A middle aged frumpy married couple return to a Mercedes dealership where the salesman has just sold the car they were interested in to a beautiful leggy busty blonde...  "I thought you said you would hold that car till we raised the $75,000 asking price, " said the man, "I just heard you close the deal for $65, 000 to the lovely young lady there. You insisted there could be no discount on the model."  "Well, she had the ready cash, and just look at her, how could I resist." replied the grinning salesman.   Just then the young woman approached the middle aged couple and gave them the keys.  "There you go, " she said, "I told you I would get the prick to reduce it. See you later dad!"
A blonde arrives at work one morning And enters the elevator with a coworker. She smiles at him and says "T.G.I.F.!"   The coworker smiles back and says "S.H.I.T.!"  Confused, the blonde says again, "TGIF!"  Once again her coworker says "S.H.I.T."  Finally the blonde says "Thank God it's Friday!."  The coworker responds: "Sorry Honey, it's Thursday."
[Blonde] Why are all the blondes rushing to get breast implants? Because they don't want to pay the flat tax.
A blonde is driving to work when she hears on the radio: "You are listening to Radio 1". The blonde gets angry and starts yelling: "HOW THE HELL DO THEY KNOW WHAT I'M LISTENING??!"
A brunette confides to her blonde friend ... "Please don't tell anyone, but I'm deathly afraid of bees." The blonde says, "Don't worry, I won't say a word. To be honest, the entire alphabet scares the hell out of me."
One day 3 blonde girls were talking to each other.[NSFW] One day 3 blonde girls were talking to each other. Suddenly the subject changed into blow jobs and the 2 girls were talking about how their boyfriends Ted and Frank had cold balls while they’re getting a blow job. Then they asked the third girl Sally how her boyfriend Dave’s balls were. She got uncomfortable and said in a shy voice that she actually never gave a blow job before. The 2 girls were screaming and shouting that she absolutely should give him a blow job before he will leave her and seek pleasure with other girls. The 2 girls told Sally to give Dave blow job tonight and they would meet each other for breakfast the next morning to talk about it. So that night Sally gave her boyfriend a good blowjob.  So the next morning Sally comes back with a black eye. The 2 girls are startled by it and ask Sally what happened. Sally says:’ Well I was giving him a blow job and said hey that’s funny, your balls are warm when I give you a blow job, but Ted’s and Frank’s were not.’
A blonde wants to buy a new TV She goes into a store, makes her choice and asks an assistant "How much does this TV cost?"  The assistant looks at her and says "Sorry ma'am I'm afraid we don't sell to blondes." Confused and irritated, the blonde leaves the store. Determined to buy a TV, she dyes her hair black and goes back a week later. She goes to checkout and says "I'd like to buy this TV." The cashier looks up at her and says "sorry ma'am, but we don't sell to blondes."   "But how did you know I was a natural blonde? And why won't you sell me this TV, just because I'm a blonde?"  "Because that's a microwave, ma'am" 
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant 
The Valentine's Day Blonde A woman receives a huge bouquet of flowers from her boyfriend at the office and is clearly upset about it. Her co-workers ask what's wrong.  She replies, very annoyed: "This is just great. Now I guess I'll have to spend the whole evening on my back, with my legs in the air!"  The blonde says, "That's awful! Don't you have a vase?"
A blonde is drilling in the ice to fish when he hears a voice call out from above... **There are no fish under the ice**   The guy looks up but doesn't see anyone. He asks - can I at least drill and see for myself?   The answers in a louder tone.   **There are no fish under the ice**    The poor guy looks up and still can't see anyone. He thinks to himself - maybe I'm just hearing voices. He continues drilling.   The voice bellows louder than ever!   **There are no fish under the ice**   Now the blonde begins to tremble as he asks - who speaks to me?  **The owner of the skating rink** 
Why a blonde woman can't call the 911? Because she dont find the 11   
A BLONDE'S BRAIN Q: What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? A: Pregnant.
A guy took his blonde girlfriend to her first football game...  They had great seats right behind their team's bench. After the game, he asked her how she liked the experience. "Oh, I really liked it," she replied, "especially the tight pants and all the big muscles, but I just couldn't understand why they were killing each other over 25 cents." Dumbfounded, her date asked, "What do you mean?" "Well, they flipped a coin, one team got it, and then for the rest of the game, all they kept screaming was, 'Get the quarterback! Get the quarterback!' I'm like, hello? It's only 25 cents!"
A blonde loses her checkbook... When she reports this to her bank manager, he scolds her, "you need to be careful. Someone can forge your signature and steal your money!"   She assures him, "nah, I signed all my checks, so there's no space to forge my checks" 
what do you call a blonde in the freezer ? her parents called her Cindy so we should still call her that . She was supposed to graduate tomorrow.
Blonde joke (short) A blonde tells her husband she thinks she's pregnant and sends him off to the store to buy a pregnancy test. As he's leaving she says buy two in case it's twins.
What do you call a blonde in the freezer? Her parents named her Cindy so we should probably continue to call her that. She was supposed to graduate tomorrow.
Blonde Mom: I think my son's friends have lisps They keep asking me for some Milf.
How do you confuse a blonde? Paint yourself green and throw ping pong balls at her
What do you call a blond policewoman who doesn't shave her pubes? Hot fuzz. 
A blonde and a brunette are on an elevator... A short man with flaky hair and dandruff comes in and then gets off on the next floor.  The brunette goes: "Wow, that guy could really use some Head and Shoulders."  The blonde says: "How do you give shoulders?"
A blonde goes golfing with her father She is feeling good about her game recently, so she challenges her father: "If you beat me, I'll buy you dinner and drinks. If I beat you, you give me $20 to go shopping. The father agrees.  After the round, the father adds up the scores. "Ha! I beat you by 3 strokes. Let me think about what restaurant I want," he says triumphantly. The blonde grabs the scorecard to try adding it herself. Not wanting to make a mistake, she pulls out her phone and calculates it carefully.   After 10 minutes, the father is starting to get impatient. Finally the blonde looks up. "Well, did you finish adding it up?"  "Yup," she replied. "Nice try, Daddy, but I got the higher score!"
The world's dumbest Blonde took an online IQ test. She only scored 104.
A blonde tried to commit suicide Police found six bullet holes in her mirror.
A blonde joke They get drunk and wake up in jail, only to find that they are to be executed in the morning – though none of them can remember what they did the night before.  The first one, a redhead, is strapped in the electric chair and is asked if she has any last words. She says, “I just graduated from Trinity Bible College and believe in the almighty power of God to intervene on the behalf of the innocent.”  They throw the switch and nothing happens. The executioners all immediately fall to the floor on their knees, beg for forgiveness, and release her.  The second one, a brunette, is strapped in and gives her last words. “I just graduated from the Harvard School of Law and I believe in the power of justice to intervene on the part of the innocent.”  They throw the switch and again, nothing happens. Again they all immediately fall to their knees, beg for forgiveness and release her.  The last one, a blonde, is strapped in and says, “Well, I’m from the University of Texas and just graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering, and I’ll tell ya right now, ya’ll ain’t gonna electrocute nobody if you don’t plug this thing in.”
A Blonde walks into a bank A Blonde walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the loan officer. She says she is going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5,000.The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for such a loan, so the Blonde hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce parked on the street in front of the bank. Everything checks out, and the bank agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. An employee drives the Rolls into the bank's underground garage and parks it there.   Two weeks later, the Blonde returns, repays the $5,000 and the interest, which comes to $15.41. The loan officer says, "We are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very nicely, but we are a little puzzled. While you were away, we checked you out and found that you are a multimillionaire. What puzzles us is why would you bother to borrow $5,000?"  The Blonde replied, "Where else in New York can I park my car for two weeks for 15 bucks?"
Why did the blonde girl have a bruise on her belly button? Because blonde guys are dumb too. 
Blonde found dead inside car at bottom of ocean She forgot to turn on cruise control...
'I think I am blonde' is an oxymoron Because blondes don't think
Drunk Blonde So a blonde walks into a Bar at a hotel that has it on the top story and sits Down. A man in a Trench coat Leans over to her and says,"You should get this beer" *Holds up bottle* "It allows you to do amazing things!"  At this the man stands up, jumps out the window and Flies around twice before coming back into the Building. The blonde then orders the Same beer. She drinks it. And then Jumps out the window. And falls to her death.   The Owner of the Bar then turns to the man in the coat and says, "You know you're a real Prick when you're drunk, Superman." 
A blonde sees a banana peel on the ground "oh no! I don't want to fall again!"
what do you call a blonde with brains a golden retriever
A brunette, a redhead, and a blonde were all talking about how they were trying to conceive children with their husbands. The brunette says, "I know that from the position we use in the bedroom that we are having a girl." The redhead says, "I know that from the position that we use in the bedroom we are having a boy."  The blonde sat there for a second with a puzzled look on her face and then chimed in, "well then from the position we use in the bedroom we must be having puppies!" 
What is better than a hot blonde girl with a huge cock? A sexy brunette girl with a huge hen. 
Blonde goes to gynecologist her belly has been growing does not know what that means.  Doc checks her, tells her she's pregnant.  "Doctor, are you sure it's mine?"
A conversation between a forgetful mathematician and a blonde Mathematician: "Excuse me, I seem to have forgotten the value for the sine function. Do you know what it is?"  Blonde: Ah???  Mathematician: No, not that, that's for cosine.  Blonde: Oh...  Mathematician: That's it! Thank you!
A blonde gets mugged A blonde gets mugged, she asked the mugger 'what do you need the money for?'.  The mugger replies 'i need money for Ice, I have a serious meth addiction'. So the blonde hands over all her money then a few hours later she goes to her freezer and says 'dumb mugger ice is free, you can make it at home'.
A gorgeous blonde is stranded on an island... Two cannibals, father and son, find her. The son says to the father: Wow dad! She is beautiful! Are we going to eat her? To which the father replies: No son. Don't be silly, we're keeping her. We're eating your mother.
3 actresses walk into an audition for a dumb waitress, one brunette, one redhead, and one blonde... The director gives each of them a different character, tells each of them to prepare and read for the character, and then sends them into a waiting room.  The brunette auditions first, says the name of her character, gives it her best shot, but the director sends her away unimpressed.   The redhead goes next, says her different character's name, tries her best, but ultimately fails like the brunette did.   Finally, after getting bored and reading magazines and newspapers in the waiting room for half an hour, it's the blonde's turn. She goes into the room and says the name of her character.  Suddenly, before she can continue, the director gets up and congratulates her on getting the part. Confused, the blonde asks, "How, I didn't read any lines yet?"  The director looks at her, laughs, and then tells her, "That wasn't the character I gave you, you're holding an obituary."
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back
A Blonde Woman Asks For A $5000 Loan A blonde woman walks into a bank in NYC before going on vacation and asks for a $5,000 loan. The banker asks, "Okay, miss, is there anything you would like to use as collateral?" The woman says, "Yes, of course. I'll use my Rolls Royce." The banker, stunned, asks, "A $250,000 Rolls Royce? Really?" The woman is completely positive. She hands over the keys, as the bankers and loan officers laugh at her. They check her credentials, make sure she is the title owner. Everything checks out. They park it in their underground garage for two weeks. When she comes back, she pays off the $5,000 loan as well as the $15.41 interest. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very appreciative of your business with us, but I have one question. We looked you up and found out that you are a multi-millionaire. Why would you want to borrow $5,000?" The woman replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
A Blonde, Brunette, and a Redhead all die and go to Hell.... Once they arrive they receive a challenge from the Devil - if they can stump him, they're free to go to heaven instead.    The Brunette goes first and as she was a famous philosopher in life, asks the Devil a very hard philosophy question - to which the Devil snaps his fingers, gets a book, and gives the answer.    The Redhead tries as well - she was an incredibly talented scientist and asks a question related to a breakthrough discovery that happened right before she died. The Devil instantly gets the answer.    When it comes to the blonde, she pulls up a chair and drills three holes in it.  She then sits down in the chair and farts. "Now," she says, "which hole did the fart come out of?"  "That's easy," says the Devil. "All of them."  "No, stupid! It came out of my butthole!"
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are standing on the edge of a cliff.. A wizard mysteriously appears over the edge and says "I am an almighty wizard whatever you say as you jump off this cliff will appear at the bottom and safely break your fall" the brunette jumps off and yells "CASH MONEY" and safely lands in a giant pile of money. The red head yells "EXPENSIVE JEWELERY!"and safely slides down a mountain of jewelry to the bottom. The blonde thinks for a moment and starts sprinting towards the edge, as she is about to jump she trips off the edge and yells "OH SHIT!"
A blonde and a ginger are falling down a building, which one reaches the ground first? The ginger, because the blonde had to stop and ask for directions.
A blonde women takes a flight to Rome And goes directly to the 1st class. The stewardess told her that she only bought a 2nd class ticket. Whatever the stewardess is saying, the blonde neither listens nor moves away. Desperate, the stewardess turns towards the captain who tells her, that he will handle this. He went to the blonde and whispers something in her ear. Few seconds later, the blonde took her place in the 2nd class. The stewardess doesn't believe her eyes and asked the captain what he told the blonde woman.  "1st class doesn't go to Rome" the captain answered.
A blonde goes to the doctor... A blonde goes to the doctor. The doctor looks at her and asks what seems to be the problem?     "Everything hurts! No matter where I touch."     "My arms, my thighs, my chest, my head! All of it!"    He looks her over completely and finally looks at her in amazement.  "Lady, your *finger* is broken."
A blonde buys a whole pizza Clerk: *holding pizza slicer* "How many slices would you like your pizza to be, ma'am, 6 or 8?"  Blonde: Only 6! Only 6! I might not finish it if it were 8.
Why Can't A Blonde Call 911? Because they can't find the eleven
Blonde - How do blondes take selfies? With DSLRs and the lens cap on
How do you knock a one-armed blonde out of a tree? With a rock, just like anyone else, you prejudiced prick.   Y-you you probably even assumed it was a woman? Didn't you? Like a man wouldn't fall or something. Just because they have one arm?   Get help man. 
A blonde in Russia is buying a coat to protect herself from the cold in winter. The salesman gets the best winter coat for her size and gives it to her for her to try it. The blonde puts the coat on, goes out and waits for two minutes to see if it works well. Then she says, "Oh there is no need to get a coat anymore, the weather got warm!"
A blond and a brunette are walking through a field at night. There is a full moon out.  The brunette points to the moon and says, "Did you know that the moon is made out of cheese?"  The blond's eyes widen and she says, "No, that's really neat!"  The brunette then says, "you know, if we could get up to the moon, gather up a bunch of that cheese and bring it back to Earth, we could sell it and make a ton of money!"  The blond in excitement responded, "Oh wow, that's a brilliant idea!  But there is one problem, how will we get up to the moon?"  The brunette says, "oh, no problem.  I'll just shine my flashlight on the moon and you can walk up the beam of light and grab some of that cheese and then bring it back down."  At that moment the brunette pulled out her flashlight and shined it on the moon.  The blond looked at the beam of light, studied it for a few seconds, then looked back at her brunette friend and said, "Wait a minute, I think you're playing a joke on me.  Aren't you?"  The brunette smiled and said, "Yah, you got me.  I was just teasing you."  The blond then continued, "Yah, I get it now.  You were going to wait until I got half way to the moon and then you were going to turn off your flashlight."
A Smart Blonde, Big Foot and Santa Claus Jump From A Building. Who reaches the ground first? No one, none of them exists.
A brunette, redhead and blonde leave the bar On there walk home they see a farm and decide to break into the barn to pet the animals. The farmer noticed someone broke into his barn and he called the cops, when the girls heard the cops coming they decided to hide.   The cops come up to a cow and shine there flashlights on it, from behind the cow the brunette yells "moo"! The cops think nothing of it and move on.   They come up to a sheep and shine there flashlights on it, from behind the sheep the redhead yells "baaah"! The cops think nothing of it and move on.   Finally they come up to a sack of potatoes. They shine there flashlights on them and from behind the potatoes the blonde yells "potato potato"! 
A blonde walks into a bank and says "Hands in the air! This is a screw-up!" The banker, confused, says "Surely you must mean a 'stick-up'." The blonde responds, "No, I forgot the gun."
Blonde boards a airplane A blonde gets on an airplane and sits down in the first class section of the plane. The stewardess rushes over to her and tells her she must move to coach because she doesn’t have a first class ticket. The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m smart, I have a good job, and I’m staying in first class until we reach Jamaica.” The disgusted stewardess gets the head stewardess who asks the blonde to leave. The blonde yet again repeats “I’m blonde, I’m smart, I have a good job and I’m staying in first class until we reach Jamaica.” The head stewardesses doesn’t even know what to do at this point because they still have to get the rest of the passengers seated to take off; the blode is causing a problem with boarding now, so the stewardess gets the copilot. The copilot goes up to the blonde and whispers in her ear. She immediately gets up and goes to her seat in the coach section. The head stewardess asks the copilot in amazement what he said to get her to move to her correct seat. The copilot replies, “I told her the front half of the airplane wasn’t going to Jamaica.”
Blonde gives postman his xmas bonus She invites him in and he sees a lavish spread of food laid out.  Thinking he's interrupting a soirée he starts to leave but she says "no it's for you".   After stuffing himself he gets up to leave but she slips off her gown and seduces him. Satiated completely he prepares to leave but before he does, the blond slips him an envelope.    He opens it to find $1.  Perplexed he asks her "I don't understand? After that exquisite meal, the afternoon delight, why only a dollar?"    The blond replies: "well when I asked my husband what to give the postman for xmas he said 'fuck him. Give him a buck' *but* the buffet was my idea!" 
This is Blonde Joke An old blind cowboy wanders into an all-girl biker bar by mistake... He finds his way to a bar stool and orders a shot of Jack Daniels. After sitting there for a while, he yells to the bartender, 'Hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?' The bar immediately falls absolutely silent. In a very deep, husky voice, the woman next to him says, 'Before you tell that joke, Cowboy, I think it is only fair, given that you are blind, that you should know five things:     1. The bartender is a blonde girl with a baseball bat.    2. The bouncer is a blonde girl with a 'Billy-Club'.    3. I'm a 6-foot tall, 175-pound blonde woman with a black belt in karate.    4. The woman sitting next to me is blonde and a professional weight lifter.    5. The lady to your right is blonde and a professional wrestler. 'Now, think about it seriously, Cowboy.... Do you still wanna tell that blonde joke?' The blind cowboy thinks for a second, shakes his head and mutters, 'No...not if I'm gonna have to explain it five times.........'
Dating a blonde A blonde goes on a hot date and ends up making out with the guy in his car. The guy asks if she would like to go in the backseat.  "No!" yells the blonde.  Things get even hotter, and the guy asks again.  "For the last time, no!" says the blonde. Frustrated, the guy asks, "Well, why the hell not?"  The blonde says, "Because I wanna stay up here with you!"
A blonde walks into a bar and orders a cheeseburger. "Do you want any condiments?"  Asks the bartender.  "I didn't realize they made mint flavored ones.." She says.  "No, I mean do you want anything on the burger?"  "Oh.  I assumed it came with cheese and bread on it."  "Lady, are you fucking with me?" He asks.  "Only if you have some of those mint condoms you were talking about."
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are all in the ninth grade, which one is the hottest? The blonde, because she's the only one who's 18
A Blonde Checks Her Mail A man was outside mowing his lawn, when the blonde next door came out and looked in her mailbox. She frowned and went back in.      After a few minutes the blonde came back out and looked in her mailbox again. She had the same reaction and then went in once more. The man was a little confused but he minded his own business.      A few minutes later the blonde returned once more, and now the man was curious. 'What are you doing?' he asked her, 'You've checked your mailbox three times now. Nothings going to change in a few minutes.'      The blonde replies, 'Yes, but my computer keeps saying "You've got mail !" '    I read this on a joke site a couple years ago. Thought it belonged here. 
So a blonde girl claimed to have found a "hardcore glitch in the matrix" That would change the way we look at the world entirely. The whole world was shaken by her claims, there were news articles, reports, analysis, speculations of all kinds. Talks about the end of the world and aliens attack started to make rounds as well. The whole scientist community was excited to know what the young lady had found! So a huge Science convention was organized, media and scientists from all over the world were called and everybody was glued to their televisions. Ellon Musk hosted and paid for the entire convention and finally the moment came, the blonde girl was called onto the stage and she wasted little time once the mic was handed to her  "OHH MY GOD! You people will not believe I was shitfaced just the other day like a week ago or may be two and I was at my friend's house party getting fucked by a black dude and a white dude and Ohh My Gooood!!! literally the white guy had bigger dick than the black guy."
A guy and a blonde were driving down the road. The blonde  asks her friend to see if the car's blinker is working. So the guy looks out the window and says, ''Yes. No. Yes. No.''
How do you make a blond snow women? You carve out the head
A blonde is going door to door trying to find some paying work... She knocks on one door and a handsome older man opens it up.   "Hey mister, do you have any odd jobs I could do for cash?"   He looks her up and down and surmises that she's an idiot whom he can take advantage of.   "I'll give you ten dollars if you paint my porch. There's paint, brushes, ladders and everything you'll need next to the car in the garage."   "Sure, sounds great!"   The man closes the door, chuckling at what a great deal he's just brokered. Half an hour later, there's another knock at the door. He opens it up and there's the blonde.   "You're finished already?" he asked her incredulously.   "Yeah! It isn't really that big! But I think you should know, that's not a porch. It's a Jaguar!"
What do you get when you cross a feminist, a raggedy old bag and a blond wig? HILLARY CLINTON  
What do you call a blonde who does a handstand? A brunette with bad breath. 
A flight is on its way to Sydney when a blonde in economy class gets up, and moves to the first class section and sits down The flight attendant watches her do this, and asks to see her ticket.  She then tells the blonde that she paid for economy class, and that she will have to sit in the back.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”.  The flight attendant goes into the cockpit and tells the pilot and the co-pilot that there is a blonde bimbo sitting in first class, that belongs in economy, and won’t move back to her seat.  The co-pilot goes back to the blonde and tries to explain that because she only paid for economy she will have to leave and return to her seat.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”.  The co-pilot tells the pilot that he probably should have the police waiting when they land to arrest this blonde woman who won’t listen to reason.  The pilot says, “You say she is a blonde? I’ll handle this, I’m married to a blonde. I speak blonde”.  He goes back to the blonde and whispers in her ear, and she says, “Oh, I’m sorry” and gets up and goes back to her seat in economy. The flight attendant and co-pilot are amazed and asked him what he said to make her move without any fuss.  I told her, “First class isn’t going to Sydney “
A clever guy walks up to a blonde girl. ...    Nope never.  
The blonde girl panicked when she got stuck inside her car as her doors wouldn't open. She quickly dialed 911 and cried, "I'm in the Orlando Mall parking lot, my doors won't open and its getting to be a hot day!"  The dispatcher sent a squad car and soon the police were searching about the parking lot looking for her car.  The operator asked, "The officer wants to know what kind of car you are stuck in."  The blonde replied, "It's a convertible."  The operator said, "I'd imagine there are many convertibles in that lot, which one are you?"  Exasperated, the blonde shouted, "The one with the top down!"  
A rabbi, a bishop and a hot blonde walk into a bar... The bartender says: "What is this, some kind of joke?"
There was a magical mirror. A blonde, brunette and redhead walked up to it... They read a sign next to the mirror saying: "If you lie while standing in front of the mirror, you will instantly die."  Of course, they decided to test this and the redhead walked up to the mirror and said,"I think I am the most talented girl in the city" She died on the spot. The brunette walked up to the mirror and said, "I think I am the most beautiful girl in the country" She died on the spot. The blonde walks up to the mirror and said, "I think-" She died instantly, on the spot.
Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble. In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull so that they can breed their own stock. The brunette balances their checkbook, then takes their last $600 dollars out west to another ranch where a man has a prize bull for sale. Upon leaving, she tells her sister, "When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home." The brunette arrives at the man’s ranch, inspects the bull, and decides she does want to buy it. The man tells her that he can sell it for $599, no less. After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news. She walks into the telegraph office, and says, "I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pick-up truck and drive out here so we can haul it home." The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, "It’s just 99 cents a word." Well, with only $1 left after paying for the bull, the brunette realizes that she’ll only be able to send her sister one word. After thinking for a few minutes, she nods, and says, “I want you to send her the word, 'comfortable.'” The telegraph operator shakes his head. "How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pick-up truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her the word, 'comfortable'?" The brunette explains, "My sister’s blonde. She’ll read it slow."
are you serious? blind man A blind man walks into a bar, taps the man next him and says, "Hey, wanna hear a blond joke?" The man said to the blind man, "Look buddy, I'm blond. The man behind me is a 400-pound professional wrestler, and he's blond. The bouncer is blond. The man sitting over to your left is also blond. Still wanna tell that blond joke?" The blind man was silent for a moment and then said, "Nah, I wouldn't want to have to explain it five times."
blonde joke A blonde woman was driving by a cornfield and saw a different blonde woman in the middle of the field in a canoe trying to row through the field. The woman in the car slammed on the brakes and rolled down her window "you know it's blondes like you that make blondes like me look bad and if I could swim I would come out there and kick your ass".
A blonde walks into a bar She collided with a bar.
A blonde walks into a very noisy dry cleaners.. blonde: "Could you get this stain out for me please"  cashier: "COME AGAIN?"  blonde: "NO ITS MUSTARD THIS TIME" 
A blonde is walking along the riverbank and sees another blonde across the river. She screams "Hi!". The other blonde responds "Hi!" Then she screams "How can I get to the other side?" The other blonde looks left and looks right and looks right at her and says "You ARE on the other side!"
Blonde Joke A blonde and a redhead have a ranch. They have just lost their bull. The women need to buy another, but only have $500. The redhead tells the blonde, "I will go to the market and see if I can find one for under that amount. If I can, I will send you a telegram." She goes to the market and finds one for $499. Having only one dollar left, she goes to the telegraph office and finds out that it costs one dollar per word. She is stumped on how to tell the blonde to bring the truck and trailer. Finally, she tells the telegraph operator to send the word "comfortable." Skeptical, the operator asks, "How will she know to come with the trailer from just that word?" The redhead replies, "She's a blonde so she reads slow: 'Come for ta bull.'"
A blonde cop stops a blonde motorist... A blonde cop stops blonde motorist and asks for her driving license.   The Motorist scuffles around in her purse and can't find it. She says to the cop, "I must have left it at home officer."   The cop says, "Well, do you have any kind of identification?" The motorist scuffles around in her purse again, and finds a pocket mirror.   She looks at it and says to the cop, "All I have is this picture of myself." The cop says, "Let me see it, then." So the blonde motorist gives the mirror to the blonde cop, who looks at it, and replies, "Well, if I had known you were a police officer, I wouldn't have even pulled you over. You can go now."  Edit: why,  reddit,  must you be so cruel as to make this,  out of all my amazing posts, my top post? 
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette... ...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.  The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.'  The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.'  The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.'  The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.
A blonde from the city is tired of being teased. She just can't take the blonde jokes anymore.  So, she dyes her hair red and moves to the country.   She is sitting along a country road looking at a field full of sheep.  She counts all the sheep and comes up with an idea to get a sheep of her own.  She drives to the farm house and finds the farmer.   "Good afternoon. Is that your field full of sheep?" She asks the farmer.  "Yes it is" replies the farmer.  "I would just love to have a pet sheep. But I can not afford to buy one. If I can guess how many sheep you have, can I have one?"  The farmer smiles and says, "sure, if you can guess how many sheep I have you can have one."  The blonde looks over at the field and then says, "328 sheep"  The farmer is amazed. "That is exactly right. Go pick a sheep"  The blonde picks a sheep and puts it in her car. She is backing out of the driveway and the farmer comes running up to the car.   "Excuse me miss. But, if I can guess your real hair color, can I have my dog back?!!"
Whats the difference between a Blonde and a Washing Machine? The Washing Machine will not follow you around for 2 weeks after you dump a load in it!
What do you call a blonde who dyed her hair brown? Artificial Intelligence
Blond guy goes to a bar... A hefty, muscular gun toting blond guy from Austin Texas goes to a bar on his Harley Davidson. He parks the bike outside, goes in and orders a drink.  Now the regulars at this bar have a habit of picking on newcomers. So when the blond goes back his bike is missing from its spot. He walks back in.  He shouts out, "Which one of ya'll fuckers stole my Harley?"  Nobody answers. He caresses his gun and says, "Here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna get another drink and if ma bike ain't back where I left it, I'm gonna do the same thing I did back in Austin. And I don't like what I did back in Austin."  True to his word, he orders a drink and goes back out, to find his Harley back where it was!  As he puts on his helmet, the bar owner asks him, "If you don't mind me asking, what did you do back in Austin?"  The blond replies, "I had to walk back home."
One day a redhead, a brunette, and a blonde were on their way to heaven.  God told them the stairs to heaven were 1,000 steps and on every step he was going to tell them a joke.  If they laughed they would not be able to get to heaven. So the redhead made it to the 45th step and laughed. The brunette made it to the 200th step and laughed. But the blonde made it to the 999th step and laughed even before god told his joke. God asked "Why did you laugh I haven't even told the joke yet" The blonde said, "I know I just now got the first one!!!"
The concept of blonde jokes are very simple. Everybody gets it, not the blondes though.
Blonde: Doctor, it hurts everywhere I touch. Doctor: You have a broken finger.
A Blond, Burnett and a Red Head are stuck on a deserted Island. A Blond, Burnett and a Red Head are stuck on a deserted Island. After days of searching for a way off, they come across a lamp. After picking it up a genie appears. The genie tells them that if the want to get of the Island they need to run and jump off the cliff. As they fall to the ocean below yell out want you want to turn into and you will be able to get away safely. The Redhead runs off the cliff and yells "Eagle" and flies away safely. The Burnett jumps off the cliff yells "Dolphin" and swims away. The blond runs forward, trips on a rock and yells, "Shit!"
On his first day on the job, a blond cop shoots and kills 3 black men His commander pulls him aside and says "Good job, rookie.  Don't worry, we'll get you off the hook for this.  But why kill 3?  We only told you to kill 1".  He replies, "No, you told me to shoot a black per son.  My wife and I have 3 boys."
A blonde was sitting at the first class seat on a plane... The air stewardress tried to pursuade her to return back to economy, which she had bought. The blonde replied: "im blonde, im fabulous and im going to london."  After much persuasion, the blonde still refused to move away. The air stewardress had no choice but to call upon the captain to tell her to move back to her seat.  The air stewardress entered the cockpit, explained the situation and the captain nodded his head. He went to the blonde and whispered in her ear. The blonde immediately moved back to economy.  The air stewardress, amazed, asked the captain what he said to the blonde. The captain replied: "simple, i told her first class aint going to london"
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are all stuck on an island. The redhead tries to swim home and makes a quarter of the way there, then drowns. The brunette gets a third of the way there, then drowns. The blonde gets halfway there, then gets tired, turns around and swims back.
A blond is driving down a California highway and sees a semi pulled over on the side of the road broken down. She asks the driver "do you need a ride." The semi driver says "no I'll fix the truck but I have 2 chimps that need to get to the San Diego zoo, I'll give you $100 if you take them there." "Sure" says the lady. He helps her get them strapped in and she was on her way. A few hours later the semi driver got into San Diego and sees this woman walking down the street with the chimps. He pulls over and hollers "What the hell? I gave you $100 to take these chimps to the San Diego zoo." Looking confused the lady responds "we did go to the zoo, we have change left over so we are going to SeaWorld."
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are in a maternity ward, waiting to give birth. The brunette says, "I think I'm having a boy because when we conceived, my husband was on top".  The redhead smiles and says, "in that case, I'm having a girl. I'm always on top!" At this, the blonde starts crying hysterically. The other two calm her down and ask her what's wrong. "I'm having puppies!" she sobs
What does a mediating blond girl sound like? "Ummmmmmmmmm...."
Why did the blonde have lipstick on her steering wheel? She was trying to blow the horn
I really have to stop telling blonde people jokes. They never understand them.
A blonde woman was getting tired of all the blonde jokes she heard, so she dyed her hair and set out to prove them wrong while “undercover” She came across a huge heard of sheep and saw their shepherd.   “Hey! If I can correctly count all your sheep, can I have one?” she asked, eyeing a chance to prove blondes could at least do basic math.   The bored shepherd answered, “Yeah, sure”.   The blonde set about counting and came back a little later.   “117”  “I’ll be... that’s right!”   Proudly, the blonde took her prize and made to walk away. As she did, the shepherd made a grimace.   “Wait!” shouted the shepherd.   “What?” said the blonde and stopped.   “Your hair is dyed, right?”   Getting nervous, the blonde answered, “yeah?”.   “If I can guess your original hair colour, can I get my dog back?”
A blonde and her thermos A blonde notices that her coworker has a thermos, so she asks him what it's for. He responds, "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold."  The blonde immediately buys one for herself. The next day, she goes to work and proudly displays it.  Her coworker asks, "What do you have in it?"  She replies, "Soup and ice cream."
A Blonde Walks into a Library A blonde walks into a library and slams a book on the desk.  She says, "This is the worst book I've ever read!! There's no plot and it has way too many characters!!"  The librarian says, "So that's what happened to our phonebook."
I saw this gorgeous blonde police officer today who really knocked me for six, she was stunning the crap out of me with her taser after I tried to grab her ass!
What do you see when you look into a blonde's eyes? The back of her head.
Blind, Blonde, &amp; Ballsy A blind man walks into a bar, taps the man next him, and says, "Hey, wanna hear a blonde joke?" The man says back to the blind man, "Look buddy, I'm blonde. The man behind me is a 400-pound professional wrestler and he is blonde. The bouncer is blonde. The man sitting over to your left is also blonde. Still wanna tell that blonde joke?" The blind man is silent for a moment and then says, "Nah, I wouldn't want to have to explain it five times."  
A blonde is driving down the street... Suddenly she is stopped by a police car. A police officer gets out of the car and walks up to her car and says: "Ma'am I'm gonna need to see your papers and your drivers license."   The blonde hands him her papers but looks at the police officer confused and asks: "Aren't my papers and my drivers license the same thing?"   "No Ma'am, your drivers license is like a small flat thing with a picture of you on it.  The blonde is searching her back when she suddenly yells:" Found it!" and hands the police officer a mirror.   The police officer replies:" Oh, I'm sorry. If i would have known you worked for the police too i would't have stopped you!"
Blonde walks into appliance store A blonde walks into an appliance store, a salesman approaches her and asks "How may I help you?" The blonde responds "I'd like to buy this tv" the salesman says "sorry we don't sell to blondes" furious the blonde leaves. A couple days later she dyes her hair Brown and goes back, the same salesman is there and says "How may I help you?" She replies "I'd like to buy this tv" again the salesman says "sorry we don't sell to blondes" again the blonde leaves madder then the time before. Finally a week later the blonde dyes her hair red and goes back for one last try, the same salesman comes up and says "How may I help you?" The blonde says "I'd like to buy this tv" the salesman responds "sorry we don't sell to blondes" the blonde says "I've dyed my hair two different times how have you known I'm blonde both times?" The salesman responds "because that's a microwave"
A blonde woman walks into a shop A blonde woman walks into a shop and says  "I'd like to buy that tv"  The man replies  "You cannot" The woman replies "Why not?" The man says "because you're blonde"  So, the woman walks out and dyes her hair brown and returns later that day. She says to the man "I'd like to buy that tv" He replies "You cant because you're blonde" She says "What?!  How do you know??!" He says Because that's not a TV that's a microwave" 
A blond is asked the definition of Politics. She says "Simple! It comes from two words. The first, poly- which is Latin for many. And ticks, which are blood sucking bugs."  credit - Taylor Mason
A Blonde and a Brunette are having coffee In walks the Brunettes' fiancee, bearing a dozen roses. The Brunette rolls her eyes and says "now I'm going to have to spend the weekend with my legs up in the air." The Blonde looks at the Brunette with surprise, and says "oh, don't you have a vase?"
A guy took his blonde girlfriend to her first football game...... .....They had great seats right behind their team's bench.  After the game, he asked her how she liked the experience.  "Oh, I really liked it," she replied, "especially the tight pants and all the big muscles, but I just couldn't understand why they were killing each other over 25 cents."  Dumbfounded, her date asked, "What do you mean?"  "Well, they flipped a coin, one team got it, and then for the rest of the game, all they kept screaming was, 'Get the quarterback! Get the quarterback!' I'm like, hello? It's only 25 cents!”
The Blonde Nun. One night a blonde nun was praying in her room when God appeared before her. “My daughter, you have pleased me greatly. Your heart is full of love for your fellow creatures and your actions and prayers are always for the benefit of others. I have come to you, not only to thank and commend you, but to grant you anything you wish,” said God.  “Dear Heavenly Father, I am perfectly happy. I am a bride of Christ. I am doing what I love. I lack for nothing material since the Church supports me. I am content in all ways,” said the nun.  “There must be something you would have of me,” said God.  “Well, there is one thing,” she said.  “Just name it,” said God.  “It’s those blonde jokes. They are so demeaning to blondes everywhere, not just to me. I would like for blonde jokes to stop.”  “Consider it done,” said God. “Blonde jokes shall be stricken from the minds of humans everywhere. But surely there is something that I could do just for you.”  “There is one thing. But it’s really small, and not worth your time,” said the nun.  “Name it. Please,” said God.  “It’s the M&amp;M’s,” said the nun. “They’re so hard to peel.”
A depressed blonde decided that she wanted to commit suicide. She went to the park to find a tree to hang herself on. A few days later, a man was walking his dog and spotted her hanging from the tree. He asks the blonde what she is doing and she replies, "I'm hanging myself."  "You're supposed to put the noose are your neck, not your waist," said the onlooker.  "I tried that," replied the blonde, "but I couldn't breathe..."
What do you call an upside down blonde? A brunette with bad breath.
What did drunk say to the blonde? Nice ass.
How do you confuse a blonde? Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.
A cute blond is taking a college anatomy class The professor gets to the sexual anatomy system. He asks ' would someone like to come up to the blackboard and draw a penis for us?'    The blond jumps up enthusiastically 'I will!' And proceeds to draw a huge boner.    Exasperated, the professor says 'Will you please draw it the other way!'    Confused, the blond replies 'What other way?'
How do you kill a blonde? Put a scratch n' sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool.
Yet another blonde joke.... A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun.   The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead.   She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head.   The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself.  Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''
What did the blonde's left leg say to the right leg? "Between us, I think we can make a lot of money!"
A BLONDE'S BRAIN Q: What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? A: Pregnant.
Why did the hunter scold his blonde wife after she shot a moose over quota? Cause when he asked her why she shot it, she replied:  "I asked it what it was before I shot. But that cow wasn't gonna fool me!"
Blonde Joke An old visually impaired cattle rustler meanders into an all-young lady biker bar by misstep...  He discovers his way to a bar stool and requests an injection of Jack Daniels.  Subsequent to staying there for some time, he shouts to the barkeep, 'Hello, you wanna hear a blonde joke?'  The bar quickly falls completely quiet.  In a profound, imposing voice, the lady by him says, 'Before you tell that joke, Cowboy, I think it is not out of the question, given that you are visually impaired, that you ought to know five things:  The barkeep is a blonde young lady with a polished ash.  The bouncer is a blonde young lady with a 'Billy-Club'.  I'm a 6-foot tall, 175-pound blonde lady with a dark belt in karate.  The lady sitting beside me is blonde and an expert weight lifter.  The woman to your privilege is blonde and an expert wrestler.  'Presently, consider it truly, Cowboy.... Do you still wanna tell that blonde joke?'  The visually impaired cowhand thinks for a brief moment, shakes his head and mumbles, 'No...not in case I'm going to need to clarify it five times.
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead rob a bank ( part 2 ) A blonde, brunette, and a redhead decide to rob a bank. Everything goes as planned, masks on, fake guns in hand, and money in bags.   As they exit the bank they hear sirens, so they dash to a nearby forest and climb Into 3 large trees.   After the cops arrive they suspect that the getaway route was into the nearby forest, so they decide to inspect it.   One of the officers hears a sound coming from one of the three large trees.  He shoots his gun into the one with the redhead hiding it in,  so she does her best impression of a bird " chirp chirp". The officer thinks it's just a bird, so he continues to the next tree.   He shoots into the next tree with the brunette hiding in it, he then hears a " hoot, hoot" sound.  And says to the other officer, " clear! Just an owl " and continues.   He moves on to the third large tree with the blonde hiding in it, as he approaches, the blonde begins to get nervous.  He then shoots into the tree and hears " Mooooooo"     
So a redhead, brunette, and blonde walk into a bar... This bar has a magic mirror that consumes anyone who lies  The redhead comes in and says "I think I'm the most beautiful girl in the world" and she gets sucked in  The brunette comes in and says "I think I'm the most beautiful girl in the world" and she gets sucked in  The blonde comes in and says "I think-" and she gets sucked in
Blonde one died from the Royal family But it's old news really, happened in 1997
How does a blonde capitalise? She turns on her kneecaps.
I asked a blonde why was she spraying vinegar on her face. I do it so I won't be so basic, she replied.
The blonde and the lawyer.    A blonde is sat on a plane waiting for everyone to sit down and to get airborne. A guy in an expensive looking suit sits along side her and introduces himself.  Disinterested, she says hi and turns towards the window.  He asks if she'd like to play a game. She says no.  Just after take off he tries again. Explaining this time that the game is question and answer. He asks a question and if she knows the answer he pays her $5. If not... she pays him.   She snaps back at him that she's not interested. So he tells her he is a lawyer and will make it interesting. If she doesn't know the answer she pays $5. If she asks one he doesn't know though, he will pay $500 to her.   Still not really wanting to she reluctantly accepted and he goes first. "What is the distance in miles from Earth to the moon?"  She doesn't say a word. She just reaches for her purse hand hands him five bucks. Then goes to grab her travel pillow to get some shut eye and escape the lawyer.   He says wait. It's your turn!   She thinks for a moment and says "what goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four?"  He looks confused for a moment and she starts to get comfortable. He says he's going to have to think about it and she goes to sleep.  As soon as she nods off he gets his laptop out and searches all of it for an answer. He connects to the internet and tries everything from I'm feeling lucky on google to Wikipedia and fires emails to his most likely to quiz contacts.  After an hour of finding nothing he wakes her up with a $500 check.  "Thank you" and she tries to get immediately back into her comfortable spot when he asks, "Wait! What does go up a hill with three legs but comes down with four?" Without a word she reaches for her purse and hands him $5.   And you thought blondes were all dumb?
A blonde wanted to go ice fishing, So after getting all of the right tools, she headed toward the nearest frozen lake.  After getting comfy on her stool she started to cut a circular hole in the ice. Then from the heavens a voice boomed, ''THERE ARE NO FISH UNDER THE ICE.''  Startled, the blonde moved further down the ice, poured a thermos of hot chocolate and started to cut yet another hole in the ice. The voice boomed, ''THERE ARE NO FISH UNDER THE ICE.''  This time quite scared, the blonde moved to the far end of the ice. Then she started another hole and once again the voice said, ''THERE ARE NO FISH UNDER THE ICE.''  The very scared blonde raised her head and said, ''Is that you, Lord?'' The voice answered, ''NO. IT IS THE MANAGER OF THE ICE RINK.'
A blonde was watching the news and saw that two Brazilian skydivers died in a horrific accident. She responds with, "two Brazilian? Is that more than a billion?".
What do a call a blonde that dyes her hair brown? Artificial Intelligence.
A blonde hears a guy telling blond jokes... She says "i'm blond, and that's very insulting." Guy says, "alright, I'll repeat it slowly."
So a blonde gets on a plane bound for NYC... And sits down in the first class section. The guy whose seat she had taken, he goes up and tells the flight attendant there's someone in his seat. So the flight attendant goes over and says  "Miss, I'm going to have to ask you to go to your proper seat"  The blonde replies, "I'm blonde, I'm beautiful and I'm headed to New York City."  Confused and slightly taken aback, the flight attendant responds "Miss, you *need* to vacate this seat."  Once again, the blonde says, "I'm blonde, I'm beautiful, and I'm headed to New York City!"  Just as the flight attendant is about to say something again, the blonde interjects, "I'm blonde. I'm beautiful. And I'm headed to New York City."  So the flight attendant speed walks to the cockpit and says, "Captain, I need help. This blonde lady sitting in the front row has taken this gentleman's seat, and she refuses to leave!"  Calmly, the captain stands and says, "Don't worry. I can handle this. My wife's a blonde too."  He walks over to the blonde and quickly whispers into her ear. She gets her luggage, and sprints to the back of the plane.  Shocked and amazed, the flight attendant and gentleman ask, "What did you even say!"  With a grin the captain replies,  "I told her that this part of the plane doesn't go to New York City."
My blonde girlfriend asked, "what's your favourite position"? I replied CEO.  And, she said I'd love to try that.
A blonde is driving along the road one day and she passes an open field. As she is driving by she sees another blonde out in the middle of the field in a row boat rowing frantically even though she is not in any water and is not making any progress.  Furious at what she sees the blonde pulls over her car on the side of the road and gets out of the car.  After observing the blonde rowing frantically and getting nowhere, she can't contain her rage any longer.  "HEY!!" the blond screams at the other blonde in the rowboat. "IT'S STUPID BLONDES LIKE YOU THAT MAKE US SMART BLONDES LOOK BAD AND IF I COULD SWIM I WOULD COME OUT THERE AND KICK YOUR ASS!!"
How do you kill a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff sticker on the bottom of a pool.
The blonde convention All of the blondes in the world decided that they were tired of always being stereotyped as stupid. They wanted to prove to the world that they were just as smart as anyone else. In order to do this, they decided to hold a huge convention and televise it in order to prove their intelligence. As part of the convention they had Steve Harvey ask some trivia questions. The first blonde got up on stage, and the category of math came up.  Steve Harvey asked the first blonde "What is 28 divided by 4?" She thought long and hard before replying "8." All of the blondes were upset and began shouting "Give her another try, give her another try!" Steve decided to give her another try because division is pretty tricky. He asked "What is 6 times 7?" The blonde, after much consideration, answered "48." All of the blondes shouted "Give her another try, give her another try!" Well, multiplication isn't the easiest type of math, so Steve decided he might as well let her go again. This time he asked "What is 9 minus 5?"  The blonde replied "2." All of the blondes were in an uproar now. They wanted desperately to be able to prove themselves to the world. "Give her another try, give her another try!" they shouted. Steve decided to give the blonde a question that she could not possibly mess up. "What is 2 plus 2?" he asked. "4," she replied. At this, all of the blondes began crying and rose to their feet.  "Give her another try, give her another try!"
How does a blonde turn on the light after making love? Opens the car door.
What's the worst thing about blonde people? They're running for president.
A blonde took her son to a doctor.. A blonde took her son to a doctor: Doctor, I think my son swallowed a key! I'm so worried  Doctor: Calm down and tell me when did this happen?  Blonde: About a week ago.  Doctor: Why the hell didn't you bring him to me earlier?  Blonde: We had a spare but now that's also lost   
Did you hear about the blonde that won the gold medal in the Olympics? She was so proud she had it bronzed.
How do you the difference between a blond man and a blond woman? The blond woman will have a higher sperm count.
What's the difference between a mosquito and a blonde? A mosquito stops sucking when you smack it.
A blonde wants to prove to people that she’s not just a dumb blonde. So she asks her friend, "How could I show people I'm smart?"   Her friend says, "Well- you could start by learning all the provinces and their capitals."   The blonde spends the whole week learning them. It’s hard, but she knows it will be worth it when people see how smart she is.  The next week she’s at a party and a man asks a question. Full of confidence, the blonde says, "I know the answer!"   The man is sceptical, but she says, "I'll have you know I'm not just a dumb blonde, I know all the provinces and their capitals."   He says, "Okay, what’s the capital of Saskatchewan?"   She grins and says, "Easy. S!" 
What is a blonde's favorite vegetable? Salad
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are all in the 9th Grade. Which one is the sexiest? The blonde, because she's the only one who's 18.
Why did the blonde climb over the glass fence? To see what was on the other side.
Blonde Joke A blonde is out walking by the river when she spots her friend (also blonde) on the other side of the river. "What you doing over there?" She shouts.  "I'm not over there, you are!" Her friend replies..  
Q: What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant.
What did the blonde do to try to avoid pregnancy? She popped a hole in the condom so the sperm could swim away...
Blond in Wheat Two blondes drive through the middle of Kansas, surrounded entirely by wheat fields.  One blonde riding shotgun says, "Look over there!" They see another blonde in scuba gear who is acting like she's swimming through the wheat.  The blonde driving says, "It's girls like that who give us blondes a bad name."  The other blonde says, "Yeah! And if I knew how to swim, I'd go out there and tell her off."  
Shortest Joke, imagine two blonde Imagine two blondes playing chess :D :P and thinking out loud... "bitch that's my Queen!"
A Blonde wants to learn how to fly a plane... A Blonde woman wants to learn how to fly a plane, so she goes to the flight school and asks one of the instructors to help her.  He looks at her and says " All of our planes are taken right now, but we do have this helicopter you could learn to fly. "   The blonde accepts and they go off to the helicopter.  The instructor teaches her about all the buttons and knobs, all the levers and pedals, and she's ready to fly.   The instructor tells the woman that she is to fly to 5 thousand feet up then and come back down to the ground, and lets her know he will be checking on her every 1000 feet to see how she's doing.   She lifts off and before long she's at 1000 feet; " How's it going?" The instructor radios in. "Fine" she says.  2000 feet came quickly afterwards; "Status ?" asks the instructor. "Everything is A-ok!" says the woman.   3000 feet went by well from what he could see, and right at 4000 feet the helicopter falls out of the sky!  The helicopter crashes into the ground and miraculously the woman survives the crash.   "WHAT HAPPENED?!" yells the instructor.  The Blonde says, "Well, at 1 thousand and 2 thousand feet everything was going great!.   Then came 3 thousand feet and I started feeling a little uncomfortable, and once I got to 4000 feet it got *really* cold, so I turned off the big Fan!" 
What do you call a blonde in the freezer? Her parents named her Cindy so we should probably continue to call her that. She was supposed to graduate tomorrow.
A smart scientist amd a blonde girl sit down on a plane.  A very smart man boards a plane and sits down. A blond girl sits next to him.  He is bored so he says to her  "Let's play a game, I give you a riddle if you cannot find the answer you pay me 5 dollars. If you answer it though you give me a riddle and I don't answer it I'll give you 300$"  She says "OK, I'll go first."  "What goes up a hill on 1 leg and goes down on 2?"  He thinks about it for a while but after about 10 minutes can't find a answer so he Google's it.  Nothing.  He calls scientists and several well educated people. They have no clue.  He, a man of his word gives the 300 dollars to her.   He asks for the answer she shrugs and hands him 5$
A blonde gets stuck in a snowstorm and remembers the advice her father once gave her: *if you're driving in a snowstorm, follow a snowplow so you won't get stuck in the snow.* So she found one, and did.  After about thirty minutes the snowplow stops and the driver gets out, walks back to the blonde's car, and asks, "Excuse me ma'am, but are you following me?"  The blonde explains the situation. The driver replies, "Well that's not the worse advice ever, but I'm done with this parking lot now."
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette die and go to heaven... There they are greeted by St. Peter who looks at them grimly.  "Unfortunately, heaven is quite full at the moment so you must all undergo a test to prove your worth. Before you all is the stairway to heaven totalling one thousand steps. On each step I will tell you a joke, they will get progressively funnier as you go higher with the funniest joke you've ever heard on the thousandth step. Should you laugh at any moment, you will instantly be sent to hell. Do you understand?"  The three girls nodded.   "Then let us begin," St. Peter said.  They each got on the first step and St. Peter proceeds to tell them the worst joke you've ever heard in the world. As expected, none of them laugh and they proceed to the next step.  At the 365th step, the redhead bursts into laughter and is instantly sent to hell. The blonde and the brunette soldier onward. Once they get to the 800th step, the brunette doubles over in laughter and is instantly sent to hell.  St. Peter continues with the jokes, trying his hardest to get the blonde to laugh but to no avail. When they arrive at the 1000th step, before he could even open his mouth, the blonde shrieks hysterically dying from laughter. She is instantly sent to hell.  Puzzled, St. Peter descends down to hell to find the blonde. When he sees her he asks, "My child, you were doing so well. How come you started laughing? I have not even begun to tell the joke."  The blonde, still laughing, replies, "I finally got the first joke!!"
A blonde walks into a restaurant... A blonde walks into a restaurant and notices there's a "peel and win" sticker on her coffee cup. So she peels it off and starts screaming, "I've won a motorhome! I've won a motorhome!" The waitress says, "That's impossible. The biggest prize is free lunch." But the blonde keeps on screaming, "I've won a motorhome! I've won a motorhome!" Finally, the manager comes over and says, "Ma'am, I'm sorry, but you're mistaken. You couldn't have possibly won a motorhome because we didn't have that as a prize!" The blonde says, "No, it's not a mistake I've won a motorhome!" And she hands the ticket to the manager and he reads: "W I N A B A G E L"
A blonde and a redhead are planning a heist After the redhead tells the blonde the plan, they go off to the bank.  The redhead stands watch while the blonde goes in for the cash.  After a while, the blonde comes out of the bank, with a safe tied to a rope she was pulling, followed by a security guard with his pants down.  The redhead, seeing what went wrong, screams out,"NO! I told you to blow the SAFE and tie up the GUARD!!"
What did the blonde say after looking at the YMCA sign? "Hey look they spelt Macy's wrong!'
A Blond walks into a gas station A Blond walks into a gas station and asks the employee: "I locked my keys in the car. Do you have a coat hanger or something I can stick through the window to unlock the door?" Ten minutes later a trucker comes in and can't stop laughing. So the employee asks him why he is laughing. The trucker says: "There is a Blond who tries to open her car with a coat hanger!" The employee: "So what? This could happen to anyone." Trucker: "Sure, but usually there isn't another Blond in the car who yells: a little more right / a little more left! "
What did the blonde name her pet Zebra? Spot
A blonde says to another: Guess what? I solved a puzzle this morning. The other girl says: so what? What's the big deal? "Well, I solved it in half an hour when the instructions manual clearly stated '3-5 years". 
Three blond women are stuck on an island ... ...within sight of mainland but too far to swim. They stumble onto a magic lamp and a genie pops out and offers them each one wish.  The first blonde wishes she were twice as smart so she could get off the island. The genie turns her into a redhead and she finds a large piece of driftwood that gives just enough buoyancy that she manages to swim to shore.  The second blonde thinks that looks like too much energy so she wishes she were five times as smart so she could get off the island. She's turned into a brunette and starts building a raft. It takes a long time but when it's finished she floats across with little effort.  It's late now and the third blonde would like to get home both quickly and easily. She wishes she were ten times as smart, turns into a man, and walks across the bridge. 
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back
A blonde teenager, wanting to earn some extra money for the summer, decided to hire herself out as a "handy-woman"   She started  canvassing a nearby well-to-do neighborhood. She went to the front door of the  first house, and asked the owner if he had any odd jobs for her to  do.  "Well, I guess I  could use somebody to paint my porch," he said, "How much will you charge  me?"  Delighted, the  girl quickly responded, "How about $50?"  The man agreed and told her that the paint brushes and everything she would need was in the garage.  The man's wife, hearing the conversation said to her husband, "Does she realize that our porch  goes ALL the way around the house?"  He responded, "That's a bit cynical, isn't it?"  The wife replied, "You're right. I guess I'm starting to believe all those dumb blonde jokes we've been getting by email lately."  Later that day, the blonde teenager came to the door to collect her money. "You're finished  already?" the startled husband asked.  "Yes, she replied, and I even had paint left over, so I gave it two coats."   Impressed, the man reached into his pocket for the $50.00 and handed it to her along with a $10.00 tip.  “And, by the way," the teenager added, "it's not a Porch, it's a Lexus."
What does a blonde think Ecuador is? How you get into an Ecua
(Long) A blonde girl was asked to climb a Mango tree. (nsfw) So a guy was walking down the street and he sees a cute blonde girl wearing a short skirt. So he goes up to her and says, "Hey there I was wondering if you could climb that mango tree and grab that mango there for $5." "Sure why not!" she replied. After getting the mango the guy thanks her and goes on his way. Her mother saw what happened and said "don't do that next time because all he wanted was to see your panties."  "I know that's why I took them off before I climbed!" She replied.
A blonde can not sleep because she is suspicious of her husband... So, she goes over every room in the house to check if everything is OK. She opens the first door and whispers "this is my daughter" and closes the door, opens the next door and says "this is my son" and goes to the next room. While opening the door she sees a naked blonde woman in bed with her husband. She whispers "well, this is my husband and this is me". "Thanks God, everything seems OK, now I can sleep well".
A blonde and brunette were in a local Walmart A blonde and brunette were in a local Walmart when they decided to get in on the weekly charity raffle. They bought five tickets each at a dollar a pop. The following week, when the raffle was drawn, each had won a prize. The brunette won 1st place, a year's supply of gourmet spaghetti sauce and extra-long spaghetti. The blonde won 6th prize, a toilet brush. About a week or so had passed when the women met back at Wal-Mart. The blonde asked the brunette how she liked her prize, to which the brunette replied, "Great, I love spaghetti!"  "How about you? How's the toilet brush?" "Not so good," replied the blonde. "I think I'm gonna go back to paper." 
A Brunette and a Blonde are robbing the local town bank... The brunette, as the getaway driver, grows increasingly nervous as the minutes pass by and eventually sees the blonde struggling to get out of the building. As the blonde gets through the doorway the brunette finds her pulling a rope she tied around a small safe. The blonde manages to get the safe to the car just as the security guard bursts through front doors with his pants around his ankles. The brunette takes off shouting at the blonde,  "Dammit! Dammit! I told you a thousand times! *Tie up the guard* then *blow the safe*!
A blonde sits down in the first class seat on her plane. The flight attendant comes over and says "Ma'am, may I please see your ticket"  The blonde women hands her the ticket.  The flight attendant says "I'm sorry ma'am your in coach back there not first class"  The blonde says "I'm blonde, I'm beautiful and I'm going to Miami"  The Flight attendant gets the Captain and the Captain says "I'm sorry ma'am but your gonna have to go to coach"  The blonde says "I'm blonde, I'm beautiful and I'm going to Miami"  After arguing for a few minutes the blonde women takes her bags and goes to coach.  The flight attendant asked the Captain "How did you get her to leave?"  The captain replies "I told her first class doesn't land in miami."
Why was the blonde crawling on the ground in the shop? She was trying to find the lowest prices
A blonde, a redhead and a brunette are stranded on an island... Suddenly, the brunette spots land not far from the island.   She tells the other two: "I'll swim there and come back with help"   But as she is swimming, she gets tired a quarter of the way there and swims back.  The redhead says: "Don't worry, I'm confident in my ability to swim there and come back with help"  But she gets tired a third of the way there and swims back.  The blonde says: "You guys are weak. I'm sure I can get there and come back"  But she gets tired halfway there, turns around and swims back!
"wanna hear a blonde joke?" A blind guy on a bar stool shouts to the bartender, "Wanna hear a blonde joke?" In a hushed voice, the guy next to him says, “Before you tell that joke, you should know something. Our bartender is blonde, the bouncer is blonde. I’m 1.83m tall, 80kg black belt. The guy sitting next to me is 1.88m, weighs 100kg, and he’s a rugby player. The fella to your right is 1.97m, pushing 140kg, and he’s a wrestler. Each one of us is blonde. Think about it, Mister. Do you still wanna tell that joke?" The blind guy says, “Nah, not if I’m gonna have to explain it five times."
A blonde and a lawyer are seated next to each other on a flight from LA to NY. The lawyer asks if she would like to play a fun game. The blonde, tired, just wants to take a nap. Politely she declines and rolls over to the window to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists and explains that the game is easy and a lot of fun.  He explains, "I ask you a question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me $5.00, and vise versa."  Again, she declines and tries to get some sleep. The lawyer, now agitated, says, "Okay, if you don't know the answer you pay me $5.00, and if I don't know the answer, I will pay you $500.00." This catches the blonde's attention and, figuring there will be no end to this torment unless she plays, agrees to the game.  The lawyer asks the first question. "What's the distance from the earth to the moon?" The blonde doesn't say a word, reaches into her purse, pulls out a $5.00 bill and hands it to the lawyer.  "Okay," says the lawyer," your turn." She asks the lawyer, "What goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four legs?" The lawyer, puzzled, takes out his laptop computer and searches all his references. No answer. Frustrated, he sends e-mails to all his friends and coworkers, to no avail. After an hour, he wakes the blonde and hands her $500.00.  The blonde says, "Thank you," puts her head on the pillow and goes back to sleep.  The lawyer, who is more than a little miffed, wakes the blonde and asks, "Well, what's the answer?" Without a word, the blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5.00, and goes back to sleep.
What did the blonde say when she stepped on a piece of gum? Right in the heels!
Three women- a blond, a brunette, and a red head, are all about to be executed by ISIS The red head was up first. Right before she was going to be executed she yelled, “TORNADO!” All of the ISIS members took cover and she escaped. The brunette was the next in line. She followed in the red-head’s footprints and this time screamed “SANDSTORM!” The gullible ISIS members again ducked for cover while she escaped. The blonde thought to herself, “This is going to be easy. These people are idiots.” The blonde stood with a smug look on the shooting block while the ISIS leader roared, “Ready…Aim….” The blonde yelled, “FIRE!”
How do you make a blonde's brain resemble a pea? You inflate it and paint it green.
The blonde and ventriloquist A blond woman goes into a pub, where a ventriloquist sits at the scene with a puppet who tells the one blonde joke after the other. After a while the blonde gets angry and goes up to the ventriloquist and says: "shut up about all the blonde jokes, we are not that stupid". The ventriloquist then replies: "Sorry, but these are just jokes, you are not supposed to take them seriously". "I was not talking to you, I was talking to that little bastard on your lap". 
A blonde walks into a bank A blonde walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the loan officer. She says she's going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5,000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so the blonde hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce. The car is parked on the street in front of the bank; she has the title, and everything checks out. The bank agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. The bank's president and its officers all enjoy a good laugh at the blonde for using a $250,000 Rolls as collateral against a $5,000 loan. An employee of the bank then drives the Rolls into the bank's underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, the blonde returns and repays the $5,000 and the interest, which comes to $15.41. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very nicely; but we are a little puzzled. We checked you out and found out that you are a multimillionaire. What puzzles us is - why would you bother to borrow $5,000?" The blond replies....."Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
A Blonde's Brain Q: What do you call a blonde with two brain cells?  A: Pregnant.  
Why are blonde jokes so short? So men can remember them.
What do you call a smart blonde? A Golden Retriever.
A blond woman goes to an electronics shop She asks the sales assistant "how much does that TV cost?"   Sales assistant : "sorry mam, we don't sell TV's to blonde woman."  Next day, the woman colors her hair black and into the same shop   She asks the sales assistant "how much does that TV cost?"   Sales assistant : "sorry mam, we don't sell TV's to blonde woman."  On the third day, she colors her hair red and again goes to same shop  She asks the sales assistant "how much does that TV cost?"   Sales assistant : "sorry mam, we don't sell TV's to blonde woman."  Woman :" how do you know everytime that I'm blonde ? "  Sales assistant :" because that's no a TV, it is an oven ".  Edit: sorry for typo in title. English NFL. 
A blonde was on vacation in Louisiana with her boyfriend She wanted to take home a pair of genuine alligator shoes, but didn't want to pay a fortune for them. So she headed out to the swamp, determined to catch herself an alligator. Her boyfriend stayed at the hotel. Later that day, she stood waist deep in the murky bayou water, shotgun in hand. She heard the unmistakable purr of a full-grown gator, spotted it drifting by and shot it dead! She pulled it out of the water and examined it. "Nope... no good!" she said and headed back for more. She did this all day, killing upwards of a dozen gators before heading back to the hotel in defeat. As she flopped down on the bed, her boyfriend asked: "Did you catch any gators?" "Yeah," replied the disappointed and exhausted blonde, "but they were all barefoot!"
My blonde girlfriend and her Windows My girlfriend who happens to be blonde has still not upgraded her PC to Windows 10 but still continues to use version 7.  When I ask her why, she just changes the subject.  Finally I convince her to do the update, and then she calls me quite upset and says, "Honey, where the hell is the 'any' key?!"
Why did the blonde call an exterminator? Her computer had a bug...
A blonde walks into a bank A blonde walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the loan officer. She says she's going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5,000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so the blonde hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce. The car is parked on the street in front of the bank; she has the title, and everything checks out. The bank agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. The bank's president and its officers all enjoy a good laugh at the blonde for using a $250,000 Rolls as collateral against a $5,000 loan. An employee of the bank then drives the Rolls into the bank's underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, the blonde returns and repays the $5,000 and the interest, which comes to $15.41. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very nicely; but we are a little puzzled. We checked you out and found that you are a multimillionaire. What puzzles us is - why would you bother to borrow $5,000?" The blond replies....."Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
Blonde A blonde goes to a restaurant, buys a coffee and sits down to drink it. She looks on the side of her cup and she finds a peel-off prize. She pull off the tab and yells, "I WON! I WON! I WON a motor home; I WON a motor home!"  The waitress runs over and says, "That's impossible. The biggest prize given away was a mini van!"  The blonde replies, "No. I WON A motor home, I WON a motor home!"  By this time the manager makes his way over to the table and says, "You couldn't possibly have won a motor home because we didn't have that as a prize!" Again the blonde says, "No, no mistake, I WON a motor home, I WON a motor home!" The blonde hands the prize ticket to the manager and he reads, "WIN A BAGEL."  
A blonde walks into a salon with headphones over her ears... ... the hairstylist she goes to is baffled by the headphones, and when he tries to take them off, the blonde swats his hand and says, "No!  Don't take them off!"  So the stylist cuts around them.  The blonde becomes a regular to the salon, always wearing the headphones.  One day, the stylist becomes so angry with the woman, and take off the headphones.  When he does, the blonde falls to floor and is unconscious.  The stylist freaks out and immediately checks on the blonde.  She isn't breathing.  He sits for a second and wonders, "What the hell was she listening to?", so he puts the headphones over his ears and hears "Breathe in, breathe out... breathe in, breathe out..."
A blonde goes on a hot date A blonde goes on a hot date and ends up making out with the guy in his car. The guy asks if she would like to go in the backseat.  "No!" yells the blonde.  Things get even hotter, and the guy asks again.  "For the last time, no!" says the blonde. Frustrated, the guy asks, "Well, why the hell not?"  The blonde says, "Because I wanna stay up here with you!"
My brother is a blonde He found out my password and all I needed to do was change 0 digits and he couldn't guess it
Blonde on a plane A blonde was on a plane, traveling for business. During the flight the captain came over the PA and said, "Attention passengers, don't be alarmed, but we have lost power to one of our engines. No need to panic, we will just be delayed by a half an hour."  A while later the captain came made another announcement, "Attention, passengers, we have lost power to a second engine. No need to be alarmed we have two more engines to take us the rest of the way. We will just be delayed another hour and a half."  A while after that the captain made a third announcement, "Attention, passengers, we have lost power to our third engine. No need to be alarmed we have one engine working at full capacity to take us the rest of the way. We will just be delayed another couple hours."  After hearing these announcements the blonde turned to the person next to her and said, "Dang, if the last engine loses power, we'll be stuck up here all day!"
Why did the blonde go to the drive-in theatre in September? She wanted to see "Closed for the Winter"
Blonde Jokes I could have been a karma whore and posted these one by one but here is a very long list of good blonde jokes. ------------------------------------------------------------------------- A blonde enters a store that sells curtains. She tells the salesman, "I would like to buy a pair of pink curtains."     The salesman assures her that they have a large selection of pink curtains. He shows her several patterns, but the blonde seems to have a hard time choosing.     Finally she selects a lovely pink floral print. The salesman then asks what size curtains she needs.     The blonde promptly replies, "Fifteen inches."     "Fifteen inches?" asked the salesman. "That sounds very small - what room are they for?"     The blonde tells him that they aren't for a room, but they are for her computer monitor.     The surprised salesman replies, "But miss, computers do not need curtains!"     The blond says, "Hellllooooooooo! I've got Windoooooows!"  --------  Jack, a handsome man, walked into a sports bar around 9:58 pm.  He sat down next to this blonde at the bar and stared up at the TV... The 10:00 news was on. The news crew was covering a story of a man on a ledge of a large building preparing to jump.  The blonde looked at Jack and said,  "Do you think he'll jump?" Jack says, "You know what, I bet he will."  The blonde replied, "Well, I bet he won't."  Jack placed $30 on the bar and said, "You're on!"    Just as the blonde placed her money on the bar, the guy did a swan dive off of the building, falling to his death.  The blonde was very upset and handed her $30 to Jack, saying, "Fair's fair... Here's your money."  Jack replied, "I can't take your money, I saw this earlier on the 5 o'clock news and knew he would jump.    "The blonde replies, "I did too;  but I didn't think he'd do it again."  Jack took the money...  ---------  A blonde lady motorist was about two hours from San Diego when she was flagged down by a man whose truck had broken down.   The man walked up to the car and asked, "Are you going to San Diego?"  "Sure," answered the blonde, "do you need a lift?"  "Not for me. I'll be spending the next three hours fixing my truck. My problem is I've got two chimpanzees in the back which have to be taken to the San Diego Zoo. They're a bit stressed already so I don't want to keep them on the road all day. Could you possibly take them to the zoo for me? I'll give you $100 for your trouble."   "I'd be happy to," said the blonde. So the two chimpanzees were ushered into the back seat of the blonde's car and carefully strapped into their seat belts. Off they went.   Five hours later, the truck driver was driving through the heart of San Diego when suddenly he was horrified!! There was the blonde walking down the street and holding hands with the two chimps, much to the amusement of a big crowd.   With a screech of brakes he pulled off the road and ran over to the blonde.  What in the world are you doing here?" he demanded. "I gave you $100 to take these chimpanzees to the zoo."   "Yes, I know you did," said the blonde," but we had money left over -- so now we're going to Sea World."  ---------  Two blondes living in Oklahoma were sitting on a bench talking, and one blonde says to the other, 'Which do you think is farther away... Florida or the moon?'  The other blonde turns and says 'Helloooooooo, can you see Florida ???  ------  A blonde pushes her BMW into a gas station. She tells the mechanic it died. After he works on it for a few minutes, it is idling smoothly. She says, 'What's the story?'  He replies, 'Just crap in the carburetor'  She asks, 'How often do I have to do that?'  ------  A police officer stops a blonde for speeding and asks her very nicely if he could see her license.  She replied in a huff, 'I wish you guys would get your act together. Just yesterday you take away my license and then today you expect me to show it to you!'  ------  There's this blonde out for a walk. She comes to a river and sees another blonde on the opposite bank. 'Yoo-hoo!' she shouts, 'How can I get to the other side?'  The second blonde looks up the river then down the river and shouts back, 'You ARE on the other side.'  ------  A gorgeous young redhead goes into the doctor's office and said that her body hurt wherever she touched it. 'Impossible!' says the doctor. 'Show me.'  The redhead took her finger, pushed on her left shoulder and screamed, then she pushed her elbow and screamed even more. She pushed her knee and screamed; likewise she pushed her ankle and screamed. Everywhere she touched made her scream.  The doctor said, 'You're not really a redhead, are you?  'Well, no' she said, 'I'm actually a blonde.'  'I thought so,' the doctor said. 'Your finger is broken.'  ------  A highway patrolman pulled alongside a speeding car on the freeway. Glancing at the car, he was astounded to see that the blonde behind the wheel was knitting!  Realizing that she was oblivious to his flashing lights and siren, the trooper cranked down his window, turned on his bullhorn and yelled, 'PULL OVER!'  'NO!' the blonde yelled back, 'IT'S A SCARF!'  ------  A Russian, an American, and a Blonde were talking one day.  The Russian said, 'We were the first in space!'  The American said, 'We were the first on the moon!'  The Blonde said, 'So what? We're going to be the first on the sun!'  The Russian and the American looked at each other and shook their heads. 'You can't land on the sun, you idiot! You'll burn up!' said the Russian.  To which the Blonde replied, 'We're not stupid, you know. We're going at night!'  ------  A blonde was playing Trivial Pursuit one night. It was her turn. She rolled the dice and she landed on Science &amp; Nature. Her question was, 'If you are in a vacuum and someone calls your name, can you hear it?'  She thought for a time and then asked, 'Is it on or off?'  ------  A girl was visiting her blonde friend, who had acquired two new dogs, and asked her what their names were.  The blonde responded by saying that one was named Rolex and one was named Timex.  Her friend said, 'Whoever heard of someone naming dogs like that?'  'HELLLOOOOOOO......,' answered the blonde. 'They're watch dogs!' 
A blonde goes to a dairy farm. She asks for enough milk to fill a bathtub.  The farmer says, "Do you think you should get the milk from a grocery store, so it will be pasteurized?"  The blonde says, "No.  I only want it up to my tits."
A blonde, brunette, and red head were on top of a magic mountain A blonde, brunette, and red head were on top of a magic mountain. The myth of the mountain was that if you jumped off of it and yelled out what you wanted to be, you would instantly turn into it.  The brunette jumped off and said she wanted to be an Eagle, so she turned into an Eagle and flew away.  Next, the redhead jumped off and said she wanted to be a cat. So, she landed on all fours and walked away.  Then the blonde got a running start, tripped over a rock, and yelled... "CRAP! 
Blonde wins a lottery. Maria won a lottery worth 5 million.  Stevo thought he would break it down slowly to not overwhelm her.  Called her:  Stevo: Hello mam, I am from xyz lottery you purchased a ticket number 123456. If you were to win 1 million what would you do?  Maria: I would strip naked for you.  Stevo a little taken a back harbouring a stiffy a nerd that he was.  Stevo: Well, what if you were to win 2.5 million?  Maria: I would let you fuck me as many times you want.  Stevo really getting into it now.  What if you won 5 million?  Maria: I would even let have anal with me, and would give half the money to you.  Well that's how Stevo ended up in E.R. scheduled for heart surgery. With stains all over his pants.
Blonde Confusion Q: How do you confuse a blonde? A: Tell her a blonde joke.
