An Amish family goes to New York... An Amish family from Pennslyvania decides to go to the Big Apple for the first Time in their lives; Mother, Father and their son. They go into the Empire State Building. As they're walking around they notice the elevator. Never seeing one before they stand in front of it bewildered. While staring at it, an old lady in a wheelchair rolls up to it, pushes the button, the door opens, she rolls herself inside and the door closes. The amish family watches as the lights for each floor light as it goes up. They continue to watch as the numbers go down again. The door opens and out walks this tall gorgeous blonde. Legs to her neck. Great figure. Beautiful! Paw looks at his son and says, "Quick boy, get your mother in there!"
Fishing with Jesus A guy is out in a canoe fishing with Jesus when while reeling in a fish he gets a little excited and knocks the ores overboard. Oh shit now what are we going to do? Relax say's Jesus I got this, and gets out and walks over to the paddles, grabs them and walks back to the canoe.Later on in the bar the guy's buddies are asking him about his day fishing with the man and asking all kinds of questions, whats he like?is he a good fisherman? and he tells them all about the day in great detail.At the end of the night he turns to his buddies and say's, you know there was one thing about him I found strange.What's that? they asked.I don't think he can swim!!
A muslim walks into a bar The bartender asks "what will you have?" The Muslim replies "shots for everyone"
Popeye took a drive On his drive Popeye saw a sign that said "olives for sale" He got really mad and said to himself "I knew that bitch was hooking!"
What do you call an Amish person with his hand in a horses mouth? A mechanic
Those silly Catholics.... How do you get a nun pregnant??  Dress her up like an alter boy ^.^
Muslims in the US [Removed]
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash
What is the top selling protein with Jewish People (May be offensive) YahWhey
Do most Jews live and die on the west or east coast? Neither, the most live and die on the holo-coast.
A joke my Dad's father told my Catholic mother the first time they met A 78 year old man goes to the doctors. He sits down and excitedly says "Doc, I've got myself a date tonight! She's 30 years old and I want to show her a good time. I'm going to need something to help get things started downstairs, if you catch my drift"  The doctor says "I can offer you a new form of full strength viagra, but I warn you, this should be taken very seriously. Once the pill gets to work you'll be as solid as a rock for at least 3 hours and as long as 12 hours."  "Yeah no worries doc, i'll be safe" and with that the old man walks out, miracle pill in hand and a spring in his step.   The following day the doctor calls in his first patient and it's the old man. The doctor says "They worked then! Are you here for another?"  The old man replies "Nope, I just need something for my arthritis, she never showed up" 
How does a jew make his coffee ? Hebrews it 
What is the difference between Jesus Christ, and a Mexican? Jesus doesn't have a tattoo of a Mexican anywhere.
It's No Fun Being a Catholic Alter Boy It's a horribly boring job, and the other alter boys make fun of me. I tried talking to my priest about it, but I still went home butthurt.
The Incredible Hulk became a muslim. Now his new catchphrase is "i slam".
A Muslim walks into a gay bar. The bartender asks him, "What can I get you?" He replies, "I'll get a round of shots for everybody."   (Too soon?)
I would make a joke about the jews... But I'm not one for cheap humor.
A Jewish woman marries a Saudi prince, and her mom is very upset. NSFW The daughter invites her mom to live with them in his palace.  After a month, the daughter goes into her mom's room one morning, interrupting her Mom's daily massage.    She tells her mom, "Mom, things aren't going so great.  All he wants is anal sex.  When we got married, my asshole was the size of a dime, now it's the size of a silver dollar"  Her mom looks up at her from the massage table and says, "So for ninety cents you're gonna make trouble?"
What's the difference between Jews and the GOP? Jews always pass the bill.
Jesus wouldn't make a good cheerleader..... Because he can only do lower case t's.
Kid: "Did Jesus die a virgin?" Me: "Nope. He got nailed in the end."
Why is Jesus Bat at Playing Catch? He has holes in his hands!  Just going to leave this posted here, knowing it'll get buried.  Hopefully someone will find it after three days.
I once knew a Muslim kid that was notoriously late for everything. I called him 9/12
Jesus is inside me But sometimes I think he's just using me
A jew runs into the synagogue... "Rabbi, Rabbi! My son just got back from a trip to Jerusalem, and he's become a Christian!"   "Funny you should mention that," says the Rabbi, "My son, too, visited Jerusalem, and he, too, came back a Christian."   Suddenly, from the very walls of the synagogue, booms a mighty voice: "**Funny you should mention that...**"
A jew is moving from USSR to Israel A jew is moving from USSR to Israel and in his luggage he has a sculpture of Lenin . At the Russian border he is asked:   -What is this? The jew answers    -The question is not what is this but who is this . This is Lenin and I want to bring him to my home country to preach how great Russia is and how good of an example Lenin is . They let him pass   At the Israel border he is stopped once again and asked   -What is this ? The jew answers    -The question is not what is this but who is this .This is Lenin the tyrant of Russia who is having Russia under his boot and woudn't let a simple man like me create a busyness. They let him pass   Once he gets home his family asks him -Who is this ?    The jew answers    -The question is not who is this but what is this .This is a 20 pound pure gold bust that I managed to smuggle out of Russia   
A new Jewish convert goes to his rabbi before his wedding. He says "Rabbi, it is such an honour to join your beautiful community and I can't wait to be wed in the old traditional ways. But I still have a few questions about how things go on the wedding night."  The rabbi says "Ask away." The groom-to-be asks the rabbi "Can I dance with my wife and mother following the ceremony." The Rabbi says "No. As you know,when we celebrate and drink and dance, the men and women are always kept separate. So no dancing with your wife, no dancing with your mother, no dancing with your sister, no dancing with your cousin, no dancing"  The young man then says "Ok. But after the reception, when my wife and I go home to our bed, can we make love?" The rabbi says "Of course. It's a mitzvah to love your wife and it's a beautiful thing when a husband and wife show their love for each other."  The young man asks "Can we make love with me on top?" The rabbi says "If that is how you want to do it then yes." The young man asks "Can we do it with my wife on top?" The rabbi says "If that is what you want then yes." The young man asks "Can we do it from behind like dogs?" The rabbi answers "If that is what you want then yes." The young man asks "Can we make love on the couch?" The rabbi answers "Yes, of course." "Can we make love on the floor?" "Yes, of course" said the rabbi. "How about the kitchen counter?" "Yes, of course you can" said the rabbi. "Can we do it standing up?" the rabbi said "No, not standing up!" "Why not?" asked the young man. "It could lead to dancing" 
Why are so many doctors Jewish? Because their mothers are.
Why else do women love Jesus? Because he promises a second coming.
Jesus rose on the 8th day, so Pilate had to crucify him again Sorry, repost.
What did the court say about the sexual assault of a pope on a 14 yo girl? "Eh, it's just a minor problem"
Jesus, the son of God, was bi He loved everyone.
Jesus walks into a hotel... Lays a handful of nails on the counter and says put me up for the night.
Why did Jesus use his hands to bless people? Because his hands were holey...
How did Joseph react when Mary shocked him that she was pregnant with Jesus? "Mother of God..."
The pope's always surrounded by so much security.   Why can't he just keep his hands to himself?
An old jewish lady wins in a lottery... After being asked what will be the first tning she does money, she says: ''I shall build a huge monument of Adolf Hitler.'' The questioner responds: ''But why? Didn't he kill your entire family?'' The jewish lady points at her hand and says: ''Wel, he was an idiot, but he sure as hell got the numbers right!'' 
"Jesus loves you" Nice if you're in church, downright horrific if you're in a Mexican prison.
Did you hear about the Muslim sex doll? It blows itself up!
Jesus Christ may have fed 2000 people with bread and wine... But Adolf Hitler made 6 million Jews toast
Rumor has it the Amish and the Japanese are working on a new vehicle together... ...they plan on calling it the ToYoder.
A young black Jew asks his father, "Dad, am I more black or more Jew?"... "Why do you ask?" asks the Dad.  The boy says, "Well, a guy at school has a bike for sale for $150 and I can't decide if I want to haggle him down to $100, or just steal it."
An altar boy was cleaning up the church. He took a bunch of old Jesus pamphlets and went to throw them in the trash. The priest saw this and yelled, "Stop! Jesus needs to be recycled!"
Praise Jesus! Today you will walk. The preacher laid his hands on my head and said, “Praise Jesus, today you will walk!”  "But I'm not paralyzed."  The Rabbi came, laid his hands on my hand and said, “By the will of God Almighty, you will walk today!  The Mullah came, took my hands and said, “Insha Allah, you will walk today!”  The Hindu sadhu came and said "Beta, you will walk on your legs today."  The Buddhist Monk came, held my hands and said, “By the will of The Great Buddha, you will walk today!”  I stepped outside and found my car had been stolen.     
A girl goes to a date with a Jewish guy They sit on a hill at night, looking at the stars. The guy seems very shy, and so they sit in silence.  Wanting to break the awkward silence, the girl says "A penny for your thoughts", the guy smiles and replies "Well... will you hug me?", she gets closer and he puts his arm around her.  A few minutes pass and once again, they sit in silence. The tries again: "A penny for your thoughts" the guy blushes and says "Well... will you kiss me?", the girl giggles and they kiss.  A good half-hour passes and once again, they sit in silence. The girl desperately wants the date to end well, so she says "A penny for your thoughts". The guy turns red and says "Well... this time my thoughts are way more serious...". Excited, they girl says "Tell me!"  The guy opens his hand and says: "Isn't it about time you give me those two pennies from earlier?"
What do you call a transhuman Jew? Cyberg 
You can feel safe when you're close to Muslims and you're alone They don't try to get the assault trophy, but the team slayer one. 
A jewish man walks into a bar He orders a water, the bartender says "you'll have to pay for that" the Jew says "why it's a fucking water!!" The bartender says "you're a Jew, you're cheap and this is payback!!"
Who was the best jew baker? Hitler
Jesus fed 2000 Jews fish and bread. Hitler made 6 million Jews toast.
Why do Jewish people become rich? They don't Passover good business opportunities.
I keep trying Jesus jokes But can't quite nail 'em
The Pope is in the back of a limo. He strikes up a conversation with the driver. "This is a pretty nice limo. You know, I can't even remember the last time I drove a car.  It must be at least forty years."  The driver, wanting nothing but to please his high holiness, offers to let the Pope drive for a while.  The Pope, wide eyed, immediately accepts the offer.  They pull over and switch places.  The driver noticed it had clearly been more than 40 years as the Pope swerved all over the road, nearly causing accidents at every swerve.  In no time they are pulled over.  One of the cops gets out of the patrol car and goes to check on what's up.  After less than ten seconds, his partner sees him walking slowly back to the car, dumbfounded; mouth open as the limo slowly pulls back into traffic.  "What the hell happened?" said the partner.  "Look man, I don't know who the hell was in that limo but he's got the damn POPE driving him around!"
A muslim walks into a gay bar The bartender ask what he'll be having. The Muslim replies, shots for everybody﻿.
Muslim kids… They blow up so fast these days. 
A jew shouts 'Heil Hitler' He just won the lottery with the numbers tattooed on his arm.
Jesus and Moses go fishing Jesus gets his line stuck in a tree and decides to walk across the water to get it untangled. He takes a step out of the boat but immediately sinks underwater. As he's climbing back in Moses is laughing his ass off. Jesus asks "Whats so funny?"  Moses says "I bet it would be a lot easier without those holes in your feet. 
What do you call a potato that wants to round up the Jews an put them into concentrations camps? A dick tater
What was the last thing the Roman Soldier said to Jesus as he was nailing him to the cross? Mind crossing your legs? I only have one nail left.
How do we know Jesus was Irish? He lived at home til he was 30, had 12 drinking buddies and his mother thought he was God.
Muslim babe? What do you say about a Muslim woman with a nice face, a decent ass, and believes the descendants of Muhammad ought to be Caliph?  She aight. 
Two Jewish duck hunters make a kill on the same waterfowl But who takes the bill? 
Jesus was at his crusifixion. After the nails were struck into his flesh.  Jesus said:"welp, i'm screwed."   And the romans replied:"no fool, you are nailed."  
Jesus is watching A couple of men enters a house to steal some stuff.  Suddenly an echo within the room says " Jesus is watching you"  Both of them got startled and started to look for the source of the noise.  One of the men shined a flashlight on a cage on found a parrot, the parrot said "Jesus is watching you"  One of the man laughed and asked, "what's your name little birdy?"  "Moses" replied the parrot  The other man asked, "who the hell named a parrot Moses?"  The parrot replied "The same guy who named his rottweiler Jesus"
Marcus and Yacov, two Hasidic Jews,  went to Pincus the tailor for new suits.  "Pincus," Yacov said, "the last time we came to you for new suits, we told you we wanted black suits. The suits you made were not black. They were sort of dark grey maybe, but not black, We need new suits, and this time we want black suits, from the darkest cloth there is."  Pincus reached behind for a bolt of cloth and he said, "See this cloth? It is from this fabric that I make the habits for nuns. In all the world," Pincus said, fingering the bolt of fabric, "there is no blacker cloth than the cloth I make nun's habits from, and it is from this cloth that I'll make your new suits!"  A few weeks later the two Hasidic Jews were walking down the street in their new suits when they passed two nuns. Impulsively, on a whim, one of the men went up to one of the nuns. He grabbed her sleeve and held it up against his own.  Then, in an angry voice, he muttered something to his friend and they both walked on.  "What did that man want?" one nun asked the other.  "I don't know," she replied. "he looked at my garment, said something in Latin, and left."  "In Latin?" asked the first nun. "What did he say?"  He said, "Marcus, Pincus fuctus." 
A Jew meet an Arab at the zoo.. While they are walking around the Lions display suddenly one of the lions breaks free, terrified the Arab screams to their Jew "Hurry let's run!" to the Jew that is tying his sports shoes, the Jew stops for a moment and says "I only have to run faster than you"   Have a good whatever! 
What is the difference between jesus and a picture one is a JPEG, the other is J pegged. 
A jew, a nazi, and a globalist walk into a bar. Bartender says, "Evening George Soros!"
We've all heard the old joke 'how many Jews can you fit in a car?', well how many trans-gendered people can you fit in a car? Well that depends... are they Jewish?
What do you say when a Muslim claims to be a 7-11 type of guy, not a 9-11 type? Ooh only two points to go? Keep trying
Jesus and Oedipus walk into a bar Bartender says "Holy mother fucking Christ!"
Jesus, Moses, and an old man are playing golf Jesus hits the ball, it goes down the fairway, rolls over the water and goes straight in front of the hole. An easy hole in 2  Moses hits the ball down the fairway, at the moment before the ball plunges into the water, he lifts his golf club and the water parts. The ball rolls straight in front of the hole. Another easy hole in 2  The old man hits the ball, it goes into the sky, hits the moon, goes back onto the course, bounces off a person's shoe, goes back into the sky, orbits the sun in 14 seconds, comes back down to earth and goes straight into the hole.  "A hole in one!" The old man says.  Moses turns to Jesus and says:  "Damnit Jesus, I hate it when we play with your dad!"
What do you call it when Jesus turns his blood to wine? Holy spirits
Why were Jesus' hands nailed to the cross? *Because both of his arms were broken.*
A Jewish son asks his Jewish father for $50 The dad responds "$40?! What the hell do you need $30 for?!"
Why couldn't Jesus ride on a water-ski? Cos he didn't exist!
Judas: C'mon Jesus, we're gonna be late for the last supper! Jesus: The what??  Judas: ...the supper, we're gonna be late for supper...
Where's the highest density of Jews in the world right now? In the stratosphere.
What's the difference between American women and Muslim women? American women get stoned **before** sex.
Why don't Jews like clarification? It's anti-semantic
A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while... Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian.  The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend. The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd.  I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."  So the two of them went to see the Rabbi.  They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians.  The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd.  I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there.  The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray.  They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians." There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . "
A recently discovered European WWII era manuscript tells the story of a young Jewish girl who often had liquidy bowel movements. It's called *"The Diarrhea of Anne Frank."*
If Jesus died for our sins Who died for our cos and tan then?
Top Ten Signs Your Amish Teen Is In Trouble Sometimes stays in bed till after 6 am.  In his sock drawer, you find pictures of women without bonnets.   Shows up at barn raisings in full "Kiss" makeup.   When you criticize him, he yells, "Thou suck!"   His name is Jebediah, but he goes by "Jeb Daddy."   Defiantly says, "If I had a radio, I'd listen to rap!"   You come upon his secret stash of colorful socks.    Uses slang expression: "Talk to the hand, cause the beard ain't listening."   Was recently pulled over for "driving under the  influence of cottage cheese."   He's wearing his big black hat backwards! 
Jesus can walk on water Cucumbers are 98% water   I can walk on cucumbers  Conclusion: I am 98% Jesus 
What is the difference between a Conservative Jewish wedding, an Orthodox Jewish wedding, and a Reform Jewish wedding? At a Conservative wedding the bride is pregnant. At an Orthodox wedding the bride's mother is pregnant. At a Reform wedding the rabbi is pregnant.
Atheist v Catholic An atheist and a Catholic were having a conversation. 'You know, I feel sorry for you', said the Catholic. 'You're like a blind man with a blindfold in a pitch black room, searching for a black cat that isn't there'.  'Funny you should say that', said the atheist, 'Because you remind me of a blind man with a blindfold in a pitch black room, searching for a black cat that isn't there. Only difference is, you found it'.
What do you call a Muslim mosquito? A mosqueito.
Jesus is on the cross, and his strength is fading... Peter kneels at the bottom of the cross, devoted to the end.  "Peter..." Jesus cries, his voice halting, "Peter... Take this nail from my left hand..."  "Yes, My Lord!" Peter climbs up the cross and slowly... works the nail free from the cross. Jesus' left hand falls free.   "Thank you, Peter... Now, please, take this nail... from my right hand..."  "Yes, My Lord!" Peter scrambles up the cross and steadily, carefully removes the nail from Jesus' right hand.  And Jesus says, "THE FEET, PETER, THE FEET!"
What's the difference between boyscouts and Jews? Boyscouts come back from their camps.
Three Jewish Mothers Three Jewish mothers are sitting on a park bench in Miami Beach talking about (what else?) how much their sons love them.  Sadie says "You know the Chagall painting hanging in my living room? My son, Arnold, bought that for me for my 75th birthday. What a good boy he is and how much he loves his mother."  Minnie says,"You call that love? You know the Eldorado Cadillac I just got for Mother's Day? That's from my son Bernie. What a doll."  Natalie says "That's nothing. You know my son Joshua? He's in analysis with a psychoanalyst on Park Ave. Five session a week. And what does he talk about? Me!"
What do you call a Jewish dating website? Ju-date-ism.
Jesus Is Watching You! A burglar broke into a house one night. He shined his flashlight around, looking for valuables, and when he picked up a CD player to place in his pack, a strange, disembodied voice echoed from the dark saying, "Jesus is watching you."  He nearly jumped out of his skin, clicked his flashlight out, and froze. When he heard nothing more after a bit, he shook his head, promised himself a vacation after the next big score, then clicked the light on and began searching for more valuables. Just as he pulled the stereo out so he could disconnect the wires, clear as a bell he heard,  "Jesus is watching you." Freaked out, he shone his light around frantically, looking for the source of the voice. Finally, in the corner of the room, his flashlight beam came to rest on a parrot. "Did you say that?", he hissed at the parrot.  "Yep," the parrot confessed, then squawked, "I'm just trying to warn you."  The burglar relaxed. "Warn me, huh? Who in the world are you?"  "Moses," replied the bird.  "Moses?" the burglar laughed. "What kind of people would name a bird Moses?"  "The kind of people that would name a rottweiller Jesus."
What do you get when you cross a gay man and a Jew? A hit Broadway musical!
Why do women love Jesus so much? Because he's well hung.
Why do women love Jesus? They know he'll come again, and it'll be a while until then.
What is the difference between Jesus and a painting of Jesus? The painting is real. 
What's the worst part about being a black jew? You have to sit at the back of the gas chamber.
Did you hear that the Pope is in the hospital with the bird flu? I guess he caught it from a Cardinal.
I'm a Sikh and tired of being called a Muslim. We're the 7-ELEVEN guys not the 9/11 guys.
I am spending my Easter like Jesus... I'm going out Friday and coming back Sunday.
A Jewish man with an erection walks into a bar The Erection takes a seat. The Jewish man takes a seat beside him.
I think it is possible to be pro-nazi without personally wanting the extermination of the jews. I would never kill the jews myself, but if other nazis want to, that's their Reich.
Joke for LoL, Dota2, and smite players. Why are Jewish junglers the worst? They always die at the first camp. 
Why doesn't Jesus play hockey anymore? He kept getting nailed to the boards. 
Jesus and Moses Were Playing A Round Of Golf After a few holes, Moses shanks one into the water hazard. Not wanting to mess up his game, he turns to Jesus and says "Watch this"  He raises his golf club and parts the water hazard, and walks down to continue from where the ball fell.   A little while later Jesus's ball ends up in the same hazard, not wanting to be outdone by Moses, he turns to him and says "Okay, check this out", and starts walking across the water  A few steps in, he sinks. After climbing out, Moses turns to him and asks what the problem was.   Jesus replies, "Well, I didn't have these holes in my feet the last time I did that"
I like my chicken how I like my Jews Extra crispy
The Pope and an Athiest discuss God The Pope and an atheist decided to debate the existence of God.  At first the debate was reasonable and reasoned, but after some time it became more and more heated; until finally the Pope snapped at the Atheist:  "How can you deny the existence of the Almighty when you can see the mystereies and wonders of the universe all around you?  You are like a blindfolded man in a pitch-black room looking for a black cat...that isn't there."  The Atheist thought for a moment and replied:  "With all respect, your Holiness, we two are not as dissimilar as you believe."  "How so?" the Pope asked, incredulously.  "Well...you too are like that blindfolded man in the dark room looking for a black cat that isn't there.  The only difference is you have found it." 
How many Muslims does it take to screw in a light bulb? Sorry, punchlines are unavailable for this joke.
What does Jewish Superman say when he takes off ? Up Up and Oy Vey !  (For some reason this is just fun to say out loud)
What did Jesus's girlfriend say in bed? I hope he comes again
The pope walks into a bar... That's the joke; that would never happen.
[LONG] At Jesus's crucifixion... At the crucifixion of Jesus the crowds had gathered and Peter was among them. Through the noise Peter heard something. He perked up and looked around only to hear it again, but louder. After searching for the culprit he hears it again. It's a whisper. He looks at the cross and sees Jesus's lips move ever so slightly when he hears it again. "Peter... Peter my son..."    He pushes through the crowd as fast as he can, barging past the guards and dropping to his knees at the base of the cross. With tears in his eyes, his arms raised as he looks up, he shouts "Yes Lord? How may I serve you my savior?" He sees Jesus look down on him, and again, his lips barely move.    "Peter... My son... I can see your house from here."
What do you call a jew with no arms? Jew-ish
How does Moses troll Jesus? He parts the water that Jesus is trying to walk on
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You don't need a cross to hang the picture.
What's the best way to pick up a Jewish girl? A dustpan
Jesus' life told by the bible 1. baby 2. ??? 3. prophet
Jesus said to Peter "come forth and I shall grant you eternal glory" But Peter came fifth and won a toaster
Two beggars, a Jew and a Christian Are sitting outside a church on a Sunday collecting money.  As all the people leave the church, they see the two beggars and most give money specifically to the Christian, some even give more than they usually would just to spite the Jew.  The last one to leave the church is the priest.  The Father sees what has transpired and takes pity on the Jew.  He turns to him and says, "You know, you're sitting outside a church and many here are just giving money to the man next to you out of spite, why don't you go somewhere you can collect more successfully?" The Jew turns to the Christian, "Moshe, check out this Goy, trying to teach us how to beg for money". 
Why did the machines attacked a Jewish man in Israel? Because he was a Zionist.
How do Catholics spend money online? Papal.
A Catholic Priest told this joke at a Wedding. Adam woke up in the Garden of Eden.   After a while of wandering around he became sad.   God came to him and asked "Adam, why are you sad? I have created this amazing garden for you."   Adam replies, "Why does every other being have mate and I do not?"  God replies " Very well I will create for you a perfect mate. But it will cost you an arm and a leg."  Adam thinks for a bit and then replies "What can I get for a rib?" 
A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while . . . A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while. Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian. The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend. The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the two of them went to see the Rabbi. They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray. They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians." There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . "
Why did the Romans kill Jesus? They were cross with him.
Why do Muslim men always beat their wives? Wouldn't you if she started screaming "Allahu akbar" over and over again during sex? 
What do you get if you cross a gay man with a Jewish man? A hit Broadway musical.
So, God, Jesus, Mohammed and Allah are having an orgy... ... Holy fuck.
Why do women love Jesus so much? Because he promised a second coming!
A Jew, Greek, Italian and an Asian all die in a car crash They all go up to God to see if they will go to hell or to heaven. They have all sinned but they all beg for another chance but with 4 rules, 1 for each. The Italian must not go into a pizzeria, the Asian must not do any equations, the Jew must not pick up money and the Greek must not have anal sex. They agree to these guidelines and are all sent back to earth. One day the Italian really wants pizza and accidentally steps into a pizzeria, sending him straight to hell. The same day the Asian is getting paranoid if he does equations and calculates the probability of him going to hell and in doing so is sent straight to hell. Again, on the same day, the Jew is walking down the street when he sees a coin. He bends over and the Greek goes to hell. 
Driver and the Pope After getting all of Pope Francis's luggage loaded into the limo at the airport, (and he doesn't travel light), the driver notices the Pope is still standing on the kerb.  'Excuse me, Your Holiness,' says the driver, 'Would you please take your seat so we can leave?'  'Well, to tell you the truth,' says the Pope, 'they never let me drive at the Vatican , and I'd really like to drive today.'  "I'm sorry, Your Holiness, but I cannot let you do that. I'd lose my job! What if something should happen?" protests the driver, wishing he'd never gone to work that morning.  'Who's going to tell?' asks the Pope with a smile.  Reluctantly, the driver gets in the back as the Pope climbs in behind the wheel. The driver quickly regrets his decision when, after exiting the airport, the Pontiff floors it, accelerating the limo to 205 kms. (Remember, the Pope is Argentinian,)(and Fangio the famous racer was Argentinian.)  "Please slow down, Your Holiness," pleads the worried driver, but the Pope keeps the pedal to the metal until they hear sirens.  "Oh, dear God, I'm going to lose my licence -- and my job!', moans the driver.  The Pope pulls over and rolls down the window as the cop approaches; but the cop takes one look at him, goes back to his motorcycle, and gets on the radio.  'I need to talk to the Chief,' he says to the dispatcher.  The Chief gets on the radio and the cop tells him that he's stopped a limo going 205 kph.  'So bust him,' says the Chief.  'I don't think we want to do that. He's really important,' said the cop.  The Chief exclaimed, 'All the more reason!'  'No, I mean really important,' said the cop with a bit of persistence.  The Chief then asked, 'Who do you have there, the mayor?'  Cop: 'Bigger.'  Chief: ' A senator?'  Cop: 'Bigger.'  Chief: 'The President?'  Cop: 'Bigger.  'Well,' said the Chief, 'who is it?'  Cop: 'I think it's God!'  The Chief is even more puzzled and curious, 'What makes you think it's God?'  Cop: 'His chauffeur is the Pope!
A Rabbi, a monk, and a Catholic Priest are on a... cruise ship having a nice vacation. They're chatting on the lounge deck when suddenly the ship strikes a reef and begins sinking.   Everybody is running around panicking and people are screaming. The Monk exclaims, "Quick, we must save the children!"   The Rabbi yells, "Fuck the children!"  To which the priest replies, "Do you think there is time for it?"
Jewish jokes make me... Unkampfortable.
I see marks of Jesus on everyone. I have astigmatatism.
Jessie Jackson and OJ went to a speech by the Pope. (NSFW) Jessie Jackson and OJ Simpson went to watch a speech from the Pope. They were sitting pretty high up in the back minding their own business and were eating sunflower seeds. They had nowhere to throw them away so they were spitting them on the floor.   As the speech went on Jessie Jackson said, "I'm gonna head down there and meet the Pope." OJ told him not to because it would take too long to get through a crowd of people. Jackson went anyway.  About 30 minutes later he finally made it up to the Pope and sure as shit, OJ sees the Pope bless Jessie Jackson with the sign of the cross.  Jessie makes his way back to OJ and he had to give him credit. "Wow, that's pretty cool. You were blessed by the Pope!"  Jessie said, "Well that's not exactly true. As he was giving me the sign of the cross he had a message for us." OJ was surprised, "Really? For both of us? What was it?"  *Jessie makes the sign of the cross for each statement*  "Get back up there, pick up those sunflower seeds, get that other nigger, and get the hell out of here!"
The real Jesus Christ Three drunks are sitting in a bar in Amsterdam and start bragging. The first drunk says:"I am Jesus Christ, and I will prove it to you by walking over water". They grab their beers and walk to the closest pond, and of course the drunk falls down in the water. Once back on the waterside the second drunk says: I am the real Jesus Christ and will walk through fire". They light up a campfire but as soon as he tempts to walk through the fire he burns himself. The third drunk says: "I am the real Jesus and I will prove it to you, follow me". They walk to the Red Light District and the third drunk knocks on one of the windows. The hooker opens up the door, looks up to the drunk and says:"Jesus Christ, you again?!"  Edit: Grammar, my bad
A Muslim family goes zoo with their child. The child ends up jumping into the gorilla pen, to which the gorilla grabs the child and begins throwing it around.   A zookeeper comes out, assesses the situation, and walks back inside without taking any action.   The mother says to her husband: "Why doesn't he shoot the gorilla? My child is in danger."  The husband responds: "Because that's haram, bae."
A bishop walks into the Pope's chamber... As the Pope turns to him, the bishop says, "Sir, I have received both good and bad news, if you care to hear."  The Pope says, "Of course. Let's hear the good news first."  "Well, it seems that Jesus has come again."  The Pope's face lit up as he said, "That's wonderful! Simply magnificent! What could possibly be so bad about that?"  "Well, the call came from Utah..."  This might go better on r/exmormon
How Jesus managed to give out enough fish and bread to so many people. Take the fish and the loaf of bread. Cut the ends off. It becomes endless.
how does a muslim close a door? Islams it
Have you heard of the new dating app for Catholic priests? It's called "Kinder".
A guy walks into a Muslim bookstore... He asks the Muslim store owner, "Do you have that book, the one that explains Trump's Muslim Ban and illustrates points concerning his immigration policy?"  The Muslim owner responds,  "Get the fuck out of here you pig!  Get the fuck out and stay out!  And if you ever try to come back I'll personally beat your ass!"  The guy answers, "Yeah, that's the one, do you have it in paperback?"
One day, Jesus is walking around in heaven... When he meets Saint Peter. After talking for a while, he finds that Saint Peter hates his job. Jesus agrees to take over Saint Peter's job for a day.  After sending a few people to heaven, a short ill-seeing old man approaches Jesus. Jesus thinks to himself "I recognize this man. But where from?"  The man tells Jesus that he's looking for his son.  "Describe your son." Jesus says  The man speaks "Well, he helped me with my carpenter shop." Jesus begins to think. "He also always seemed to hang around the wrong crowd, particularly people who didn't really like him." Jesus begins getting more excited. "And I remember last I saw him, he had holes in his hands and feet."  Jesus, overcome with joy, throws his arms around the man and yells "Father!"  The man looks up at Jesus and says "Pinocchio?"
A muslim man walks out of a handicap toilet A security guard notices he isn't handicaped and says "sir, that toilet is for handicaped people only!" The muslim man shouts back "and you think being muslim in America isn't a handicap?" 
Wouldn't it be crazy if Jesus masturbated Like Jesus fucking Christ
You know why there are no Muslims in Star Trek? Because it's set in the future.
AI learns that Jesus was crucified to save everyone from their sins and he'll. AI believes in redundant safety. AI clones 1000 jesuses and crucifies them all
I just saw the Pope sitting on the toilet. Holy shit!
Imagine living as islamophobe in muslim country You keep losing your head over something stupid.
Moses, Jesus and a guy went golfing Moses, Jesus, and another guy are playing golf together. Moses hits the ball and SPLASH…it lands in the water. Moses walks up to the water…lifts his arms, parting the lake…walks over to the ball and hits it onto the green. Jesus hits the ball and SPLASH…it lands in the water. Jesus walks up to the water…causally walks across the water to the ball and hits it onto the green. The 3rd guy hit the ball and SPLASH…it lands in the water. Suddenly a fish swallows the ball…jumps into the air, only to be grabbed by an eagle. As the eagle soars away, the fish spits out the ball…it rolls across the green into the hole for a hole-in-one!!! Moses turned to Jesus and said, “Man…I hate playing golf with your dad!”
The fact that Jesus died a virgin, is proof that magic tricks never got anyone laid.
What do you call a drunk muslim prophet? MoHammered
Why are all Jewish men circumcised? Their women won't touch anything that isn't 10% off!
I found a wallet today and as a good Christian I thought "what would Jesus do?" ...so I turned it into wine.
A Muslim walks into the U.S.. Just kidding
What's the difference between a microwave and a Muslim terrorist? The microwave doesn't blow up when the timer goes off
What do you call it when someone writes 'Jesus Loves You' on the side of a bathroom stall Evandalism
How does a Muslim close a door? Islams it!
Jesus is always watching over us. Even during our most intimate moments. So the last time my girlfriend and I had sex, we invited him in for a threesome, so we could both nail him together.
Whats the difference between a jew and a pizza? A pizza doesnt scream when you put it in the oven
Where do muslims go when they die? Everywhere.
How do you pick up Jewish girls? By the nose
What did the German Catholic say after he stole the noodles? "I'm going to the spätzel hell."
What do you call the sweat on the back of a Mennonite's back? Relative humidity 
Goldie, a middle aged Jewish woman goes to see a fortune-teller.  "Two men are madly in love with me!" Goldie says. "Who will be the lucky one?" The swami answers...."Morris will marry you, and Irving will be the lucky one."  
What do you get when you cross a gay man and a Jew? Rainbow Dust!
What's the difference between Acne and a Catholic Priest? The acne waits until puberty to come on its face.
Jesus turned water into wine. I turned wine into vomit.  Your turn Jesus. 
What's the difference between acne and a catholic priest? Acne comes on a boy's face *after* he's twelve. 
A Mexican, a Jew, and a Black guy walk into a bar... The bartender says "get the fuck out of here."
The muslim sexdoll is amazing! It blows it self up. 
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
Two Jewish Guys at the Urinal There were two Jewish guys next to each other at the urinals. The guy on the right turns to other and asks: "You were circumcised by Rabbi Brown, weren't you?"  "I was! How did you know?"  "You're peeing on my shoe."
These hard working muslims always trying to get ahead...
An old Jewish man won the state lottery winning 100 million dollars Since this was the largest lottery in the states history, the news decided to interview the man on tv. At the end of the interview the reporter asked one final question.  "Do you plan on donating any of that money."  "Of course, I have already donated 3 million"  "Wow can you tell us who you donated too?" asked the reporter  "Well I donated 1 million to my local synagogue, 1 million to the state of Israel, and 1 million to the German Nazi Party."  Stunned the reporter asks "Why would you donate to the nazi party? Especially after what they did to your people?"  "Well" said the Jewish man while rolling up his sleeves "If not for them I never would have gotten these lucky numbers!"
Did you hear about the Muslim who started his own food stand in Hawaii? He's calling it the "Aloha Snack Bar".
Did you know Muslims are pretty good at Finance? They just fly right through it!
Why did Hitler hate the Jews? He had Jewish parents, and got mad because he was blind and could **nazi** how they were.
Two Jews are outside a church. Two Jewish guys are walking when one notices a sign on a Catholic church that says "Convert to Christianity, and we'll give you $100." The one says to the other, "should we do it??" The other says "NO!! Are you crazy?" The first guy replies "Hey, a hundred dollars is a hundred dollars... I'm gonna do it." So he walks in to the church, and little while later, he walks back out. The friend says "well, did you get the money?" He replies "Oh that's all you people think about, isn't it?"
Step 1: create arcane religion Step 2: build followers   Step 3: prophet
A jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while... Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian. The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend.  The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the two of them went to see the Rabbi.  They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."  So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. They arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray. They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians."  There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd..."
Jesus may have walked on water... But Stephen Hawking can run on batteries
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the picture up.
Jesus could walk on water .  .  .  But Chuck Norris can swim through dry land.
TIL a Jewish man survived the Holocaust with his beard intact He was kept in an incinerator for days at a time, yet survived by clinging to the walkway the Nazis hadn't filled in.   He decided to never shave his beard as a symbolic remembrance of those who were lost.   He later went on to have an extremely successful career in fire safety.   His name? Smokey Bear.
How does Jesus make tea? Hebrews it. 
Allah who? 1:*Knock Knock* 2: Who's there? 1: Allah 2: Allah who? 1: Allah Who Akbar!
Why did Jesus stop playing hockey? He was tired of getting nailed to the boards.
What do you think Jesus's favorite gun was? I think it's the nail gun. 
"Rabbi, why are the Jews so hated?" At a meeting in a synagogue, a young Jew asked the wise old Rabbi: "Rabbi, why do people hate us so much?" The Rabbi thinks for a while and says "That is an interesting question. We will all talk about it tomorrow over some vodka! Each one of you shall bring a bottle of fine vodka, so we can mix it all up in a big pot and drink, discuss, and then the answer will be clear."  The young Jew went home and thought to himself "if everyone else is going to bring a bottle of vodka, I'll just bring a bottle of water and no one will be the wiser." Next day the young Jew showed up with a vodka bottle filled with water, anxious to see what answer the Rabbi would provide to his question. The Rabbi started to pour all the vodka together in one pot and began stirring it. The young Jew got impatient - "Please, Rabbi! What is the answer to my question? Why do people hate us so much?" The Rabbi then filled a cup, gave it to the young Jew and said "Drink this now!" The young Jew drank the cup and said "But this is just wat**e**r!" And the Rabbi said "and that is why the p**e**opl**e** hat**e** us"
There was once a Jewish boy who was terrible at math ...his parents had tried everything: private tutors, online lessons, and after school programs, to no avail. Finally, they gave in, and sent him to one of the best math-oriented schools in the city, which happened to be Christian.  At the end of the first semester, the boy showed his parents his report card, and they were amazed. He had gotten all A's in everything, even math!  "How'd you do it?" His dad asked him. "What did that school teach you that made you so good at math?" Inquired his mom.  "Well, when I walked in," the boy responded, "there was a guy nailed to a plus sign, so I knew they meant business!"
What do Pinocchio and Jews have in common? Their noses grow when they lie.
God, Jesus, Buddha, Mohammed and Lord Krishna are having an orgy.... .........holy fuck!!
Jesus Christ may have fed 2,000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish... but Adolf Hitler made 6 million Jews toast.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus The picture only needs one nail to hang it.
What's the difference between a Jew and an oven? Nobody tells offensive jokes about ovens. Get out of here, asshole.
Just finished reading the bible My favorite verse?  Ezekiel 25:17
[Sorry for the extreme racism] What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza... The pizza doesn't scream in the oven....
Why don't Jews go to summer camp? They don't like the Caust.
Why do all the ladies live jesus so much? Because he's hung like this,    ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Sex Ed teacher wanted for Blessed Virgin Mary Catholic School No experience necessary.
Don't Insult Jesus If you aren't ready for his comeback
Why don't Jews do drugs? because last time they got baked it didn't go so well
Jesus decided to come down on earth after 2000 years And wanted to save people. He saw an old lady, looking rather devoted religious type, long coat, veggie cart etc. He walked up to her and said "Hi, I'm Jesus and I'm here to save you". She started hitting him with her bag, shouting "Get lost you heretic!". Sad Jesus continued his soul saving quest.  Later on, he saw a gentleman in his mid forties in a suit holding a case, probably rushing to work in a corporation. "I bet he's lost in life and seeks directions and meaning", thought Jesus.  - Hi, I'm Jesus and I'm here to save you  - What? Piss off, I don't have time for this nonsense.  And again, sad Jesus walked away, disappointed.  Suddenly, in a park, he saw a group of young lads sitting on a bench. Though they had only one cigarette to share amongst five of them, they had a really good time. He came to them and began his speech:  - Hi, I'm... - Mate, 'bout time you rolled up, hit this!  Jesus took a puff and immediately let it out and started coughing.  - Nah mate, you gotta hold it!  Jesus inhaled.  - Hold it, hold it, hold it...Let it out!  He exhaled. Nice.  - Okay listen, I'm... - Nah mate, that's just the beginning, puff it!  Jesus took another puff.  - Hold it, hold it, hold it...Let it out!  And lo, he hath exhaled.  - Phew. Seriously guys, I just want... - Nah mate, you have to hit it three times to feel it, puff!  Jesus took a hit for the third time.  - Hold it, hold it, hold it...Let it out! - Oh damn... - Okay mate, say your thing - Hi, I'm Jesus and I'm here to save you - And that's what this shit's about, mate!
Why did Jesus cross the road? Because his sandals were turning into shoes.
Where does a Catholic homebuilder go when he dies? Pergolatory
What's the difference between a jeweler and a jailer? One sells watches One watches cells
Why do Jews have such big noses Because they know air is free
Drunk Jesus A drunk man stumbles out of a bar and immediately runs into a pair of priests on the sidewalk. He says to them,   “Hey guys! I’m Jesus Christ!”  The priests shake their heads and calmly tell him,   “No son, you are not.”  The drunk is adamant that he is.   “I really am! I can show you guys.”  The priests look at each other and uncomfortably walk into the bar and the bartender says to the drunk,  “Jesus Christ! You’re back again?!”
So Jesus walks into a bar The bartender says what do you want, Jesus says water and is fine
A huge crowd gathered as Jesus was nailed to the cross. As Jesus surveyed the crowd, he saw St. Perer at the back. He started to call to him, “Peter, Peter”.    Peter tried to get the crowd. Pushing people as he went. “I’m coming Lord,” shouted Peter as he worked his wash through the crowd.  Eventually he reached the foot of Jesus’ cross, and asked, “What is it, Lord?”  And Jesus said, “I can see your house from here!”
Jesus walks into a bar Jesus walks into a bar. The bartender says "Hey Jesus, what'll you be having".  Jesus - "Oh the usual, I'll have a rusty nail".
A female porn star walks into a church and says:  - Father, I sinned...  And the priest answers.  - I know, child, I watched.
What did the muslim man say when his new girlfriend offered him bacon? "That's harem bae"
A girl on plane sitting next to me started freaking out when she knew i am a muslim i laugh so hard that my grenades nearly fell out of my pocket﻿
How do you get a Jewish prostitute high? You stone 'er.
My Muslim friend went on a Eurotrip this summer... Told me he had an absolute blast at every country he visited
What was Jesus' favorite sport? Crossfitting. 
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash Gassum
What's the difference between a pizza and a jew? Pizzas don't cry in the oven.
I was invited to a party full of muslims I had a blast!
What do you call when a Muslim eats a monkey? Haram-be 
How do you make Jesus holyer? Stab a couple more stakes into him.
Did you hear about those new Jewish tires? Not only do they stop on a dime, they pick it up.
Why do [Mexicans, Jews, Italians, Blacks, Asians, Samoans, Indians, Jews again, etc.] stink? So blind people can hate 'em too
What do you call a sneezing Jew ? a jewwwwwwwww
"Jesus fucking Christ" *Drops the mike* I too want Christ, not mike!!
Why wasen't Jesus born in Russia? He couldn't find three wise men and a virgin. 
A Chinese man, a Mexican, and a Jew walks into the bar.. ...and the bartender says **Get the fuck out.**
Where do Popes keep their knights between Crusades? in the Deus Vault
Jesus fed 5000 men.... But Hitler eased the pain of 7 million. 
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and acne? Acne waits until you're 12 to come on your face.
Two Jewish mothers are talking and one says Two Jewish mothers are talking and one says, "I have some unsavory news. I sent my son to Israel to become a more faithful Jew, but he became Christian!"  The other mother replies, "Funny story! I sent my son there for the same reason, and he became a Christian as well!"  The two women, worried about their sons, went to their Rabbi for advice. When they tell him about the situation he says, "Funny story! Ten years back I sent my son to Israel for that very reason when he was studying to be a Rabbi, and he became a priest instead!"  They all decide it would be best if they prayed for guidance. After several minutes of prayer God addresses them, "What is wrong my children?."  They explain that all three of their children went to Israel to become better Jews but converted to Christianity instead. God replies, "Funny story!"
A Canadian is someone who believes Jesus walked on water... he just figures it was frozen at the time.
On Thursday, a user posted the joke "Jesus"... ..which was quickly buried.... It's been 3 days, has anyone seen it ???
Spare Jewish bunk bed for sale Fisher &amp; Paykel Single Built-In Oven OB60SL CGBO6   Offers start at $100 get in quick
what does the Jewish baker say when ba customer leaves his store? Challah!
Jesus loves you. These are beautiful words to hear in a church, and absolutely horrifying ones to hear in a Mexican prison.
What U.S. state was founded by Muslims? Allah-bama
How do you fit 5,000 Jews into a Volkswagen?  Two in the front, three in the back and the rest in the ashtray.
A Muslim man in London catches a cab A Muslim man in London catches a cab and tells the driver where to go. As they drive off, the cab driver turns the music on. The Muslim immediately takes objection:  "Excuse me sir, would you mind if you turned off the music?"  The taxi driver, alarmed asked why and the man said "Because when the prophet was around there was no music, and in our religion we must obey the rules of the prophet."   The driver turns off the radio and he then pulls over and opens the door.   "What are you doing!?" exclaims the Muslim man.   The driver replies, "when the prophet was around there were no taxis either, so fuck off and go wait for a camel"
Why is Jesus so rich? Because Jesus saves.
An Irish Catholic man near death... An Irish Catholic man was nearing the end, and his family gathered around his deathbed to hear his last wishes. They were all shocked when he asked first for an Anglican minister to come to him and convert him to their Protestant faith. When asked why on earth, after a lifetime of fidelity to the Catholic church, would he ever do such a thing, he replied, "Because I'd rather a Protestant man leave this earth today, than a good Catholic!"  *heard this joke today and didn't see it in the searches - hopefully you can offer some feedback about how to get the point of the joke across better!*
How do you keep an amish girl happy? Two men a night.
10 catholic priests all die in a bus accident.... When they arrive at the Pearly Gates, St. Peter acknowledges them.  He sees that they're all priests and immediately says, "If any of you are paedophiles, there's no point waiting here. You might as well fuck off straight to hell right now!"  9 of the priests turn around and begin to walk away.  St. Peter calls after them,  "AND TAKE THE DEAF BASTARD WITH YOU TOO!"
What is a Jewish delima? A free ham.
Why wasn't Jesus born in America? He couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin.
How are mathematicians similar to Jesus? They can take one pie and come up with 2 pi.
Wife: "What are your plans for Easter?" Husband: "Same as Jesus...." Wife: "What do you mean!?"  Husband: "I will disappear on Friday and I will reappear on Monday!"  Wife: "That's awesome, if you do that I'll do like Mary."  Husband: "What do you mean?"  Wife: "Show up pregnant untouched by my husband."
What's the point of Jewish football? To get the quarter back.
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew? You have to sit at the back seat of the oven.
If Jesus was on a penny they would call it a JC Penny I get sad every time I look in a mirror 
How does a Jew calculate his escape path? Wind velocity times chimney height.
What do a Jew and a Spy have in common? In the end they both get burned...
What do you call a jewish Pokémon trainer? Ash. 
Why was Jesus crucified? Because the Romans wanted to be crossdressers.
Why is Jesus easy to insult? It takes him 3 days to comeback.
A child molester, old dude, and pope enter a bar... And he orders a drink.
What's the worst thing about being a black jew? You have to sit at the back of the oven
What do you call a Jewish Pokémon trainer? Ash
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? With a broom and dustpan.
I like my Jews just how I like my juice From concentrate.
Whats the difference between a Jew and Santa? Santa goes down the chimney 
What do you call a truly dedicated Catholic monk? A deep fryer.
Why do Muslim couples always break up before Ramadan? Because they're going to fast.
How does Jesus fall asleep? By counting an endless line of people jumping over hurdles.
How does a Jewish clean his toilet? With AJAX toilet cleaner of course, as it is cost effective and very powerful! Only for $8.99, available in all stores near you!
What's the best way to get a Jewish girls number? Roll up her sleeve.
What's a jew doing on a swing? Fucking with the german snipers
What's the difference between a Jew and a boy scout? A boy scout comes home from camp....
Why could Jesus walk on water? Shit floats.
What's a Muslim's favorite place to grab a snack? Allah carte
When an Amish buggy breaks down on the side of the road, who do they call? Triple Hay 
Where do all the Jews in New York live? Wall Street!
I ran a survey for Muslims And 9 out of 11 said they would fly a plane into a tower.  Bunch of adrenaline junkies!
Why are Jewish Men Circumcised? Because Jewish Women won't buy anything unless it's 25% off.   You're welcome Reddit
A Muslim and a Jew Are sitting in a bar talking and the Muslim says "every time the war on terror gets talked about I feel like everyone is looking at me"  the Jew says Yeh I know the feeling every time they mention the war on poverty .
Why did the company fire all of its Liberal employees and hire a bunch of illegal immigrants and Muslim refugees? The illegal immigrants and Muslim refugees actually came to work while all the Liberals shirked work to go hold signs and shout at people.
What did Jesus say to the man with leprocy? OOPS! GOT YOUR NOSE!
Why do priests like little boys? Because it's easy to inject the seed of religion in  them.   Be gentle pls
A Jewish man walks into an English Bakery. A Jewish man walks into an English Bakery for his daily shopping, he ordered, "Three Bagels."  A moment later, the Cashier hands in the Three Bagels and repeats his order out loud, "Here are your Three Bagels."  The Jewish man abruptly opened his eyes wide and took his Bagels with joy and went out.  The Cashier cried he hadn't paid as he left the Bakery.
Heading to work this morning there was a car parked on the train tracks, with a bumper sticker that said "Honk if you love Jesus!" That train engineer must have REALLY loved Jesus. 
It's strange to see Christians advocating abstinence only sex education... According to their own religion, even abstinence isn't 100% effective.
Why wasn't Jesus born in America? Couldn't find a virgin or 3 wise men.
How do you scare a Jewish kid in Minecraft? You get 8 cobblestone.
How to tell if Jesus was Jewish. - Jesus was unmarried until he was 30. - Jesus inherited his father's business. - Jesus thought his mother was a god. - Jesus believed his mother was virgin.
A black guy, a jew and a white guy are on a plane. The plane starts jolting up and down. It starts slowly falling towards the ground. The pilot tells the passengers to throw something off the plane that they have too much of.  Hearing this, black guy throws half his penis.   Seeing what the first guy did, the jew throws the tip of his nose.  Seeing what the other two did, the white guy throws up. 
jesus walks in to an Inn.,, he hands the keeper three nails and ask "can you put me up for the night?"
No jokes about Jesus on Easter weekend. He's not the kind of guy you'd want to cross.
Jesus is at a bar He says to the bartender, "more water please."  The barter replies, "not this shit again."
Why shouldn't you sin in front of Jesus? Because he'll get cross...
What is Jesus favorite band? Nine inch nails. 
I don't know if you've ever seen a Muslim road rage But it's pretty explosive 
How do you grab the attention of a Jew? You ask that Jew to lend you their ears.   Edit: ask to lend you their ears with 100 % interest.
What do you call a Muslim stripper? youseen memuff
A Ford driver and a Muslim walk into a bar But the bartender told them, "Sorry I only serve people who can keep their truck on the road."
Why couldn't Jesus cross the street alone? He had two holed hands.
Jesus and Moses are hanging in Heaven, talking about the good ole days "You think we still got it, Jesus?" "Oh, sure. I don't think our ability to perform miracles just goes away, do you?" "Let's find out!"  Jesus and Moses head down to Earth and are at the edge of the Red Sea. Sure enough, Moses lifts his hands and the water parts, leaving a clear path across. He smirks at Jesus, and Jesus steps up for his turn.  He stepped out into the water and immediately sank. Moses looked at him confused and said "I guess the ability does go away!"  Jesus smiled and said "Last time I did this, I didn't have these fuckin holes in my feet!"
Jesus saves... ...passes to Moses. He shoots -- AND SCORES!
If jesus played football, what position would he play? Not on the wing he doesn't do well with crosses. 
Jesus and his 12 disciples walk into a bar Christ says to the barman "13 glasses of tap water please"
Why do Muslims hate Reddit? Haram be everywhere 
How many Jews fit in a car? 2 in the front, 2 in the back, 1 in the trunk, and 6 000 000 in the ashtray
A Jewish boy asks his father for $20 Jewish boy: dad can I please have 20 dollars?   Jewish dad: 10 dollars?!? What do you need 5 dollars for?
Jew calls the KGB A Soviet Jew calls the KGB  - Hello, KGB - Hi, this is Shlomo. Is it true that Jews sold Russia? - Yes, it is, you Jew bastard - Can I have my share?
A Jewish, Catholic, Buddhist, and an atheist each walk into a bar. You'd think the last guy would know not to hurt himself after watching three guys walk into a bar.
A drunk man staggered into a Catholic Church... ...and sat down in a confession box, saying nothing. The bewildered priest coughed to attract his attention, but still the man said nothing. The priest then knocked on the wall three times in a final attempt to get the man to speak. Finally, the drunk replied, "No use knocking, mate, there's no paper in this one either."
Jesus walks into a Restaurant And goes up to the Waiter and says "Table for 26 Please"  Confused, The Waiter does a quick head count, and says "But there is only 13 of you."  Jesus Replies "Yes, but we are all going to sit on the same side..."
A Catholic named Jose climbed mount Olympus. He saw God at the top and said "Hey! Zeus!"
NEVER buy your wife jewellery. The ones she want, you can't afford.   The ones you can afford, are nonexistent.   :(
A muslim man came into my shop and bought six smoke machines, so I phoned the police.. He's probably part of an extreme mist group
What's The Pope's favorite chord? G Sus
What is the difference between a Catholic Priest and a Zit? The zit waits until you're 12 before it comes on your face.
I was helping an elderly Muslim man with his shopping when he said thanks and warned me not to go to Vegas this year. "Why" I asked... He replied "Because it's shit " 
What do you get when you combine a gay man and a Jew? A hit Broadway musical
The Jewish Knight A British Jew is waiting in line to be knighted by the Queen. He is to kneel in front of her and recite a sentence in Latin when she taps him on the shoulders with her sword. However, when his turn comes, he panics in the excitement of the moment and forgets the Latin. Then, thinking fast, he recites the only other sentence he knows in a foreign language, which he remembers from the Passover seder:   "Ma nishtanah halailah hazeh mikol haleilot."   Puzzled, Her Majesty turns to her advisor and whispers, "Why is this knight different from all other knights?"
An indian, muslim and black man is in the Siberian mountains They are seeking shelter and find a house belonging to a farmer. They knock on the door and ask if they can stay the night there, the farmer agrees but since there is only room for two of them inside the house, one must sleep in the barn.   "Well, I do not mind a little discomfort," the muslim man says, "I will sleep in the barn tonight."  Later they hear a knock on the door and open the door to find the muslim man  "There is a pig in the barn, the pig is unclean I cannot sleep in the barn"  "That's fine, I will sleep in the barn instead," says the indian man and he went to the barn  Later they hear a knock on the door and open it to find the indian man  "There is a cow in the barn," says the indian man "the cow is holy, i cannot sleep in the barn"  "Damn it," says the black man, "I knew it would come to this" and he went to the barn  Later they hear a knock on the door, and open the door to find a pig and a cow
Why, I'm a Baptist, Too! (Long) As a point in fact Joe is having more than a garden variety, "rough time."  His wife left him for a woman; she accidentally ran over his dog as she backed out of the driveway; he was fired from his job; he's got $100K in student loans; and with no job and no second income, he's just lost his home, too.  Taking his last few hundred bucks, he heads to New York City to see if he can make a change.  Sadly, his fortunes don't change despite the change of scenery. In fact they get worse: As soon as he sets foot in New York, he gets robbed.  Now penniless, he says to himself, "That's it. I'm done," And decides to jump from the Brooklyn Bridge.   No sooner than he climbs up to jump, he hears a guy with a similar accent to his own.  "Whatever the problem is, God loves you. There's no reason to jump," the man says, "I'm Dave. What's your name?"  "Joe," he says, "But don't try to stop me. My life is shit," and proceeds to give him the laundry list of why his life sucks.  "Wow. That's a rough tale, friend, I understand.... Hey, listen, just one question before you jump. Just one. Where are you from so I can tell the police when they get here?"  "Virginia. I'm from Virginia."  "Virginia? No way. I'm from Virginia, too!! What city?" Dave asks with amazement.  "Franklin."  "What!? That's crazy! I'm from Franklin, too!"  At this point, the two men are smiling and laughing like old friends, and Joe is seriously reassessing his plan.  "If you're from Franklin, you've got to be a God-fearing, man. Why I bet you're a Baptist, aren't you, Joe?"  "Yes, yes I am! Amen!"  At this point the two men are giddy with glee, Joe has changed his mind, and has started to turn around to get down.  "I can't believe it... I just can't believe it, this is incredible! All this way to New York City to meet another Baptist from Franklin, Virginia. It must've been God's plan for us to meet," Dave says shaking his head in disbelief.   Just then, Dave crosses his arms in skepticism and asks, "Wait a second... are you Northern or Southern Baptist, Joe?"  "I'm a PROUD Northern Baptist! Hallelujah!" Joe proclaims as he starts to step down from the ledge.  Dave gasps, his eyes wide as pie plates.  In that instant, the soon-to-be fatal mistake registers with Joe.  "DIE HEATHEN SCUM!!" Dave howls as he unfolds his arms and pushes Joe into the drink.
What if Muslims wrote BuzzFeed posts? 13 reasons to be a Jihadi, no.7 will blow your mind off!
How does an angry Muslim close the door? Islams It.
What do you do with a Jewish person that has ADHD? Put them in a concentration camp...
What did the Jewish pedophile say to the children? Want to buy a piece of candy?
What did the jew say when he saw the nazi? Aww shwitz
With Jesus Now Young David came home from school one day and found his pet chicken laying on the ground with his legs pointing straight up into the sky. When his father got home, he explained that the chicken has died and his legs were pointed up to Jesus in heaven.   They buried the chicken and that was that. Two weeks later his dad came home from work and David ran up to him yelling, "Daddy, Daddy, we nearly lost Mommy today."   "What?" his father replied.   "When I got home from school, Mommy was laying on the bed with her legs pointing up in the air yelling, 'Jesus, I'm coming, Jesus I'm coming.' If it wasn't for Uncle Terry holding her down we would have lost her for sure!"
A Mon Calimari and a Muslim walk into a bar The bar explodes
A muslim goes to a therapist Doc , I think i have an issue , Says the muslim , "What seems to be the problem", he replies , "Well , i was feeling a little depressed lately , And i have been having bad thoughts "  "about what" "suicidal thoughts" "so what seems to be the problem"
Peter, John, and Jesus are at the driving range Peter, John, and Jesus are at the driving range. Peter and John just bought brand new Callaway clubs, and invited Jesus to come with as they tested them out. Peter and John were loving their new clubs, especially how far they could drive with their new drivers. So they turned to Jesus and Peter said, "Lets do a two versus two match, John and I will be one team, and you can pick anyone here for your partner." As he said this all three turned to look at the rest of the hot shot golfers at the driving range. Seeing nobody that he wanted for a partner, Jesus turned toward the putting range and saw an old man working on his putting game. Jesus said; "I'll choose him for my partner." Both Peter and John gave him funny looks, but not wanting to offend Jesus, just replied "Alright then, lets get started."  At the first hole, Peter goes first. Since he just got done at the driving range, he was thoroughly warmed up and had an excellent drive. His ball landed on the green of a par 4 about 30 feet from the hole. Next was John, and not being quite as good as Peter, he landed his ball a bit short of the green, but still a very good drive. Now it was Jesus's turn. Jesus was still using his old clubs, and he hadn't been golfing as much and Peter and John. He swung, and as soon as his club hit the ball, he knew it was a bad shot. His ball was flying straight for the water trap on the right side. Just when it was a foot off the water a trout jumped, hitting the ball strait up in the air. At the peak of the balls upward trajectory, an eagle flew by grabbing the ball with its talon's as it flew toward the green. Once over the green, it dropped the ball about 4 feet from the hole. As the ball landed a squirrel, nervous of the eagle, decided to dash to safety on the other side of the green, running into the ball on the way and knocking it into the hole. It was Jesus's first hole in one. Peter and John were speechless. Jesus turned to his partner and said "Thank you, Father."
What compliment did the Nazi say to the Jew? "Man, you'd make some pretty decent soap!"
Three women are going back to visit the Catholic school that they grew up in, and they find the nun who taught them as children. "So what have you young ladies been doing with your lives?" the nun asks.  The first woman responds, "Well, I've become an engineer, I'm married and I have three kids."  The second woman says, "I've become an accountant, and I'm happily married with two children!"  The third woman slowly responds, "Well... Um, I'm... I'm a prostitute..."  "You're a WHAT???" says the nun, furiously.  "Well... I'm a prostitute."  "Oh, thank God," the nun says, "I thought you said you were a Protestant!"
I'm half Muslim I'm only entitled to 36 virgins
whats a muslims favorite kind of pepper? allahpeno
What is the worst about a being black AND Jewish? Sitting in the back of the oven.  Sorry if this is considered extremely racist mods, please remove if you consider it to be!
What do you call a Muslim woman in a bikini? A jihottie!
A Baptist Revival So one day a Baptist minister was holding a tent revival and he's shouting with a southern accent "WE'RE GONNA HAVE SOME HEALIN', WE'RE GONNA HAVE SOME HEALIN' UP IN HERE! Now I need two volunteers"  A man in crutches walks up and when asked "what do you want to be healed from" says his name is Billy and wants to be able to walk again and never have to use the acursed crutches again.  The minister assures him this will take place.  He calls for another volunteer and a man steps up.  When asked what he wanted to be healed from he answered "Meh naem is Joey and I had discussed speech impediment and peowple think I'm dumbs but I'm weally not..."  The minister goes "Joey we WILL heal you of your speech impediment and Billy we will heal you of your disabilities... now we are gonna say a prayer and at the end of the prayer I want everyone to say AMEN and Billy, you throw down those crutches, and Joey you say the first thing that comes to your mind."  They say a prayer and AAAAMEN.  "Biwwy fell down" -Joey
A young muslim couple go out hunting and shoot a monkey The woman asks, "Shall we eat him?"  The man replies, "No, that's haram, bae!"
What's another name for a Jew? A sneeze.
Jesus and his apostles go to a restaurant... "Table for 26, please," Jesus tells the hostess.  "But there are only 13 of you."  "Yeah, but we're all going to sit on one side of the table." 
What do you call the elusive Mexican Jew? El Cheapacabra
Why can't Jesus play Football? He has flashbacks every time he looks at the goal
Why do Jews get circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that's not at least 10% off.
What's the difference between Santa Claus and the Jews? The way they traveled through the chimney.
Jesus after the Last Supper goes through the bills. "Guys, seriously, what the fuck, who ordered wine?"
What's a catholic's favourite type of car? A convertible.
My grandmother used to wakeup and head for the bathroom . along the wat she would say with a raised voice 'o Jesus christ' Soon after my grandfather passed away she asked me to move the coffee table
My dad rear ended a car today that had a Jesus bumper sticker on it... ..he stopped in the Name of the Lord.
[Dark Humor] How many Jews died in the holocaust? Not enough. 
Happy Shabbos Y'all: Small Collection of Jewish Jokes Schwartz is sitting in his room, wearing only a top hat, when Steinberg strols in.  “Why are you sitting here naked?”  “It’s all right,” says Schwartz. “Nobody comes to visit.”  “But why the hat?”  “Maybe somebody will come.”  ---------  The census taker comes to the Goldman house.  “Does Louis Goldman live here?” he asks.  “No,” replies Goldman.  “Well, then, what is your name?”  “Louis Goldman.”  “Wait a minute–didn’t you just tell me that Goldman doesn’t live here?”  “Aha,” says Goldman. “You call this living?”  ----------  A woman on a train walked up to a man across the table. “Excuse me,” she said, “but are you Jewish?”  “No,” replied the man.  A few minutes later the woman returned. “Excuse me,” she said again, “are you sure you’re not Jewish?”  “I’m sure,” said the man.  But the woman was not convinced, and a few minutes later she approached him a third time. “Are you absolutely sure you’re not Jewish?” she asked?  “All right, all right,” the man said. “You win. I’m Jewish.”  “That’s funny,” said the woman.” You don’t look Jewish.”  -----  A man in Chelm once thought up a riddle that nobody could answer: “What’s purple, hangs on the wall, and whistles?”  When everybody gave up, he announced the answer: a white fish.  “A white fish?” people said. “A white fish isn’t purple.”  “Nu,” replied the jokester, “this white fish was painted purple.”  “But hanging on a wall? Who ever heard of a white fish that hung on a wall?”  “Aha! But this white fish was hung on the wall.”  “But a white fish doesn’t whistle,” somebody shouted.  “Nu, so it doesn’t whistle.”  ----------  Q: Is one permitted to ride in an airplane on the Sabbath?  A: Yes, as long as your seat belt remains fastened. In this case, it is considered that you are not riding, you are wearing the plane.  ------------  A rabbi and a Catholic priest are having lunch in a restaurant. The priest's food arrives, a scrumptious-looking ham entrée.  The priest attacks his lunch, savouring every bite of the ham. Noticing the rabbi eyeing him, he asks, "So tell me, Rabbi Goldblum, have you ever had any pork before?"  The rabbi hesitates. "Well, it's not for me to say..."  The priest pushes on. "Oh, c'mon, Rabbi. We're both men of God here. We can tell each other our sins. Nothing to it."  "Umm... well, yes, as a matter of fact, I did have pork once."  Smugly the priest teases him, "And a fine meat it was, wasn't it? Heheh."  "Yeah, I'll say."  A few moments pass. The rabbi asks the priest: "Tell me Father, have you ever had sex with a woman before?"  "Why of course... well, before I took holy orders, that is."  The rabbi smirks, "Better than pork, eh?"  -------  There's an old rabbi who wants to try pork before he dies.  But, being an Orthodox rabbi, he can't eat pork in his community, so he goes to a restaurant 50 miles away.  On the menu is a dish called "Suckling Pig" so he orders it and they bring it out on a beautiful tray with an apple in its mouth.  Just as he's about to take his first bite, in walks Goldberg, the president of his congregation.  Goldberg says, "Rabbi, what are you doing? What are you eating?"  The rabbi replies, "Goldberg, can you believe this restaurant?  I order a baked apple and this is how they serve it to me!"
Two Jews meet in a NY subway A J**e**wish man who was riding on the subway reading an Arab newspaper. A friend of his, who happened to be riding in the same subway car, noticed this strange phenomenon. Very upset, he approached the newspaper reader. "Moshe, have you lost your mind? Why are you reading an Arab newspaper?"  Moshe replied, "I used to read the J**e**wish newspaper, but what did I find? Jews being persecuted, Israel being attacked, Jews disappearing through assimilation and intermarriage, Jews living in poverty. So I switched to the Arab newspaper. Now what do I find? Jews own all the banks, Jews control the media, Jews are all rich and powerful, Jews rule the world. The news is so much better!"
What is a Muslim's dream AFL team? The Essendon 'Bombers'
A catholic goes into confession... ... and tells his priest "I confess, I am struggling to understand the election. I fear that a man who has been divorced twice is not my president."  After long pause, and much deliberation the father replied - "Many do my son. I fear it may even destroy our church, everyone is turning Protestant!" 
A muslim says allahu akbar at least 85 times a day, and blows up not even once.
What do you call a Jewish Pokémon? Pikajew
[religion] Why did Jesus die on the cross? he forgot the safe word
What is a Jewish pedophiles pickup line? Do you kids want to BUY some candy?   Hyuk hyuk hyuk. Credit to a very special lady. If the delivery was bad that's all me.
did you know jesus was irish? true story, he never held a job, had twelve drinking buddies, and his mum thought he was god.....
If a group of cows is called a herd, and a group of birds is called a flock, what do you call a group of Jews. A bank.
An old Jewish man is walking along the beach when he stumbles upon a magic lamp He picks it up, rubs it, and--sure enough--a genie pops out.  The genie says to the old man, "I will grant you anything you want."  The old man pulls a map out of his back pocket and points to the Middle East.  "You see this? I would like peace in the Middle East between Israelis and Palestinians."  The genie looks at the map and says to the man, "I've been stuck in a lamp for centuries; you expect me to pull that off right out of the chute? This area has been at war for thousands of years. I'm a genie, I'm not God. I'm afraid it simply cannot be done, sir.   "I'll have to ask you to make another wish, and this time try to be reasonable, please."  The Jewish man thinks for a moment, then responds: "I would like my wife to blow me one more time."  The genie lets out a long sigh and says, "Let me see the map again."
How do you get a Jewish girl's number? Roll up her sleeve.  
Muslim book store So there I was walking through a mall and I saw a Muslim book store. I was interested what was in a muslim book store so I went in.  The clerk approached me asking if I need help knowing I probably don't look like his normal customer so I asked if he had a copy of Donald Trumps book on his U.S. Immigration policy on Muslims and illegal Mexicans. The clerk replied get the F*ck out and stay out! I replied YES that's the one! Do you have it in paper back?
What would you call a German-Muslim A Nazi Terrorist
What do you call a sleep walking nun? A Roman Catholic
What did the roman soldier say after crucifying Jesus? Nailed it
What's the difference between Muslims and apples Apples don't explode.
For a long time I thought I was Jewish. But it turned out to be psychosemitic.
I like my muslim's like my steak. Rare.
Muslim officials denounce gorilla warfare Calling it "absolutely harambe"
A Jehovah's Witness knocks on a Jew's door... A Jehovah's Witness knocks on a Jew's door.  Jew: "Can I help you?"  Witness: "Hello sir, I'm here to tell you about the great Lord Jehovah!"  Jew: "Is that what you call him? You know, we have a name for him too..."  Witness: "No way?!"  Jew: "Yahweh." 
What's the difference between Pope John Paul and Madeline McCann? The Pope died a virgin!
What is a jewish Pokémon trainer called? Ash
What are Jews better at that anyone else? Concentration 
What do you call a book club that's been stuck on the same book for thousands of years? Church
And on the third day, Jesus came back. Because he accidentally left one of his edge trimmers in my backyard.
What do you give lactose intolerant Jews? Zyklon-Brie  (Was drunk in a field at 1 am, friends telling cheese jokes, had a few hits and misses, thought of this one, reactions were a very mixed bag...)
A Jew and an American are sitting on a bus... The Holocaust denier farts.  The Jew says, "That's gross!"  The Holocaust denier says, "What, a little gas never killed anyone."
Jesus walks into a hotel... He places 3 long nails on the counter and asks - can you put me up for the night? 
A Muslim, a Christian and a Jew walks into a bar... The Barman asks "What's a Muslim doing here?"
How do you fit 100 jews in a car 2 in the front      3 in the back        the rest in the ashtray
Since alcohol is forbidden to Muslims... someone built a pub for them that only serves non-alcoholic drinks. Pub's name is Allahu Fake Bar. 
Q: What do Muslim dogs wear to French beaches? A: Anything they want! It's not like they're a *woman!*
A Jew and an Arab walk into a bakery. Once inside the Arab grabs three pastries and swiftly stashes them in his pocket. He then looks at the Jew with a prideful smile and says "See how sly I am?" The Jew, being determined to crush the Arab's pride, walks up to the baker and says "If you give me a pastry I will show you a magic trick." The baker's curiosity got the best of him and he agreed. The Jew ate the pastry and then asked for another. The Jew ate the second one and asked for a third. After the Jew ate the third one the baker's patience began to run low. The baker asked "Okay, so where are the pastries?"  The Jew smiled and answered "Look in the Arabs back pocket."
I think my kids like some kind of anti-catholic gang I overheard him telling one of his buddies to "go beat the bishop"
Why are there no Jewish people in jail? Because they ate all the lox. 
23 Americans and 1 Muslim are standing in line to board a plane. Who gets randomly searched?
Why did the extremist Muslim cleric slaughter the gorilla in the name of Allah? It seemed a little haram-be
What would Jesus actually do? Probably ban nail guns
An Orthodox Jew was stranded on a deserted island  Much later, he was rescued.  The rescuers discovered that he had built three synagogues.  "Why three synagogues?", they asked.           "One is the synagogue I attend," he said, "And the other two are the synagogues I'll never set foot in."
Where did jews have to fart 80 years ago? In gas chambers
Jewish Sex No matter what this husband did in bed, his wife never achieved an orgasm.  Since a Jewish wife is entitled to sexual pleasure, they decide to consult their Rabbi.   The Rabbi listens to their story, strokes his beard, and makes the following suggestion: Hire a strapping young man.   While the two of you are making love, have the young man wave a towel over you.   That will help your wife fantasize and should bring on an orgasm.' They go home and follow the Rabbi's advice.   They hire a handsome young man and he waves a towel over them as they make love.  It does not help and the wife is still unsatisfied.  Perplexed, they go back to the Rabbi. 'Okay,' he says to the husband, 'Try it reversed.   Have the young man make love to your wife and you wave the towel over them'.  Once again, they follow the Rabbi's advice. They go home and hire, the same strapping young man.   The young man gets into bed with the wife and the husband waves the towel.   The young man gets to work with great enthusiasm and soon she has an enormous, room-shaking, ear-splitting screaming orgasm.  The husband smiles, looks at the young man and says to him triumphantly, 'You see that, you schmuck?  THAT'S how you wave a towel!!' 
A drunken man staggers into a Catholic Church A drunken man staggers into a Catholic Church and sits down in a confession box and says nothing. The bewildered priest coughs to attract his attention, but still the man says nothing. The priest then knocks on the wall three times in a final attempt to get the man to speak, and finally the drunk replies: "No use knockin' mate - there's no paper in this one either!!"
They say Jesus never had sex, but he had sex at least twice People are always talking about his second coming.
What things are all Jews addicted to? Huffing Gas. 
What do you call a greedy Christian? A moreman. 
Jesus walks into a restaurant... ...and says to the maître d', "Table for 26 please."  Confused, the maître d' does a quick head count, and says, "But there are only 13 of you."  Jesus replies, "Yes, but we are all going to sit on the same side."
A time traveler meets with an ancient Jewish Bibical author. After a brief introduction, having convinced the scribe of his identity, the time-traveler launches into an excited speech:  "Rabbi, do you know that in the future, your writings will spawn off other religions that in turn would make most of the world's population adherents of the Abrahamic faith?"  The wizened sage shakes his head with disbelief.  "Trust me, I'm telling you the truth!" pleads the time-traveler, "One day, your writings will constitute the foundation for the most popular book in the world."  Distraught, the author sighs heavily and shakes his head once again.  "I know, it sounds crazy. Could you imagine that there are even those who will persecute your people in the name of your own God, with their own version of the story as pretext?"   At this, the perplexed Rabbi shakes his head vigorously for the final time, but before the time-traveler can react, he reaches for the manuscript, palm on his forehead and with furrowed brow, muttering under his breath "I can't *believe* that we forgot to copyright the damn thing"
What's a Jewish pyromaniac's favorite explosive? A Mazeltov Cocktail
What's a Muslim's favorite TV show? It's always sunni in Philadelphia 
A jewish boy asked his father for money Did you hear about the jewish boy that asked his father for 30 dollars?  His father exclaimed in surprise 25 DOLLARS?!? What are you gonna buy with 20 dollars?!?
Jesus walks into a bar and starts swearing at Jose for not putting a red flag on it.
How did 1940's German Men pick up Jewish Girls With a broom and a dustpan
Jesus walks into a restaurant with his Apostles... and says to the host, "Table for 26 please".  The host, confused said, "but Jesus, it's just you and your 12 Apostles, that only makes 13".  To this Jesus replied, "Yeah, but we're only going to sit on one side of the table."
If Jesus could see all these people committing evil in his name He'd roll over in his cave.
Why wasn't Jesus born in Russia? God couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
What's the difference between a Muslim and a Terrorist? I don't know, I just work as airport security.
Popeye has developed a new GPS system I am where I am.
How do you pickup a Jewish Girl? Broom and Dustpan. 
If Jesus were alive today what kind of car would he drive? A christlyer. 
What's the difference between a Sikh and a Muslim? Muslim explodes, Sikh do not
Peter is begging to see Jesus on the cross. "Please, please I need to see Jesus!"  "No. Not yet."  After nagging the guards for hours, Peter finally gets up there and is about to whisper into Jesus' ear when  he gets pulled down. Again and again he tries until he finally gets to whisper in Jesus' ear.  "I can see your house from here!"
So Jesus and his Dad are celebrating the 4th of July... After the fireworks are finished for the night, Jesus asks God: "Was that a blast or what?!"   To which our Lord and saviour replies: "What these humans celebrate is sinful. However," God continued, "I will admit it was a blasphemy." 
What did the Nazi say to the pregnant Jew? I see you have another Jew in the oven.
How does a muslim close a door? Islams it.
There's a black, a Mexican, and a Muslim in one car. Who's driving? The policeman.
Why do Jews have big noses? Why not? Air is free anyway!
Why don't you ever see any Muslim methheads? They all just get stoned instead.
What does a muslim say when he makes a mistake? Allahu Mybad
Some idiot conspiracy theorists say the Jews started AIDS. That's not true you stupid idiot If the Jews started AIDS, it's not like they would've given it to anybody.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has a long one, Kim Jong has a short one, Mickey Mouse's isn't human, the Pope doesn't use his, and Cher doesn't have one. What is it? Last Names
And Jesus said, "Come forth and receive everlasting life." But John came fifth and only received a toaster oven.
Two Jews working in a shop. One of them asks:  -Abraham, how much is 13 times 8?  -Are we buying or selling?
If Jesus appears to you... Ask him to bevel-cut a jack rafter onto a door header. If he doesn't know what you mean, that's an imposter Jesus.
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and a pimple? A pimple doesn't come on a boys face until he's 13
How do nazi children kill jewish children? By locking them in an easy bake oven.
How does a Muslim clean a room?! with a Boom.
It came to be that Jesus returned to the earthly plane to save all mankind..... To his misfortune upon his arrival, he caught a horrid case of strep throat and was framed for murder.  On his day in court he reflected on being part god/part human and he wanted to get himself out of this ill fated event. No miracles.  So, he decided  to represent himself in front of the jury, but he could not speak due to his illness. Then the brilliant idea struck him, "why not use sign language to plead my innocence?", he thought to himself.  He then proceeded to explain his alibi.  He was Jesus, the Messiah , the son of God, and of course his peers would believe him.  Shortly after his plea to the court he was convicted of murder.  It turned out his story was full of holes.   
What does it take to fuck a jewish girl? Dunno, haven't met one
What's a Jew's least favorite thing about summer? Going to camp. 
A catholic priest, Baptist minister, and a rabbi are on a cruise ship When the ship begins to sink. They are making their way to the life boats when they notice that there are a bunch of un-escorted kids standing there. The Baptist minster says to the others, "what about the children?"  The rabbi says,"fuck the children."  The catholic priest asks, "do we have time for that?"
A Jew walks into a bar "Ouch", he says.
I know that Jesus was black Because he was carpenter yet you never heard about him building anything 
They say Jesus was a virgin.. But I'm pretty sure towards the end of his life he got nailed.
Q: What is the difference between a Protestant woman and a Muslim woman? A: Protestant woman gets stoned before they commit adultery. 
What was Jesus Christ's least favorite form of exercise? Cross fit.
I got beaten up by a Jewish guy at a Formula one circuit today I only said that I was a part of the Mazda race
How do you fit 30 jews in a smart car? One in the driver seat and 29 in the ash tray.
People think Jesus was so great... But all he did was give fish to a thousand people.  &amp;nbsp;  You forget that Hitler made 6 million people toast.
TIL there is a special kind of honey Muslims cannot eat. It is made by the Haram Bee. 
Jesus turned water into wine I turned a paycheck into whiskey. Your move Jesus.
God doesn't close a door... Because you have to be real to close things.
Israel just won two Olympic medals in Jewdo I'll show my self out
Jesus and Satan were having an on-going argument about who was better on the computer. They had been going at it for days, and frankly God was tired of hearing all the bickering.     Finally fed up, God said, 'THAT'S IT! I have had enough. I am going to setup a test that will run for two hours, and from those results, I will judge who does the better job.'  So Satan and Jesus sat down at the keyboards and typed away.     They moused.    They faxed.    They e-mailed.    They e-mailed with attachments.    They downloaded.    They did spreadsheets!    They wrote reports.    They created labels and cards.    They created charts and graphs.    They did some genealogy reports .   They did every job known to man.       Jesus worked with heavenly efficiency and Satan was faster than hell.  Then, ten minutes before their time was up, lightning suddenly flashed across the sky, thunder rolled, rain poured, and, of course, the power went off.  Satan stared at his blank screen and screamed every curse word known in the underworld.     Jesus just sighed.  Finally the electricity came back on, and each of them restarted their computers. Satan started searching frantically, screaming: 'It's gone! It's all GONE! 'I lost everything when the power went out!'  Meanwhile, Jesus quietly started printing out all of his files from the past two hours of work.     Satan observed this and became irate.  'Wait!' he screamed. 'That's not fair! He cheated! How come he has all his work and I don't have any?'     God just shrugged and said,  JESUS SAVES...
Why are Muslim Pokémon so easy to defeat? Because they always use Explosion or Self Destruct on the first turn.
2 Jews walk into a bank. Bartender looks at them and says, "Damn, I'm in the wrong joke."
Why couldn't Oscar save the Greek Jewish Popodopolous brothers suring the war? Schindler's lisp.
Why did no Muslims go to the gorilla exhibit? It was Harambe.
Two Jewish friends are walking down the street... Ben &amp; Adam are walking down the street &amp; notice a large billboard outside a church that reads "Convert to Catholicism &amp; make $50!" Ben ponders &amp; asks Adam if he should go in. Adam tells he should go for it and that he'll wait for him outside.    5 minutes later, Ben comes back outside. Adam asks him "So how was it like inside, man?" Ben replies "I'm not sure. I walked in. A priest threw holy water on me. Then he told me I was Catholic." Adam then asks him "So did they give you the $50?" Ben takes a look at him &amp; asks "Is money the only thing you Jews think about?!"
A Rabbi, a Lutheran Priest and a Catholic Priest are preparing for a party First the Rabbi goes into a liquor store and grabs Hennessy,  Then the Lutheran Priest goes into the liquor store and grabs Makers Mark Finally the Catholic Priest goes into the preschool and grabs Johnnie Walker
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon master? Ash
So Jesus walked into a hotel... Walks up to the registration desk, lays down a few nails and says "can you put me up for the weekend? "
What did Jesus say to the Romans after he rose from the dead? Don't ever cross me again
Jesus walks into a bar and asks for a glass of water. He then promptly turns the water into wine.   The barman says, "Oi! What do you think you're doing?"   Jesus replies, "I'm not paying your fucking prices!"
Jesus, Moses, and an old man play golf On the tenth hole Moses hits the ball first but the ball cuts and heads towards the pond, quickly Moses jams his club into the ground and the water parts and the ball lands on the bottom of the pond on dry ground.  Next Jesus goes and likewise the ball heads towards the pond but as it hits the water it just bounces and rolls across the surface.  Lastly, the old man hits the ball he slices harder than Jesus or Moses, but right before it hits the water a fish jumps up at eats the ball. As the fish is in the air an eagle swoops down and grabs the fish in its talons and starts to fly away. As the eagle flies away a dark cloud forms overhead and a lightening bolt hits the eagle. The eagle falls dropping the fish, the fish hits the ground a foot away from the hole and the ball rolls out of the fishes mouth into the hole.  Moses sighs and then turns to Jesus and says, "I hate it when your dad plays with us."
2 Jews walk into a bar... mitzvah
Why didn't Jesus like to play hockey? He didn't like getting nailed to the boards. 
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horse’s ass? A mechanic. 
A Catholic priest and an atheist are playing golf On the first hole, the atheist hits the ball into the woods, and exclaims "Oh, for Christ's sake! I missed." The priest tells him "careful my son, God will punish you if you use such language." They finish the hole, move on to the next hole, and, this time, the atheist hits the ball into the sand. He screams "God damn it, I missed!" to which the priest warns him once again.  Third hole, with the priest having a nice lead, the atheist hits the ball into the lake, and exclaims "God fucking dammit!"  Suddenly, the sky gets real dark, and lightning strikes the golf field. The clouds part, and a voice in the sky says "Jesus fucking Christ, I missed!"
At a picnic for a Catholic school the Mother Superior stacked a pile of apples on one end of a table with a sign saying, "Take only one apple please, God is watching." On the other end of the table was a pile of cookies, on which a second grade student had placed a sign saying, "Take all the cookies you want.. God is watching the apples."
A nun is teaching class in a Catholic children's home. She asks the students what they want to be when they grow up. One says a teacher, the other says doctor, the other says engineer and so on. Finally the question lands on quiet little girl in the back.   Nun: What would you like to be when you grow up? Girl: I'm afraid to say it out loud. Nun: Then come whisper it into my ear.   The girl scurries over and whispers something. The nuns face boils. She is both shocked and horrified. She screams "What did you say?!?!"   The girl startled yells out " I said I want to be a prostitute!"   The nun replies relieved " Oh thank the heavens I thought you said Protestant."   Edit: Heard this joke from a close family friend who is actually a priest. 
[Offensive] A Muslim an Atheist and a Hindu get stuck on the side of a road. A nearby farmer decides to let them stay at his house but he only has two beds so he says one of them will have to sleep in the barn.  The Atheist volunteers first and goes to sleep in the barn. However he knocks at the door of the house 15 minutes later and complains that he can't take the smell.  The Hindu offers to take his place because he is used to bad smells from his childhood in India.  However less than 5 minutes later the Hindu knocks at the door of the house and explains he cannot sleep there because there is a cow in the barn and they are too sacred to sleep by in his religion. Finally the Muslim offers to take his place in the barn.  Much to the farmers annoyance there is one more knock at the door and the now very angry farmer is surprised to see his goat in shock at the door.  "I can't sleep in there, man..."
Why did the letters A through Y hate the Jews? Because they were Not Z.
[nsfw] What did the Muslim man say before having sexual intercourse with a prostitute? I have my dick out for you, haram bae.
Jesus walks into a bar.. "Just 13 waters please."  *Winks at his disciples*
Why did the Muslim become a quarterback? He was good at throwing bombs.
A catholic school teacher was teaching a lesson one morning and asked his students where Jesus was. "Yes Susie" he said as he called on Susie whose hand was raised. "He's in heaven!" She shouted with pride. He called on Steven who said "He was in his heart" The only boy left with his hand raised with had the most unusual answer "He's in my bathroom!" Everyone had a puzzled look on his/her face. "Yeah!" Said the boy.. "My father bangs on the door every morning saying 'Jesus Christ, ya still in there?"
Roses are red-ish... Violets are blue-ish.  If it wasn't for Jesus, we'd all be Jewish.
Why did the Muslim gorilla reject a banana? It's Haram-be.
Why do Muslims love shopping at Ross? Because they can dress foreless.
What did Jesus say to Peter? Hebrew
What's the difference between jesus and a hooker? The noises they make as you're nailing them
whats the difference between a jew and a cupcake Nothing they've both been in the oven
a girl goes up to her Jewish dad and asks him for $20 The dad replies:  "20 dollars?! What do you need $15 dollars for anyways?  OK, fine, here's your $10" and hands her a 5.
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Go player? What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Go Player?  Ash...
Nsfw Whats the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit? The zit waits untill you're 12 to come onto your face.
Why isn't Sonic the Hedgehog Muslim? Because once Ramadan is over, he can't stop fasting!
A Pope dies... ....and goes to heaven. Upon arrival he is ushered into a long queue of people to be judged for his sins. He says to the usher, "I'm the Pope, I don't need to be judged." The usher just shakes his head and pushes the Pope forwards towards the back of the line.   The Pope looks ahead and sees that the line is very long. There are about 70 people lining up and each person takes roughly 10 mins before they are let free. Thinking he's going to be waiting for a number of hours, he has a bright idea and walks up to the front of the queue.   Not wanting to be too greedy he speaks to the person third in line from the front. He says, "I'm the Pope, let me stand in front of you." The man replies with, "Sorry I'm a Christian, I don't recognise the authority of the Pope."   Not giving up hope the Pope goes and asks the same question to the second person in line. The man is from a lost tribe deep within the Amazon forests. The tribesman replies with, "What's a Pope?"   Still not giving up, the Pope goes to the man at the front of the line. Thankfully, the man is a staunch Catholic and gladly lets the Pope stand in front of him.  A few minutes later the Pope is called up to the front. A man speaking on behalf of God says "You are about to be judged for the sins you have committed from being born up until you stepped forward towards me." "We use a points system, accumulate less than a certain number of points and you will go to heaven." "Accumulate too many points and you will go to hell for eternity." The Pope thinks to himself 'I'm the Pope, of course I'm going to heaven.' The man speaks again, saying, "The verdict is.... Unfortunately, you are going to hell." The Pope retorts with "No, no, there must be a mistake. I'm the Pope, if anything I should be the first person to go to heaven." The man shakes his head apologetically and says "I'm sorry but you exceeded the number of points by 1. If you had committed one less sin you would have gone to heaven." Continuing, the man says, "I'll read out some of the sins you committed. One was not greeting an archbishop when he opened a door for you. Another, ordering the Vatican toilet block to be out of bounds while you did your business there in peace. A third, excommunicating a priest when he took your parking space."   The Pope then asks, "Well what was the last sin I committed to get me that one extra point?" The man replies with, "Cutting in to the front of this queue."  Came up with this as I was lying in bed sick. Don't ask why.
Where do Muslim dwarfs go to pray? The mosquito.
What's the difference between a gay Muslim in Iran and a gay Muslim in Cuba? In Iran, they're infidels. In Cuba, they're in Fidel.
Why don't Jews smoke weed? They had their fair share of being baked.
TIFU by putting ham in a muslim lady's foot long Whoops wrong sub  Edit: Apparently this is the original version of the joke https://www.reddit.com/r/Jokes/comments/2qmkf0/tifu_by_mixing_up_by_wifes_sandwich_order_at/ 
A Priest goes to an Eskimo Eskimo being far out in the wild did not know about religion and god etc. Priest tells him about god , heaven , hell , good deeds and bad deeds etc etc.  Then he says if you do bad things you will go to hell otherwise heaven. Eskimo: Ok, But I have already done some bad things, So will I be going to hell. Priest: Since you did not know about all this, It is fine, you will go to heaven if you do good things from now on. . . . Eskimo : Then why the fuck did you tell me about all this?
An Amish boy and his father were visiting a mall. They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again. The boy asked, "What is this, Father?"   The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, "Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is."   While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a rather heavy, not too attractive, older lady walked up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened and the lady walked between them into a small room.   The walls closed and the boy and his father watched the small circular numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until it reached the last number and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order.   Finally the walls opened up again and a beautiful, young woman stepped out. The father, said quietly to his son, "Go get your Mother".  
I was boarding a plane and sat behind a muslim and an overweight racist woman I was boarding a plane and sat behind a muslim and an overweight racist woman, Positioned in the lane towards the aisle. The muslim was right in front of me and the racist woman was just across the aisle from the muslim.  The woman stared at him and said "you goat fucker shouldn't be on this plane." She then proceeded to wave down a flight attendant and said that she didn't feel safe with this 'geeine' on the plane.  The muslim was starting to get a kick out of how someone could be so racist and misinformed, fighting to hold back a smile."  The flight attendant told her that the plane was full and couldn't switch her seats or let her off the plane as it was about to take off.  The woman began screaming as she was forced to sit down at her seat yelling loads of racial slurs.  Meanwhile the muslim thought this was so hilarious, he started belly laughing so hard that his grenades almost fell out of his pockets.
What's Jesus's favorite cereal? Christ Crispies
What theatre plays Jewish movies? The Cinegogue.
What do you call a Muslim flying a plane? A pilot
Whats the same about juice and jews They can both be concentrated  (Sorry if offended)
Where does a Muslim learn to swim? Inshallah water.
My Muslim girlfriend broke up with me the other day. She'll come to regret it. She just doesn't know what jihad.
Why did the Jews wander in the wilderness for 40 years? Someone dropped a penny. 
Why is Jesus always shown having a 6 pack? Because of all his cross training
Why wasn't Jesus born in Mexico? They couldn't find three wise men or a virgin.
Jesus christ, guys! Can we stop arguing about politics for ONE second and change subject to something more lighthearted? So what are your guys' thoughts on abortion? 
Two Jews are sitting on a dock... As two Jews are sitting on a dock, one of them decides to jump in due to it being fairly warm outside. After jumping in he turns to his buddy and tells him, "Water's pretty cold, Jovi!",  The other Jew sticks in his nose and says, "It's fucking deep, too!" 
Catholic School Standard Achievement Testing A problematic teenage girl was out sick from school during the week of standardized testing. She was able to make the tests up, but it had to be at a nearby Catholic school.   As they finished up each section of testing, the Catholic school teacher would go around asking students Bible trivia, although the girl from public school kept falling asleep.  As the teacher came around to ask the girl a Bible question, the boy behind her poked her in the side, right as the teacher asked who is the son of God. The girl spun around, startled, and said "Jesus Christ!"  The teacher was impressed, and continued her rounds throughout the room. When she got back to the teenage girl, she had fallen asleep again. As the teacher asked "Who gave their son to die for your sins?", The boy poked her again. The girl, angry, yelled "oh my God!"  The teacher, amazed at this girl's knowledge of Christian theology, figured that she would give this teenage girl a tough question. As the teacher came around the room for a final time, the girl had fallen asleep yet again. As the teacher asked "what did Eve say to Adam after their 50th child," the boy poked her awake one last time.  To this, the girl responded: "IF YOU STICK THAT IN ME ONE MORE TIME..."
Two jews start a quarrel in the middle of a market One yells «Abram's daughter is a WHORE!!!»  The other looks baffled for a second, then says «But I have no daughter!»  — «Then go through every row and tell them».
How do Muslims cook their eggs? Sunni side up.
Muslims are spreading their religion to the roots of society Textbook Radicle Islam.
As a second amendment guy I just don't think Jesus would have a problem with guns. Except nail guns of course
Jewish Sons. A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while. Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian. The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend.  The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the two of them went to see the Rabbi.  They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."  So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray. They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians."  There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . "
Where does Jesus get all his beers? Hebrews them himself 
What happened to Jesus' hot dog? It was crusifried.
A jewish son asks his father for money. The son goes up to his father and asks, "Dad, can I borrow twenty dollars?"   His fathers responds, "Fifteen dollars?! What are you gunna do with ten dollars?!" 
Catholic girls A train hits a bus filled with Catholic school girls and they all perish. They are in heaven trying to enter the pearly gates when St. Peter asks the first girl, "Mary-Agnes, have you ever had any contact with a male organ?"  She giggles and shyly replies, "Well, I once touched the head of one with the tip of my finger." St. Peter says," Okay, dip the tip of your finger in the Holy Water and pass through the gate."  St. Peter asks the next girl the same question, "Catherine, have you ever had any contact with a male organ?” The girl is a little reluctant but replies, "Well, once I fondled and stroked one." St. Peter says, "Okay, dip your whole hand in the Holy Water and pass through the gate."  All of a sudden, there is a lot of commotion in the line of girls. One girl is pushing her way to the front of the line. When she reaches the front, St. Peter says, "Agatha! What seems to be the rush?" The girl replies, "If I'm going to have to gargle that Holy Water, I want to do it before Brenda sticks her ass in it." 
Jesus sits down one day and considers the high rate of drug abuse that will follow long after his time on earth... He thinks its a bit hypocritical of him to condemn them, without first trying them himself, so he sends out his apostle's to see what drugs they can find.  A couple day's later Jesus hears a knock at his door..."who is it" Jesus asks. "Paul" Jesus opens the door, what did you bring for me Paul? "Hashish from Morocco" A few minutes later there's a second knock on the door, "who is it" Jesus asks? "Its Mark" Jesus opens the door, "what did you bring me Mark"? "Cocaine from Colombia" replies Mark. There's another knock at the door, "Who is it" asks Jesus? "Its Mathew" Jesus opens the door, "what have you brought me Mathew"?  "Heroin from Afghanistan" This continues for most of the day until there is a twelfth knock on the door. "Who is it" Asks Jesus? "Its Judas" "What did you bring me Judas"? "The FBI Mother Fuckers!!!
Whats the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew Harry made it out of the chamber
Every Monday afternoon, a Catholic priest and an Anglican vicar meet up at the local pub for a drink and a chat. One day, the vicar doesn't show up, but he DOES show up the next week.  The priest asks him why he stood him up.  "You won't believe this, but someone stole my bicycle!  I had to borrow a friend's." "You might be able to find your old one, but how?" the priest wondered.  After a minute of thought, his eyes lit up.  "I got it!  Next Sunday service, do a sermon on the Ten Commandments.  Watch the congregation as you get to 'thou shalt not steal'.  Whoever looks up probably has your bike." "Thanks!  I'll try that," the vicar happily says.  Next Monday, the vicar comes back to the pub as usual---pushing his old bicycle!  The priest asks him if his trick had worked.  "Yes and no.  I did the sermon about the Ten Commandments, but before I could get to the part about 'thou shalt not steal', I managed to remember where I left it---would you believe it, right as I was reading 'thou shalt not commit adultery'!"
Jesus walks into a bar "Just 12 waters please", while winking at his disciples. 
What's the worst part about being black and jewish? Getting ashy  Original joke credit to /u/MunchieMate
Why did the Muslim Gorilla loose his faith? Because haram is bae
Why are Jewish men circumcised? Because what Jewish woman could resist anything that's 20% off?
What does a muslim call his cousin? Haram-bae
So I talked to a prostitute that was a prophet today... She told me that I would succeed.   EDIT: A religion flair? 
Whats the difference between my dick and a catholic priest's? Mine is only out for Harambe.
Jesus came back the other day, but was arrested soon after... Turns out, there were several pedophile stings set up around the world because "Jesus loves the little children".
A Jew with a boner runs into a wall He breaks his nose
A Muslim man walks in to a bar and is chatting with the barman He asks the barman: "Who is your most idolized person", the barman replies "Ted Bundy, I loved his story, and his life", The muslim man replies: "You should not idolize rapists, especially child molesters", to which the barman says "You do, now order a drink or fuck off"
Conservatives keep telling me to find Jesus How am I supposed to find him if they want him sent back to mexico and want a wall to keep him out? 
I'm a Muslim parent with an honor roll student! My kid is the bomb
What would you call Jesus if he had no self-confidence? Jewish, he doesn't believe in himself.  
Why was Jesus such a hol(e)y infant? Sorry, that's my bad. I took a few bites when I heard he was tender and mild.
If muslims want to get into the US, they can just pretend they're Christians. You know, just like Republicans.
A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while... A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while. Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian. The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend.  The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the two of them went to see the Rabbi.  They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."  So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray. They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians." There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . "
I live near an amish community.. some of the girls my age think I'm handsome and I guess they didn't get the memo that they're not supposed to act interested because they giggle all the time and act bashful instead of ignoring me and playing hard to get. It's almost like they're a couple years behind the times.
Why most terrorists are Muslims? Because most of them Ahmad.
What does the H stand for in Jesus H. Christ? Haploid.
I found a wallet today, and as a practicing Christian, I asked myself "what would Jesus do?" So I turned it into wine.
What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew? Harry Potter made it out the chamber alive
I was walking through the mall and I saw a Muslim bookstore. I was curious to what was actually in a Muslim bookstore so I went in.  As I walked around I saw the salesman give me the stink eye, but asked if he could help me.   I knew I probably wasn't his usual clientele, so I asked "Do you have a copy of Donald Trump's book on his U.S. Immigration policy regarding Muslims and illegal aliens?"  He replied "Kiss my ass! Get out and stay out!"  I said, "Yes that's the one!! Do you have it in paperback?"
Why is Jesus like a hooker? They're the only ones that love me.
"Rabbi, why are the Jews so hated?" At a meeting in a synagogue, a young Jew asked the wise old Rabbi: "Rabbi, why do people hate us so much?" The Rabbi thinks for a while and says "That is an interesting question. We will all talk about it tomorrow over some vodka! Each one of you shall bring a bottle of fine vodka, so we can mix it all up in a big pot and drink, discuss, and then the answer will be clear."    The young Jew went home and thought to himself "if everyone else is going to bring a bottle of vodka, I'll just bring a bottle of water and no one will be the wiser." Next day the young Jew showed up with a vodka bottle filled with water, anxious to see what answer the Rabbi would provide to his question. The Rabbi started to pour all the vodka together in one pot and began stirring it. The young Jew got impatient - "Please, Rabbi! What is the answer to my question? Why do people hate us so much?" The Rabbi then filled a cup, gave it to the young Jew and said "Drink this now!" The young Jew drank the cup and said "But this is just wat**e**r!" And the Rabbi said "and that is why the people hate us"
What's the difference between a pizza and a jew The pizza doesn't scream in the oven
Son asks dad for money (Jewish joke) Son: "Dad can I borrow $20?" Dad: $15?! What on earth do u need $10 for? Oh ok here's 5.
A Jewish kid asks his Dad: 'Dad, can I have 50 pence please?' The father replies: '40 pence?! what do you want 30 pence for?'
How Do You Pick Up a Jewish Girl? Broom and dustpan
What do you call a Jew who gets beat by women? Bernie Sanders.
I'm interested in this girl who only dates Catholic guys... ... I guess you could call me a pope-less romantic
Why did Jesus get a ticket? He tried to skip the Cross walk.
Hitler was caught jacking off by a dead jew. Hitler: Oh no, I did Nazi you there.
What do you call a Muslim entering America? Same as every other person, a tourist
What do muslims color with? Qurayons
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture.
what's the difference between Jesus and a picture of jesus the picture only needs one nail to hang
I walk up to a Jew in a bar. Excuse me, sir. Do you like your drinks carbonated?
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? Go to Auschwitz with a dust pan
What do you call it when the pope disagrees with the Catholic Church? Inapoperiate behaviour 
What did the Jewish girl say when she saw a buffed guy? Oy Whey. 
What do you call a mass killing of muslims The Allahcaust 
A jew, a Hindu, and a politician who were traveling together were tired and needed a place to stay the night. They arrived at a farmer's house and requested to stay the night.  The farmer informed them that he had one extra bedroom, so two of them could share the bed.  One would have to sleep in the barn.  The hindu, being very polite, offers to sleep in the barn.  Later that night, the Hindu knocks on the door and informs the other men that he is unable to sleep in the barn, because there is a cow in there, and it is against his religion to associate with cows.   The jew, also being polite, offers to sleep in the barn.  Later, he knocks on the door and informs the other men that he is unable to sleep in the barn, as there is a pig in there, and it is against his religion to be near pigs.    The politician, being generous, then offers to sleep in the barn.    Later that night, the farmer hears a knock on the door.  It was the pig and the cow
How do the Muslims like their eggs cooked? Sunni side up. I know this is a Shiite joke.
You know why the Baptists don't make love standing up? They don't want people to think they're dancing.  Not my joke cheech marins I'm high as Fuck and thought you guys might like it too.
Being raised as a catholic was tough. As soon as I hit 12 I had acne come on my face, as did the priest. 
What do you call a Jewish adventurer? Torah the explora.
What is Jesus's favorite gun? A nail gun.
God loves everyone You know, it's in that book you hold up when you're yelling at gay people.
Jesus wakes up... My first original joke.  Jesus wakes up after a long time of sleeping. He hears two of his followers shout, "My Lord, it is time for your second coming!" He sits up and feels the wounds on his hands and feet ache. He groans and goes up to his mirror.  By this time, Jesus had grown quite a beard from being asleep. So he reaches for his razor and tries to grab it, but he recoils, thinking about his hands. He grabs it with force and groans with pain. While shaving, Jesus asks his servants, "do the humans really need a second coming, after all they did to me?"  The servants say quickly, "why, of course, my Lord! They have been waiting thousands of years!" Jesus ignores them and asks, "what time is it?" "It's January 30th, 1933, my lord," says one of the servants. Jesus suddenly stopped shaving. His beard was gone, but he had his hair, styled as an undercut, and a small, thin, greasy black mustache that was not shaven. He put his razor down, washed his face, and declares....  "No. It's payback time."
What's the Pope's favorite sandwich? Chimichurri-marinated chicken breast topped with provolone, “Holy Land” relish—chopped tomato, onion, cucumber, shallots, parsley, and garlic doused in a lemon vinaigrette—arugula, on a ciabatta roll.
How do you greet a German jerking off a group of Jews? JudenTug!
They don't bury an Amish man with his beard. They bury him with shovels.
How do you insult a Catholic? Any way you like, they have to forgive you!
Every man should seek an intimate relationship with Jesus. But not too intimate. Homosexuality is a sin.
What do you call a homosexual Muslim man in space? An astronaut, you racist fuck.
A man walks up to a jew.... And he says: " Hey aren't you that guy who owes me 10 dollars " " What do you mean 8 dollars? Where the hell would I get 6 dollars. I never took 4 dollars from you. Just take these 2 dollars and leave me be. "
I'm getting sick of Mexicans naming their children Jesus Jesus was not a Mexican, he was a human
What's the name Jewish pokemon trainer Ash
What do you call Muslims at the end of their religious service? Mosquitoes
Why do jews get circumcised? Because they like things 10% off
A Jewish boy asks his dad for 50 dollars... His dad says, "40 dollars?! What do you need 30 dollars for?!!"
I don't understand why the Catholic Church is so against gay pride After all, their central figure was nailed by four Roman guys.
Why are jewish potion makers all male? He brew
two Jews walk into a bar in Saudi Arabia two Jews walk into a bar... NOT IN THAT COUNTRY  
Why are all Jewish men circumsized? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't 10% off
Did you guys know the show 'Pokemon' is very jew-friendly? It's true, they named their lead character after a jew!
Why was jesus fit? Because he does CROSSfit.
What do the letters INRI on the crucifix of Jesus stand for? I'm nailed right In
Jewish Joke Old Jewish man on his death bed requests a priest. His family not understand why complies and requests a priest who on arrival is told by the old man that he wishes to convert to Christianity. The family is in disbelief and once the father has left asks the old man why? His replies "well if anyone has to die I would rather it be one of them".
What's the difference between me and a Jew? I sing in the shower.
What do you call a Jew who is too weak to work? Cole
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Him? It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
I'm not exactly Jew. I'm just Jewish. 
Jesus Christ is covered in blood, dying on the cross..  his disciples are gathered around, crying. Peter looks up and notices that Jesus seems to be calling him, "Peter, come hither!" Immediately Peter rushes over to the cross, only to be hit severely over the head by the roman guard. He gets on his feet again and wants to return to the other disciples when he hears Jesus calling again, "Peter, come hither!" So, again Peter tries to climb the cross to get to his lord, when the roman soldier draws his sword and chops Peter's arm off. Peter is getting a little pissed and wants to go back to his buddies, but again Jesus summons. The roman guard can't believe that Peter is trying yet AGAIN to climb to the cross, and chops off another arm. Peter is now covered in blood and demented from the blow to the head and wants to call it a day. Jesus hoarsly croaks, "Peter, please, come to me!" By now, the roman gurad is tired of chopping limbs, so he lets Peter be. The faithful disciple struggles to climb the cross (without arms mind you) and after a long while he finally arrives at his Lord's side. Hurting, suffering, bleeding, Peter looks into his Master's eyes and asks, "yes, my Lord. What is it?" Jesus smiles lovingly and looks off into the distance as a weak smile plays across his face, "Look Peter, I can see your house from here!"  .  
My Jewish girlfriend got mad when I let out a fart while watching tv. I said, honey. A little gas never hurt anyone. 
Not sure if Jesus was black or white... ...but he certainly wasn't asian, or people wouldn't be asking him to take the wheel.
How do you neutralise a hasidic jew? With a halkali jew
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash
What do you call the fee you have to pay a Jewish girl in order to hit on her? The holla cost. 
Catholics will get it :-) After his legs had been broken in an accident, Mr. Miller sued for damages,  claming that he was crippled and would have to spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair.  Although the insurance-company doctor testified that his bones had healed properly and that he was fully capable  of walking, the judge decided for the plaintiff and awarded him $500,000.    When he was wheeled into the insurance office to collect his check, Miller was confronted by several executives.  "You're not getting away with this, Miller," one said.  "We're going to watch you day and night.  If you take a single step, you'll not only repay the damages but stand trial for perjury.  Here's the money.  What do you intend to do with it?"    "My wife and I are going to travel," Miller replied.  "We'll go to Stockholm, Berlin, Rome, Athens and, finally, to a place called Lourdes -- where, gentlemen, you'll see yourselves one *hell* of a miracle!!".
Why did the Jews roam the desert for 400 years?  Someone lost a quarter.
A muslim walks into a bar and orders shots for everybody
Why are Jewish men Circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't 10% off
Jesus tried to solve a Rubik's cube He died on the cross.
Jew family invites guests for dinner There is bread on the table but no one's touching that. Jew from the kitchen: - Should I bring the chicken now? Another jew shouts back: - No, they haven't finished bread yet !!  Guests quickly eat the bread. Jew brings in the chicken and it finishes all the bread crumbs.
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew? A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven
why dont jewish people like getting made fun of? Because millions of them already got roasted
A Jewish man is travelling on the bus with his pregnant wife An elderly lady turns around and says "So when's the baby due?"  To which the Jewish man replies "when we cut off the tip of its penis"
What's the difference between a Baptist and a Catholic? Catholics acknowledge each other in the liquor aisle.  Extra:  What's the difference between Catholics and Lutherans?  Catholics just acknowledge each other in the liquor aisle, Lutherans have a 15 minute conversation about booze.
A good catholic joke The pope and Donald Trump are on the same stage in Yankee Stadium in front of a huge crowd!  The pope leans towards Trump and says "do you know that with one little wave of my hand I can make every person in the crowd go wild with joy?. This joy will not be a momentary display, but will go deep into their hearts and they'll forever speak of this day and rejoice!"  Trump replied "I seriously doubt that! With one little wave of your hand... show me!"  So the Pope backhanded him and knocked him off the stage! AND THE CROWD ROARED AND CHEERED WILDLY and there was happiness throughout the land!
My Muslim wife left me the other day.... I guess she didn't know what Jihad.
A black man, a muslim and a gypsy were in a car. Who was driving? A police officer.
The Pope dies. ...and stands in front of St. Peter.    "I would like to get into heaven. I am the pope."   "The what?"   "The pope. Vicar of God on earth."   "Ehm... let me check that. I'll be back."      Pete to God:      "There is a guy outside, calls himself the pope."   "The pope?"   "Yeah, he says he is your Vicar on earth."   "Hmmm. Never heard of him. Let's ask Jesus."      "Son, do you know anything about a pope? He is standing in front of the gates and wishes to enter."   "No idea... but I will talk to him."      A few minutes later Jesus returns, shaking with laughter:   "Apparently this club of fishermen I founded 2000 years ago still exists." 
Jesus one said: "he who lives by the sword will die by the sword" Apparently Jesus loved crossfit
What did the man tell Jesus when he found him on the streets begging? You're a messiah?
Jewish Joke A guy comes to a priest:  - Father, I've sinned - What is it, son? - I scammed a Jew - That's not a sin  - It's not? - No, it's a miracle
What do Vietnamese muslims eat? Halal Kitty
Where were Italian Jews forced to stay during WW2? Spaghettos 
A priest, Rabbi, and Muslim Cleric walk into a bar... The bartender looks up and goes, "what is this some sort of joke?"
Jews are so insecure... they constantly remind us their country isreal.
Why did Jesus quit playing ice hockey? He kept getting nailed to the boards. 
The Pope is a lot like Doctor Who He never dies, just keeps being replaced by white men.
What is Jesus' middle name? Harold. As is in the prayer, "Our Father who aren't in heaven, Harold by thy name"
How to tell the difference between Jews, Baptists, and Protestants Protestants don't recognize the Pope as the head of the Church  -  Jews don't recognize Jesus as the Messiah  -  Baptists don't recognize each other at the liquor store.  
What did the muslim say to the other muslim when they were surfing? That was radical!
I think Baptists make horrible baseball players because they believe in once safe, always safe.
Two Jewish guys walking past a church Two Jewish guys are walking when one notices a sign on a Catholic church that says "Convert to Christianity, and we'll give you $100."    The one says to the other, "should we do it?"     The other says "NO!! Are you crazy?"     The first guy replies "Hey, a hundred dollars is a hundred dollars... I'm gonna do it."  So he walks in to the church, and little while later, he walks back out.      The friend says "well, did you get the money?"                He replies "Oh that's all you people think about, isn't it?"
Contrary to common belief, only 5.7 million Jews were killed during the Holocuast, for you see... the Nazis were known for rounding them up.
Why do Jews have big noses? cuz air is free
What song would Jesus dance to? Prophet like its hot. 
I just realized something. Jesus backwards is susej =sausage. Jesus is a sausage. Is this a conspiracy? I really need to know
Moses, Jesus, and an old man are playing golf Moses steps up, takes a swing, and hits the golf ball into a pond. He pauses for a moment, goes down to the pond, raises his golf club, and splits the pond so that the ball falls onto ground. Moses then descend into the pond, hits the golf ball again, and manages to hit the ball into the hole.  Next is Jesus. He also hits the ball into the lake, but Jesus just walks onto the pond, takes another shot, and gets the golf ball in the hole.  The old man takes a calculated swing, but the ball also goes into the direction of the pond. But, right before the ball hit the pond, a fish jumps up, catching the ball in its mouth. Next, an eagle swoops down, snatches the fish in its mouth and flies to the hole. Then, the eagle drops the fish, who in turn drops the ball into the hole, making it a hole-in-one.  Moses scowls and says to Jesus, "You just *had* to bring your dad along with you, didn't you?"
Where do Muslims go when they die? Everywhere.
What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew? Harry made it out of the chamber alive...
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew? A boy scout comes back from his camp.
What kind of car does Jesus drive? A Christler.
How does a Muslim close a door? Islams it!
Whats the difference between a jew and pinochio? A jew doesn't have to lie to have a big nose.
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? With a dust-pan and brush
So a Higgs boson meets the Pope... "You can't have Mass without me."
What's a gay Muslim's favorite festival? Ramaman
What do you call a Muslim Flying an airplane A pilot
Have you heard about the new Jewish car? It turns on a dime and picks it up.
I hear jews don't use weed I guess they don't like getting baked.
A Black Guy, a Mexican, and a Muslim holding a Gay Chicken Walk Into a Bar Bartender says, "We don't do jokes in here."   The chicken says, "Come on guys I know a place across the street."
What's the easiest class in a Catholic school? Religion.  It has no facts to memorize 
Sometimes when I turn off the lights and masturbate, it feels like Jesus is watching me. Mexican prison is shit.
Jesus and Moses Sit On A Boat Enjoying Retirement **JESUS** Hey Moses, do you still, you know..... have it?  **MOSES** Have it?  **JESUS** Ya Ya.... You know.... That "trick" you used to do.  **MOSES** Oh buddy, I've still got it.  Moses moves to the front of the boat, shakes out his hands, claps them together and slowly separates them.  The lake parts and the boat sits between two enormous waves. Moses holds the water with extreme precision for a 10 count, and slams the waves back together.  **JESUS** WOW! Not bad for an old timer.  **MOSES** Well listen there J-Star, I wasn't gonna bring it up, but since you started it, do YOU still have it?  **JESUS** Moses...... I'm Jesus Christ. OF COURSE I still have it.  Fundamentally I have to have it or you can't have it, ya know?  **MOSES** Well the shoreline is only about 50 feet, I suppose you could --  Before Moses can get the rest of his sentence out of his mouth, Jesus sets down his wine, casts off his robe, moves to the front of the boat, and takes his first step out into the water...  *SPLASH* Jesus sinks like a stone.  Not ever having to be much of a swimmer, Jesus flails to the surface of the water and Moses reaches overboard and hauls him back up.  **MOSES** What happened ?!?  **JESUS** Last time I did this, I didn't have holes in my feet!
Damn girl, are you Muslim? 'cause that ass is bomb.
An old Jewish man goes to his rabbi. He says "Rabbi, I need your advice. My wife Sadie and I have been very happily married for 45 years. But as you know, I'm not quite as young as I used to be and lately I just can't get her to orgasm when we make love. I feel I am failing in my duties in marriage as man."  The rabbi thinks for a minute and says "Herschel, this is my advice. I want you to go to the gym at the Y and get the most fit and muscular young man that you can find. Bring him home with you next time you make love with your wife and have him wave a white towel next to the bed while you are making love. The waving towel will be sure to satisfy your wife."  The old man thanks the rabbi and leaves.  He returns a few days later and says "Rabbi, I followed your advice. I went to the Y. I found a 28 year old professional tennis player with the most muscular body I have ever seen. I took him home with me but not even he could help satisfy my Sadeleh with the waving towel. What am I to do now?"  The rabbi thinks for a minute and says "Herschel, this is what you do. You go to the gym and take this young man home with you. However this time, he makes love with your wife and you stand next to the bed waving the towel."   The old man is hesitant but he follows the wise rabbi's advice. He takes the young man home, the young man makes love with the old man's wife, while Herschel stands next to the bed waving the white towel. Sadie has a screaming orgasm and is the most satisfied she has ever been. Herschel grins and turns smugly to the young man and says "Now that's how you wave a towel young man!"
What is the worst part of being black and jewish? You have to sit in the back of the oven.
What do you call a Jewish Tailor? A Hebrewdasher
What's the difference between Santa Claus and the Jews? Santa goes *down* the chimney. 
A friend convinces a jew to donate to charity... The friend sees the jew put an envelope in the donation box and asks him   "How much money did you put in there?"  The jew replies "Money? Are envelopes really worth nothing nowadays?"
Why did the Catholic Priest cross the road? To get to the school yard.
Why is Jesus black? Because he's our father, and still hasn't come back yet....
Two Jews meet each other and one asks the other: Have you heard the joke where Hitler walks all by himself into the woods, only carrying a rope? "Never, but it sure has a promising ring to it!"
Why do all Muslims have circumcisions? Tips off for haram bae.
a muslim couple goes hunting and accidentally shot an ape. "ouch, that's a shame. can we eat him so he wouldn't die in vain?" said the girl. "no, we cant" the guy replied. "why?" "it's Haram, Bae"
What do my girlfriend and Jesus have in common? Not sure if either of them came once, but I know they haven't come a second time.
How do Muslims laugh? Halol
They should call Jupiter JEWpiter Because its a gas planet.
My Gran just asked me "What's the name of that God-damn Jew who keeps hiding stuff around my house!?" It's Alzheimer, grandma. Alzheimer.
Why do blacks believe in Jesus? Because that's the only Father they know.
So the KKK, BLM, and West Boro Baptist Church all walk into a protest, and start throwing piss at each other. It's funny because it's actually happening. 
How does a Jew make his coffee? Hebrews it
Jewish boy comes home from school and his mother and tells her he got in the school play. She asked him, "what part are you playing?" He said, "the husband!" The mother grew furious and said, "you march right back there and demand they give you a speaking part."
[Dirty] Why did Jesus die on the cross? He forgot the safe word.
Two Jews are walking in the street... And a christian comes out of the church and say – Fellow jews, I'll pay $100 for each one of you that start believing in Jesus! One jew enters the church and the other refuse, deciding to wait outside. After one hour the jew comes out of the church yelling: – I believe in Jesus! He is my lord and savior! –What about the money?  The jew yells:  –Always about the money! 
Jesus returned to earth... And stayed anonymous for a while, but eventually a priest discovered who he was. He was discreet, but insisted that he take a solid gold cross. Before he took it, he prayed to his father and said,   "Father, should I accept this gift?"  God replies, "The solid gold cross?"  "Yes."  "What would you do with a solid gold cross? You could hardly carry a wooden one!"
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew? You have to sit in the back of the oven.
A young Jewish guy from a small town visits his uncle in Tel Aviv.. His parents want him to meet some new Jewish friends, see the world, and have a good time.  His uncle recommends a good cafe to go visit where he could meet some new friends.   After a few hours out on the town he returns back to his uncle's place and immediately calls his parents on the phone. He's very excited and his parents asked him if he met any new people.    He tells his parents about all the unique ideas and philosophies the Jews have in Tel Aviv.   He excitedly tells his parents he met a Marxist, a staunch Capitalist, an Anarchist, an atheist, an agnostic, a Nihilist, a Deist, an Existentialist, a Humanist and even a very religious and observant Jew.    His parents say to him "of course! Tel Aviv is a very large and diverse city with all kinds of Jews with many different beliefs..." and he responds back "No, you don't understand! This was just ONE Jew!"
How did Jesus get so much karma for his Crucifixion? Crosspost.
Chuck Norris has more will power than Jesus Both went into the Judaean Desert and both encountered Satan there.   Jesus lasted forty days and nights never taking any of Satan's temptations.   While Chuck Norris left after only forty one days because Satan gave into Chuck Norris' temptations.
Russian Jew calls KGB - Hello, KGB? - Yes, what do you want? - Is it true that Jews sold Russia? - Yes, it is. - Can I get my share?
Despite using protection, why did the Pope get pregnant? His condom was holy
Three jews walk into a bar I lied, it was a gas chamber
How are posts on /r/jokes like Jesus? You can kill one but it comes back in three days
Why is Jesus always shown with a six pack of abs? Because hes Cross fit.   Happy easter!
Today, Jesus rose from the dead. He had been wipped, spat on, flogged, humiliated, and crucified. In fact, he was beaten so badly you'd think  he flew united.
What did the one jewish bird say to the other? Cheap cheap
What's the difference between a cancerous growth and a Roman Catholic tradition? One is a mass, and the other is.. actually they are exactly the same.
Man, black Jews must've had it rough... They had to sit in the back of the gas chamber.  (I'm so sorry)
Did you hear about the attack on the Catholic Church? It was a mass shooting. 
How does one spot a Jewish redneck? ...they leave their Menorah up year round
Christian to an Atheist, "If God isn't real, how do you explain walking on water? Can you walk on water like Jesus?" Atheist : Yes. Christian : Show me a video of you walking on water. Atheist : I don't need to. You just need to have faith that I did.
Movies about Jesus? Hollywood hasn't quite nailed it yet. 
How are Santa Claus and a Catholic priest alike? They both come out of little boys rooms with empty sacks.
What's something only catholic children can be touched by? A priest 
Catholic gossip... I just heard that the pope has made another new rule...  it's okay now to kiss a nun!  .  .   .   .   .   .   just as long as you don't get into the habit.
How do you tell a crazy Jew that it's all in his head? "It's psychosemitic"
What's Jesus' favorite car? A Christler.
Why did Jesus have a six pack? It was from all the cross-training...
I met Jesus today... He said "Hola, welcome to Taco Bell!"
What do you call a person who is a bit of a jew? Jew-ish   
How does Jesus make his coffee? Hebrews it.
Muslim guys walks into a bar... And says, "SHOTS FOR EVERYONE!"
Westboro baptist church decides to volunteer Because of bad press they've got lately, a couple of Westboro baptist church members in New York City decided to volunteer outside their community and improve relations.  So these two of New York's most fanatic characters are standing by the side of the road holding up a sign that reads, "THE END IS NEAR! TURN YOURSELF AROUND BEFORE ITS TOO LATE!" "Leave us alone you religious nuts!" yells a driver as he speeds by.  Suddenly, from around the curve they hear screeching tires and a big splash. This went on for a while till the insults were getting more than they were used toeven for them .  "Do you think," says one eccentric to the other, "we should just put up a sign that says 'Bridge Out of Order' instead?"
How do you tell the difference between a Sunni and a Shiite Muslim? The Sunni's are the ones with the Shiite blown out of them.
What's the difference between a girl scout and a Jew? Girl scouts come home from camp
Why do Jews have such big noses? Because air is free
A catholic choir is composing their own material. “Sweet Gsus, but I think what we need here is A minor.”
What do you get when you mix a hypocrite, Catholic, and comedian into a blender? Louis CK
So there is a Muslim transformers spin-off that revolves around ice cream. They transform into Allah-Mode.
What is a jew's favourite fighting style? Jew-jitssu
A muslim psychiatrist is the happiest married man on earth Out of four wives with multiple personality disorders he can always find one to be set just right
On Monday, a user posted the joke "Jesus" ...which was quickly down-voted and buried...It's been 3 days, has anyone seen it?
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza? A Jew is a person who follows Judaism, and pizza is a food...  I bet you expected a Holocaust joke. Jew thought wrong.
What do you call a Muslim Elvis Impersonator? Alam Shookup.
As a burglar breaks into a house, he hears a voice say "Jesus can see you" A burglar breaks into a house and heads for where he thinks the valuables are kept. Then he hears a voice say, “I can see you! Jesus can see you, too!”  He freezes in his tracks! He doesn’t move a muscle! A couple of minutes go by. The voice repeats “I can see you! Jesus can see you, too!” He slowly takes out his flashlight, switches it on, and looks around the room. He sees a bird cage with a parrot in it. “Did you say that?” he asks the parrot.  The parrot says again, “I can see you! Jesus can see you, too!” “Hah! So what? You’re just a parrot!” says the burglar. “I may be just a parrot,” replies the parrot. “But Jesus is a Doberman!”
Popemobile pulled over... So Pope Francis was on his tour of the world, when he came to US.  As he was walking out of his grand hotel and getting into the popemobile, he turned to his driver and said “You know, I haven’t had a chance to drive in years.  Ever since before I was a cardinal.  Would you mind if I took the car for a spin?  It would help me feel young again!”  The driver, being devoted and willing to do anything for the pope agreed, but asked where he should ride if His Holiness was going to be driving.  “Hop in the back, and let me be your driver for this trip!”  Laughing nervously, the chauffer agreed and hopped in the back of the Mercedes.  The pope cranked it up and zoomed away, not accounting for the horsepower in the Mercedes engine.   Down the road, Officer Murray was enjoying his first day on the job and sees a white Mercedes zoom by, cutting lanes, and making an illegal left hand turn.  Excitedly, he turns on his lights and prepares for his first traffic stop.  Calling in the stop, he walks up to the driver’s window, hand on his holstered weapon and ready for anything.  Stopping short of the window, with his “Driver’s license and registration please!” ready on his lips, he freezes and slowly backs away.  He reaches for his radio and calls his superior:   “Um…Sarge?  We have a problem.  I think I pulled over a VIP!”   “Murray?  What did you do now.  Did you pull over the mayor!?!”   “No Sarge…bigger!”   “Nobody told me the governor was in town!”   “No Sarge…even MORE VIP!”   “What? A foreign dignitary??  THE PRESIDENT?!?!”   “Sarge…I honestly don’t know who it is…but he has the POPE driving for him!!”
Every time my siblings fight over something, I ask myself "what would Jesus do?" So I break that thing into 5000 pieces.
I went to a Jewish wedding, and spotted a red sign. It said, "In case of wedding, break glass"
My son wants to dress as a Catholic Priest for Halloween... Well, he can go fuck himself.
I would love to thank Jesus For tending my garden but would like to fire him for tending to my wife's.
Jesus was worried about the drug epidemic plaguing the world Jesus was worried about the drug epidemic plaguing the world. In an effort to solve this dilemma, he decided that a few apostles would return to earth and fetch a sample of each drug, so they could understand what these substances did. Two days after the operation is implemented, the disciples begin to return. Jesus, waiting at the door, lets in each disciple: "Who is it?" "It's Mark" Jesus opens the door. "What did you bring Mark?" "Marijuana from Colombia" "Very well son, come in." Another soft knock is heard. "Who is it?" "It's Matthew" Jesus opens the door. "What did you bring Matthew?" "Cocaine from Bolivia" "Very well son, come in." At the next knock Jesus asks, "Who is it?" "It's John" Jesus opens the door. "What did you bring John?" "Crack from New York" "Very well son, come in." Someone starts pounding on the door. "Who is it?" "It's Judas" Jesus opens the door. "What did you bring Judas?" "FREEZE! THIS IS THE FBI!"
The pope and an atheist argue about god So the pope and an atheist start talking about wether or not god is real. the argument starts calm and over time becomes more and more heated. at one point the pope becomes annoyed and says with an outraged tone   "You are like a man that is in a completely dark room blindfolded looking for a black cat that isnt there"   The atheist answers "With all do respect, i think you and i arent that much different"  The pope asks "how so?"  Then the atheist answers "Well as far as i am concerned you are the blindfolded man in a dark room looking for a black cat that isnt there. the only difference is you found it"
If dogs are man's best friend, and jewelry is a women's best friend, what is a hermaphrodite's best friend? Trick question, hermaphrodites don't have friends.
A pedophile stopped by my apartment today According to my Catholic roommate, the proper term is "priest."
How do we know that Jesus wasn't born in Mexico? Because he'd never have been able to find 3 wise men and a virgin.
Why don't Baptists approve of premarital sex? Because it might lead to dancing.
What do you call a Jewish Ginger? Gingerbread.  Edit: Here comes the downvote brigade, haha!
How do you pick up a hot Jewish girl? With a dustpan and brush
What kind of car do Amish drive? An Oatsmobile.
One day Jesus was strolling around... ...when he comes across a sad old man, searching something desperately.  "What are you searching for old man?" He asks. "My son." responds the old man. Jesus tells the man that he will aid him in finding his son. But wanta more information: "Do you have any information about him? Anything specific, like, what does he look like?" "Well," the old man says "he had nails in his hands and legs..." Jesus is shocked. "D...Dad?" He asks, his voice trembling. The old man approaches Jesus, places his hands onto Jesus' cheeks. He asks: "Pinnocio??"
Did you hear about the Jew and the Scotsman who spent the night together? Apparently that's all they spent.
What do you get when you cross a gay man and a jew? A hit Brodway show
A jew in his deathbed... A jew in his deathbed is surrounded by his family. He asks if the wife is there; she was. He asks if his son was there; he was. He asked if his daughter was there, and she was.  As he finds out everyone's there, he has a heart attack. His final words were: -Why... is no one... in the shop...   Edit: This got me the most upvotes I've ever had, somehow.
Why does Popeye have such huge forearms? Olive Oil is a virgin
What bee is forbidden to the Muslims? Haram-bee
Why do Muslims keep toilet roll in the bedroom So that they can wipe their ass after doing a  shiite.
A Catholic, Jew, and a Muslim all walk into a bar and... ...they all work together. They're good friends and today had definitely been a rough day. They decided to go their favourite pub to let off some steam and to watch the Olympics on TV.
You don't see many Jewish beef cakes... Some guy tried to bake some but that ended up being genocide.
How do you starve a Jewish man? Put his coupons under his charity pamphlet.
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza? A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in an oven. 
Jesus drove a Honda but didn't talk about it. "For I did not speak of my own accord" John 12:49  
When I bought this car, no one told me there would be three jews in the air conditioner High, Norm and Max
Why are there no Jews on Jupiter? It's a gas planet.
What's the difference between Jesus and Mexicans? Jesus doesn't have tattoos of Mexicans all over his body.
Whats Jesus's Favourite Gun? A nail gun.
Its not a Muslim ban. Trump: "Its not a Muslim ban there are plenty of other Muslim countries that weren't banned. Its definitely not a Muslim ban" Darth Bannon: "No its not but its a good start"
Pope Francis gets a new car. He's in Chicago for an appearance.  His regular car is obviously not there and due to some mixup all they have is a huge SUV.  When Francis sees this beast he thinks for a second.  "Hey, I've been kind of curious about these things.  Do you mind if I drive?"  What are you supposed to say when the Pope asks that?  "Sure thing," says the driver.  He hops in back and Francis gets behind the wheel.  Francis is a little unused to all that engine power so they're lurching around downtown Chicago, alternating between 6 mph and 60.  Eventually a police cruiser turns on its lights and pulls them over.  One of the cops gets out of the cruiser and walks over.  The tinted window of the SUV rolls down and the cop turns white and runs back to the cruiser.  "Drive!" he tells his buddy.  "Who the hell was that?"  "I dunno but the Pope is his driver!"
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza. Pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven. 
You know urine trouble, when You see members of the KKK, Black Lives Matter And Westboro Baptist Church together at the RNC... They are bound to piss each other off. 
Looking For Jesus A young man walked into a church in a panic and says to the pastor, "I'm looking for Jesus" "I think he spoke to me!"  The pastor says "Go check the backyard"  After the young man leaves, the pastor says to himself "I thought Jesus couldn't speak English?"
What did the Jewish paedophile say to the young boy? Hey kid, wanna buy some candy?
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and acne. Acne waits until you're thirteen to come on your face.
Jesus was worried about the drug epidemic plaguing the world. In an effort to solve this dilemma, he decided that a few apostles would return to earth and fetch a sample of each drug, so they could understand what these substances did.  Two days after the operation is implemented, the disciples begin to return. Jesus, waiting at the door, lets in each disciple:   "Who is it?" "It's Mark" Jesus opens the door. "What did you bring Mark?" "Marijuana from Colombia" "Very well son, come in."   Another soft knock is heard. "Who is it?" "It's Matthew" Jesus opens the door. "What did you bring Matthew?" "Cocaine from Bolivia" "Very well son, come in."   At the next knock Jesus asks, "Who is it?" "It's John" Jesus opens the door. "What did you bring John?" "Crack from New York" "Very well son, come in."   Someone starts pounding on the door. "Who is it?" "It's Judas"   Jesus opens the door. "What did you bring Judas?" "FREEZE! THIS IS THE FBI!"  
What do you call an angry Muslim in Ramadan? Fastin' Furious
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza? When a pizza gets burned in the oven, you care.
Two Jews walk into a bar. THEY OWN IT!  
Why do Jewish men have to be circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't 20% off. 
Asking your Jewish father for money Jewish boy asks his Dad for 50 bucks. Dad goes, 40 dollars???? What the hell you need 30 dollars for????!!!
Why don't Jewish girls study on their period? Concentration Cramps
Jewish Business A fleeing Taliban, desperate for water, was trudging through the Afghanistan desert when he saw something far off in the distance. Hoping to find water, he hurried towards it, only to find a little old Jewish man at a small stand selling ties.   The Taliban asked, “Do you have water?”   The Jewish man replied, “I have no water. Would you like to buy a tie? They are only $5.”   The Taliban shouted, “Infidel! I do not need an over-priced tie! I need water! I should kill you, but I must find water first!”   “OK, OK” said the old Jewish man, “It does not matter that you do not want to buy a tie and that you hate me. I will show you that I am bigger than that. If you continue over that hill to the east for about two miles, you will find a lovely restaurant. It has all the ice cold water you need. Shalom.”   Muttering, the Taliban staggered away over the hill. Several hours later he staggered back, almost dead… “Your f***ing brother won’t let me in without a tie!” 
I asked my butcher for Jewish chicken wings. Cut with the tips off.
What's the difference between catholic priests and pimples? Pimples wait until you're a teen to come on your face.
Where do Jewish people go to save money on bulk food? Holocaust-co.
A Catholic boy goes to confession... A Catholic boy goes to confession:   "Bless me Father for I have sinned, I masturbated while thinking about my sister."   "That's a disgrace!" said the priest, "Especially when you have two gorgeous brothers!"
What does a Jewish pedophile say? "You wanna buy some candy?"
[Offensive] A muslim calls a suicide hotline. H: Whats the problem?   M: I have suicidal thoughts.   H: Great! Can you pilot a plane?
A jewish kid is going on a school trip "Dad can I have $20 for the school trip?"  "10 dollars?  What do you need 5 dollars for?"
Why'd the muslim fail kindergarten? He couldn't count up to ten, just down
Why are so many Jews stoners? It seems they still have a habit of being baked.
Why do jews dislike me? I'm just very gassy.
What do Baptist weddings and bad jokes have in common? A disappointing punchline.
Why are Japanese people scared of Muslim women? They think they are ninjas. 
Why does jesus not play video games? Everytime he dies he has to wait 3 days to respawn
How do Muslims do foreplay? They tickle the goat on the chin.
Jewish guy runs home from work, panting and trying to catch his breath. He plops down at the kitchen table, where his wife was cooking dinner.  Wife asks, "What happened Motek? Why are you so exhausted?"  Guy says with a huge smile, "Chooki, instead of taking the bus home from work today, I ran all the way behind it and saved $2.50!"  He was extremely proud of himself and thought his wife would be happy with him for saving money.  Instead his wife screams, " Ben-zona! Why didn't you run behind a taxi, and save $15?!"
A Jehovah's Witness knocks on a Jew's door... Jew: "Can I help you?"  Witness: "Hello sir, I'm here to tell you about the great Lord Jehovah!"  Jew: "Is that what you call him? You know, we have a name for him too..."  Witness: "No way?!"  Jew: "Yahweh."
What did Jesus say right before the last supper? Everybody get on this side of the table if you want to be in the picture. 
How does a jew make his tea? Hebrews it
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe? A Jew doesn't tip.
Jesus is doing fantastically well at this crossword He's nailed two across.
Jesus walks into a bar. Because the bar had caused him physical harm, Jesus told it "Because of your selfish need to whack people, I condemn thee to the confines of hell, as you will no longer be able to torment, for you will be tormented." And poof! The bar is gone.   The Golden Gate Bridge collapses.
Jesus wasn't angry at the soldiers who crucifixed him He was just crossed.
A Jewish father and son were fleeing from Germany to America After a while, the kid asks "Dad, are we there yet?", and the old man answers "Quiet and keep swimming!"
Two Jews are walking down the street... Two Jews are walking down the street when they pass a church with a sign saying "Become Catholic and get $50" They look at each other and decide they can't resist the offer.   So one of them goes in. After 10 minutes, he finally comes out and says "The ad doesn't lie, I am now a Catholic"  "I could care less about that, I want to know if you got your $50"  "Is that all you Jews think about?"
Some Jews are standing in a firing line (told to me by a Holocaust survivor) So a bunch of Jews are standing in a firing line, lined up against a wall waiting to be executed.  The second-to-last Jew is watching as the Nazi soldiers patiently put 2 bullets in each head, slowly making their way down the line. Second-to-last Jew turns to the last guy in line and says, "I don't want to watch this.. You think I should ask for a blindfold?"  The last Jew quickly covers the other Jew's mouth and says, "No, no! You don't want to start any trouble!"
A photographer went to a Catholic church... ...and caused a mass shooting.
Wolverine cannot become a muslim. It grows back!
My wife got mad because I lost £3,420 gambling. Jesus, woman! It's not even YOUR money... Anymore.
Why doesn’t Jesus eat M&amp;Ms? They keep falling through the holes in his hands
What's another name for Jesus' mom's vagina? The Holy of Holes
Hey Jesus,stop turning the water into wine. I'm trying to take a shower
Ahmad, a Muslim American man, was at the United States border... Ahmad, a Muslim American man, was at the United States border, returning to the USA after a holiday in Canada.  He rolled down the window to his car and pulled up to the Border Guard who was waving him forward.  "What is the purpose of your visit?" asked the border guard.  'I'm an American. I'm returning home," replied Ahmad.  "Are you aware of President Trump's executive orders regarding Muslims?" asked the border guard.  "Yes. But I'm not from one of the seven nations in the order. Also I am an American citizen," replied Ahmad.  "What are your thoughts on the order?" asked the border guard.  "The United States has the right to protect itself."  "And what are your thoughts on President Trump?" asked the board guard.  "Well... certainly I feel the same way about him that you do," replied Ahmad.  "If that were true, I'd have to arrest you," replied the border guard.
[Dirty] What is the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew? Harry escaped the chamber.
where do they send jewish kids that have have adhd? concentration camp
What's the difference between a bad steak and a short Jew? One is a cheap cut that's hard to get rid of... And the other is a little jewwy.
Heinrich Himmler tells the Jews... "I'm going to build you a house. If I see someone at the window, I will instantly kill him" He built a glasshouse.
Whenever I'm in trouble, I think: what would Jesus do? Then I pretend to be dead and disappear for three days.
Hitler started the first ever Jewish Marathon.. But he couldn't finish the race
Hitler takes 3 jews to a cliff he tells one jew to stand still and pushed him off the cliff  he tells the second jaw to sit and pushed him off the cliff   he tells the third jew to sit and extend his arms sideways and again, pushed him off the cliff.   after they fall Himmler comes in a hurry and urges Hitler to help with the war effort, Hitler is mad and tells him "Himmler, don't you ever interrupt me while i play Tetris!" 
I don't have a problem with jews but I do hate the Star of David. I guess you could say I'm very antisymmetric 
What did Jesus eat for dessert after the Last Supper? an Easter Sundae
Why did Jesus cross the road? He saw a crosswalk.
What do you call a flying Jew? Smoke.
Why do Jewish women use gold diaphragms? Because they like to come into money.
What is an orthodox Jew's biggest dilemma? Free pork.
Why can't Jews become Morris Dancers? You have to be a complete prick to be a Morris Dancer. 
Son asks Jewish dad for money Son: Dad, can you give me fifty dollars?  Dad: Fourty dollars? Why do you need thirty dollars? Here, take twenty and split it with your sister.
Whats the worst part about being a black jew? You have to sit in the back of the oven
Why don't Jews have showers in their homes? Because they're too cheap to pay the bills. 
Jesus at a restaurant in Heaven... "Holy cow!"  "Yes, Lord. I am both you server and your steak. How would you like me cooked?"  "Well done, my good and faithful sirloin."
close to Dave's joke with a Pope The Pope goes to New York. He is picked up at the airport by a professional driver with a nice Bmw M5. Usually it's a limousine but lately pope enjoys more like sports cars.  He looks at the beautiful car and says to the driver, ''You know brother, I hardly ever get to drive. Would you mind?''  The driver is confused and hesistant and says, ''I'm really sorry Pope, but I don't think I'm supposed to do that.''  " I have clear orders to transport you safe" But the pope persists, ''Kid, i do understund that, but i really would like to drive besides who do you think gave the orders for you to show up here today??'' Pope with a serious voice. The driver then thinks that he really cannot get in trouble, i mean it's Pope. When i don't let him drive this might as well be by last day of work or he thinks.  So the pope takes the wheel  everything is smooth. Pope tells the driver to tune in some music as they drive towards the highway just one intersection ahead with a red light. Pope then says quietly "oh my god how long i wanted to do that" "Whats that?" driver asks as he did not hear what pope sayd. Pope says nothing.  They stop at the red light and then out the blue when green light hits pope takes off like a race driver -1st gear 5000rpm-2nd gear 6000rpm-3rd 7000rpm-engine roaring madly then forht and fifth gear as he hits the gas and goes over 100 mph  still in a 45 zone. Driver is shocked and at first he could not get a word out to say anything as he was worried to look at the road.  Finally driver is able to speak and he almost screams at pope to stop the car "Oh relax kiddo" says pope as they take off into highway where pope then really puts the car into test and within seconds they hit 150mph. Pope has a big smile as driver near him is almost crying. With all the thoughts that what could happen as he remembers the contract he signed before coming to pick up Pope. *An absolute safety was required* and if anything happens with Pope he was guaranteed to go away for life. A policeman notices speeding car and takes off to stop it. Pope and a driver notice red flashing lights catching up in rear mirror. Driver then again almost screams that this is police after us and you must stop now! Pope looks not to be bothered and continues. Cop car now gets really close and over the loud speakers gives instructions to pull over. Still nothing. Then again from loud speakers cop commands to pull over or shots will be fired. Driver is now crying as he thinks that hes life is over. As pope sees him crying he then start to slowly break and pulls over.   The cop walks up and asks the pope to roll down the window. Startled and confused, the young officer asks the pope to wait a minute and he runs back to the car.   He and radios the chief.  Cop: ''Chief, I have a serious problem.''  Chief: ''What sort of problem?''  Cop: ''Well, you see, I pulled over this guy for driving way over the speed limit but it's someone really important.''  Chief: ''Important like the mayor?''  Cop: ''No, no, much more important than that, I think i fucked up sir.''  Chief: ''Important like the governor?''  Cop: ''Wayyyyyy more important than that sir.''  Chief: ''Like the president?''  Cop: ''More more more sir. I believe im in so much trouble, pleaee chief you have to help me" Chief: ''Who's more important than the president?" chief then angry and confused at the same time. Cop: ''I don't know chief, but he's got the pope DRIVING for him!''
Mattel released a Muslim Barbie... It's a blow-up doll.
What kind of car does Jesus drive? A Christler. Oh no. Wait.. He drove a Honda.  But he didn't like talking about it.  John 12:49 : &gt; For I did not speak of my own Accord.    
Hitler's favorite drink isn't Apple Jews, It's Orange Jews, because it has 100% concentration.
Why couldn't Jesus cross the street alone? ...He had two holed hands.
Normally Jesus loving you is a good thing. Unless you're in prison.
Years later, Jesus writes a thank you letter to the three wise men "Hello Wise Men, Thanks for the Frankincense, first wise man, I will make great use of it, perhaps not now, but later in life. Second wise man, I am very pleased with the Myrrh, it smells wonderful and I have begun scenting my new house with it. However, third wise man, I am very tired and cannot remember the gift that you gave. I may send you a note in the future."  Days later in the wise men's house, another letter arrives. 
Who was the most well known Jewish cook? Hitler!
A Jewish businessman sent his son to Israel for a year... ...so he could know a bit more about their culture. When he came back home, the son said:  'Dad, Israel was great! Oh and by the way, I became Christian.'  'Oh no!' said the father. 'What have I done?'  The father then went to hang out with his best friend and told him about his misfortune. His friend said:  'What you're telling me here is interesting. I, too, sent my son to Israel and he returned a Christian as well. Perhaps we should ask our rabbi.'  So they went to the rabbi and told him about their problem.  'What you're telling me here is interesting. I, too, sent my son to Israel and he returned a Christan as well. What's happened to our sons?'  After this short conversation, they decide to pray to God for their sons, and ask Him for guidance. Once they finished praying, a resonant voice from above said:  'What you're telling me here is interesting. I, too, sent my son to Israel...'
A Muslim Woman wanted to fuck a gorilla. Her husband objected and said... "That's Haram, bae."
how to get jew out of his hole? Shake your bag of coins
What is the difference between Jesus and a wall painting? The painting needs only one nail.
MacGyver, Optimus Prime, Jesus and I went to a bar... MacGyver started talking about how he can make a phone out of pretty much any items laying around in the bar. Optimus Prime just had to one-up and said he could actually transform himself into a phone. We all looked at Jesus. Jesus was all smuck and told us he could take any phone and use it to call The God himself. They all turned to me. And there I was just thinking  to myself: "I must be on acid again" :(
Where do Muslim sheep go to hajj? The Kabaa
What is the similarity between MacDonalds and the Pope They both like putting meat in 10 year old buns
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a jew? Santa Claus comes DOWN the chimney...
I can't help but think that The Last Supper must have been a bit tense... ...with Jesus relating the bread to his broken skin and the wine to his own blood.  I bet no one touched the meatballs.
How many Jews does it take to change a light bulb? Trick question. Gas chambers don't have light bulbs.
What do you call a group of Jewish friends? Hebros.
What's the difference between a picture of Jesus and the real thing ? The picture of Jesus only takes one nail to hang up .
Why didn't the Romans try to kill Jesus after he rose from the dead? They were too afraid to double cross him.
What's the difference between 6 million dollars and 6 million Jews? I give a fuck if you shove 6 million dollars in the oven
Why does Jesus suck at Call of Duty? Because it takes him 3 days to respawn.
How do you pick up a Muslim girl? Piece by piece
What do you call a Muslim man's fifth wife? Harambae
How many Jews does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Probably one, they're not stupid just evil.
Jesus was originally supposed to come back on the second day... But he suffered from some resurrectile dysfunction
What's the difference between a catholic priest and acne? Acne doesn't come on a person's face until he hits 13.
what's the difference between a jew and a shoe? Shoes have soles
Why do jews have such big noses? Because oxygen is free
What is the best method of transportation for Jews? A dustpan
The Catholic Church obviously supports science. Case in point: the higher the Mass, the greater the gravity!
Indian Jews! Two Jewish men, Sid and Al, were sitting in a Indian restaurant in New York .. Sid asked Al, 'Are there any Jewish people of our faith born and raised in India ?'  Al replied, 'I don't know, let's just ask our waiter.'  When the waiter came by, Al asked him, 'Are there any Indian Jews?'  The waiter said, 'I doont be knowing, I ask cooksaheb..' He returned from the kitchen in a few minutes and said, 'No sir, no Indian Jews.'  Al wasn't really satisfied with that and asked, 'Are you absolutely sure?'  The waiter, realizing he was dealing with 'foreigners' gave the expected answer, 'I check again,' and went back into the kitchen.  While the waiter was away in the kitchen, Sid said, 'I find it hard to believe that there are no Jews in India   . Our people are scattered everywhere.'  The waiter returned and said, 'Cooksaheb say there is no Indian Jews.'  'Are you certain?' Al asked once again, 'I just can't believe there are no Indian Jews!'  ! Listen, I asked EVERYONE,' replied the frustrated waiter. 'All we have is Mango Jews, Pineapple Jews, Orange Jews, Coconut Jews &amp; Tomato Jews!   - No Indian Jews !!!'
Why are Jewish men usually circumcised? Because Jewish women won't take anything that's less than 10% off
What's The Difference Between Santa and a Muslim? Santa will be able to enter the united states next year!
After being an atheist for so long, I am now a catholic. Idk. I just really like cats 
What do you call Pope Benedict after his final day in the papal office? Ex-Benedict. 
(My 99 y/o Jewish grandma told me this joke tonight and I have never heard it before) - "Why was Abraham Lincoln Jewish?" Because he was shot in the temple.
What did a German say to a Jewish man when he sneezed? Gesundheit
I was at the bar, listening to this girl brag to me about all of her fancy jewelry... Finally I just said, *I don't carat all*
A car hit a Jewish man. The paramedic says, “Are you comfortable?” The man says, “I make a good living. 
My Muslim boyfriend wants to hunt gorillas.... I told him "No, that's haram, bae."
Jesus's crucifiers took an opinion poll "Did we screw up our job or did we nail it?".
Join the Jew club after school today! We meet in the kiln!
What did the altar boy say to the Pope? Oh God...
My Muslim girlfriend wants to blow me Should I be excited or call the cops?
Why did the French police arrested the Muslim teenager? Because he was trying to detonate a Samsung Note 7.
What did the nazi say when a jew called it a man? "Did Jew just assume my gender?"
What did the Jewish Mexican call his non-Jewish friends? His amigoys.
How do Muslims laugh? Muahahahamed   Note: I don't have any prejudices against Islamic people.
Whenever I meet a young muslim I ask them.. "What do you want to be when you blow up?"
Why is Jesus Jewish? He doesn't believe in himself.
[Offensive] One from the pub again: an old Jewish man wins the lottery... It's a big old lottery, and he has to go up on stage to accept it.   His speech? He thanks his mum, his dad, his family, and then Hitler.   Everyone's all riled up. They ask: why Hitler?   He rolls up his sleeve, flips his arm over, and tells the crowd: "Well, he gave me the numbers."   
What do you call a Jewish vampire? Nosferajew!
BREAKING: MUSLIM EXTREMISTS DESTROY THE THREE GORGES DAM IN CHINA USING A SPEEDBOAT One witness to this came forth and said "We couldn't do anything about it. They just rammed the dam."
What do Betsy Devos and the Catholic Church have in common? They may help some, but it's mostly just a bunch of kids getting fucked.
A liberal goes to Muslim country A liberal is greatly saddened by the election of Trump and fed up with America's overwhelming islamphobia that helped him get into the oval office and decided to spend her paid vacation visiting a place where tons of Muslims work, eat, sleep and live merrily all their lives. She decided to forgo the unstable, war-torn part but instead go for a relatively developed, affluent and peaceful part of the Islamic world.  First thing she noticed after she got off the air plane - Muslim women can and do drive! "Ah, another islamphobic myth dispelled" She thoguht. And then she saw women wearing hijab doing shopping without male companions. "Gee" she thought to herself:"This nothing like what was told in America's ultra rightwing mainstream media!"  And then she felt a bit hungry and decided to get some snacks and a cup of coffee. She found this coffee shop. Before entering, a middle-eastern man rushed to her side, opened up the door for her and held it, "after you, dear lady" the man said.  "Oh my oh my!" She said, no one did that in Seattle, where I came from! "Muslim men do respect women a lot!" She talked to herself in her heart."Curse them anti-islamic propaganda!"  After the coffee, she decided to leave, but before she taking out her credit card and pay the bill, the waiter said to her: you are not from around here are you? My boss said you don't have to pay the bill, just take it as a welcoming gift."  She got absolutely flabbergasted. She was so moved that she couldn't walk a straight line. She stumbled outside, unable to hold back tears.   Right after she got out, she saw a peaceful protest with Muslim holding parades chanting anti-Trump slogans. No riots, no smashing, no looting, just a peaceful parade.  "If only we live in a world without Trump." She murmured."We will all be brothers and sisters living together in perfect harmony."  Being a huge liberal she is, she couldn't help but joined and chanted the slogan with the parade. A Persian looking girl about her age moved close to her and wrapped around her head a hijab.  "Dear me," she thought, I almost forgot I should respect their culture!!" "Shokran" she said with a smile to the Persian looking girl.  "You are more than welcome" The girl replied politely in perfect English. Our liberal took a glance at the hijab and she was absolutely shocked. The hijab isn't a dull grey one or one with traditional Islamic pattern, but an American flag!  The liberal finally lost it. She started crying. "This is absolutely the best day in my life." She thought as she took her phone out.  She dialed her dad, who is teaching culture studies in Cal state. Over the phone came a familiar voice:"Hey Chloe my special little girl, whats up?"  The liberal sobbed into the phone:"Dad! Daddyy! Dearborn is awesome!" 
Radical Muslims I'm really hoping this thread blows up now...
Why can't Jesus eat M&amp;Ms? Because he isn't real. 
Jew wins the lottery An elderly Jewish woman wins the lottery, $30 million after taxes. She goes to her Rabbi to discuss what to do with the money. She first says, "I'd like to spend $10 million on myself and my family." The Rabbi replies, "It would be good to enjoy your winnings, and family is important." She then says she'd like to donate another $10 million to the synagogue and the charity they run, since the synagogue has always been there for her, she'd like to give back. The Rabbi says they could always use the money. Then she says "I'd like to spend the last $10 million on a ten-foot golden statue of Adolf Hitler." Naturally the Rabbi is quite horrified. "Why would you want to memorialize such a monster?" he cries. She rolls up her sleeve and responds, "He gave me the winning numbers."
A Christian, a Buddhist, a Muslim and a Hindu A Christian, a Buddhist, a Muslim and a Hindu were at a waterfall as they were being chased by some people who they pissed off.  They had no way out, except to jump down the dangerous waterfall.  The Christian went first, and on his way down, he prayed his God's name. When he landed in the water, he was unscathed.  The Buddhist, seeing this incident, decided to do likewise. He jumped down, praying his God's name in the process. When he landed in the water, he was unscathed.  The Muslim, seeing that it worked for 2 of his friends, decided to do likewise. Thus he plunged down, praying his God's name in the process. When he landed in the water, he was unscathed.  Finally, the Hindu decided that since all 3 of his friends went down and were seemingly not hurt, he followed suit, praying his God's name.   However, he didn't make it as he didn't finish praying his God's name.
You know what the worst part of being black and Jewish is? I have to sit in the back of the oven.
What did the waiter ask the group of dining Jewish mothers?  "Pardon me ladies, but is ANYTHING all right?"   (Shabbat Shalom my fellow Jews of the Jokes sub!)
I go to Popeyes' to get the kids something to eat. Maddie wanted the kids meal with a leg.  So I said “kids meal with the leg”   And the lady says “which side?”     Me- \*complete silence as I heavily contemplate such an odd decision     “I guess the right side, hell I don’t know what the difference is.”     After several moments of laughter   she says “no hunny which side would you like to go with the leg? Potatoes or fries?”
What did the Muslim child say to his mother after it had been caught stealing the second time? "Look mom, no hands."
What's the difference between an American teenage girl and a Muslim teenage girl? The American teenage girl gets stoned before sex.
A man is talking to 3 catholic priests They are in a quiet room together with the man, The man tells them to leave the room IF they have molested a child. After this, 2 of the priests leave the room with only the 1 remaining, then the man yells "TAKE THE DEAF BASTARD WITH YA!"
Why did the Jewish Stoner die happy? He was baked.
Where does a muslim viking go after death Valhalal
An Amish lady is trotting down the road in her horse and buggy when she is pulled over by a cop. "Ma'am, I'm not going to ticket you, but I do have to issue you a warning. You have a broken reflector on your buggy."   "Oh, I'll let my husband know as soon as I get home."   "That's fine! Oh, and another thing, ma'am. It seems one of the reins has looped across the horse's back and around one of his testicles. Have your husband take care of that right away also!"   Later that day, the lady is home telling her husband about her encounter with the cop.   "Well, dear, what exactly did he say?"   "He said the reflector is broken."   "I can fix that in two minutes. Anything else?"   "I'm not sure, something about the Emergency Brake..."
As an atheist, I often wonder : "what would Jesus do ?" and then I do nothing
A plane leaves JFK airport under the control of a Jewish captain, Josh Weinberg. It is the first time he has flown with his Chinese co-pilot Bo Weng and an awkward silence between the two seems to indicate a mutual dislike.  After this protracted silence has continued for a while, the Captain mutters, 'I don't like the Chinese.. .'   'No rike Chinese?' asks the copilot, 'why not?'  'You people bombed Pearl Harbour , that's why!'  'No, no', the co-pilot protests, 'Chinese not bomb Per Hahbah. That Japanese, not Chinese. Japanese do that'.  'Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese....Doesn't matter to me: you're all alike!'  The silence continues on until the co-pilot suddenly announces 'I no rike Jews anyway' .  'Oh yeah, and why not?' asks the captain.  'Jews sink Titanic' says the co-pilot.  'You're nuts' exclaims the captain, 'Jews didn't sink the Titanic!' , 'It was an iceberg!'  'Iceberg, Goldberg, Greenberg, Rosenberg, no mattah to me...all bruddy same!!'
A catholic priest is... ... walking through Ireland until seeing a little green man the size of his hand. Not believing what he sees he quickly grabs the man, and asks “If you’re a leprechaun you have to give me your pot of gold.”  The leprechaun replies “well actually in contrast to popular belief; we do not give out pots of gold but 3 wishes”.  So the priest thinking long and hard replies “well then I wish that everything I believed in would exist”  The leprechaun narrowed his eyes before replying “too bad you don’t believe in leprechauns” before disappearing. 
I'm not a basic Jew, I'm Hasidic.
Why is Jesus Christ gay? Because he was nailed by guys.
The Jews may be the "Chosen People"... ... But the Muslims are the "Randomly Selected".
The little black jewish boy... A black Jewish boy runs home from school one day and asks his father, “Daddy, am I more Jewish or more black?” The dad replies, “Why do you want to know, son?” “Because a kid at school is selling a bike for $50 and I want to know if I should talk him down to $40 or just steal it!”
I like my Jews the way I like my coffee Dark and Roasted.
What's a Jew's favorite brand of hotdog? Anne Frank's 
How do you fit 50 Jews in a van? How do you fit 50 Jews in a van? You throw in a penny.  How do you get them out? Through the exhaust pipe.
What do Jesus and germs have in common? Nobody has ever seen them directly, but everyone says they exist.
An old Jewish man dies. His last wish to his son is to print an obituary. The son goes to newspaper office and asks how much they charge for an obituary. They tell him $5 per word.   He says then print "Solomon dead". The newspaper tell him they require minimum 5 words. He thinks for a moment and says, then make it "Solomon dead, wheelchair for sale".
A Polack, a Muslim, and a Jew walk into a bar... The bartender says,"get the fuck out."
If you give a Jewish man scissors, how long will he work? Around the cock.
Did you know that Pope Francis is apparently a big cat-person? I just read an article that said he was a Cat-Holic.
A Catholic priest, a Christian pastor, and a Jewish rabbi are camping in a forest, when they see a bear in distance. Each of them is eager to try and convert it to their religion, so they agree that each man get a chance to do his best. The priest goes first, and upon his return, states "I read to it from the catechism, and now next week is its' first communion!". The pastor goes next, and comes back with a smile on his face, "I read to it from the Bible, and it let me baptize it in the nearby waters!". Last but not least, was the rabbi. He left to go to the bear, and was gone for quite a while. After a while, getting worried, the priest and pastor went looking for him. When they found him, there was no sight of the bear, but the rabbi was torn to shreds and bleeding on the ground. "What happened??" they both exclaimed, as they rushed over to help him. "You know", said the rabbi, "looking back, perhaps it wasn't the best idea to start with circumcision."
What do you call a muslim on the moon? A problem...  What do you call 2 muslims on the moon?  A problem   What do you call all the muslims on the moon?  Problem solved.
Why was Jesus crucified instead of stoned? So Catholics could do this [makes the sign of the cross], instead of this [bangs self in head with fists].
What does a Jewish pedophile says? "Hey kid, you wanna buy a candy?" 
What do you call a Muslim who is rebellious? Salmon Khan
What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew? Harry made it out of the chamber.
A Chinese man and a Jewish man are in an elevator.. ..As they ascend floors, the Jewish man turns to the Chinese man and blurts out "You know what.. I don't like Chinese people too much." Taken back, the Chinese man asks him why. "Because you guys were responsible for Pearl Harbor!" Shocked, the Chinese man responds "That was the Japanese.." The Jew snapped back "Chinese, Japanese, Taiwanese, you're all the same."  Understandably perturbed, the Chinese man retorts: "Well you know what? I don't really like Jews too much.." Expectedly, the Jewish man asks him why. "Because you guys sunk the Titanic!" Flabbergasted, the Jewish man exclaims, "What are you talking about!? That was an iceberg.." "Iceberg, Greenberg, Steinberg, you're all the same!"
Muslim and Jewish men to be banned from US You'll have to be a complete prick to live in Trump's America.
Dark: What's the difference between a jew and a black man? The black man is black from the beginning.
The Pope dies and arrives in Heaven. St. Peter awaits him. St. Peter asks who he is.  The Pope: "I am the pope."  St. Peter: "Who? There's no such name in my book."  The Pope: "I'm the representative of God on Earth."  St.Peter: "Does God have a representative? He didn't tell me ..."  The Pope: "But I am the leader of the Catholic Church ..."  St. Peter: "The Catholic church ... Never heard of it ... Wait, I'll check with the boss."  St. Peter walks away through Heaven's Gate to talk with God.  St. Peter: "There's a dude standing outside who claims he's your representative on earth."  God: "I don't have a representative on earth, not that I know of ... Wait, I'll ask Jesus." (yells for Jesus)  Jesus: "Yes father, what's up?"  God and St. Peter explain the situation.  Jesus: "Wait, I'll go outside and have a little chat with that fellow."  Ten minutes pass and Jesus reenters the room laughing out loud. After a few minutes St. Peter asks Jesus why he's laughing.  Jesus: "Remember that fishing club I've started 2000 years ago? It still exists!"
Jesus strolls into Calvary one evening... He walks into an Inn, slaps three spikes down on the front desk and says "Can you put me up for the night?"
What do you call an emo band without any Jewish members? Fall Out Goy
What Did the Muslim Terrorist Say? Who you gota blow to get some virgins around here?
Why are Jews afraid of Mathematicians? They're always talking about the final solution
I bought your mother some jewelry for her birthday. Call it "pimp my ride".
An Irishman, a Jew and a Catholic Priest are waiting at the Gates of Heaven. Peter looks over their files and proclaims that they had lead more or less decent lives besides each having indulged in a single sin.  “So here’s what I’ll do – I send you back to Earth and if you can keep yourselves from committing the same sin for 24 hours I’ll let you in.”  And poof! They’re back in the land of the living, strolling down main street. The trio looks for a place to hunker down for the next 24 hours, when the Irishman spots a pub.  “To hell with it! Saint Pete probably can’t keep an eye on all of us.”  And as he starts to walk towards the bar, poof! he disappears.  Alarmed and distraught, the Jew and the Priest quickly flee the scene, looking for a place to settle down until the Jew spots a dime on the sidewalk. He instinctively bends down to pick it up and poof!  Both of them disappear. 
How man Jews can you fit in a Mercedes? A few thousand. They all fit in the ashtray
How many Jews can you fit in a car? Two in the front, two in the back, and 6 million in the ashtray. 
What's the difference between a catholic and and a catoholic? One is devoted to following to rules laid down by those who consider their will that of the divine.  The other is a type of christian.
What would Jesus's name be if he had asthma? Wheesus Christ
Bishop to the Pope: Congratulations on your name’s day Your Holiness Bishop to the Pope: Congratulations on your name’s day Your Holiness! - Pope: But today we do not commemorate the name of Benedict? -  Bishop: It is the 16th, though.
How do you blow up a Muslim's iPhone? Put it into airplane mode
What's the difference between a Methodist and a Baptist? A Methodist will say "hi" to you at the liquor store
What does a muslim man say when he eat's a snack? Allahu snackbar!
How many Amish guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One... I mean, they aren't fucking retarded. 
Jesus had long hair A teenager was entering his senior year of high school.  His father, a Baptist preacher, made a deal with him.  "Son, if you get straight A's for the entire year, AND if you cut off that long hippy hair, I will buy you the car of your choice when you graduate."  The son accepted the challenge and worked very hard all year.  He got the best grades of his life and graduated top of his class.  "Well, Dad.  I held up my end of the bargain.  Top of my class.  I'll take a Ford Mustang, red."  The dad smiled and said "Well done, son.  Your grades are impressive.  Now all you need to do is cut your hair and the car is yours."  "But dad," the son protested "what's wrong with my hair being long?  You're a preacher... JESUS had long hair."  "Yep," said the dad "and he walked every god damn place he went too."
How does a Muslim close a door? Islams It.
They say Jesus can walk on water... But Cristiano Ronaldo can dive on land.
Why do Muslims always have red eyes after sex? because of the pepper spray.
Why do Muslim men cry during sex? Pepper spray.﻿
Why is most Jewish food cold? Because if they get too close to the oven someone will push them in
I was talking to a girl at the bar one night. She said she likes doing it "Amish" style. 2 Mennonite.
Jesus Christ Jesus: I'll just have a water  Bartender: not this shit again 
As her car skidded out of control she screamed 'Jesus take the wheel' But that Mexican was passed the fuck out in the back seat.
How do you congratulate a Jewish bodybuilder? Muscle Tov!
What's the similarity between a jew and a dog? They both hate the shower  ^^^^SeeYouInHell
Why do Jews do so well in school? They concentrate.
A fifteen year old Amish boy and..... A fifteen year old Amish boy and his father were in a mall.  They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again. The boy asked, "What is this Father?" The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, "Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don"t know what it is." While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a fat old lady in a wheel chair moved up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened, and the lady rolled between them into a small room.  The walls closed, and the boy and his father watched the small numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until it reached the last number, and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order. Finally the walls opened up again and a gorgeous 24-year-old blond stepped out. The father, not taking his eyes off the young woman, said quietly to his son... "Go get your Mother."
What do you call a young Jewish girl who solves mysteries? Nance Hebrew
Why did the Jew go to the discount brothel? He wanted the most bang for his buck.
How many Jews does it take to change a light bulb? Two:  one to change the light bulb, and another to hold the ladder.  Safety is important, you racist fuck.
What's Jesus's favorite power tool? A nail gun
How does a Jewish man make coffee? He brews it
A Good Catholic Woman Mary was a good catholic woman, and she and her husband obeyed the Lord's command to multiply, having 10 children over the course of their marriage. Unfortunately, Mary's husband was in a horrible accident that took his life not long after the birth of their tenth child.   Being a good catholic woman, Mary remarried soon after that, and proceeded to have ten more children with her new husband. Tragedy struck again soon after, taking away the life of her second husband. Mary died soon after out of sorrow.   At Mary's funeral, the priest, towards the end of the sermon, looked skyward and said, "Rejoice, for they are together again."  One of Mary's many daughters spoke up and asked, "I'm sorry Father, but do you mean Mary and her first husband, or Mary and her second husband?"  And the priest replied, "I mean her legs."
How can you tell a radical muslim terrorist apart from a peaceful practicing muslim? One of them will blow apart and the other won't
Why do Jews have big noses? Because the air is free :)
They call me reverse Jesus. I cant walk on water and I turn wine into a water like substance.
A very sad day today for a Muslim friend of mine. After seven years of medical training and hard work, my friend has been struck off after one minor indiscretion. He slept with one of his patients and can now no longer work in the profession. What a waste of time, effort, training and money.   A genuinely nice guy and a brilliant veterinarian.
Why didn't anyone get upset about the Jewish star on the Disney movie Frozen? Because any Jewish princess knows being cold isn't anti-semitic. Its status!
My friend asked me for the best Jew joke I knew I turned to him and said "I know a great one, but it will cost you". 
A tourist in Rome asked a passer-by "Can you tell me where the Pope is?" "That I can!"
Why does it suck to be black and Jewish? You have to sit at the back of the furnace. 
What do you call a jewish man? By his name
Jesus and Moses walking along the beach... esus and Moses are walking along the beach when Moses says, "You know what? I'm going to try and part the ocean again." He throws his hands in the air and, magically, the ocean parts.  Jesus sees this and says, "I'm going to try to walk on water again." He walks up to the water, takes a step on top and sinks.  Moses says, "Try it again, Jesus. It's been a while." Jesus tries again, and once more, he sinks.  Jesus comes out of the water and says, "I know what the problem is. When I walked on water before, I didn't have holes in my feet."
What does a Muslim man tell his wife when she eats bacon? HARAM BAE
Why shouldn't you give Muslim Women drugs? They'll get stoned. (Ba-dum tss)
Two fundamentalist muslims, husband and wife, are taking a walk outside downtown Kabul The wife goes "boy, it's WAY too hot out here" to which the husband replies "HOLY SHIT A TALKING WOMAN!"  
Why are Jewish canoes the best? Because they don't tip.
If Jesus was such a good carpenter... Why couldn't he get the nails out of his hands and feet
What did jesus say to his dad.. Who died and made you god?
What's the difference between pizza and the Jews? You take pizza out of the oven.
How many Muslims does it take to finish a bacon? One if nobody's looking.
What is Jesus' least favorite song? "Heathens" by TwentyOne Pilates
An old Jewish man is on his deathbed, at home... A very, very old Jewish man, realizing he is in his final days, decides to go the traditional way and let nature take its course in his own bed at home. One day things take a turn for the worse and he calls his adult children to his bedside. While his wife is preparing food in the kitchen, he shares a final conversation with his children. He imparts what little wisdom he can, they tell him how the grandkids are...  His daughter asks him, "Dad, is there anything we can do to make you more comfortable?"  "Well," he says, "I can smell that your mother has made a kugel [a sweet baked noodle casserole often made for special events]. I always loved your mother's kugel, and I would love it so if the last thing I could eat on this side were a piece of kugel. Could you go into the kitchen and cut me off some?"  She goes, but she is only gone a minute before she returns -- "Sorry, Dad. Mom says it's for after."
With Hanukkah upon us, how does a Jewish man prepare his tea? Hebrews it.
What do you call a Jew with a gas mask? A party pooper.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only took one nail to hang the picture of Jesus.
What do the Zika Virus and Catholic Priests have in common? They're both giving kids a little head all over Latin America.
A Muslim enters a bar And boom goes the dynamite!
Why would Jesus of been a good pornstar? He was hung arms width 
How do you fit 54 Jews in a car? 2 in the front, 2 in the back and the rest in the ashtray.
Why does Westoboro Baptist Church hate Mario Kart? Because it has Rainbow Road.
We find Jesus... We find Jesus playing golf one beautiful cloud free day (as heaven is floating on clouds) He is joined by Moses and an elderly man wearing tacky old golf clothing.   Moses plays first, he swings his golf stick with precision befitting a man who has used a staff since dawn of humanity, the ball flies perfectly, almost, when it suddenly falls straight into the lake just shy of the green surrounding the hole.  Unfazed, Moses walks over, spreads his arms, and parting the waters to reveal his golf ball and few flapping fish (don't worry, they will be fine, its heaven). Moses then hits the ball onto the green, walks over and taps it into the hole.  Jesus goes next,  He swings with  such grace and precision, sending the ball hurtling towards the green, then behold, as it lands on the very edge of the green, on the very point where it meets the water.   Jesus casually walks over, takes position impossible for a mortal man by standing on the water itself to hit the ball straight into the hole, one less hit than Moses.  The old man goes last, his old bones slightly creaking as he hits the ball rather clumsily, with the ball wobbling erratically yet straight towards the deepest part of the lake.   As its about to hit the surface, a fish jumps out! It swallows the ball, but just before its back safely underwater an eagle comes swooping down and clutching the fish with its talons; He soars upwards towards the skies, suddenly a thunder-strike hits the Eagle, it drops the fish, fish lands on the green, ball rolls out of its mouth and straight into the hole.  Jesus turns around and says: "Father, if thou art gonna cheat , we are not going to play anymore."
What do you call a Muslim flying a plane? The Pilot.... you racist fucks
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer in World War 2? A: Ash
Why does Jew population suffer more from ADHD ? Because they needed too much concentration in camps.
Why did Mary Magdalene have an affair with Jesus? She heard about his second coming
Why are all early birds Catholics? Protestant birds don't really want a Diet of Worms.
If Muslims eat dynamite... ...will they have explosive diarrhea? 
Judas: C´mon Jesus we´re gonna be late for last supper Jesus: The what?? Judas: The supper.. we´re gonna be late for supper.
I told my friend the other day I was going to kill 1,000 Jews and a clown. 'Why the clown?' He asked  'See? No one cares about the Jews.'
[Racial][Racial] What's the worst thing about being a black jew? You have to get in the back of the oven.   
What do you call a small group of Jews around the holidays? A menorahty! 
I offered my Muslim girlfriend a bite of my gorilla sandwich but she shook her head and said... "That's haram, bae."
What is a Catholic's favorite weapon? Nun-chucks.
Fidel Castro was a Muslim Otherwise he would have been called "Infidel".
What do Jewish pedophiles say? “Hey kids, want to buy some candy?”
What Do You Call A Muslim Band? Quran Quran
A Catholic priest came in the bathroom last night. NSFW He said he couldn't help it he was thinking about being in the little boys room.
Why did Jesus get mad at Peter the community basketball game? Because Peter denied him 3 times.
I misheard the Muslim ban as Muslim band I thought either Donald Trump is really into percussion or I've misunderstood.
What does a Jew who is about to be gassed say? Aushits
A rabbi, a nun and a priest are preparing for a party First the rabbi goes to a liquor store to pick up some Hennessy. When he gets back the nun says, "You can't have a party without Makers," and she drives back to the liquor store to pickup Makers Mark. When she gets back the Priest says "You can't throw a party without any Johnnie Walker," and he drives to the local preschool to pickup Johnnie Walker
Do you know on which side the jews fought in WWII? The other side,  of the fence
Why are Mormons more like Muslims than they are like Christians? Christians are not-for-prophet organizations.
A Jew and a Czech go hunting. They reach a clearing in the woods and spot a deer. The Czech aims his rifle to shoot, when a bear attacks them from behind and eats the Czech. The Jew, scared shitless, runs back to town and tells everyone what happened. After some discussion, the worried townsfolk form a hunting party to deal with the man-eating bear.   Upon returning to the clearing, the hunting party sees two bears fucking. They ask the Jew which one ate his friend, to which the Jew replies, "the male, definitely the male."  So one of the townsfolk shoots the male bear, causing the female to run away. They cut open the bear's stomach, only to find a rabbit and some berries.  Never trust a Jew when they tell you the Czech is in the male.
What happens when you hit a Jewish guy? Hebrewses
What did the Muslim boyfriend tell his girlfriend when he saw her eating bacon? That's Harambe.
How do you pick up Jewish girls? With a dust pan and brush.
What's the best way to get a Jewish girls number? Roll up her sleeve.
I married a Jewish girl... It was the best career move I ever made.
I don't get what all the fuss is about with Jesus's second coming. Or his third. Or his fourth. I mean, he paid for the entire hour.
I'm Scottish and my son is marrying a Jewish girl. I'm afraid their kids will leave me penniless.
What's the difference between Jews and a bullet? The bullet comes out of the chamber.
Where do Jews buy their clothes? JC Penny
You know what Jesus was saying in "The Last Supper"? Separate checks, please. 
Jesus Christ turned water into wine and got worshiped by millions. I turned weed into cookies and now I have to wash dishes at an Olive Garden to pay rent.
The Pope is finishing a trip to USA in LA As he finishes his last speaking engagement he is picked up by a limo, and climbs into the backseat ready for the journey to the airport.  While sitting in the back of the limo he starts thinking this is a pretty beautiful car, and it's been a long time since I have driven, so he winds down the privacy screen, and says to the driver "It's been a long time since I've driven a car, I was wondering if you let me drive the rest of the way" The driver has a think, it would be nice to ride in the back of the limo for once, what's the worst than can happen. So he pulls over, rushes around to let the Pope out and then climbs in the back thinking, so this is how the other half live. The Pope in the drivers seat is cruising along the freeway, thinking, wow, what a well engineered machine this is, I wonder how fast it will go, puts his foot down a little bit, speeding up past the speed limit. A cop on the side of the road sees the speeding limo, pulls up behind it and puts his lights on, diligently the Pope pulls over the limo, winds down the window, and says  "good afternoon officer" The cop is a bit taken aback, it's the Pope driving the limo and responds with "Sorry, can you please wait there for a moment" And hurries back to his car, and radios his boss "What do I do if I pull over someone famous"  Boss replies  "Well how famous are we talking, movie star, musician?"  "No no, a bit more famous than that"  "So are we talking President famous?"  "No, a bit more famous than that"  "So the Queen of England famous, royalty of some kind?"  "No sir, even more famous than that"  "Well who the hell is it then?!"  "Sir, I honestly couldn't tell you who it is, but he has the feeling Pope as his driver!"    
Why are gay men better than Jesus? Gay men don't die after getting nailed three times.
Which art style does a Jewish painter prefer? Expreszionism
Jesus, Moses and and old man are golfing. Jesus tees off first and puts his ball into the water. He then walks across the water and is able to hit the ball onto the green. Moses tees off next and he too puts the ball into the water. Moses parts then water and is then able to walk up to his ball and hit it onto the green. The old man then tees off and also puts his ball into to water. A fish then swallows his ball. Moments later a bird swoops down from the sky and grabs the fish out of the water. As the bird flys away a bolt of lightning hits the bird and it falls onto the green, dropping the fish, who in turn spits up the golf ball and it rolls into the cup for a hole in one. Jesus then turns to the old man and says "dad stop screwing around and play fair."
An old communist priest saw a bright light. "Jesus, is it you? Have you come to take me to your kingdom?" he said Turns out he was just hallucinating because religion is the opiate of the masses. 
What did the Jewish pedophile say to the children? Want to buy a piece of candy?
Why are Jews so good in school? They were taught how to concentrate well.
why do muslims no visit the zoo? because it is full of haram-bes...
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash
What's the difference between harry potter and jews? Harry escaped the chambers﻿.
When I found out my wife was having an affair, I was heartbroken. I turned to religion to cope. Now I'm Muslim and we're stoning her tomorrow.
What do you call a Jewish person picking up change? Another person you racist kike.
Who brew in the jewish house down the street? Hebrew. 
Jewish Pun What did Hitler say when the Jews got away?  Aushwitz, they got away! 
Why doesn't Jesus play basketball? He got crossed up.
What did the jewish barman do when they ran out of beer? Hebrew
A Muslim guy dropped his wallet... A Muslim guy dropped his wallet today so I ran after him and handed it to him. He said, "Thank you so much" then he added in a low voice, "don't go to the next Manchester United game".  "Why?" I asked.  "Because they're boring and shit"
What kind of dog did Jesus own a holy shih-tzu
Once upon a time Jesus and Moses were playing golf... Once upon a time Jesus and Moses were playing golf. This course had a particularly difficult hole, and Moses expressed his doubts that Jesus could make the shot over the water.  "Watch this, Moses, I think I can do it," exclaimed Jesus. "I've seen Arnold Palmer make this shot, Golf Swing and if Arnold Palmer can do it, then so can I."  Moses rolled his eyes and let Jesus try. Sure enough, the ball splashed into the water. Moses parted the water for Jesus, who went in to retrieve his ball.  Jesus, however, was not ready to give up.  "I know I can do this, Moses -- I've seen Arnold Palmer do it, and if he can do it, then so can I."  True to form, however, Jesus' ball ended up back in the water. Moses parted the water, and Jesus went in to retrieve the ball.  "Look, Jesus," said Moses. "Try again if you like, but I'm not parting the water for you again."  "Fair enough, Moses," said Jesus. "But you know, I've seen Arnold Palmer make this shot, and if Arnold Palmer can do it, then so can I."  Once again, Jesus' ball was in the water. Jesus proceeded to walk upon the water to get it.  Another group of golfers came up behind Moses and saw Jesus walking on the water. "Holy Cow!" one of them said to Moses. "Who does that guy think he is, Jesus Christ?"  "No," said Moses, rolling his eyes, "He thinks he's Arnold Palmer."
A Jewish squire is about to be knighted by the queen... and for the ceremony, he has to memorize a Latin text to recite before becoming a knight. Never having learned Latin, he spent a few weeks memorizing and working hard at it to make the ceremony as perfect as possible. The day finally comes, and when it's his time to recite, he chokes. He completely forgets all the Latin he had learned in the past few weeks, and instead, to avoid an awkward silence, starts telling a Yiddish story he would often hear his mother tell him when he was a young child. The queen, obviously quite confused, turns to one of her attendants and asks, "Why is this knight different from all other knights?"  EDIT: Grammar, plus minor points
What's the difference between a Jew and a boy scout? The boy scout comes home from camp.
Whats the difference between Jews and boyscouts? Boy scouts come home from camp.
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? With a dustpan. 
How many Muslims does it take to change a lightbulb? Allaht.
Did you hear about the new Jewish SMART car? It can turn on a dime and pick it up.
How much common sense does a catholic church have? Nun.
The Pope goes to New York... He is picked up at the airport by a limousine. He looks at the beautiful car and says to the driver, ''You know, I hardly ever get to drive. Would you please let me?''  The driver is understandably hesitant and says, ''I'm sorry, but I don't think I'm supposed to do that.''  But the pope persists, ''Please?''  The driver finally lets up. ''Oh, all right, I can't really say no to the pope.''  So the pope takes the wheel, and boy, is he a speed demon! He hits the gas and goes around 100 mph in a 45 zone. A policeman notices and pulls him over. The cop walks up and asks the pope to roll down the window. Startled and surprised, the young officer asks the pope to wait a minute. He goes back to his patrol car and radios the chief.  Cop: ''Chief, I have a problem.''  Chief: ''What sort of problem?''  Cop: ''Well, you see, I pulled over this guy for driving way over the speed limit but it's someone really important.''  Chief: ''Important like the mayor?''  Cop: ''No, no, much more important than that.''  Chief: ''Important like the governor?''  Cop: ''Wayyyyyy more important than that.''  Chief: ''Like the president?''  Cop: ''More.''  Chief: ''Who's more important than the president?''  Cop: ''I don't know, but he's got the pope DRIVING for him!''
American Muslims collect thousands of dollars to help victims of the Orlando shooting. They are going to spend the money on airplane tickets to send Muslims back to the Middle East. 
Jesus tells this parable... of a man whose farm yielded a very poor crop. Sad with the effect this had on him his family he prayed to God every night asking for a better crop.  The following season his farm yielded fourfold his previous amount! He could not believe this miracle and continued to pray to god every night to thank God and show his gratefulness. After another season his farm yielded ninefold his initial crop. The farmer was even more amazed.  "If I continue praying then perhaps my crop will continue growing and I will never have to worry for the rest of my life!" he thought to himself, and so he continue praying every night. What marvel! Sixteenfold the amount of crops from his initial harves - Oh sorry I'm confusing this with a parabola. 
What tunnel did Jews go through the most? The Chimney.
The Pope visits America So the pope is visiting the U.S. and is in New York City. He gets picked up from the airport and starts getting a tour of the city.  He talks to the driver and they hit it off really well and are laughing like friends soon. The Pope says to the driver, "I haven't driven a car in years! Would you mind if I drive for a bit?"   The driver agrees and the pull over and switch places.  As the Pope is driving around, he goes a little too fast and gets pulled over. The cop goes to the window and says, "Sir, do you know why I pulled you over?" The Pope responds, "No, my child."  The cop panics and goes back to his car to call the chief and ask him what to do.  "Chief! I pulled over someone really important!" he says.  The chief responds, "Who is it? A movie star or musician?"  "No," he says, "It's not."  "Is it an athlete? A baseball or football player?"  "No, it's not."  "Oh so it's a politician?"   "No, sir. It's...well actually I don't know who it is, but the Pope's his driver!"
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a Jew? Santa Claus goes down the chimney.
A man dies and goes to heaven St. Peter gives him a tour and asks him 'Well, what do you think?' The man says, 'Its terrific, everything I dreamed it would be. But who were those people sitting by themselves looking so unhappy?' 'Oh, those are the fundamentalists, they can't believe that they aren't the only ones here.'
What does the Muslim ghost say? Boom. 
I think Jesus was actually a dog. That's why artists always draw him with that golden vet lampshade around his head.
How do you pick up a jewish girl With a broom and dustpan 
Little Johnny moves to a Catholic School. Little Johnny, is a student who is oblivious to religion and is really bad at math.  Little Johnny's parents wanted him to change and go to a Catholic School. After the first day, when Little Johnny arrived home, he went to his room directly. This continued until the first grading, when Little Johnny came home with his report card, he went directly to his room. His mother, anxious to open the report card, expecting low grades, decided to open it anyway, and was surprised that Little Johhny's grade in math was the highest.  Little Johnny's mom decided to go to his room and ask him about his grades and what has he been doing here.  His mom asked "Wow Johhny, your score is so high! Im proud of you! But what made the difference? Was it the teachers?" Little Johnny replied "No" "Was it the books?" "No" "Was it the new curriculum?"  "No" "Then what was it Johnny?" "Well, at the first day of school, i saw this man nailed to the plus sign, then i knew these guys were serious about math, so i studied everyday!"
What do you get when a Catholic priest baptizes hay? You get a Christian Bale
How does a muslim man close a door? Islams it!
A Jew, a Catholic and a Mormon were having drinks at the bar following an interfaith meeting... The Jew, bragging on his virility, said, "I have four sons. One more and I'll have a basketball team."  The Catholic, pooh-poohed this accomplishment, stating, "That's nothing, boy. I have 10 sons, one more and I'll have a football team."  To which the Mormon replied, "You fellas ain't got a clue. I have 17 wives. One more and I'll have a golf course."
I told my friend about the Muslim slave trade the other day... "Dubai?" He asked  "Yes, and sell" I replied.
How do you fit 6 million Jews in a car? With a broom &amp; a dust pan.
Judas: "Jesus, yesterday you told those chicks you can resurrect, is it true?" Jesus: "Yeah"  Judas: "How would you like to earn 15 pieces of silver?"  Jesus: "I'm listening..."
How do you get a Jewish girls number? You roll up her sleeve.
Why haven't any Muslim astronaughts been sent to the moon? It already has enough craters. 
Jesus was Black Always talking about his daddy coming back, but no one's ever seen him. 
Are you Jewish? 'Cus you Israeli hot
What do you get when you square root a Muslim? Radical Islam.
In a world without Muslims, there wouldn't be a 911. We'd have to say CMXI instead.
Jesus saves Moses invests
I just saw Jesus sitting on my toilet Holy shit.
What do you call it when a Catholic renovates his kitchen? A counter reformation.
What do you call a train that carries Jews? A Jew-Jew train. 
Jesus walked into a hotel in Jerusalem And asked if they could put him up. 
A con man is arrested for conning several women out of their jewelry. The sheriff's prison is full and doesn't have the budget to hold him anywhere else so that weekend he ties the man to a pole and creates two lines. In one line citizens pay a dollar to punch him in the face, in the other they pay five dollars to kick him in the balls.  On the final day one guy pays his one dollar and waits his turn. When he gets up to the cob man he notices the mans face is so beat up and bloody that it's impossible to recognize who he is anymore and questions what punching him would even accomplish. So, he winds his leg back and nails him the balls.  The sheriff runs up to him and yells, "Hey, you can't do that!"  The man asks, "Why not" The sheriff replied, "This is the punch line."
Jesus Christ, superstar He dresses like a woman and he wears a bra!
Old Jewish man goes to confession And he says, Father, I am 90 years old and Jewish, never been to confession before but I have to get something off my chest.  I have been married to my lovely wife for 72 beautiful years, but last night I had a threesome with two blonde twin sister cheerleaders.  The priest says, I commend you for coming to confession, but I have to ask first since you are Jewish, why are you telling a Catholic Priest.  The old Jewish man says, I am not just telling you Father, I am telling everyone!
So Jesus and Peter are chillin' around Peter is driving a motorcycle and Jesus is in the backseat. Suddenly they see a man crossing the street and Jesus says to Peter: "C'mon Pete, run over him". Peter responds: "B-but Master, I can't do that. Is unlawful". To wich Jesus replies: "Don't worry man! That is Lazarus! Everything is written". Of course Peter is not sure, but he can't not listen to his master, so he speeds up the motorcycle and hits directly to Lazarus.  Big hit, Lazarus is is lying facedown on the street, obviously death. A frightened Peter and a confident Jesus get out of the motorcycle and walk to the body. "Lazarus, get up and walk" commands Jesus. Nothing happens. "Lazarus, get up and walk!" says again Jesus. Nothing happens again. Peter is already bitting his nails. "The f***. Lazarus, I command you to get up and walk!" says Jesus in a higher tone. Nothing. Jesus, visibly pissed off, reaches the body, turns it around and screams: "We fucked up Peter, this isn't Lazarus! Run!".
What's the difference between Jesus, and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
Why dont't feminists go to church? They can't stand saying "amen"
What did the suprised Muslim say? Holy Shi'ite!
What's the difference between a pizza and a jew? (this ones a classic) The pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven!
What movie describes the tale of a German businessman who rescues Jews with an unseaworthy boat? Schindler's Listing.
What happens when a Jewish guy... ....with a giant erection walks into a wall?       He breaks his nose
Anyone who thinks Jesus wasn't a white man has never been to communion The body of Christ is a cracker.
NSFW So I'm telling a jew joke and this guy who overhears me says "hey! I'm jewish! I say I'm sorry. He says for what, telling the joke? Nah, I'm sorry that your a Jew.
What do the Pope and a Christmas tree have in common? The balls are there just for decoration
An old Jewish man dies and goes to haven An angel informs him that all those who lived a long and virtuous life and still believe in the creator get an audience with the Heavenly Father himself.  The man proudly says “I do” and he gets to meet God for 5 minutes.  He does not want to God to hear the same tired questions that he is sure all people are asking: the meaning of life and how true the Bible is etc. So he decides to tell God a joke. A joke about the Holocaust.  God does not even chuckle. He’s visibly displeased and says that it’s no laughing matter as his children died there :(  The old Jew shrugs and says: “I guess you had to be there...”
Two Baptist ministers were eating lunch when one went on and on about young people having sex before marriage. He said, “God forbids it. It is a sin and I didn’t have sex with my wife until our wedding night. How about you?” The other minister thinks and then says, “I don’t think so, what was her maiden name?”
A 9/11 widow, a black slave, a jew who survived Auschwitz and a clairvoyant walk in to the Challenger Spacecraft "I don't like where this joke is going" says the clairvoyant 
A Christian priest and a Jewish rabbi sit by a lake, asking religious questions. The priest asks "What's your depiction of hell?" The rabbi sighs and looks over the lake. "Well, we believe that hell is more of a feeling than a place.. Any time we feel so ashamed that we are so far from God, that is our own personal hell, and we believe no feeling could be worse than that." They both become lost in thought, staring over the lake for a brief moment, before the rabbi looks over and asks "What's your depiction of hell?" The priest looks over and replies "Fact." 
What did jesus say when he was on the cross? Nothing jesus doesn't exist  (I thought i would have more downvotes)
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew? You have to stand at the back of the gas chamber
My Muslim girlfriend told a joke about a dead gorilla I said "That's Haram, Bae."
What is the Popes favorite trick to do on a bike? Papa-wheelie! 
Two priest walk into bar and disappointed... there are no young boys there.
Did you here about the horrible treatment of Muslims by police? They arrested a whole bunch of Muslims just for calling 911. 
My underwear's becoming a lot like the Pope... It's old and holely.
With Jesus now! 18+ Young David came home from school one day and found his pet chicken laying on the ground with his legs pointing straight up into the sky. When his father got home, he explained that the chicken has died and his legs were pointed up to Jesus in heaven.   They buried the chicken and that was that. Two weeks later his dad came home from work and David ran up to him yelling, "Daddy, Daddy, we nearly lost Mommy today."   "What?" his father replied.  Hope this one doesn't upset anyone xD  "When I got home from school, Mommy was laying on the bed with her legs pointing up in the air yelling, 'Jesus, I'm coming, Jesus I'm coming.' If it wasn't for Uncle Terry holding her down we would have lost her for sure!"
Why is Jesus such a fan of jeeps? Why is Jesus such a fan of jeeps?  He just loves cross-country!  Why is it hard having a good conversation with Jesus?  He just gets cross so quickly!   How does a German fix his hiccup?  With discipline.  What does (insert name here)'s brain have in common with a graviton?  It's said to exist, and if it does, it is most likely mass-less!  What do the nobel gases have in common with Kristin Steward?  They don't react all that much.    Just some jokes which my colleagues and I made up while "working". At least we think that we made them up.  Yes, we're a bunch of physicists, chemists and biologists.   Feel free to improve the jokes, I'm sure you can!
Why can't Jesus eat pizza? Because he doesn't exist.
Two Muslims move to the States. They make a bet to see who could be more American after 5 years.  They meet 5 years later; the first Muslim says, "I watched a football game, had hamburgers, fries and coke at McDonalds for lunch, then went to the shooting range in my new car."  The second Muslim holds up his US passport.
Where did the little Jewish girl go when the Nazis threw a grenade into her house? Everywhere.
What's a Jew's most hated pokemon? Ghastly.
I found a wallet today and as a good Christian I thought "what would Jesus do?" ... so I turned it into wine.
The Pope Drives The Pope goes to New York. He is picked up at the airport by a limousine. He looks at the beautiful car and says to the driver, ''You know, I hardly ever get to drive. Would you please let me?''   The driver is understandably hesistant and says, ''I'm sorry, but I don't think I'm supposed to do that.''   But the pope persists, ''Please?''   The driver finally lets up. ''Oh, all right, I can't really say no to the pope.''   So the pope takes the wheel, and boy, is he a speed demon! He hits the gas and goes around 100 mph in a 45 zone. A policeman notices and pulls him over. The cop walks up and asks the pope to roll down the window. Startled and surprised, the young officer asks the pope to wait a minute. He goes back to his patrol car and radios the chief.   Cop: ''Chief, I have a problem.''   Chief: ''What sort of problem?''   Cop: ''Well, you see, I pulled over this guy for driving way over the speed limit but it's someone really important.''   Chief: ''Important like the mayor?''   Cop: ''No, no, much more important than that.''   Chief: ''Important like the governor?''   Cop: ''Wayyyyyy more important than that.''   Chief: ''Like the president?''   Cop: ''More.''   Chief: ''Who's more important than the president?''   Cop: ''It's...it's...it's DAVE!!!!!!"
Why does a little Jewish kid kneel next to a chimney? He's waiting for his parents.
What's the difference between a jew and a Cosby rape victim? A jew doesn't hesitate to complain. 
What's the difference between a boomerang and a train filled with Jews? The boomerang comes back.
"Peter, you will deny me three times before the sun rises." Jesus said in the Bible. "No, I won't" Peter replied.  &amp;nbsp;  "Yes, you will."  &amp;nbsp;  "No, I won't, my Lord!"  &amp;nbsp;  "Yes, you WILL!"  &amp;nbsp;  "No, I WON'T! ...wait"
How does a Jewish bird chirp? Cheap cheap cheap
My favorite Jesus joke Jesus had just been crucified and a crowd was gathering near the cross. Among the crowd was Peter, silently praying.  Suddenly Peter heard someone whisper "Hey, Peter". Confused, Peter looked around to see who was talking. He didn't see anyone who would be talking to him so he went back to praying. Again he heard the whisper, "Hey, Peter!"   He looked up at the cross and saw it was Jesus talking. Then he hears "Peter! Come here!" As Peter starts walking to the cross people began to throw rocks at him because they didn't want him trying to take Jesus down.   One rock catches him in the head and he falls to the ground bleeding. Yet still he hears "Peter get up here". So he starts crawling to to the foot of the cross. When he reaches the cross he gets on his knees, looks up at Jesus and asks "Yes Lord? What is it you ask of me in your time of need?"   Jesus looks down on his disciple and says "Did you know I can see your house from here?"
A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while . . . A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while. Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian. The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend.   The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the two of them went to see the Rabbi.   They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."   So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray. They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians."   There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . "  
What's the difference between a Hooker and Jesus? Nothing, they're both crying and moaning about something their daddies having forsaken them.
long catholic religion joke  One day a sinner visited the church and went into the confessional box. He told the priest about all his sins, but the priest had no clue what to say. Nevertheless the priest came up with an idea: "So many sins, there is no way god will forgive this easily, but if you are ready to work for it, we will find a way. I wasn't on vacation for a long time. Could you sit on my side of the confession box and tell the sinners what they should do? I will write you a list with the punishment for every sin i can think of, so you just have to read the answers of the list!" The sinner decided to accept the deal. He was nervous, but there were no problems, since he had the list.  After a few days a man confessed, that he had blown another man. The sinner looked at his list, but there was no entry for this sin. So he said the man should wait for a moment and the sinner left the confession box. In the front of the church he saw some children preparing the next mass. He asked them, "what do you get for blowing?" The children answered, "Nothing special. Usually a Mars or a Snickers."
Why was the Amish woman excommunicated? Too Mennonite. 
What do you call a flying Jew? Smoke
How do you make a Jewish community frustrated? Super glue a coin to the pavement.
What's the difference between a pair of Levi's jeans and a Muslims Beard? A pair of Levi's only has one fly.
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe? The canoe occasionally tips.
Why aren't Jews easily distracted? because they've been to concentration camp.
What do Jewish pedophiles say? Hey Kid... you wanna buy a piece of candy?
How do we know that Jesus wasn't born in Mexico? Because he'd never have been able to find 3 wise men and a virgin.
How Jews Shower Same as you dummy!  First they get nice and wet,  and then they get gassed to death.
What would be Jesus' favorite gun? ... A nail gun
Did you hear about the druggie who stumbled into a Jewish temple? He was stoned.
What runs on walls and kills Jews? Gas pipes.
I understand when Muslims say they no longer feel safe. I saw 8 of them publicly executed this morning... In Afghanistan. It was on the news.
What the diffrence between a boy scout and a jew? The boy scout comes home from camp 
Why didnt Jesus become a boxer? Crosses killed him. 
Muslim women walks into a bar She's  blown everone
Why are attractive male Jewish babies the best? They make mountains out of mohels.
Why did the Muslim cross the road? To get to the bigger crowd
What’s the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit? A zit will wait until you’re twelve before it comes on your face.
Jewish joke from the 1970s: What's the fastest thing on earth? An Arab riding a bicycle down Collins Avenue in Miami Beach.
Jesus is travelling the world Jesus is travelling the world doing good deeds to the people. One day he stumbles upon an old bearded man who is crying.  Jesus asks him what's wrong.  -"I lost my child "-sobs the man  -"Worry not, old man, I am Jesus himself. I will help you find him. Just tell me what he looks like"  -"Well he has nails in his palms and feet"  Jesus' eyes widen and begin watering with tears  -"Father ?!"  -"Pinocchio ?!?"
A Catholic, a Jew, and a Buddhist are on a plane when suddenly the engine brakes down There are no parachutes on the plane, so the men must rely on their faith to save them from death.  The Catholic says a prayer, jumps off the plane and survives the fall, but dies later in a hospital.  The Jew says a prayer jumps off the plane, and survives the fall, but injures his spinal cord and is paralyzed from the waist down.  The Buddhist says a prayer, jumps off the plane, and is caught by a giant Buddha hand.  The Buddhist, relieved to have been caught, says, "Thank God," and the hand drops him.  EDIT: Wow I used the wrong break/brake in the title. 
Maria is a devout Catholic: She gets married and has 17 children. Soon after the last child is born her husband dies.  A few weeks later she remarries and over the following years has another 22 children with her second husband.  After the last child is born her second husband also dies.  Within a month Maria is engaged to be married a third time. Unfortunately she becomes very ill and dies.  At her wake, the priest looks tenderly at Maria as she lies in her coffin, looks up to the heavens and says,  "At least, they're finally together."  A man standing next to the priest asks,  "Excuse me, Father, but do you mean Maria and her first husband, or Maria and her second husband?"  The priest says, "I mean her legs." 
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? You bring a dust pan to aushwitgz.
Catholics Dodged a Stone.... Saw this one over in /r/askreddit.  The question was, "Teachers of Reddit, what is the funniest reason you sent a student to the principal's office?"  Why are Catholics glad Jesus was crucified instead if stoned? Because now they do this (make the usual sign of the cross) instead of this (randomly punch yourself all over your body).
Jesus and Peter What did Peter say when Jesus jizzed into his asshole during intense anal sex?. "Jesus Christ! Oh, my God! Holy Fuck!"
What do Catholic priests and religion have in common? They both try to shove something down your throat.
You guys hear about that new Amish rapper? TWO CHURNZ!
A Jew Walks Into A Shower The end.
If Mary had baby Jesus, and baby Jesus was the Lamb of God... Did Mary have a little lamb?
What did the muslim do when he joined the cast of the new season of "Arrested Development"? He blue himself up.  
What does a Muslim call his infidel girlfriend? Haram Bae
What's a Jewish person's least favorite beverage? Tab.
What do you call someone who has one parent who is a Jew? Jew-ish.
What do Muslim children color with? A Quran
Hitler asks a jewish kid... Hitler wants to hear the dreams of jewish kids. So, he visits Auschwitz and finds one kid sitting in a corner, freezing to death.   "Hallo kinder, what is your dream?"  "Herr Hitler, when I grow-"  "IF..IF you grow up."
Photons aren't Catholic. No mass.
What does the Japanese Jesus say after praying? Ramen 
[NSFW] [NSFW] What do the Zika Virus and Catholic Priests have in common? They're both giving kids a little head all over Latin America.
You know I used to be a Christian but then I went to confession and realized, hey I'm sat here in a small wooden box telling dirty stories to an Irishman who's never gotten laid. 
Three Jews and a Polish man walk into the Bar The Jews pass and become successful attorneys 
A Muslim walks up to a Nazi He says "Man, I hate sand. It's coarse, gets everywhere, and is really annoying."  The Nazi replies "Yeah, I have the same problem with Jews."
Why did the Romans cross Jesus? Because he was a Jew.
I hate how on Easter people say, "Jesus is a zombie!!!" For the last time, he's just really really high.
Named my penis after the lord Jesus Christ And today it has risen! 
Since assuming the title in 2013, Pope Francis has visited more than 27 countries. I guess he really is a roamin' Catholic.
What do you call a cold Jewish person? Iceberg.
Jewelry   A mother is in the kitchen making dinner for her family when her daughter walks in. “Mother, where do babies come from?” The mother thinks for a few seconds and says, “Well dear, Mommy and Daddy fall in love and get married. One night they go into their bedroom, they kiss and hug, and have sex.” The daughter looks puzzled so the mother continues, “That means the daddy puts his penis in the mommy’s vagina. That’s how you get a baby, honey.” The child seems to comprehend. “Oh, I see, but the other night when I came into your room you had daddy’s penis in your mouth. What do you get when you do that?” “Jewelry, my dear. Jewelry.”
Jewish Pickle Factory! Yossel Zelkovitz worked in a Jewish pickle factory.  For many years he had a powerful desire to put his penis in the pickle slicer.  Unable to stand it any longer, he sought professional help from the factory psychologist.  After six months, the therapist gave up. He advised Yossel to go ahead and do it or he would probably never have any peace of mind.  The next day he came home from work very early.  His wife, Sacha, became alarmed and wanted to know what had happened.  Yossel tearfully confessed his tormenting desire to put his penis in the pickle slicer.  He went on to explain that today he finally went ahead and did it, and he was immediately fired.  Sacha gasped and ran over to her husband. She quickly yanked down his pants and shorts only to find a normal, completely intact penis.  She looked up and said, "I don't understand. What about the pickle slicer?  Yossel replied, "I think she got fired, too."
What did the Jew say when he got beaten? "Ow-schwitz!"
Why are muslim charities the worst to donate to? Because they are for prophet.
I believe that I would be better in the bedroom than Jesus Oh sure he can perform miracles but at least with me if you give me a second I will cum
Jesus Christ is dying on the cross, his disciples are gathered around, crying. Peter looks up and notices that Jesus seems to be calling him,   "Peter, come hither!"  Immediately Peter rushes over to the cross, only to be hit severely over the head by the roman guard. He gets on his feet again and wants to return to the other disciples when he hears Jesus calling again,   "Peter, come hither!"   So, again Peter tries to climb the cross to get to his lord, when the roman soldier draws his sword and chops Peter's arm off. Peter is getting a little pissed and wants to go back to his buddies, but again Jesus summons. The roman guard can't believe that Peter is trying yet AGAIN to climb to the cross, and chops off another arm. Peter is now covered in blood and demented from the blow to the head and wants to call it a day. Jesus hoarsly croaks,   "Peter, please, come to me!"   By now, the roman gurad is tired of chopping limbs, so he lets Peter be. The faithful disciple struggles to climb the cross (without arms mind you) and after a long while he finally arrives at his Lord's side. Hurting, suffering, bleeding, Peter looks into his Master's eyes and asks,   "yes, my Lord. What is it?"   Jesus smiles lovingly and looks off into the distance and says:  "Look Peter, I can see your house from up here!"
What does a jewish pedophile say to a kid Hey kid, wanna buy some candy?
What did Jesus say while he was on the cross? I'm holey!
Moses and Jesus decide to play golf. First hole is a par 4, fairly straight but there's a pond that stretches from the front of the tee to a spot about 200 yards down the fairway.  Jesus pulls a 4-iron out of his bag and steps up to the tee.    Moses can't believe it.  "A 4-iron?  Are you nuts?  You can't clear the water with that!"  Jesus waves him off "Chill.  Arnold Palmer has done it a hundred times."  He tees off and the ball goes 175 yards; right into the pond.  Moses sighs, parts the water, and Jesus walks out to pick up the ball.  He gets back and tees up again with the 4-iron.  "Look." Moses says "I told you once already; for you, this is a 5-wood *at best*."  "Nonsense!  I've *seen* Arnold Palmer do it."  He takes his swing and four seconds later, ball meets water again.  Once more the same routine.  Moses sighs, parts water, Jesus gets ball and tees up.  Moses tells him not to use the 4-iron again.  Jesus says how he was once *with* Arnold Palmer when he did it.  Moses says he's not parting the water a 3rd time.  Jesus shrugs and swings.  Once more, the ball lands in the water.  Moses says "You're on you're own now, bro".  Jesus, a little sheepish, walks over to the edge of the pond, then directly onto the water itself.  As he strides across the pond, another foursome comes up to the tee.  One of the golfers says to his partner "Who's that guy think he is; Jesus Christ?"  "No," says Moses "Arnold Palmer."
How many Muslims does it take to change a lightbulb? *Allah*v them.
What's the difference between a jew and a boy-scout? Boy-scout comes back from the camp
(Australian Joke) I'm not a Muslim but... The Burqa's are better at Hungry Jacks.
How many Jews can you fit in a van? About 10 but you can fit about 10,000 inside the ashtray
Jesus was having supper with some Teamsters... He stood up and said, "Don't do anything until I get back."
Jesus is watching!!! One day a burglar breaks into a house. It's pitch dark so he turns on his flashlight. Suddenly he hears a voice "Jesus is watching". He freezes, swings his flashlight around but can't find the source of the voice. After 2 minutes nothing happens so he goes about trashing the room looking for things to steal. Suddenly the voice, louder and more stern says, "JESUS IS WATCHING"... he freaks out but again can't locate the source of the voice and carries on. This happens a couple of times with "JESSUSS ISSS WATTCHHIIIING!!!!!" more before he finally locates the source of the voice.   It's a freaking Parrot.    So he asks the parrot "did u make a sound?" The parrot replies " JESUS IS WATCHING". At this point the burglar is kind of feeling confident and smug and says "what is your name?". The parrot replies "MOSES".   The burglar let's out a HUGE howl and starts laughing "WHO the FUCK names their parrot Moses?"    The parrot deadpans " the same kind of fucks who name their ROTTWEILER JESUS".   
How did the Jews feel during WW2? They were aghast.
"Are you Jewish?" asked the Rabbi. "No, but I'm saving up to be", replied the man.
A Jewish Grandmother and her Grandson are walking on the beach... When a wave comes over the grandson and takes him under.  The grandmother falls to her knees and begs, "Oh God!  Please bring back my grandson!"  Another wave crashes, and the grandson is soaked, but otherwise unharmed.  The grandmother looks to the skies and says, "Where's his hat?"
Why don't Muslims eat pigs? Even they know cannibalism is wrong.
Jesus was definitely a black man. He never once saw his father
What did the Catholic School call their school bus? The Jebus
How do you blow up a Muslim's phone? Put it on airplane mode.
What's the difference between Baptists and Methodists? Methodists will make eye contact at the liquor store. 
Jews rated their trip to auschwitz It was one star
after my near death experience last year, I saw Jesus.. he was a damn jerk " we need this hospital bed senior, breaking your finger isn't that bad "
What would you call Jesus if he was born in Mexico? The Chosen Juan.
I'm thinking about opening a strip club in Israel... Open 24hrs catered for hasidic jews and call it the Skinagogue.
I am 72% Jesus Jesus walked on water. Watermelons are 72% water. I can walk on watermelons.  Therefore, I'm 72% Jesus.
What do you call a Grandfather Jew? Dead
Jesus and Moses go fishing... While in line at the canoe rental place Moses looks over at Jesus and asked him, "Cant you walk on water? Why do we need a canoe?"  Jesus remembers his ability and tries to walk across the river but falls knee deep in the water.  Moses then says, "Maybe you need to get a running head start. Try over there on the dock."  Jesus gets a running head start but ends up falling into the river once again. He is perplexed as to why this is not working.  Moses then says, "Wait Jesus, did you have holes in your feet last time you did this?"
Jesus returns to Earth but is stopped in the US by the immigration ban. The US agents tell Jesus that he will be detained until they can confirm his identity since he has been all over the Middle East.  They grill him about where he has been and he tells them he has been to every single country already except the US.  The US agents are suspicious of him so they ask him to call someone from each country to verify his claims.  Jesus tells them they are being foolish and stressed the importance of letting him into the US.  However, the agents insist he will be deported if he does not comply.  The agents seize his phone and start looking through it.  After looking at all of Jesus' pictures of cute cats, they scan through his contact list, which is full of the names of every country in the world.  Feeling ever more suspicious of this Middle Easterner, they call the first number.  No response at all.  Then they call the second, and third, still no response.  As they prepare to call the fourth, another agent bursts into the room shouting for the other agents to stop making calls because the phone is setting off explosions.  They hang up abruptly and look around and see a giant ball of fire outside.  The agents rush into Jesus' cell and wrangle him to the ground, placing him under arrest.  Jesus asks what is wrong.  "You terrorist bastard! You think you will get away with this?!  You tricked us into setting off these explosions!"  "Those are not explosions from bombs.  It is The Rapture."  All of the agents' faces turned pale white.  "I told you guys this was urgent."  "Why didn't you just tell us instead of giving us a fake phone?" One of the agents shouted.  "You took my phone without asking.  Those were real numbers of all the world leaders.  I exchanged my information with every leader in case my instructions regarding the Rapture weren't clear and they needed to reach me."  "But then why did no one answer when we called?"  "Because everyone else simply followed my instructions and have already left."
What do you call a Jewish cop? Kosher Pork.
A Muslim goes onto a plane ride I forgot the punchline but i'm pretty sure it ended with a bang.
Why wasn't Jesus born in Washington DC? They couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin
Jesus and Saint Peter are playing a round of golf... They approach a par four that bends left around a small pond then straight to the green.  Saint Peter decides to play it safe and hit to the turn then layup to the green.  Jesus then tees up and looks left over the pond toward the green.  JC:"What do you think Peter? Think I can make it to the green in one over the pond"? SP: lol  Mac:"Well what would Arnold Palmer do?" SP: "Well, Arnold Palmer would make it on in one with his 7 iron from here.....but you ain't no Arnold Palmer!" JC: "Well hell, I'll go for it if Arnold Palmer can do it." So Jesus hits it toward the green true and straight, only for it to fall short into the water.  JC: "Damnit! I'll drop by you at the turn. But first I'm going to find my ball. I'll meet you over there."  So as Saint Peter drives to his ball, Jesus starts walking around on the pond looking for his. As he is doing this, a twosome drives up to Saint Peter and asks: "Who the hell does that guy think he is? Jesus Christ?!" To which Saint Peter replies: "No, he thinks he's Arnold Palmer."
What do the Zika virus and Catholic priests have in common? They both give kids a little head.
A muslim man was running in a marathon Unfortunately, he ended up being in the last place. Upon crossing the finish line, I asked him, "Aren't you supposed to go fast?"
What do you call a not-too-bright person of Moorish descent, stranded on a deserted island, who believes Jesus was a Native American? Marooned Mormon moron Moorman.
The Westboro Baptist Church has a job opening. The job description is... Responsibilities include:  -Appropriately treating all fags, as God hates ALL fags  -Contribute urine to the churches ammunition each day.  -Produce signs with quality phrases (i.e. Planes crash, God laughs.)
Why did the Westboro Baptist congregationalist thank his Muslim neighbor? He gave the church 50 new places to protest.
As a Muslim redditor, I feel disappointed... That my posts never blows up.  Edit 1: Everyone says that my jokes are the bomb, but still this shit didn't explode.  Edit 2: KA-BOOOM!  Edit 3: For those wondering, I am a Muslim for real and I find this shit funny af so chill out guys, no need to hate on religions, we're at /r/jokes after all.   Edit 4: lmao this is Nagasaki all over again.   For those who want so bad to insult me, here is a little secret...I get insulted if you insult the basis and principles of my religion, and the stuff you guys mention are not included. So feel free to say anything guys. Sorry for ruining the joke with this edit.    ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
What's the difference between a Catholic Priest... ... and an e-cigarette-puffing GI Joe Action Figure collector?  Well, one is a toy-loving vapist...
Two Jewish men sitting on a park bench when a stunning woman walks past.  One Jew says to the other, " Oi Vey, I would lend her one"!
Why Do Women Love Jesus? He was well hung and super into cross fitting!
How did the Jew escape the Chamber? Through Sublimation.
A Muslim, a Jew, a Christian, and an Atheist walk into a coffee shop... A Muslim, a Jew, a Christian, and an Atheist walk into a coffee shop. They come up to the counter to order.  Noticing that they are from out of town, the proprietor of the coffee shop says, “Hi. What are you in town for?”  “We’re having a summit on religious tolerance,” says the Jew.  “And on tolerance of religion,” says the Atheist.  “And on religions’ tolerance of other religions,” says the Muslim.  “And on tolerance of non-religion,” says the Christian.  The proprietor says, “Where in town is it taking place? I didn’t hear about it.”  “Oh, we’re going to have it here!” says the Christian.  “Over coffee,” says the Muslim.  “Are any Buddhists coming?” asks the proprietor.  “No,” says the Atheist.  “Hindus?”  “No,” says the Jew. “It’s just us.”  “Did you invite any non-Abrahamic religions to send a delegate?”  “Of course not, we don’t need them,” says the Atheist, gesturing to his companions, “These guys are the yadda yadda yadda of religious diversity!”
What would've happened if Jesus Christ didn't make Christmas? It would've just been "mas".
Why did the Jewish man become a banker? We're unsure, but he has a nose for it. 
Why would the jewish cannibal eat you? For-Skin
Why are black jews the worst off race? They have to sit at the back of the oven.
2 muslims walk into a bar And blow themselves up because they were fundamentalist sunnis who hated the west and believed they'd be rewarded in heaven
Why did the Amish girl keep getting pregnant? Too many mennonite.
Jesus needs love too The night  before  he  was  arrested  and  crucified,  his  followers started to worry.  Christ was still a virgin; wouldn’t it be nice to have him experience a little bit of pleasure before he dies?   So they asked Mary Magdalene to go to the tent where Christ  was  resting  and  seduce  him;     Mary  said  she  would do it gladly and went in, but five minutes later, she ran out screaming, terrified and furious. The followers asked her what went wrong, and she explained:   “I slowly undressed, spread my legs and showed Christ my pussy; he looked at it, said ‘What a terrible wound! It should be healed!’ and gently put his palm on it.”
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews? Harry Potter rode the train back.  I'm not apologizing.
What did the Muslim man say to his wife before leaving the house? I'll be heading out now
What did the Nazi cannibal say after eating a fat jew? Jewcy!
Why don't Jews make good bakers? Because they don't trust ovens. You know, I don't blame them. They've been burned before.  *Sorry for this one, I already know I'm probably going to hell. I thought of this after I heard Seth Rogan's "Jew in the oven" pregnancy joke in Neighbors 2.
Once Upon a Time In a Small Jewish Village in Ukraine... ... a farmer had been saving up his money, all his life, to buy a bull. Finally having enough money, he takes the long walk to Kiev and comes back with a strong bull.     It is the strongest bull the village has ever seen. Big, beautiful, and a hard worker, the farmer is overjoyed! He rents the bull out to pull plows and pull carts and, by year's end, the farmer has enough money to buy a sow. He takes the long walk to Kiev and comes back with a fine sow.     It is the finest sow the village has ever seen, and the farmer is excited at the idea of his bull and his sow having the finest calfs in the village. But no matter how many times the bull tries to mount the sow, she resists. The farmer is getting worried that he will not have any calfs. So he goes to the Rabbi.     He tells the Rabbi how the sow, though beautiful, won't let the bull mount her. The Rabbi brushes his beard and says, "my child, this sow must be from Kiev." Astounded, the farmer says, "yes Rabbi, how did you know?" "Because," sighs the Rabbi, "my wife is from Kiev."
What does a jew eat sushi with? Goy sauce
Why are Jews' nostrils so big? Because air is free.
What's the difference between a stoner and a Jew? A stoner gets baked more than once
What do you call a trio of Muslims? The Three Mosqueteers.
How do you circumcise a Muslim? Kick a democrat in the chin!
I just came back from a Muslim birthday party. The musical chairs was a bit slow but, fuck me!! passing the parcel was super quick.
Why are Jews and the Amish so similar? Neither like cooking with gas.
An atheist, a Muslim, and a Born-again Christian are seated together on a plane. They have a pleasant flight because they're not assholes.
When I want to be remembered I think "what would Jesus do?" So I start a religion by telling my friends I'll be resurrected in 3 days
My Pastor Told Me To Bring My Problems To The Church So I brought my wife
My Muslim coworker brought a CD version of the Quran to work today. He got really pissed off when I asked if I could burn a copy.
A: Fuck Muslim for 9/11 B: What did Muslim contribute to fall of the Berlin Wall? A: Fucking idiot, I meant the Twin Towers! B: That's 11/9 not 9/11! 
The Pope goes on vacation.... The Pope went on vacation for a few days to visit the rugged mountains of Alaska.  He was driving along near a campground when he heard a frantic commotion just at the edge of the woods.  He found a helpless Democrat wearing shorts, sandals, a 'Vote for Hillary' hat and a 'Save the Trees' shirt. The man was screaming and struggling frantically, thrashing all about trying to free himself from the grasp of a 10-foot grizzly bear.  As the Pope watched in horror, a group of Republican loggers wearing ‘Make America Great Again’ shirts came racing up. One quickly fired a .44 magnum slug right into the bear's chest. The two other men pulled the semiconscious Democrat from the bear's grasp. Then using baseball bats, the three loggers finished off the bear.  Two of the men dragged the dead grizzly onto the bed of their pickup truck while the other tenderly placed the injured Democrat in the back seat.  As they began to leave, the Pope summoned all of them over to him. "I give you my blessing for your brave actions!" he proudly proclaimed. I have heard there was bitter hatred between Republican loggers and Democratic environmental activists, but now I've seen with my own eyes that this is not true.  As the Pope drove off, one logger asked, "Who was that guy? "Dude, that was the Pope. He's in direct contact with Heaven and has access to all wisdom.”  "Well, he may have access to all wisdom, but he don't know shit about bear hunting. By the way, is the bait still alive or do we need to go back to California and get another one?”
Did you hear about the Jewish terrorist? He was going to hijack a plane but didn't want to use his miles
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang the picture.  Happy Easter!
Say what you want about Jewish women being ugly... But during the Holocaust, they were smokin' hot.
What do you call when the Pope have sex with a nun a Holy Fuck.
At snack time at a Catholic elementary school there was a tray of apples. A note beside them read "Take only ONE. God is watching." At the other end of the table was a large pile of chocolate chip cookies. A child had written a note, "Take all you want. God is watching the apples."
What kind of work does the Pope hate to do? Papal work. 
Two Jewish mothers are talking Two Jewish mothers are talking and one says, "I have some unsavory news. I sent my son to Israel to become a more faithful Jew, but he became Christian!"  The other mother replies, "Funny story! I sent my son there for the same reason, and he became a Christian as well!"  The two women, worried about their sons, went to their Rabbi for advice. When they tell him about the situation he says, "Funny story! Ten years back I sent my son to Israel for that very reason when he was studying to be a Rabbi, and he became a priest instead!"  They all decide it would be best if they prayed for guidance. After several minutes of prayer God addresses them, "What is wrong my children?."  They explain that all three of their children went to Israel to become better Jews but converted to Christianity instead. God replies, "Funny story!"
I'm half Irish and half Jewish, so... I'm drinking if you're buying.
What's the difference between a stoner and a Muslim? When stoners are smoking, they don't explode.
Why don't Southern Baptists make love standing up? Because they're afraid someone will look in the window and think that they're dancing.
Where does the black jew sit? Wherever he wants now thanks to affirmative action.
Why don't Jewish bakeries need to put price tags on their bread? Because the Jewish people will never forget the Challah cost.
A jew walks into a bar what does he say? Ouch
How did Jesus get to the other side of the street? He used the Cross Walk. 
What does a Jewish pedophile say? Want to buy a candy?
So a Muslim man walks into an elementary school... To pick up his wives 
What do jewish pedophiles say? Hey kid, want to buy some candy?
I made a new app for Muslim wrestlers. iSlam
Two Jewish women are complaining about a restaurant The first one says 'the food was terrible' the other says 'yes it was and such small portions too' (hat tip Woody Allen)
Why don't Jewish guys give oral sex? It's too close to the gas chamber. 
I was at a party when this Jewish chick walks up to me and says, "The 70s called, they want their shirt back" So I replied, "The 40s called, your oven is preheated."
What do jews call palestine? Their backyard
Why did the Muslim comedian go to jail? Because he made the crowd explode with laughter.
A jew asked a German chef.. While trying to pick an item from the menu a a jewish man personally asked a chef to reccomend him on what to pick. Moments later he comes out and speaks with a german-english accent and the man learned that this chef specializes in molecular gastronomy. While flipping through the menu he then said " The gassed juice is very good " so the man elbowed him square on the chin for mentioning the holocaust.
What did Pontius say when Jesus was dead? "Nailed it."
A Muslim walks into the U.S Just kidding 
Why do jews have a big nose? Because air comes free of charge.
The angel Gabriel appeared to Mary and said, "Do not be afraid, Mary, you have found favor with God. You will conceive and give birth to a son, and you are to call him Jesus. He will be great and will be called the Son of the Most High." Mary : I have a boyfriend
Jesus and Moses were hanging out in Heaven Jesus and Moses were hanging out in Heaven when they got to discussing their mutual boredom.  Moses said, "Hey Jesus, you know what we haven't done in a while? Go down to Earth and perform some miracles." Jesus thought that was a swell idea, so the two hopped on a cloud and floated down to a metropolitan area. "What miracle would you like to perform first?" asked Moses.  "I think I'll walk on water," replied Jesus. "Last time I did that the people really went wild!" Jesus walked to the edge of a lake surrounded by hundreds of people, took a step onto the water...and sank. Confused, he stepped out of the water, tried again...and sank a second time. He turned to Moses and said, "I don't know what's wrong. Last time I did this it worked like a charm!" To which Moses replied, "Well Jesus, you have to remember: last time you did this you didn't have holes in your feet." 
A black guy, a Muslim, and a racist walk into a bar... The bartender says, "The usual, Mr. President?"
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus You only need one nail for the picture
What is the difference between a Boy Scout and a Jew? The Boy Scout came back from camp.
An old lady next to me on the airplane was scared by me being a muslim I laughed so hard my grenades almost fell out of my pocket.  
I hear the Pope is addicted to watching cats videos Some say he is a Cat o Holic
A Sunday School teacher asks her kids, what is Jesus' name? Johnny violently shakes his hand from the back. The teacher calls on him and he says "Jesus' name is Andy". The teacher, confused, asks "What do you mean". Johnny replies " Well we always sing about him at church,"  Andy talks with us, Andy walks with us"
Young jew comes to a rabbi - "Rabbi, I need an advice" - "What's the problem?" - "I want to marry a woman" - "So marry her" - "But I don't love her" - "So don't marry her" - "But she is rich" - "Then marry her" - "But she is old" - "Don't marry her" - "But her father would make me his business partner" - "... Marry her" - "Rabbi, I've come seeking help, and the best you can come up with is 'Marry her' or 'Don't marry her...' " - "Then convert to Christianity" - "What for?" - "So that you may annoy priests with that shit"
How many sinners go to church? Nun.
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza? One doesn't scream when you put it in an oven
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? With a broom and dust pan
A black guy, mexican, and jew walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says "Get the fuck out."
Christains, Muslims, Buddhists, and Jews Has anyone ever noticed that people who follow Christ are Christians, people who follow Muhammad are Muslim, and people who follow Buddha are Buddhists, but followers of Judaism are Jew...ish. Like they hate being Jews so they're like, "I'm just a little Jew-ish. Not too Jewey just a little Jewish here."
If Adele were a Muslim, she would probably sing "Assalamualaikum from the other side"
What does a sick, Jewish dog have? Rabbis!
What did the Muslim guy said when his girlfriend asked him to fuck her in a gorilla costume? It's Haram! bae.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture.
For the Catholics A woman was taken into adultery and a group of men approached Jesus and said to him, "This woman was taken in adultery and by the law she should be stoned to death. But what say you?"  Jesus thought and said, "I say that he among you who is without sin should throw the first stone."  At that, all the gathered multitude tossed their stones away and crept off, shamefaced--at least, all but one middle-aged woman who hefted half a brick in her hand. Taking careful aim, she sent it flying, struck the woman taken in adultery in the forehead, and felled her.   Shaking his head, Jesus walked over to the woman who had thrown the brick and said, "Sometimes you piss me off, Mom."
Why jews have a big nose? Because the air is free.
What's the most common Jewish name? 17038
How can Jesus prove he's holy? By holding up his hands. 
What did the catholic priest say to the child molester? “Why am I talking to myself?”
The pope, the president, a priest, a whore, a Frenchman and a schoolkid enters a bar The bartender asks: is this a joke?
A Muslim police officer is interrogating a suspect. The suspect refuses to talk so the officer salams his head on the table.
Muslims say islam is the religion of peace Everyone else says they forgot the S.
How do you fit a hundred Jews in a BMW? Two at the front, three at the back, and the rest in the ash tray.
It's okay to joke about Jesus... He died for our zings.
What do you call male and female Jewish baristas? Hebrews and Shebrews.
What do santa and a Jew have in common? they both escape through the chimney.
Whats the difference between a jew and a boyscout? The boyscout comes home from camp
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews Hary got out of the chambers.
What's the difference between jewish people and pizza? Pizza doesn't scream when you throw it in the oven. 
Whats the difference between a boy scout and a jew? A boy scout comes home from camp
Whats the difference between jews and boy scouts? Boy scouts come home from camp
What happened to the muslim critic? He blew everything out of proportion!
I blame the jews for the dinosaurs going extinct. The jews controlled the meteor. 
So a man walks into a Jewish bakery... and he asks the cashier, "How much does the challah cost?"
What's the difference between a Catholic Priest and acne? Acne waits until you're thirteen before it comes in your face
Catholics are weird. They're pretty un-Orthodox.
Why do Jews only have 1 child? Because they're still waiting for the second coming
A devout Catholic man boards a plane A devout Catholic man has just boarded a plane, and he's really dreading the long flight ahead. All of a sudden, the pope boards and takes a seat right next to him! What an honor!  The man sits there, thinking about how best to conduct himself and what to say, when the pope takes out a golf pencil and starts doing a crossword puzzle. *Wow, His Holiness does crossword puzzles?* the man thinks. *I hope he asks me for help. That'll be my in for a wonderful conversation!*  Sure enough, the pope leans over and asks the man "do you know a four-letter word for a woman that ends in U-N-T?"  *Oh no.* The man is speechless. He sits there, terrified but trying his best to put on a pensive face, for about 30 seconds. *The pope won't speak to me this whole flight if I say what first came to mind...*  Then it hits him! "Oh!" he says. "AUNT. The word you're looking for is 'aunt', Your Holiness."  The pope calmly nods. "Ah, of course," he says. "Do you have an eraser?"  
I celebrate Good Friday just like Jesus... You know, hanging out.
What did the Jews rate their stay at Auschwitz? One star.
What do you get when a whore and a rich Jewish man have a baby? A Brothels Child
My Muslim neighbor came to my house and asked "Have you seen Mahid lately?" I said, "No, just your eyes."
What do you call a Jew who is terrible with money? Bernie Sanders.
A Jewish guy at my restaurant loves croutons Specifically, burnt croutons. I can understand why, he knows their pain
A Catholic, a Protestant, and a Jew argue in a bar... They can't decide who is right about God so they decided to try to convert a bear. The next day, the Catholic comes in with a sling, he says he won as he wrestled a bear in the lake and baptized it, the Protestant came in with a boot, and said he won because he stole a bears food dragged it into a lake, and baptized it, then the new comes in a full body cast, and the others asked if he won. The Jew says he did, but he regrets  that he started with circumcision... 
What does the Pope and a Christmas tree have in common? The balls are for decoration only
What’s the difference between the miraculous birth of Jesus Christ and your mother? The first was an act of Immaculate Conception, the latter merely an act of ejaculate consumption.
Never take just one Baptist fishing with you If you only bring one then he’ll drink all your beer
How did Jesus get so muscular and shredded? Crossfit
What do you call a book club that's been stuck on one book for years? Church
Why did God send Jesus back to Earth Because he couldn't stand the screaming.  Told to me by my 7 year old nephew. He was just making up crappy jokes and looked more confused as to why I burst out laughing
How many Jewish Mothers does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh don't worry about me I'll just sit here in the dark. It's not like I need light to sit here all alone by myself.
Lunch with the Pope President Trump invited the Pope for lunch on his mega yacht.  The Pope accepted.  During lunch a puff of wind blew the Pontiff's hat off.  It flew off into the water.   It floated out about fifty feet.  And then, the wind died down.  The Pope's hat was just floating in place.  The crew and the Secret Service were scrambling to launch a boat to go get the pontiff's hat.    Then, Trump waved them all off.  He said, 'Never mind boys.  I'll go get it.'  The Donald climbed over the side of the yacht.  He, then, walked on  top of  the water until he reached the hat.     He picked it up, walked back on  top of  the water, climbed into the yacht, and he Handed the Pope his hat.  The crew was speechless!  The security team and the Pope's entourage were speechless.  No one knew what to say, not even the Pope.  But that afternoon, ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, MSNBC all reported:  'TRUMP CAN'T SWIM'  
Why did Jesus cross the road? Because he was nailed to a chicken.  
I hate to admit that I talk to Alaa more than Jesus. But Jesus should be back from His trip to Mexico next week. 
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang up the picture.
how do we know that jews crucified Jesus? they used one nail for both legs
Jesus loves everyone. Except manicurists. He always hated having his nails done.
Jesus says to love others as you love yourself. So who wants a hand job?
What do you call a flying Jew? Smoke.
Wanna know why I prefer sponge cakes to Jesus? Because sponge cake doesn't take 3 days to rise.
How do you know which tree is the jew? It doesn't drop apples.
What type of jewelry does the Easter Bunny wear? 24 carrot
Whats Jesus's favourite weapon? A Crossbow.
How do you make a Jew laugh? Laughing gas.                        I'll show myself out
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew? The boy scout makes it back from camp.
What's the difference in Jews and boy scouts? Boy scouts come back from camp.
Why does Jesus hates playing video games? Because it takes him three days to respawn.  Edit: Apparently Jesus can't grammar too.
Did you hear when God, Jesus and the Holy Spirit did the 4-legged race? It was like they were a single person.
Why didn't Jesus start a charity? Cuz they're not for prophets.
I don't know what the big deal with the Jews and the construction is about... If they couldn't take the heat, they should've gotten out of the oven
What is the difference between a pizza and a Jew? A pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven
What's the difference between a bar of soap and a Jew? The Jew dies about 45 seconds into the shower...
2 Jews walk into a bar... They buy it. *rim shot* 
When you're muslim and walk in on your girlfriend fucking a gorilla "That's haram, bae."
A priest was driving A nun to church... But suddenly the priest stops and tells the nun "Im sorry sister but i have been dreaming of doing this" he proceeds to stop driving and he put his hands under her robes and stroking  her legs. The nun replies with "Father, remember Psalm 143:24" The Priest responds with "Im sorry sister but the flesh is weak" The Father sees the cross in their car and is reminded that he should not be doing this He says "Im sorry sister, i have given to temptation" The nun sighs and they continue driving.  When they reach the church, out of curiosity the priest finds a bible and checks Psalm 143:24 it says. "Go further up and you will find what you seek"
Did you hear about the Jewish kamikaze pilot? He crashed his plane onto his brothers scrap metal yard.
All these times I've heard someone say " Jesus H. Christ " I never realized that was just an abbreviation of his full name Jesus Harambe Christ 
Stop taking my book seriously - God
What expression is considered a compliment for Americans but an argument for Muslims? "You the bomb!"   "No, you the bomb!"
A Muslim, Christian, and a Jew walk into a bar..... It blows up and no one survives.
Jesus must have had a chiseled, muscular body... I mean, he did cross fit, for God's sake. And the Bible tells us he was cut, ripped, and shredded.
Why don't Jews pay for strippers? Because they're afraid of getting Kristallnacht up.
Why doesn't Jesus eat m&amp;ms? They fall through the holes in his hands. 
Whats the difference between a Pope and acne? Acne doesn't come on a boy's face until he is around 12.
Why would a Catholic priest start practicing at a prison? He ran out of little boys
What did the Jewish woman say to her partner? "Don't be gentile."
What's the name of a Jewish Pokémon trainer? Ash.
What do you call a Muslim who always makes mistakes? Errorist
What's the best way to get a Jewish girl's number? Roll up her sleeve.
Why is there only 2 pallbearer at a Jewish funeral? Because there's only 2 handles on the garbage can
What do Muslims eat for Thanksgiving? Quran-berries!
I asked my muslim friend why he was wearing a leather jacket in this hot weather. He said, "so I can look cool while walking away from explosions."
Jew with a full erection So what happens when a Jewish man with a full erection runs into a wall?  He breaks his nose.
What's the difference between a Jew and a boy scout? The boy scout comes back home from camp.
Jesus was most surely black... He never met his father.
If Jesus died on 4/20, he wouldn't have been crucified.... he would've been stoned to death
I saw a talking muslim doll in the toy store I asked the shop owner what it was supposed to say.  "Dunno" he said. "Nobody dared to pull the cord so far."
Why can't Jesus play rugby? He won't support the hooker
What's the point of Jewish football? Getting the quarter back.
A man and a Jew are sitting on a bridge... ... The man sticks his foot in the water and says, "The water is quite cold."  The Jew sticks his nose in and says, "It is also very deep."
Jesus sees that planet earth is going to Hell in a hand basket because too many people are using something called drugs... He wishes to know about this, so he calls His Apostles and tells them that they all have to go down to Earth to see for themselves what is going on and then come back to Heaven and report back to Him.  The Apostles go to different places on Earth and after some time, they come back to report what they saw.   John comes and Jesus asks him "What did you find?"   John: "I've got some funny stuff, that's called marijuana."   Jesus: "Oh yeah? Let me try it..." he tries it and... "Hey dudes, the music from the angel choir sounds so great!"  Then Paul comes with some amphetamine.  Jesus tries it and goes "Wow, I'm feeling hot and full of energy!"  Peter with some LSD and Jesus says "My hands... they look sooo... strange."  He tries all kinds of dope from each and every one of the Apostles and finally, with a huge stoned smile, he welcomes Judas.  "Sooooo...Judas...my...brother!" he says, "What did you bring?"  Judas replies, "Errr...I brought the cops!"
Why can't Skywalkers become Jewish? Because they have force-kin.
Muslim book store in New York... A man walks in and asks if they have the latest Donald Trump book on immigration.   "Fuck off, get out and don't come back!" says the store owner.   "That's the one!" says the man.
How many Jews can fit in a Volkswagen? Two in the front, two in the back, and 6 million in the ash tray. 
whats the difference between a jew and a pizza? A pizza gets out of the oven.
What do you call a mentally challenged Jew? Auschwistic
what is the largest dillema for jews? free ham
How did the muslim get cancer? By smoking a lot of fags.
what does the Jewish pedophile say to an elementary school kid? Hey kid, want to buy some candy?
The Pope visits Texas The Pope was state bound scheduled to give a speech in Dallas, TX. On their way to the venue the Pope rolls down the privacy glass in the limo and says to his chauffeur, "Hey, you know what? I've always rode in these things, but I've never driven one! Do you mind if we switch spots?" Being it was the Pope himself, the chauffeur felt he couldn't say no so he obliged and exchanged seats. It had been years since the Pope had driven, and he was having the time of his life cruising down the interstate going over 100mph! Consequently he was clocked by a state trooper and pulled over. As the trooper approached the vehicle and got a glance at the driver he quickly turned around and returned to his squad car to call his supervisor.   The trooper called in and told the sergeant, "Sergeant, I'm afraid I pulled over someone very very important." In which he replied," Well, who is it, the governor?" "No, no, much more important than that!" "The President?!" "I'm afraid even more important than that!" "Well, who the hell is it then?!"  "I don't know, but his chauffeur is the freakin' Pope!"
Anyone know why jewish people like coupons and deals so much? They are just trying to avoid the whole cost.           I feel terrible for making this up........ But ill get over it.
What's the difference between a Muslim and a Suicide Bomber? One's a follower of Islam and the other is a person who blows themselves up in the hope of causing collateral damage.  
I just found out JFK was jewish. He was shot in the temple.
Jesus Christ was once Arrested. But he was released on Christian Bale.
A man catches his Jewish friend reading an anti-Semitic newspaper. "Rabinowitz!" He says, "You're reading an anti-Semitic newspaper! How could you?"  "Oh, it's very simple," he replies. "At first I read Jewish newspapers, but they were so depressing! 'Everyone wants to exterminate the Jews!' 'Antisemitism and oppression all around!' So many problems, so much crying... I literally couldn't sleep!  "So now I read the anti-Semitic press, and guess what? It's so positive! 'The Jews rule the world'! 'They've taken everything'! 'They're the rich and they rule the world'!"
An angry teenager from a Catholic home began dressing up like a monk to mock his parents' faith. When asked by a friend how her son had been, the boy's mother replied, "Well, he's been-a-dick-teen lately."
Why Didn't the Jew Score Another Date with the Asian Girl? Hebrew it.
There's an emo in my Web Development class, she's doing a website about jewellery Her first page was /Wrists
What kind of gas did Jews become when they were burned in the ovens? Arsine. 
Where do muslims go when they die? Everywhere!
How many Muslims were banned? How many Muslims were banned?  Allah them.
Two Jewish brothers are walking down the street. They pass a Protestant church whose sign read "Convert to Christianity, Receive $2000". One of the brothers said "I'm going in there to check this out" His brother says "You can't possibly be thinking about converting to Christianity! This is your people this is your heritage!" his brother says "No no, I'm just going to see why they're doing it" After two hours he comes out of the church and says to his brother "I have converted to Christianity, I believe that Jesus is the true lord and savior of humanity and that he will return to earth to bless us and take us to heaven for an eternity of everlasting bliss". His brother says "Well what about the $2000?"  He says "What is it with you people and money?"
Jesus may have been offended Elderly couple in church during Easter mass. Wife turns to husband and says, "I have just done a silent fart, what should I do?" Husband says, "put new batteries in your hearing aid!"
What did one drunk muslim say to another? I'm drunk Ash-faq
A Frenchman, an Italian and a Jewish man die and go to heaven.... An angel ushers the Frenchman into a room filled with every French delicacy imaginable and instructs him - you can eat whatever you want, but if you eat anything from this table, at 5:00 a boiling pot of French onion soup will be wheeled in and you're going in it.   The Frenchman thinks for a moment and stands back in fear.   An angel ushers the Italian into a room filled with every Italian delicacy imaginable and instructs him - you can eat whatever you want, but if you eat anything from this table, at 5:00 a boiling pot of Minestrone soup will be wheeled in and you're going in it.   The Italian thinks for a moment and stands back in fear.  An angel ushers the Jewish man into a room filled with every type of Jewish delicacy imaginable and instructs him - you can eat whatever you want, but if you eat anything from this table, at 5:00 a boiling pot of chicken soup will be wheeled in and you're going in it.   The Jewish guy thinks for a moment and begins stuffing his face with food.   The puzzled angel has never seen this before. No one ever dared to eat the food in fear of being thrown into the boiling soup. He asked the Jewish fellow - I don't understand, the Frenchman and Italian were too scared to eat, are you not afraid?  The Jewish guy answered - nah, I know how these Jewish events work, 5:00 is never 5:00 and the soup is never that hot. 
Two Muslim extremists chatting... One says: So I heard we're going to a concert on the 14th?   Other says: Yeah, Guns and Roses.
What's the difference between a jew and... ...Do you know what's the difference between a jew and a boy scaut?  A boy scout comes back from a camp.
Was explaining that i wasn't much of a catholic after my church's Priest was arrested for rampant child abuse to my friend... ...He replied, "So your loss of religion wasn't really one huge blow, it was dozens of little ones."  
After Jesus cured the blind man... Do you think he gave up masterbation? Or did he go up to Jesus again later like "So, funny story..."
What do you call a Protesting Catholic? A Lutheran!
Jesus and the disciples are at the last supper... Jesus holds up a piece of bread and says, "This is my body."  Then he holds up a cup of wine, saying," This is my blood."  Then he holds up a jar of mayonnaise and Peter says, "Let me stop you right there, Jesus."
I like my pizza like I like my jews Fresh from the oven
What's Jesus favourite gun? A nail gun.
What's the difference between a Jew and a bullet? The bullet gets out of the chamber.
A muslim guy greeted his friend on an airplane. They were both detained. His friend named Jack.
Why doesn't Jesus play first-person shooter games? It takes him 3 days to respawn.
I don't like Muslims name their child "Muhammad" ... I mean you don't see Christians calling their kids Jesus or Jews calling their kids "Satan"
I'm not an observant Jew. You might even say I'm an oblivious Jew.
How do you get a Jewish girl's number? Lift up her sleeve 
Did you hear about that new jewish barista? Hebrews coffee
A Muslim woman knocked on my door last night I spoke to her through the letter slot............ See how she fucking likes it! 
Having constipation is like being a Jew during the Third Reich You push for more, but all you get is gas.
Why did the Muslim take his Note 7 onto an airplane? Do I really have to answer that? Who doesn't bring their phone with them when they travel?
What do you call a last minute Catholic Church service that everyone needs to attend? Critical Mass
Why did Jesus look so ripped during Crucification? CrossFit.
Jesus must be white. 'cause he tastes like a cracker.
A Muslim immigrant. A Muslim immigrant goes to the doctor and says "I feel terrible" The doctor examines him and says "you need to piss and shit into a bucket for a week, throw some dead fish and a rotting cabbage in" Put a towel over your head and inhale the vapours for three days" The Muslim does this and goes back to the doctor and says "I feel wonderful, what was wrong with me? The doctor replied "You are Homesick"  
Jesus and his disciples walk into a restaurant.  Jesus asks for a table for 26.   The head waiter says, “But there’s only 13 of you.”  Jesus says, “Yeah, we’re all going to sit on the same side.”
The Pope decides to invite two... ...of the most controversial people from each country to the Vatican. From the United States, he invites Mike Tyson and Reverend Al Sharpton. Mike Tyson refuses to go at first, but his publicist tells him it would give him a good image for the public. They both get on the plane and Al Sharpton is visibly excited. "I can't wait to meet the Pope! I'm a man of the cloth. He's going to love me!" Mike Tyson replies, "I don't even want to be here. My publicist is making me go." Soon, the flight attendant comes around and offers the men some peanuts. Mike Tyson had never tried peanuts before. He tries them and absolutely loves them. He eats more and more for the whole plane ride. When they finally land, they head to the Vatican. Outside the Vatican there's a peanut vendor. Mike Tyson buys a big bag and goes into the Vatican with Al. He starts eating the peanuts inside and throwing the shells all over the floor. Eventually the Pope comes out, walks up to Mike Tyson, moves his hands as if he's blessing him, and leaves. "What was that?!" Al yells. "You don't even want to be here and he talked to you instead of me?! What did he say?!" Mike Tyson replies (copying the Pope's hand motions), "He said quit eating the peanuts, pick up your shells, take your n****r friend and get the fuck out."   *Edit: This joke is better told in person where the hand motions can be demonstrated.
Unwanted Jewish son A Jewish woman hangs up the phone angrily after talking to her son, who happens to be the president of the United States.  Her friend says, "Who was that?"  "My son."  gasp "The doctor??"  "No, the other one."
Why are catholic priests adressed as "father"? "Daddy" would be too obvious.
A Jewish guy walks into a bar..... and he says to the bartender with much determination, "I'll take 10 shots of whiskey."  The bartender asks the Jewish guy, "What's the matter?"   The Jewish gentleman explains, "I found out my brother is gay and is marrying my best friend."   The next day the same Jewish gentleman comes in and orders 12 shots of whiskey. The bartenders asks, "What's wrong this time?" The Jewish gentleman says, "I found out that my son is gay." The next day the same Jewish man comes in the bar and orders 15 shots of whiskey. Then the bartender asks, "Doesn't anyone in your family like women?" The man looks up and says, "Apparently my wife does."
I got this Jewish girl's number She rolled her sleeve up
How did Jesus get so ripped? He does crossfit. 
Why do muslims love classical music? It has lots of violins
A walk in the park A Muslim man was walking in a park with his 5 wives. All of his wives were in hijab.   A little boy was playing with a ball in the same park. Inadvertently, the boy hits his ball towards the Muslim man. The man smiles and says "You can take the ball". Just a glance of this Muslim man made this boy's blood run cold and he ran to his father to narrate the incident.  After hearing the incident, his father asked, "Why didn't you took the ball?"  The child replied, " But dad, THERE WERE 5 NINJAS WITH HIM!!!".
Jesus was in his room masturbating when Joseph walked in... Joseph sees him and says "Jesus fucking Christ!!"
A black Jewish boy runs home from school one day and asks his father “Daddy, am I more Jewish or more black?”  The dad replies, “Why do you want to know, son?”   “Because a kid at school is selling a bike for $50 and I want to know if I should talk him down to $40 or just steal it!”
My Muslim friend made a letter out of noodles He was found guilty of a pasta C.
Who's the most famous Jewish cook in history? Hitler  Why did he commit suicide?  He got the gas bill.
A promiscuous Amish girl was asked.... "What's your favorite sexual act?" "Two Mennonite"
A balding white haired man walks into a jewelry store with a beautiful much younger gal at his side... He told the jeweler he was looking for a special ring for his girlfriend. The jeweler looked through his stock and brought out a $5,000 ring. The man said, 'No, I'd like to see something more special.' At that statement, the jeweler went to his special stock and brought another ring over. 'Here's a stunning ring at only $40,000the jeweler said. The lady's eyes sparkled and her whole body trembled with excitement. The old man seeing this said, 'We'll take it.' The jeweler asked how payment would be made and the man stated, 'By check. I know you need to make sure my check is good, so I'll write it now and you can call the bank Monday to verify the funds; I'll pick the ring up Monday afternoon.' On Monday morning, the jeweler angrily phoned the old man and said 'Sir...There's no money in that account. ''I know,' said the old man...'But let me tell you about my weekend.’
Potentially offensive Muslim pick-up line [NSFW] Hey girl, are you prayer?  Because I'd love to do you 5 times a day
Jesus rose on the third day. He then went over to the men and said...  "Hola, senor! What is my job?"
A Jewish man was talking to a Hindu man Jew: Yeah, so in my religion we only believe in one God.  Hindu: No way!   Jew: Yahweh
What's the difference between Jesus and the painting of the Last Supper? You only need one nail to hang the painting.
What happens when a Jewish man runs into a wall face first with an erection? He hits his nose.
A Catholic priest walks into a bar he shits all over the floor. It's disgusting. Customers leave. 
What is the difference between a boy scout and a jew? Boy scouts come home from camp.
Amish girl Do you know why the amish girl was excommunicated?   Two mennonite
What did the Muslim prostitute do to her client? Blow him
Day of Judgement, God pulls out Pope and says.."I condemn thee to Hell for cursing when you were 7"..the Pope all shocked.. says.. ..Jesus Fucking Christ
Jews don't recognize Jesus. Protestants don't recognize the Pope. Southern Baptists don't recognize each other at the liquor store.
Did you hear what happened when the Pope went to mount Olive? Popeye beat the shit out of him. 
What do you call a female muslim gorilla? Haram-bae
Why do Jews have big noses? It's genetics.
Why wasn't Jesus born in the USA? Because God couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
How did the Muslim beat the female fencer?  He was rapier. 
An old Jewish man is having soup at a deli He says to the waiter: taste this soup.  The waiter replies: I can't.  There isn't a spoon.  The old Jewish man says: Ah, heh...
Catholic priest joke A priest kept chickens at his village. One evening, one of them went missing. At the church mass prayer gathering the priest asked:  -Who has a cock?  All the men got up  -No, I mean who has seen a cock?  All the men and women got up  -No, no, who has seen a cock that is not theirs?  All the women got up  -Oh, for heavens sake, who has seen my cock  All the nuns got up  The boys choir, also, slowly got up
Why did Hitler prefer Black Jews? Because they had to sit in the back of the chamber and only produced 3/5th the ashes. 
Hanukkah is a truly Jewish holiday. What other group of people would celebrate saving on oil?
How did Jesus get so ripped? By doing Crossfit
Why can't a muslim have SexEd and Driver'sEd on the same day? Their camels need a break at some point.
Why wasn't Jesus Christ born in Alabama? They couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
I slept with a Jewish hooker last night... Burn notice.
Why do jews wear yamakas? It's cheaper because it's half a hat
How do you show a Muslim Girl you're into her? You pull your Dick Out for Haram Bae
What is a gay jew's favourite bank? Goldman Sach's
What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer? Ash
What do you call 30,000 Muslims who meet to protest ISIS? A bomb time. 
Germany Cracks Down on Muslim Sex Attacks By Giving Girls ‘No’ Tattoos Other choices include "No Anal" "No Creampies" "No Bukkake" 
A church just closed, building up for a rent a conversation I overhead Joe: Jim did you hear that church shut down?  Jim: No I didn't, what are they doing with it?  Joe: They are renting it  Jim: Really? But god lives in that church  Joe: Not anymore
Three muslim women... Three muslim women are sitting together talking. One pulls out a picture of her son to show the others. 'This is a picture of my son Abdul. He would have been 18 today'. Another pulls out a picture of her son. 'This is a picture of Mohammed. He would have been 20 today'. The third one says with a tear in her eye, 'Yes, they blow up so quickly these days...'
Muslims are like minecraft creepers If they get too close in combat, they explode  Ps. I am Muslim 
What's the difference between au jus and a jew? Au jus is boiled but a jew is baked.
How do you order food at a Muslim restaurant? Allah carte.
Jesus writes a letter to the three wise men years later, and thanks them for the gifts they gave him. "Hello Wise Men, Thanks for the Frankincense, first wise man, I will make great use of it, perhaps not now, but far later in life. As for you, second wise man, I am very pleased with the Myrrh, it smells lovely and I have been scenting my house with it. However, third wise man, I am travel weary and cannot remember the gift that you sent. I may correspond in the future with you further."  Days later in the wise men's house, another letter arrives.  EDIT: Thanks for the gold
My Jewish grandpa told me this joke a few years back A Rabbi and a Priest are walking by a playground.   Priest: *leans over to the Rabbi and whispers* "Id love to go fuck those kids"  Rabbi: *looking confused* "fuck them out of what? They don't have any money"
Why are Jewish men circumcised... Because Jewish women won't take anything thats less than 20% off
Why was Jesus hanging around the spinning teacups carnival ride? He was taking away the sins of the whirled
If you're in church, Jesus loves you is a good thing In prison, you're fucked.
Jewish Kid who is Bad at Math There is a Jewish family with a son who is horrible at math.  They've tried everything they could think of to get his scores up.  Tutoring, different schools, nothing has worked.  Finally they hear from some friends at Synagogue that they had the same issue with their son, and sending him to catholic day school had brought his math scores up.  &amp;nbsp;  So, they figure why not, they've tried everything else, and send him to Catholic school.  On the first day he comes home, goes straight to his room and works on his math homework.  He does this every day for the rest of the year, and lo and behold, his math scores rise until he has top marks.  &amp;nbsp;  His parents are happy with the outcome but are very curious as to why the Catholic school did the trick.  So they ask their son at dinner one day what it is about the Catholic school that pushed him to be so good at math.  &amp;nbsp;  "Is it the uniforms?"  they ask, "do they make you more serious or give you school pride.  &amp;nbsp;  "The uniforms are ok," the son replies, "but I don't really care about them either way."  &amp;nbsp;  "Is it the nuns?" the parents ask, "are they strict?"  &amp;nbsp;  "The nuns are just like any other teachers I've ever had," replied the son.  &amp;nbsp;  "Well what about the priests?  Have they inspired you to work on math?"  Pushed his parents  &amp;nbsp;  "No, we hardly ever even see them.  Nobody cares about the priests at school."  Says the son.  &amp;nbsp;  "Well, we really want to know."  His parents continued to press, "What it is about Catholic school that has caused you to work so hard on your math."  &amp;nbsp;  "Oh."  Said the son,  "Well I walked in there on the first day and saw the guy nailed to the plus sign, so I knew that this place wasn't fucking around."
One day a boy goes to church One day a boy goes to church, all seemed normal except for one thing. The boy lacked parents. Finding this strange the priest asked the boy where his mother was. The boy refused to discuss of his mother. When the priest asked why the boy refused to talk of his mother, the boy asked if he could go outside so the priest complies. When the priest asked why they needed to step outside, the boy responded with "sorry, its rude to mention Satan in a church"
Want to hear a funny joke? Islam is the religion of peace.
(very dark) what's the difference between jews and boy scouts? the boy scouts return home from the camp
A copycat Muslim extremist.... A copycat Muslim extremist walks into a gay bar.  He leans to the bartender smiles and says, "I am feeling happy today, Shots for everyone!!!"
A lot more Muslims have been joining police departments... That way you can kill all the Americans you like and it's not such a sacrifice. 
Jesus: I can turn water into wine. Professor X: That's a neat party trick and all but it surely can't be useful in batt- Guards: *Fall down dead*. Jesus: *blows on his index finger as if it were a gun barrel* People are made of 90% water
The pope decides to remove all of the jews from italy. The jews, obviously, disagree with this; so the pope agrees to have a debate with a rabbi for if the jews should stay in italy or not. The jews vote and decide on an old, wise rabbi.   The time for the debate comes, and it dawns on them that they can't understand each other, so they decide to have a nonverbal debate.   The pope waves his finger around in the air, and the rabbi replies by pointing down at the ground. The pope then holds up 3 fingers, and the rabbi replies by holding up a single finger. The pope then takes out bread and wine, and the rabbi takes out an apple. The pope concedes, and lets the jews stay in italy.   After the debate is over, a young cardinal asks the pope why he conceded. The pope replies to the cardinal   "I waved my hand in the air to show that God is all around us, and he pointed to the ground to show that God is right here with us. I held up 3 fingers, symbolizing the trinity, and he held up one, symbolizing the one god we share between us. I then took out the bread and wine, a reminder of the last supper and of holy communion; and he took out an apple, symbolizing the fruit of knowledge that lead up to that moment. From that point, I knew he had me beat."  while this is happening, a jew asks the rabbi how he won the debate.  "heck if i know, he waved his hand in the air to show that he would remove all of the jews from italy, so i pointed down to show that we're staying right here. he said we had 3 days to get out of italy, so i gave him the finger."   "and what about the last part?"   "well he took out his lunch so i took out mine!"
Did you know Jesus smoked weed? He was stoned before he died
What's Jesus's favorite alcohol? While most would say wine, he would be fine with anything as long as he could get hammered.
Jesus is watching you. While a thief is robbing a house in the middle of the night, he hears a voice from above that says, "Jesus is watching you."  Freaked out he turns around shining his flashlight but sees nothing.  So he figures that it must have been his imagination and convinces himself that everything is okay.  So he continues to rob the house.  Just as he's about to get a flat screen tv off of the wall, he hears the same voice from above that again says, "Jesus is watching you."  This time his adrenaline shoots up as he knows for sure that the voice was not his imagination.  In panic, he shines his light back and forth across the room looking for the source of the voice; until finally, his light shines upon a big bird cage hanging from the ceiling with a parrot inside of it.  The thief breathes a sigh of relief and says, "Oh, you're just a harmless parrot.  You had me scared for a second, haha."  So the thief continues working on getting the flat screen tv off of the wall.  But while he's working, he asks the parrot, "Hey parrot, what is your name?"  The parrot responds, "My name is Moses."  The thief pauses and with a chuckle asks, "What kind of stupid owner would name his parrot Moses?"  The parrot replies, "The same owner that named his rottweiler Jesus."
What is the difference between a painting of jesus and jesus It only takes one nail to hang a painting  OR  Jesus Was only hung once
What's a Catholic priest's favorite town to visit? Du Bois
A young Catholic man goes to confession and says, “Father, it has been one month since my last confession. I have had sex with Nookie Green every week for the last month.”  The priest tells the sinner, “You are forgiven. Go out and say three Hail Mary’s.”  Soon after, another man enters the confessional. “Father, it has been two months since my last confession. I have had sex with Nookie Green twice a week for the last two months.”  This time the priest questions, “Who is Nookie Green?”  “A new woman in the neighborhood,” the sinner replies.  “Very well,” sighs the priest. “Go and say ten Hail “Mary’s.”  At Mass the next morning, as the priest prepares to deliver his sermon, a tall, voluptuous, drop dead gorgeous woman enters the sanctuary. The eyes of every man in the church fall upon her as she slowly sashays up the aisle and sits down right in front of the Priest!  Her dress is green and very short, with matching shiny emerald green shoes.  The priest and altar boy gasp, as the woman in the matching green shoes and dress sits with her legs slightly spread apart. The priest turns to the altar boy and whispers, “Is that Nookie Green?”  The bug-eyed altar boy can’t believe his ears but replies, “No, I think it’s just the reflection off her shoes!”
How do you get a jewish girls number? You roll up her sleeve.
After a tragic fire in a Catholic school, three young ladies arrived in Heaven They were met by St. Peter, who told them that all each of them had to do to be admitted beyond the pearly gates was to answer a question about the Bible.  The first young woman faced St. Peter "What," he asked, "was the name of the first man?" "Adam" she answered, and was admitted.  The second young woman approached St Peter. "What," he asked," was the name the first woman?" "Eve," she said, and the gates swung wide for her.  The third young woman approached St. Peter. "What," he asked, "was the first thing Eve said to Adam?"  The young woman wrung her hands. "Gee sir, that's hard."  St. Peter stepped aside and admitted her. 
What's the difference between boy scouts and Jews? Boy scouts come back from the camp alive
Jesus. Guys. I had to put a ferret down my pants.. It is driving me nuts
Why do Amish women eat watermelon with their panties off? To keep the flies off their watermelon!
A young Jew wants to get married... ...but he has a major dilemma, so he goes to see a wise rabbi.  'Rabbi! I'd like to get married, but tell me: what should I do? Should I marry a super hot girl who'll cheat on me every other month or an ugly one who I know will only be mine?'  To which the rabbi replies:  'Well, son, you have to decide what's the better option: share a cake with your friends or eat a load of shit alone?'
A priest and a rabbi see a young boy. . . A priest and a rabbi see a young boy. The boy drops something and bends over to pick it up.  &amp;nbsp;  The priest exclaims "Man, I'd like to screw him!"  &amp;nbsp;  The rabbi replies "Out of what?"
What did the Jewish arsonist order from the bar? a mazel tov cocktail
Who's the first Jewish guy to get a Heisman Trophy? "Fred Goldman, because he's got mine!" - OJ Simpson
How do Jews shower? How do Jews shower?  The same as you idiot.  First we get nice and we..  Wait, it's a trap!  The gas its too mu... faint scream﻿
Thank God Jesus was born in a stable... Condition
Jesus walks up to a crowd of people getting ready to stone a woman to death for committing adultery. Jesus says, "who is without sins may cast the first stone." A woman stepped out of the crowd wielding a huge rock. Raising it above her head she violently smashes it down on the poor lady and splits her head wide open. The mysterious woman dusts off her hands and begins to walk away. Jesus shakes his head and says,"Mom, sometimes you really piss me off"
A Catholic girl walks into a confessional and says "Father, I think I may be pregnant." He replies "How did this happen, my child?" She says "It must be the second coming." The Priest is shocked by this statement and asks "What makes you think this?" She replies "Because I swallowed the first."
Go Karting with a Muslim coworker Muslim coworker: We should organise a go karting day out, I went on the weekend and it was really fun!  Dan: That's a good but isn't it dangerous?  Jack: As long as you don't go in Ram-a-dan.
What kind of meat does a catholic priest eat on Friday? Nun
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash
Why aren't Jewish people into rap? They can't drop dimes
Dirty Catholic Priest jokes are getting old. So we know one demographic who won't like them any more at least. 
Why are Jews like oranges? They're both naturally Hasidic.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture of Jesus.
What do you call it when a Jewish person has an idea in Auschwitz? Shower thoughts
Why is it taking so long for Jesus to come back? He got deported by ICE.  
A Jew, muslim and Christian come up with a plot to rob the kings treasury. At the moment of entry the guard dog barks and they all get caught.  The guards take all three man straight to the king to meet their fate.   Extremely angry the king decides to punish the men by ordering them each 20 lashes to the back.   They are hauled to the punishment chamber to receive their 20 lashes.  Christian man happens to be first in line and naturally scared he pisses his pants. The punisher sees this and cant help but have a little sympathy.  The punisher tells the Christian man its okay and that even though he is the punisher he in fact really hates his job.   Trying to calm the Christian man the punisher offers him anything he needs in order to make the 20 lashes easier on him.  The Christian man happily asks to have a pillow strapped to his back. His wish is granted.  The punisher lets loose with his whip and on the 15 strike the pillow rips open and flys off. The Christian man receives 5 straight lashes to his back and moves aside.   The Jew is next and is offered the same deal. Being a smart Jew he immediately responds and asks for 2 pillows. His wish also is granted.  18 lashes to his back and both pillows rip open and fly off. He gets 2 strikes on his back and collapses in pain before he is hauled aside.  The muslim man being next starts crying right away. When asked by the punisher why he is crying? The muslim answers saying how he regrets his crime because of the severity of his sin to rob someone. And he feels worthless because he thinks 20 lashes are not enough for his crime and asks for a increase to a 100 lashes so he can learn his lesson.   The punisher being extremely surprised at the muslim mans honesty and sense of remorse says 100 lashes it is you honest muslim. Now what can I do to help make such monumental punishment easier on you as I did to the Christian and Jew before you.   The Muslim man politely asks to have the Jew tied to his back. 
What do you call a jewish Pokemon? A Circumscyther.
When someone proclaims "I'm not ashamed of Jesus", I can't tell if they are a Christian or if they are coming out of the closet.
Multijokes: How many Jews can you fit in a family car. Standard Answ**e**r: Three in the back, two in the front and six-million in the ashtray.  Follow-Up Answ**e**r: Three in the back, two in the front and none anywhere else because the Holocaust never happened.  Alternate Answ**e**r: Three in the back, two in the front and a family of eight hiding under the roof-rack.  Efficient Answ**e**r: Not enough, we'll need to use trains.  Anti-Joke Answ**e**r: Please tell me, myself and some Jewish friends are going to Florida but ~~cannot afford~~ are too-cheap for plane tickets.  Racist Answ**e**r: Throw a dollar in there and they'll all get in.  
How did Jesus get so ripped? 39 lashes.
What do you call a place with a herd of Jews? Auschwitz
Why don't Catholics get insurance? Because everything is an act of God.
A Jewish man sends his son to Israel A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while. Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian. The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend.  The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the two of them went to see the Rabbi.  They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."  So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray. They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians."  There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . "
What's the worst part about being a black jew? Having to sit at the back of the oven
I asked my dad if all Muslims could one day live in peace. He said "Sunni, that's Shia madness."
Jews joke. What is the different between a jew and a pizza.     Pizza doesn't scream inside the oven. 
What camp were jewish pets sent to? Mousevitz
As a Muslim, I'm disappointed That none of my posts have really blown up yet. 
What's the difference between a loaf of bread and a Jewish person? A loaf of bread doesn't scream when you put it in the oven.
What do you call a muslim holocaust? Sand Sanitizer.
Suicide bomber shouted "Allahu Akbar" and then he... switched on Samsung Galaxy Note 7
What do you call a Jew who makes beer? Hebrew.
Jesus was such a hypocrite Preaches waiting for marriage and all that. Meanwhile he just goes and gets nailed 3 times in one day.
Jesus may have fed fishes and loaves to 5000 people.... But hitler made 6 million jews toast.
I found a wallet today As a good Christian I thought: What would Jesus do?   So I turned it to wine
Jesus, my local time travel club postponed their meeting again.. Now its last week
What do you call a drunk Muslim? Mohammered
What do you call a nun who's drinking a pint? Catholic 
Why did the Catholic priest disappoint the wine connoisseur club? Because he likes it young
I managed to escape Neverland Ranch by taking refuge in a nearby Catholic church. Oh well...out of the flying Pan, into the friar.
Jesus walks into a restaurant Waiter: -Would you like a drink?  Jesus : -Water is fine.  Jesus: \*looks directly into camera\*
Jesus was worried about the drug epidemic plaguing the world. In an effort to solve this dilemma, he decided that a few apostles would return to earth and fetch a sample of each drug, so they could understand what these substances did... Two days after the operation is implemented, the disciples begin to return.   Jesus, waiting at the door, lets in each disciple.  "Who is it?"   "It's Mark."   Jesus opens the door.   "What did you bring Mark?"   "Marijuana from Colombia."   "Very well son, come in."  Another soft knock is heard.   "Who is it?"   "It's Matthew."   Jesus opens the door.   "What did you bring Matthew?"   "Cocaine from Bolivia."   "Very well son, come in."  At the next knock Jesus asks, "Who is it?"   "It's John."   Jesus opens the door.   "What did you bring John?"   "Crack from New York."   "Very well son, come in."  Someone starts pounding on the door.   "Who is it?"   "It's Judas!"   Jesus opens the door.   "What did you bring Judas?"   "FREEZE! THIS IS THE DEA!"
Soviet Joke about Jews. In Israel, a group of returnees is being interviewed. One of the questions is as follows: What manifestations of anti-Semitism have you experienced in the USSR? The elderly Soviet airforce pilot, former colonel, answers:  \- In June 1967, our squadron in Egypt received a task - to prepare to bomb Tel Aviv. And they removed me from mission!
Did you hear about the guy who killed a group of catholic crows? It was Mass murder
How do you keep a Baptist from drinking all of your alcohol when you invite them for dinner? Invite 2 of them.
How does the Pope buy things online?  Papal
I'm just a basic Jew... ...but if things go sour, I might become Hasidic.
What did the Call of Duty Player with Shit Internet and Jesus have in common? They both took 3 days to respawn 
How Jesus found his father Works best in Italian  Jesus walks along the street when he sees a sad old man sitting on a bench. He stops and asks him what his name is and why he is sad.  The old man says his name is Giuseppe (Italian for Joseph) and he has lost his son.  "How do you recognize your son?"  "He has nails in his hands and feet."  "Father!"  "Pinocchio!"  &amp;nbsp;  For those not getting this - Gepetto is an Italian diminutive for Giuseppe - Joseph. Gepetto was the wood carver who create Pinocchio and was his father.
Being a black jew was tough Finally you get freed from slavery, only to be told "work makes you free". 
A Jewish man walks into a Mosque and he never comes out.
A Jewish kid's parents sent him to a Jewish school After a week he was kicked for bad behavior, so they sent him to another Jewish school. He was kicked from there as well, so they chose to send him to a Catholic school instead.  After a month they came to a school meeting, and the teachers praised the kid and said he does really well.  They asked the kid what was up. He said that at his first day at school, while they were showing him around, the teacher showed him a man hanged on a cross and said "See? He was Jewish too".
Jesus and Moses were hanging out having some drinks... "Moses, nobody believes in us anymore. I'm going to perform a miracle," says Jesus.  He leads the way down to the beach.  "I'm going to walk on water. That will restore their faith!"  Jesus steps out onto the water, but he falls right in. He brushes himself off and, with much determination, steps out on to the water again. Once again, he falls in and is now soaked.  Wringing his his clothes out, he exclaims "Moses, I don't know what happened! The last time I did this trick it worked like a charm!"  Moses replies "The last time you did this you didn't have holes in your feet."
Jesus and me have one thing in common: more and more people stop beliveing in me
What's the difference between a Jew and a Feminist? Jews don't complain when they're roasted.
How Judas really died  So let me get this straight, there's like a dozen dudes following this peaceful hippie around the desert. A criminal, a murderer, eve n a tax collector. You think that tax collector didn't have his own cronies? Anyways, a dozen hard dudes following a hippie and one decides to sell out like a bitch and put Jesus in jail. And you're telling me he hung *HIMSELF*?!  Right, sounds like a media cover up to me - Historians in 3016AD
I don't think most people realize that being Jewish grants you some perks... Like free gas.
What was the Jew looking for in the ash? His relatives.
Two Jews walk into a bar... Oy Oy!
What's the difference between a Jew and a Bullet? The Bullet leaves the chamber.  Courtesy of my comrade Ivo
This might be offensive, but what do you call a jewish pokémon trainer? Ash.
Jesus Christ walks into a motel and drops a handful of nails on the counter. He asks Can you put me up for the night ?
What do Catholic Star Wars fans say? In the name of the Vader, the Luke, and the Obi-Wan Kenobi
How many Jews can you fit in a car? Depends how big the ash tray is.
a mexican, a jew, and a coloured guy walk into a bar The bartender looked up and says "get the fuck out of here"
There are no Jews living on Punk Street ... but I know one who lives on Oi way!
How do You Pick up a Jewish Girl? With an ashtray.
A Priest And A Rabbi Are Sitting On A Park Bench Watching Kids Play... Priest - "Hey rabbi, want to help me screw these kids?"   Rabbi-"Screw them out of what?"
A devout Catholic decided he wanted a Lamborghini... ...but he wasn't very wealthy so he confided in a few different holy men he was close with to ask them for their advice.  First, he called up a Franciscan priest he knew and asked "Father, do you think I should pray a novena for a Lamborghini?" The Franciscan replied, "What's a Lamborghini?"  Then, he called up a Jesuit priest he knew and asked "Father, do you think I should pray a novena for a Lamborghini?" The Jesuit replied, "What's a novena?"
Cop pulls over the pope The pope begs his driver to let him drive for a while. Reluctantly the driver agrees. Not long after the car gets pulled over for speeding.  The cop makes his way to the vehicle but freaks out once he sees the pope in the driver seat smiling at him. He immediately takes his radio and calls the station.  "Control, I've pulled over a speeding vehicle."  "This is control, what's the problem? Proceed normally."  "I may have pulled over a VIP."  "This is control, is it the president or a minister of some sort?"  "Control, I may have pulled over god. Like who else would have the pope for their driver?"
Why couldn't the Amish go waterskiing? Because the horses might drown
What did Mary say when she had to change Jesus's Nappy for the first time? "HOLY SHIT!"
Archeologist in Jerusalem have found a piece of physical evidence of Jesus. A 2,000 year old piece of human feces. Holy shit!
Jesus take the wheel... Carlos take the stereo, I'll take the lookout.
Isn't there a Jewish holiday that usually coincides with easter? Ya, but it passover a week ago
An Irishman and a Muslim are sat next to each other on a flight... An Irishman and a Muslim are sat next to each other on a flight.  The stewardess comes up and asks the Irish man if he'd like a drink. He orders a whiskey and the stewardess hands it to him.  The stewardess then asks the Muslim if he'd like a drink. "I'd rather be raped by a dozen whores!" he shouts back.  The Irishman calmly hands his whiskey back to the stewardess and says "I'll have what he's having".
A muslim opens a stir-fry restaurant in Hawaï. He called it "Aloha-Wok-bar".
What's the difference between a Jew and Harry Potter? One of them left the chamber alive.
Why are so many doctors Jewish? Because their mothers are
What's the best way to pick up a Jewish girl in the 1940s? With a dustpan.
Theirs 2 parachutes one pilot,the smartest man im the world,a Catholic preacher,and a Christen preecher Their on a crashing plane The pilot says "im going down with the plane yall decide who gets them" After a bit of debate the smartest man in the world gets one and jumps out. The two preachers say the other person should and they have served their purposes in this world,after a while,the pilot says"you two are good to go he just jumped out with my backpack"
Why doesn't the pope like continuous functions? They're not hole-y.
CMV: If a Muslim eats a ham footlong, but he honestly thought it was turkey, he does not commit a sin. Oops, wrong sub.
What do you call the Pope when he is sleepwalking? A Roamin' Catholic.
The Pope. A guy meets a Cardinal after converting and asks if he can meet the pope. The Cardinal tells him that it takes a lot to earn a meeting with the pope, so the man donates 50 thousand dollars to the church and is granted his wish. The pope starts to make his way down the line of people who wanted to meet him, shaking each persons hand. The guy notices farther up the line that when the pope got to a homeless man in tattered clothes, he touched his arm and leaned in close. The guy saw an opportunity and approached the homeless man, offering to switch clothes with him.  He goes back to his spot rubbing dirt on his face and looking as pathetic as possible. The pope finally reaches him,  leans in close and says, "I thought I told you to get the fuck out of here."
This talk about a Muslim ban is ridiculous. We should be banning people who are missing toes. Sorry!!  I'm lack toes intolerant.
A little boy heard about Jesus Christ on tv... he wanted to know more about who was jesus so he went to this dad "hey dad who's jesus christ?" dad answered "not now son im busy with work, ask ur mom" so the boy went to his mom and asked "mom who's jesus christ?" ,mom answered "baby im washing the dishes right now, ask ur sister" so the boy went to his sister and asked "hey sis whos jesus christ?", sister answered "leave me alone im puttin makeup on go bother ur brother" so the boy went to his brother and asked "hey bro whos jesus christ?", bro answered "yo im in the middle of my cod match ask someone else"  the little boy felt lost and unwanted so he took a train downtown and was looking for people to ask about Jesus Christ. Eventually he walked down a lonely alleyway and spotted an old homeless drunk sleeping under a cardboard blanket. The little boy asked "Excuse me sir, who's jesus christ?'  The homeless drunk awoke from his stupor and blabbered, "Who's Jesus Christ? Well I am Jesus Christ!"  The little boy stood in disbelief "no way you can't be, ur lying!"  The homeless drunk said "oh yea come with me ill prove it to u right now"  With these words the homeless drunk stood up and began to leave the alleyway, motioning for the little boy to follow.  The little boy follows the old man into a bar and as they walk inside the bartender spots them and yells "Jesus Christ are you in here again!?"
What's the diffrence between a catholic priest and acne? Acne doesn't come on a boys face until he's 15
What is a place that is good for unbaked bread but bad for a Jew in a concentration camp? An oven.
An amish girl and her mom are riding home in a horse drawn carriage Daughter: "Mom, my hands are so cold."  Mother: "Stick your hands between your legs and your body heat will keep them warm."  So the daughter does this and she is amazed how warm her hands got. So the next night she is with her boyfriend running errands:  Boyfriend: "Wow, it is cold out, my hands are so cold."  Daughter: "Stick your hands between my legs and my body heat will keep them warm."  So the boyfriend does this, then later on in the night:  Boyfriend: "It is so cold, now my nose is really cold!"  Daughter: "Stick your nose between my legs and my body heat will keep it warm."  The next morning the daughter wakes up and goes to her mother:  Daughter: "Mother, what is a penis?"  Mother: "Why are you asking such a thing for? Should i be concerned?"  Daughter: "Oh, no worries, I was just wondering. My boyfriend said last night it was cold so i told him to stick it between my legs to make it warm and wow does it make one hell of a mess when it defrosts!"
What's the best fantasy book? A bible
Which part of camping do Jews hate the most? Campfire 
Why did the Muslim cross the road To get to the airport to board there plane so they could high jack it and smash into the twin towers killing thousands of people 
What was the Jew's excuse for hitting her wife? Adolf HitHer
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? A picture of Jesus only needs *one nail* to hold it up. 
The Pope decides to go around Rome incognito He steps into his limousine. All the windows are tinted obviously, so no one can see who's inside. The Pope tells the driver to go around Rome at once. However, the driver is really nervous, because it's the first time he takes the Pope around all alone; usually, His Holiness is surrounded by a dozen bodyguards at the very least. So the driver is really stressed out, and to make sure nothing bad happens he drives really slowly.  After a while, the Pope tells him to drive faster, but the driver isn't willing to go above 30 km/h. After another while, the Pope says:  'Okay, let's switch. I'll show you how to freaking drive, my son!'  They switch and the Pope immediatly accelerates. Of course, a police car pursues them when they see a limo going around Rome wildly, well above the speed limit, and they ask them to pull over. A policeman approaches the driver's side where the window is being lowered. When the policeman sees the Pope, he turns completely pale, mutters some apologies and runs back to the police car. His partner inquires:  'Why the hell didn't you give him a ticket, you moron?'  'Man, I didn't dare... that's an extremely important person sitting there in that limo...'  'Who? The Mayor? Should've given him a ticket, that bastard deserves it!'  'No, no, someone much more important...'  'Who then? One of our corrupt ministers perhaps?'  'No, no, much more important than that...'  'The Prime Minister?'  'No, no...'  'Oh for fuck's sake, just tell me who it is already!'  'Well actually, I don't know... But it's the Pope himself who serves as their driver!'
You've heard of Blacula, the Black Dracula? Well, they have a Jewish Dracula. His name? Sidney Appelbaum.
[NSFW] I saw Jesus in my toast this morning. And then at lunch I saw the Virgin Mary in my roast beef sandwich.
What is the difference between Santa Claus and Jews? **Santa Claus goes into the chimney!**   **:'D**
Why did Jesus go to the gym? To make sure his cross fit.
Jews rated their trip to Auschwitz. They all gave it one star.
What does a muslim man call a woman he wants to sleep with, but can't due to religious reasons? Harambae
On his death bed, an old jew says to his wife: Oh, Sarah, when the shop burned down you were right beside me, no? - Sure I was, Moshe. When the Nazis drove us out of our beloved Deutschland you were beside me again, no? - I was, Moshe. And now you're at my death bed, aren't you? - I am, darling. I'm starting to think you're bad luck, Sarah.
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer? Ash
What's the opposite of a basic Jew? A Hasidic Jew.  (Thank you.. Thank you.. I'll be here all week..)
Why do Jews Brag About How Great Their Children Are? Because they don't win traditional dick measuring contests.
Jews must have severe radiation poisoning... ...Because they don't have much skin!
What brand of underwear did Jesus wear? Fruit of the Womb
Jesus Christ fed 2,000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish but Adolf Hitler made 6 million Jews toast.
Whats the difference in Harry Potter and a jew? Harry made it out of the chamber.
What's better, Jesus or a picture of Jesus? A picture because it only takes one nail to hang it 
A Rabbi and catholic priest Are walking down the road talking about religions. And an hour goes by and the rabbi looks stops and looks back and sees the priest stopped in the road staring off in the distance.   The rabbi yells out. "What is wrong my friend?"  And the priest replies " see that little boy over there?"   And the rabbi walks back and looks, and sees this little boy in his underwear playing in a sand box with the ants. And the rabbi looks at the priest and ask "so?"   And the priest says " well I would really love to screw that little boy"   and the rabbi looks back at the boy and back a the priest and says " your sick, what is there to screw him out of?"
How do Jews fight? With JewJitsu
What is a Jewish guys favorite motorcycle brand? Yamaka
Gun control is very similar to any Muslim It doesn't fly with me.
How many Jews does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Not sure, but that is definitely the smell of burning flesh. 
What do you call a flying Jew? Smoke.
I just was stuck on a crowded elevator with the pope. I really wanted to say something but he was 4 people away and the door was about to open. I went with "ah choo"
A German liked to amuse himself by scaring every Jew he saw strutting down the street in an obnoxious Yamaka. He would swerve his van as if to hit them, then swerve back just missing them. One day while driving along, he saw a priest. He thought he would do a good deed, so he pulled over and asked the priest, "Where are you going, Father?" "I'm going to give Mass at St. Francis church, about two miles down the road," replied the priest. "Climb in, Father. I'll give you a lift!" The priest climbed into the passenger seat, and they continued down the road. Suddenly, the driver saw a Jew walking down the road, and he instinctively swerved as if to hit him. But, as usual, he swerved back onto the road just in time. Even though he was certain that he had missed the guy, he still heard a loud THUD. not knowing where the noise came from, he glanced in his mirrors but still didn't see anything. He then remembered the priest, and he turned to the priest and said, "Sorry Father, I almost hit that Jew." "That's OK," replied the priest "I got him with the door."
What‘ s the difference between a pizza and a jew The pizza doesn´t scream when you put it in the oven
What do Spanish people call their young Jewish friends? Amigos Menorahs. 
How do you tell the difference between a Methodist and a Baptist? Methodist will say hi in a liquor store.
What's the difference between a boy scout and a jew? One comes back from camp. 
What do you get when you cross a gay man and a jew? A gay jew, seriously guys what were you expecting?  A JAY?  A GEW?  Seriously guys, what's wrong with you and your twisted sense of humor...
What's Jewish and runs? The Diarrhea of Anne Frank
Whats the difference between a boy scout and a jew? A boy scout comes home from camp.
When Jesus was crucified, what was the cause of death? Cross Contamination
At a Catholic school, a class of children are asked... Teacher: "If there are three birds sitting on a wire and one of them gets shot, how many birds are left?"    Girl: "There are two birds left!"   Teacher: "Correct. What about you Johnny?"   Johnny: "Zero."   Teacher: "That is wrong. How do you get zero if only one bird was shot?"   Johnny: "Simple. When the bird was shot the other two flew away."   Teacher: "That's a smart answer but it isn't right."   Johnny: "Okay, how about this?" *He reaches his hands into his pockets* "I am holding onto something hard, round  and has a head. What am I holding?"   Teacher: "Why Johnny! That's inappropriate!"   Johnny: "How so? It's only a coin."
why are Jews so good at studying ?  cause they went to concentration camp ! 
How do you get 512 Jews in a car? 12 in the trunk, 500 in the ash tray. 
Offensive Jew Joke What's the difference between a Jew and a boys out? The boy scouts come out of the camps
whats the difference between boyscouts and jews? Boyscouts come back from camp.
Gender is like a dead Jew. Before we know it, there'll be six million of them. 
A Catholic school teacher asks the children who they want to be when they grow up A Catholic school teacher asks the children who they want to be when they grow up when one girl raises her hand and says "I want to be a prostitute"  "A WHAT???" yells the incredulous teacher  "A prostitute" says the girl calmly  "Whew thank Heavens, I thought you said 'Protestant'"
What's the difference between Jesus and a hooker? Jesus wants to get fucked for free.
Why can't Jesus eat M&amp;M's? They fall through his hands. 
Jesus' favorite pick up line "Hey girl. I'm the son of God back from the dead and trust me, I put the erection in resurrection."
Where do Rastafarian Muslims go to pray? Ja-mecca
What do Muslims and the BBC have in common? They both cover up for pedophiles. 
Did you hear about the Muslim artists who threw paint bombs at a building? They blue it up.
​Why do Catholic priests like Indian restaurants so much? Unlimited fresh naans!
A drunken man staggers in to a Catholic church, sits down in a confession box but says nothing. The bewildered priest coughs to attract his attention, but still the man says nothing.    The priest then knocks on the wall three times in a final attempt to get the man to speak.   Finally, the drunk replies: "No use knocking mate, there's no paper in this one either."
Did you hear about the Jewish kamikaze pilot? He crashed his plane into his brother's scrap yard.
A Catholic priest and a rabbi walk out of a bar A catholic priest and a rabbi walk out of a bar.  They see a young boy about 9 or 10 years old riding his bicycle.  The priest exclaims "let's fuck him." The rabbi asks "outta what?"
Why was Jesus ripped at his crucifixion? Because he was cross-fit!
[NSFW] If sleeping with an Asian gets you your yellow belt, what do you get when you sleep with a Muslim? A suicide belt
what do the broke people who put on Tupac's last performance and WWII Jews have in common? Never forget the Holo-cost.
why are all jewish men circumcised? because jewish women won't touch anything unless it's at least 10% off. 
Why does hitler not like jewish lemonade ? Its to hasidic
What is a Jewish dilemma ? Free ham.
A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a little . . . A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a little. Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian. The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend.  The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the two of them went to see the Rabbi.  They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."  So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray. They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians."  There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . "
This watch means a lot to me, I got it from my Jewish Grandfather He sold it to me on his deathbed.
So what if Jesus turned water into wine... I once turned an entire student loan into beer.  Your move Jesus.
What do you call a flying jew?     Smoke
What is a Jewish man's favorite motorcycle? A Yamaka
How can you tell if a Volcano is Jewish? It has a build up of shmagma around the rim.
I told my friend that I grew up Catholic. She asked if I had ever been molested. I'm still pretty butt hurt about that
The bible purposely leaves out the decade of Jesus' life in his 20s because he was clearly a ladies man... I mean, he can turn water into wine, and was well hung. What do you expect!
You know you're getting old when you sound like Jewish rice crispy's Snap crackle OY! 
What car does Jesus drive? A Christler
What did they call Jesus after He died on the cross? Xavier
Jesus was almost born in a mangler, but there was no "l" Wasn't sure I should say "no 'l'" or "noel." It sounds better out loud.
A missing Chinese pyromaniac has been located hiding out at a Roman Catholic monastery. He was found praying with friars.
Jesus loves you may be a wonderful thing to hear in church But it's a terrible thing to hear in a Mexican prison.
Why do Jewish men die before their wives?   They want to. 
Some Muslims were having an argument on my street the other day... I wanted to step in, but I was afraid it would blow up in my face.
I don't want to bash jews but come on for christ's sake.  They're bad people.
What kind of meat does The Pope eat? Nun
What do Muslim gamers say at the start of Ramadan? "Gotta go fast!"
Why don't cannibal Jews like eating germans They give them gas
What's the worst thing about being black and Jewish? You have to sit at the back of the oven
What did the Redneck say to the Muslim? Dey took R jobs!
Two Jews are walking down the street... Moishe and Ibraham are walking down the street and they come across a church sign that says, "Convert to Christianity! Receive $1000!". Ibraham turns to Moishe a says, "Well, I might as well go see what this is all about."   Moishe sits down on a bench and waits. He's waiting for 5 minutes, 10 minutes, an hour goes by then Ibraham finally comes out.   Moishe says, "So... how'd it go?"   Ibraham replies, "I've accepted Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior. I believe that he died on the cross for our sins, on the third day he rose from the dead and he is now seated at the right hand of the Father."   Moisha says, "What about the $1000?"   Ibraham says, "What is with you people and money?"  
Jesus is a deadbeat dad Said he'd be coming back soon 2000 years ago and we're still waiting.
Jewish joke (do not click if easily offended) What's the difference between Santa and a jew?  Santa goes down the chimney... which is why he's always covered in black soot. 
Hey girl, are you a Jewish community? 'Cause I want to liquidate YOUR ghetto ;)))
I don't see a lot of Jewish people. Its almost as if they're going extinct
Italians and Spaniards are so used to Catholic child abuse... ... That they call the Pope daddy
A Jewish man is walking on the beach when he discovers a bottle containing a genie. He rubs it and a genie comes out, and promises to grant him one wish. He says, “Peace in the Middle east, that’s my wish.” The genie looks concerned, then says “No, I’m sorry, that’s just not possible. Some things just can’t be changed. Do you have another wish?” The guys says ‘Well…for my whole life I’ve never receievd oral sex from my wife. That would be my wish.” The genie pauses for another moment and then says “How would you define peace?”
What is the difference between white teenage girls and Muslim teenage girls? White teenage girls get stoned BEFORE they have sex.
What are jews best known for? Prophets.
Who's the first Jewish guy to ever win a Heisman trophy? "Fred Goldman cause he took mine!" - OJ Simpson
A Jewish boy gets home from school His father says he's been doing bad in school so his teacher recommended going to a camp to help with his schoolwork.  "What kind of camp?" The boy asked  "A concentration camp" his father replied 
What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer? Ash Ketchum.
What sucks the most about being black and Jewish? You have to sit at the back of the incinerator.
Why do Muslim women not say amen? Cause they say awoman.
Did you hear about the Amish woman? She had two mennonite that drove her buggy
What do you get when you cross Jesus and a couple of criminals? A good Friday
Have you heard of drooling Jesus? He's offering salivation.
What do you call a Jewish Pokémon Trainer? Ash.
What Kind of Car Does a Jewish Person Drive? A Ford Torahs
How do Hawaiian Muslims greet each other? "Aloha Akbar!"
Which character of Pokemon is a jew? Ash
What did the jewish man say to the doctor after having his son circumsised? Keep the tip.
Why didn't Jesus play during the Isreal-Palestine soccer game? He got suspended.
How do Jewish pedophiles lure in victims? "Would you like to buy a candy?"
What's the name of Jackie Chan's catholic brother? Chris Chan
Who led the Jews across a semi-permeable membrane? Osmoses.
Did Jesus pay for our sins with cash or credit card? Neither, he used praypal.
What's the worst part about being a black Jew? You have to sit in the back of the oven. 
What's the difference between a white Jew and a black Jew? Black Jews have to get in the back of the oven.
People always complain that Jewish people have all the money. Well if 6 million of your people died, you'd expect at least some inheritance 
So a muslim guy walks into a bar.. Orders a drink, quietly enjoys it and then leaves.    What? Were you expecting a more explosive punch line?
What do you call a horny Catholic? A firm believer.
What's the best way to censor Muslim porn? Put Mohammed in it.  (I DON'T SUPPORT TRUMP OR THE FEDERAL GOOSE TAX)
What's the difference between a black person and a Jewish person? How they steal your money
Why can't you play peek-a-boo with Jesus? Because he has holes in his hands
What do you call a Muslim who's always late for everything? 9/12
What's a Muslim's favorite type of plant? C4 plants 
Which Muslim singer has the highest vocal range? Sharia Carey
That's the pope favorite method of payment? PayPal
Jesus fed 5,000 people with two fishes and a loaf of bread.. That's not a miracle. That's tapas.
What a Muslim's favorite insurance company? Islamic State Farm.
Why did Jesus get pulled over for drunk driving? He had a blood alcohol content of 12.00%. It's made of wine, after all.
What does a Jewish man attacking Pearl Harbour say? Torah! Torah! Torah!
Why was the Muslim rubbing the goat? Not because he was into beastiality you Islamophobe...      He was at the petting zoo for his wife's 9th birthday.
A devout Muslim entered a cab in London He curtly asked the cabbie to turn off the radio, because as decreed by his religious teaching, he must not listen to music, because in the time of the prophet there was no music especially western music, which is the music of the infidel.  The cab driver politely switched off the radio, stopped the cab, and opened the door. The Arab asked him, "What are you doing?" The cabbie answered,  "In the time of the prophet, there were no taxis, so get off and wait for a camel!"  
Dear Muslim refugees: just pretend to be Christian. That's what most Christians do anyways. 
An old Jewish man is dying at home in bed. His entire family is gathered around him.  Sarah, the man calls for his wife...  Im here dear.  And the kids?  We are all here too dad.  And the grandchildren?  We are all here.  Well, if you are all here then why is the light in the kitchen turned on?
What's this I hear about a new Muslim band?? Is this something kind of explosive death metal!
How many Jews can you fit into a car? Two up front, two in the back, and six million in the ash tray.
It’s ridiculous that the pope has to go around surrounded by armed guards these days. I know he’s a priest but he’s not going to do anything out in public.
Two jews walk into a bank The bartender says "Shit, I'm in the wrong joke"
What did the Jewish American princess make for dinner? A reservation.
A muslim walks into US Just kidding
How do you get a Jew to shower? Offer him a free train ticket
Why are Jews and Asians so smart? They went to concentration camp.
A catholic priest was found guilty of raping a little girl. The judge asked him if he had any last words The priest replied, "Sorry, I thought it was a boy."
Whats the difference between a jew and a canoe? A canoe tips
Dinner for the Pope A priest is searching the fish market so his parish can make the best dinner tonight for their special guest, the Pope.  He comes across a fish monger who has a large and glorious looking fish for sale. He asks the fish monger "My child, is this a high quality fish? I would like to buy it for dinner".  The fish monger says "Of course! It's the best sonuvabitch I ever caught!"  He hesitates and back tracks after seeing the priest's reaction to profanity and quickly lies.  "No offense meant, Father.  That's just the type of fish it is.  It's a Sonuvabitch." The priest falls for the lie and buys the fish.  He takes it back to the parish and tells the alter boy to "Clean and prepare the Sonuvabitch, then give him to the nun to cook for the Pope."  The alter boy is shocked that the priest would swear, so the priest explains it was the type of fish and the alter boy understands and goes on his way.  After the fish is cleaned and prepared, the alter boy takes the fish to the Nun and says "The Father asks for you to cook this Sonuvabitch tonight for the Pope." The nun smacks him with a ruler and tells him to do a Hail Mary, but then the alter boy explains that he was told that's what the fish was called.  The nun apologizes for the smack and takes the fish to cook it into the best meal she's ever made.  So the Pope arrives around 6pm and dinner is at 7.  The priest, alter boy, and nun are extremely excited to meet the Pope and tell them how they made the meal he seems to really be enjoying.  At the end of the dinner, they approach him.  The Pope says "I adored the meal, the fish was an utter delight.  Thank you for all of your efforts."  The priest "You're welcome, your Holiness.  I bought the Sonuvabitch."  The alter boy say "You're welcome, your Holiness. I prepared the Sonuvabitch."  The nun says "You're welcome, your Holiness. I cooked the Sonuvabitch."  All the onlookers from the parish look at the trio shocked and wait for the Pope to react.  He considers them for a moment with an intrigued look on his face, and says "You motherfuckers are alright."
What do Winnie the Pooh John the Baptist have in common? The same middle name 
The was an old Jew, who made best tea in Israel And everyone wanted to know what was his secret. When he was on his death bed, a lot of people from his hometown gathered around him and begged him to tell them the secret of his tea. And with the last breath he whispers: "Jews, if you want to make great tea, don't be cheap on the tea leaves"
As they were about to stone the woman who was caught in adultery Jesus said: "Whoever is without sin among you, let him be the first to cast a stone at her"... "Well I guess that would be me", he said as he fucked a stone at her.
A Christian, a Muslim, and a Hindu are stuck on a boat..... In the middle of a storm. There boat is about to drown when all of them decide to pray to their gods to save them. The Christian says Oh Jesus please save me, I have been your faitful servant for years. A white light shines from the sky and Jesus come down and take him to safety. The Muslim says Oh Allah please save me, i have been a faitful Muslim for years.  Another white lights comes from the sky and Allah comes to save the Muslim.    The Hindu is the last one left and there is not enought time so he starts saying Oh Vishnu please save me, Oh Krishna please save me, Oh Shiva please save me, Oh Ganesha please save me and as soon as he says another name the boat sinks and the Hindu dies. When the Hindu reaches heaven Jesus, Allah and Vishnu are sitting there. The Hindu gets so mad at Vishu and asks him why he didn't save him even though he has been so faithful to his religion?? The Vishnu gets up in anger and says you asshole when you said oh Vishnu please save me I was ready to come however you kept on changing the names and by the time I was done changing the costumes you were dead.    Edit: Sorry for bad English I have translated this from Hindi.
How do you call a jewish dog? A schohawa
How do you deep throat a Muslim girl? You Ramadan her throat. 
A jewish man's wife dies So he decides to place an obituary in the newspaper, and phones their agent.  "Just put 'Sarah died' in the paper."  "But Sir, for the same money of only one line, you can add another four words!"  "Oh. Let me think about that.."  He phones back a few minutes later and says  "Put in the paper: 'Sarah died. Toyota Corolla for sale' .."
How can you tell if a pedophile is Jewish? "Hey little kid!  Want to buy some candy?"
I don't like black and white jewelry. I feel like it's panda ring.
An Arab and a Jew oil Sheikh that was in a coma and needed a blood transfusion to survive. Being O- it was hard for him to get a donor with the same rare blood type. Finally they found an old Jewish farmer that was listed as a blood donor with the same blood type. However he was very reluctant to give his blood to save an Arab guy. Finally after lots of discussions and pestering by doctors he agreed to donate only enough blood to help make sure the Arab guy was stabilized. After the blood transfusion and when the Arab guy is healthier, he sends the Jewish farmer a brand new John Deere tractor and a Cartier watch and $100000 as a token of appreciation. After a year, the Arab is requires another transfusion. The old Jewish farmer is contacted and this time is willing to give more blood. After the transfusion the Arab send the Jewish guy a box of chocolates and a bouquet of flowers. When the Jewish guy gets this he is furious as he is expecting much more since he gave more of his rare blood type. He contacts the Arab sheikh and asks him why he only gave him such a paltry gift? The Arab says, ya Akhie (brother) I have Jewish blood in me now….
What's the difference between Catholics and Baptists? Catholics wave at each other in the liquor store.
Just had a Jehovah's Witness come to the door and ask if I had found Jesus yet. I said no, isn't he under the Jehovah's Witness Protection Program?
Why do drug dealers love muslim people? Because they always get stoned
I can't fuflill my dream of having an Amish wife... I have searched for Mennonites.
Jesus can walk over water Jesus can walk over water. I can walk over a cucumber. A cucumber exists of 90% water. This means I'm 90% Jesus. 
[Dark] What is a Muslims favourite phone? Galaxy Note 7 (Exploding Variant)   Just kidding it's an iPhone, you racist fuck.   This joke has probably already been said before, so please up-vote.
As a Jew, am I allowed to eat McDonalds today? Yes, I know it's Yom Kippur. But McDonalds is fast food.
Jesus walks up to a Jew on the streets and says “Put faith in me brother, because I am the messiah, God in the flesh.” The Jew says “I was pretty sure these shekels here are God in the flesh because they make fish and bread magically appear in my hands far more often then you do Jesus. I’ll let you know when that changes though.”
A jew, christian, and muslim all walk into a bar... the muslim explodes 
Who's jesus favourite singer Michael bible
Where is the biggest jews concentration? In the air.
What is the only alcoholic beverage Muslim extremists are permitted to drink? Smirnoff ISIS
What is the difference between a Muslim baby and a Christian baby? Their parents.
How many Jews can you fit in a sedan? 2 in the front,  2 at the back,  and 6 million in the ash tray.
I find it rather odd that people say Jesus used to be a carpenter. I've got all of their records, and I can't recall him singing on any of them. 
Did you know Jesus is a drinker? He was so hammered one time, he woke up 3 days later inside a cave
What did Jesus say at the last supper? "Everyone get on this side of the table if you want to be in the picture!" 
Where does the jew with ADHD go? concentration camp   
Two Jewish Men are out for a stroll... 2 Jewish men - Abraham and Jacob - are out for a walk and notice a Catholic church with a sign "We pay $100 when you convert to Catholicism!"      Abraham says: "I'm going to see what being Catholic is all about". He goes inside the church for 20 minutes, and when he returns, Jacob is waiting for him.      "Have you converted?" asks Jacob      "Yes, I am now Catholic" says Abraham      "And did they pay you the $100?"       Abraham replies "What is it with you people and your money?"
What's the difference between white women and Muslim women? White women get stoned *before* sex.
Jesus was a hippie He had sandals, long hair and he died hugging a tree
How did Jesus stay in shape? Crossfit
Happy Ramadan to all my Muslim brothers and sisters! This month, lunch is on me.
What's the best way to pick up a Jewish girl? With a broom and a dustpan.
We get it. You're Muslim. You don't have to Ramadan our throats.
Three Amish ladies are in a field picking potatoes Their husbands names are Jake, Jacob and Jakey. They would always get confused. So one day they decided to nickname them. Mabel said "lets name them after soda pop", the other two said "what do you mean?". Mabel said she would go first and said " I'll call my Jacob 7-Up because he has 7 inches and its always up". Oh the other two loved this idea. So Ella went next and said "I'll call my Jake Mountain Dew because he takes me to the mountain and he sure can do me." And they laughed. The last lady, Margaret, thinks a minute and said "I'll call my husband Jack Daniels." Mabel responded "That's not a soda pop, that's a liquor."    "That's my Jakey!!!!" exclaimed Margaret.
What are Jewish vampires with gluten allergies most afraid of? Garlic Nazis
the best response for if someone asks if Jesus has been let into your heart I like to respond no but I continuously let him in my butt hole
A Jewish military man from Israel told me this joke. Deep in the desert. Mehmet, an Arab fighter (or militant, if you will) chases an Israeli soldier, let's call him Moshe, with an AK47 gun.  Mehmet closes on Moshe and starts firing at him but misses. The chase continues through the desert, there's quite a lot of firing from Mehmet and quite a lot of bullet dodging from Moshe.   At one point Mehmet's gun refuses to fire - Mehmet's out of ammunition.  Moshe hears the clicking of the empty gun, turns triumphantly to Mehmet and says: "Out of bullets, huh? Wanna buy some?"
Jesus is setting up for supper and he calls Judas over to help. "Judas, please set the table. " Judas complies and sets the table. "Judas, put the food on the table." Judas places the food on the table.  "Judas, please call everyone to the table. " Again, he does as he is told and gathers everyone.   As they are enjoying the feast Jesus planned and had Judas serve, Jesus gets really serious and says," This will be my last supper with you." He pauses and continues, " One of you will betray me."  At which point Judas throws his hands up in a huff," Why do I have to do everything around here?!" 
What do you call a Jewish man with heartburn? An acidic Jew.
A Mexican, a Jew, and a colored guy walk into a bar... The bartender says "Get the fuck out of here!" 
What do you call a nun being thrown off a cliff? A nun-chuck
How do you say hi to a Muslim in Hawaii? Aloha Akbar.
People say to me Jesus was not Jewish ## I say ofcourse he was Jewish  + 30 years old, Single, Living at home with his parents + Working in his father's business + His mother thought he was God's gift  ## He's Jewish. Give it up  **** _by Robin Williams_  Happy Birthday Robin!
With the concerns over water quality at the upcoming Rio Olympic games, I think we should ask, what would Jesus do? Walk on water, he ain't swimming in that filth.
What do you call a family of Jewish robots? The Cybergs
How long does it take for a Jew to get 100 meters far? It depends on the wind strength.
Why couldn't Jesus eat M&amp;M's? because of the holes in his hands 
What's a Jewish person's least favourite subreddit? r/showerthoughts
how many jews can you fit in a car? 2 in the back, 2 in the front, ad six million in the ashtray.
How many Jews can you fit in a casket? Nein. 
Amish Sex Lesson An Amish woman and her daughter were riding in an old buggy one cold blistery day. The daughter said to her mother,'My hands are freezing cold.'   The mother replied, 'Put them between your legs and your body heat will warm them up.' The daughter did, and her hands warmed up.   The next day the daughter was riding with her boyfriend who said, 'My  hands are freezing cold.'   The girl replied, 'Put them between my legs and the warmth of my body will warm them up.'  He did and warmed his hands.   The following day the boyfriend was again in the buggy with the daughter. He said, 'My nose is cold.'   The girl replied, 'Put it between my legs, the warmth of my body will warm it up.' He did and warmed his nose.   The day after, the boyfriend was again driving with the daughter and he said, 'My penis is frozen solid.' The girl replied, 'Put it between my legs, the warmth of my body will warm it up.' Well, the next day, the daughter was driving in the buggy with her mother again, and she asks, 'Have you ever heard of a penis?'   Concerned the mother said, 'Why, yes..... Why do you ask?'   The daughter replies, 'They sure make one hell of a mess when they defrost, don't they!!!'
Why was the Amish girl excommunicated? Too Mennonite.
My brother developed his own version of Tinder for his Catholic high school He called it 'Burning Bush'
What's the difference between Boy Scouts and Jews? The boy scouts returned from the camp. 
Jesus walks on water... Chuck Norris walks on Jesus. 
What's the difference between a Catholic Priest and acne? Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he turns 12.
Why do Jews have big noses? Because oxygen is free.
Jesus came to me the other night Please let me out.
A Jewish Boy and His Mother A Jewish boy and his mother get on a bus in Israel. As they're riding to their destination the boy keeps looking out the window and pointing to things and asking his mother questions in Hebrew. She answers him each time in Yiddish.   After several of these questions that are each time asked in Hebrew first and then answered in Yiddish, another old woman on the bus asks the mother, "Why do you keep answering your child in Yiddish instead of Hebrew?"   The mother replies, "So he remembers that he's Jewish." 
What do you call a drunk muslim woman? Stoned.
On his death bed, an old Jew says to his wife: Oh, Sarah, when the shop burned down you were right beside me, no? - Sure I was, Moshe.  When the Nazis drove us out of our beloved Deutschland you were beside me again, no? - I was, Moshe.  And now you're at my death bed, aren't you? - I am, darling.  I'm starting to think you're bad luck, Sarah.
What did the Jewish pedophile say? "Hey kid, wanna buy some candy?"
As a carpenter Christ made very beautiful furniture, but the Anti Christ just kept eating it all.
So i used to work with a Muslim This Muslim I was working with on a tower scaffolding lost his footing and slipped. I managed to grab his hand as he was dangling 150 feet in the air.  "Please, please," he begged, "don't let me drop!"  "Will you eat my bacon sandwich if I pull you up?" I asked,  "Yes! Yes! Of course I will!" he said.  So I let him go. I'm not having anyone steal my breakfast
Jesus was a good chef He invented the lamb sauce!
What does a dying Muslim say? Most probably: "I have a heart attack!"  Because most people die because of a heart attack.
Muslim converting to Christianity [Translated] A muslim decided to convert to Christianity. He went to the Vatican to get baptised. There was two men before him, the Pope took the first and dipped his head in the holy water basin and took it out. The Pope asked the man: Did you see Christ?? The man replied Yes. The Pope said: Congratulations, you are now a Christian. And did the same with the other guy.  Then the Pope dipped the Muslim’s head in the holy water and took it out and asked him: Did you see Christ? the muslim said no. So he dipped his head again for a bit longer and then brought him up again and asked him, Did you see Christ? His answer was No. Then he dipped his head for the third time for as long as possible, then took him out breathless then asked him if he saw Christ. The muslim replied: Are you sure he drowned in here????
This 47 virgins thing that a Muslim martyr gets... Would you call that a nubile prize?
I'm Italian and I'm Jewish My friends call me *Pizza-Bagel*.
“Excuse me Jesus, you’re in the way.” Jesus: “Excuse me. I am the way.”
A Muslim hailed a London cab. He asked the cab driver to turn off the radio because as decreed by his religious teaching he must not listen to music because in the time of the prophet there was no Western style music or radios. The cab driver turned off the radio, stopped the cab and opened the door. The Muslim asked him "What are you doing?"  The cabbie answered, "in the time of the prophet there were no taxis either, so piss off and wait for a camel."
Two Jewish fathers are having a conversation. One mentioned to the other, "It's been a trying time for me. I sent my son to Jerusalem to study for two years in the hopes he would return as a better Jew, but instead he converted to Christianity."  The other father replied, "That's odd. I also sent my son to Jerusalem to study, and he also returned as a Christian."  Seeing this as a remarkable coincidence, they sought the advice of their Rabbi and told them their stories. The Rabbi said, "That's odd. I, too, sent my son to Jerusalem to study, and he is now a Christian. Clearly something is up over there. We should go there on the next available flight."  The three men journeyed to Jerusalem and found their way to the Western Wall so they could pray. The Rabbi looked up and said, "Lord, we seek your guidance, for we are all at a complete loss. We sent each of our sons here in the hopes they would become better Jews, but they have all become Christians. What do we do?"  A moment passed in eery silence when suddenly a booming voice from the sky said, "That's odd..."
What was Jesus's disciples favorite subreddit? r/ELI5
What did the Amish Lady say to the prostitute? How many Mennonite?
Why do Jews like bagels so much? They finally get to toast something of their own.
Did you know that 95% of Jews aren't Jews? They're dead
Whats the difference between a dollar and a jew? I would care if I lost 6 million dollars
What did the people who hung Jesus to the cross say? Nailed it
Did Jesus die a virgin? Oh absolutely not, he was nailed before he died.
Thousands of Catholic preachers can't be wrong. It must feel really good. What? Being close to God.
How does a Jewish person make beer? Hebrew
A Jew and a Chinese man are sitting at a bar A Jew and a Chinese man are sitting at a bar. As the Chinese man strikes up a conversation with the Jew, he notices that he is being met with an angry gaze. Mid sentence, the Jew pours his beer over the Chinese man’s head.  “What the hell was that for?”  said the Chinese man “That was for Pearl Harbour!” Replied the Jew “I’m Chinese!” “Eh Chinese- Japanese it’s all the same to me” said the Jew with a smirk  The Chinese man begins to collect his things and decides to leave, after ordering one more beer, he closed his tab, got his coat and immediately poured his beer over the Jewish man’s head  “What the hell was that for?” Said the Jew “That was for the Titanic” replies the Chinese man “What do you mean?”  “Iceberg- Goldberg, it’s all the same to me”
How do Jewish people defend themself Jewdo
My Jewish neighbor has been moving huge bags of yeast and empty kegs with weird symbols into his garage. Turns out Hebrews
An Amish boy and his father went to a mall... They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again.  The boy asked, "What is this, Father?"  The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, "Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is."  While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a rather heavy, not too attractive, older lady walked up to the moving walls and pressed a button.  The walls opened and the lady walked between them into a small room.  The walls closed and the boy and his father watched the small circular numbers above the walls light up sequentially.  They continued to watch until it reached the last number and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order.  Finally the walls opened up again and a beautiful, young woman stepped out.  The father, said quietly to his son, "Go get your Mother".
Maria, a devout Catholic Maria, a devout Catholic, got married and had 15 children.       After her first husband died, she remarried and had 15 more children.                                  A few weeks after her second husband died, Maria also passed away.                     At Maria's funeral, the priest looked skyward and said, "At last, they're finally together."                      Her sister sitting in the front row said, "Excuse me, Father, but do you mean she and her first husband, or she and her second husband?"                             The priest replied, "I mean her legs." 
Muslim jokes are just so ...shiite
A kaddish is a hymn of praises to God found in a Jewish prayer service. What is its Muslim equivalent? A kaboom!
What's the difference between American Women and Muslim Women? The American Women gets stoned before she has sex
What's the Pope iTunes play-list name? Pray-list.
What do you call a nice Jewish Lyft driver? an Uber Mensch.
I'm not saying Jews are cheap... but a free shower, what a bargain!
Why does Jesus eat at Benihana? Because he loves miso!
How do you fit 20 Jews in a car? Two in the front, three in the back and 15 in the ashtray.
Jesus and his disciples walk into a restaurant. Jesus: A table for 26, please.  Headwaiter:  But there's only . . . um, 13 of you.  Jesus: Yeah, we're all going to sit on the same side.
A 13 year old boy has difficulty with mathematics, failing in public school. His parents were not religious but after a friend's suggestion they felt a private Catholic school may be more effective. His grades began to rise dramatically after this switch. Asked what has helped him so much, he responded  "When I saw the guy nailed to the plus sign I knew they meant business!"
A reality TV mogul, a woman, and a Jew are running for president... And that's just the front runners!
5 Jewish ladies sitting at the table in the restaurant... ...waiter comes by few minutes after the food was delivered to the table and asks: -Ladies, is ANYTHING ok?
What's a Jew's favorite classic rock song? Money - Pink Floyd
What's the difference between Catholics and Protestants? Protestants have sects.
What´s a Muslim´s favorite cologne? GERMANY!!!!
What did the muslim telemarketer say when he picked up the phone? Halal?
Geez guys Not all Muslims are ISIS... Some are Al-Qaaeda or Taliban. 
What's the difference between a jew and a bullet? The bullet makes it out of the chamber
Jesus, Moses, an an old man are playing golf... And the first hole is on the other side of a pond. Moses is the first to go. He sets his ball on the tee, then gives hit a hard whack. It soars right into the pond before the hole. So, he walks up, parts the waters, and hits the ball right into the hole.   Next up is Jesus. He sets his ball, swings, and it plops right onto a lily pad. So, he walks on the water over to it, and hits it in the hole on his next swing.   Now it's the old man's turn. He sets his ball, and hands trembling, swings and hits the ball right into a frog's mouth that was sitting on the edge of the pond. As the frog hops into the water, it's picked up by a hawk. The hawk sails over the pond and the frog drops the ball straight into the hole.   Moses scoffs, and Jesus rolls his eyes. He calls back to the old man, "nice shot dad."
My buddy asked how the Muslim girl I'm dating is. Shiite.
What do you call a flying Jew? Smoke.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
How do you call a jewish dog? A shoahwa
A Jewish kid asks his father if he can borrow $30... The father says, "$30! Do you have any idea how much money $20 is? Where am I going to get $10?
I have a Muslim friend with a Note 7... It only gets awkward when he shouts "Allahu Akbar" when plugging it in.
Why are all Jewish men circumcised ? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't 10% off.
Jesus forgot his safeword. This is the optional text.
For those people who call themselves Jesus on reddit I need someone to cut my lawn.
A guy got run over by the PopeMobile yesterday. I guess he didn't see the sign that said "Cross traffic does not stop."
Thought this up at work, prolly not funny, whatcha call it when a jew with Jiu-Jitsu skills fights you? Jewhitsyou.
Why will you never catch a Jew speeding? Because they're afraid off the gas.
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash
Most of the jokes posted here are like gay muslims Beaten to death.
I am very skeptical about the Bible being true I can kind of wrap my head around the virgin birth, but finding three wise men?
I met a muslim today It was truly a mind blowing experience
Maria, a devout Catholic, got married and had 15 children. Maria, a devout Catholic, got married and had 15 children. After her first husband died, she remarried and had 15 more children. A few weeks after her second husband died, Maria also passed away. At Maria's funeral, the priest looked skyward and said, "At last, they're finally together." Her sister sitting in the front row said, "Excuse me, Father, but do you mean she and her first husband, or she and her second husband?" The priest replied, "I mean her legs." -  
Today I learned Muslims are not allowed to eat honey from a specific breed of bee, as it goes against the teachings of the Koran. The forbidden honey comes from a breed of bee that Muslims simply refer to as "The Haram Bee".
Jesus drove a Honda, but nobody knew about it. For I did not speak of my own accord. - John 12:49
What's the difference between a jeweler and a jailer? A jeweler sells watches and a jailer watches cells.   Edit: No idea why this is a religion joke...
Did you know Jesus had a Ford That's why he walked everywhere 
What do you call a Jewish Pokémon trainer? Ash
Firestien just came out with a new Jewish tire. It not only stops on a dime, it picks it up too.
How do you get a Jewish girl's number? Just check her arm
What do muslims say on christmas? Allahohoho ackbar
Jesus fucking Christ! That's masturbation.
Why do Jews have big noses? Because the air is free. 
What Did The Muslim Terminator Say? Allah Be Back. 
What did the jewish pedophile say to the child? "Wanna buy some candy?"
Jesus walks into a bar and says "I'll just have water"
How did German men pick up Jewish women in the 1940s? With a dustpan and broom.
Protestant humor: Wherever you find four Catholics, you'll find a fifth. Of Whiskey for those who may not get it.
What did the old teacher call the know it all Jew? Smart-ash
(Repost because I screwed up) You know how Muslims can't eat pork? I mean if I couldn't eat bacon, I would want to fly a plane into a building.  (Yeah this joke bombed)
what do you call a funny Muslim? Muhahahammed
A priest, a jew, and an atheist all walk into a bar... ...You'd think one of them would've seen it!
Amish boy and his father were in a mall... A fifteen year old Amish boy and his father were in a mall. They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again. The boy asked, 'What is this Father?' The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, 'Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is.' While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a fat old lady in a wheel chair moved up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened, and the lady rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the boy and his father watched the small numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until it reached the last number… and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order. Finally the walls opened up again and a gorgeous 24-year-old blond stepped out. The father, not taking his eyes off the young woman, said quietly to his son . . . 'Go get your Mother'
[OFFENSIVE] [OLD] It is a scientific fact - jews are getting dumber every year Ever since the end of World War II, jews have been scoring smaller and smaller grades on their high-school tests. That probably has something to do with their loss of concentration... 
Q: what do you call an orange Jew? A: Ivanka trump
What is the difference between catholic priest and acne? An acne doesn't come on boy's face until he's 13.
What's the difference between Jews and Boy Scouts? Boy Scouts come back from their camps. 
What is a Catholic priest's dream second job? Warden at juvenile detention center.
How do you pick up a Muslim girl? Piece by piece
A Jewish boy asks his dad for $50 His dad then asks, "$30? What do you need $20 for?!?"
What do you call a flying jew? Ash
I knew a Muslim kid in High School who was always late for class We called him 9/12.
Go to church if you want Jesus in your heart Go to prison if you want Jesus in your ass.
How do we know Jesus was an English university student? He traveled alot He had a group of mates he traveled with And it took him 3 days to get out of bed after massive party with a lads. 
How do you get a Jewish girls number? Roll up her sleeve...
A Catholic, a Baptist and a Mormon are bragging about the size of their families... "I have four boys, and my wife is expecting another," says the Catholic. "One more son, and I'll have a basketball team." "That's nothing," says the Baptist. "I have 10 boys now, and my wife is pregnant with another child. One more son, and I'll have a football team." "That's nothing," says the Mormon. "I have 17 wives. One more wife, and I'll have a golf course."
I just saw the pope in the restroom Holy shit
An old Jew is walking along the train platform He approaches a guy and asks him:  "What do you think about Jews?"  The guy says:  "Oh, they are the most wonderful people!"  "Thank you, - says the Jews and walks to another guy, - Excuse me, what do you think about Jews?"  "Nothing special, - says the second guy, - just people like anybody else".  "Thanks, - says the Jew and walks to a third guy, - Sorry, sir, what do you think about Jews?"  "They are filthy scumbags! I hate them all! - answers the third guy.  "Finally, found an honest person. Could you, please, keep an eye on my luggage while I go to a restroom?"
A Comprehensive Guide on How to be Like Jesus 1.  Be a carpenter.  2.  Be a nice guy.  3.  ???  4.  Prophet.
Jesus walks into a bar The barman looks up and asks "We don't serve wine here" Jesus looks at him quizzically and goes to look for a Spanish translator because he had just immigrated from Mexico and English was not his first language.
What do rioting jewish people throw? Mazel tov cocktails
What do you call the cool, terroristy Muslims? Radical Islam
Why is Jesus' body bread? Because given enough time it rises
As a man of Jewish descent As a man of Jewish descent I don't like jokes about us Jews.  I think they often cement prejudices and misinterpretations of the Jewish people and culture.  But every now and then even I enjoy a good laugh and feel that I shouldn't be so serious about everything.   So I have a very good joke about the holocaust here if anyone wants to buy it?
Why did the Muslim kill his daughter? Because he found out about her harambae
It's the year 1942 and we asked all Jews to rate their trip to Ausschwitz. They all gave 1 Star.
What is Jesus's favourite animal? A unicorn.
How did Hitler pick up Jewish girls? With a dustpan...
The Muslim Who Dated An Ape Did you hear about the Muslim who was caught screwing an ape? He was stoned to death along with his haram bae.
Why did Jesus stop playing hockey? Because he kept getting nailed to the boards.
After witnessing the second coming of Jesus. My life has changed. I have decided not to watch Mexican Porn again.
What does a jewish prostitute gotta do when she gets to someone's house? She gaza strip!
Why was Ben Stein the only Jew that had prior knowledge of 9/11? Because he had clear eyes.
What do you call a Black, Jewish man on the moon? An astronaut you fucking racist
What do you call a Muslim trainer's Pokémon? Voltorb
Whats the difference between a jew and Hybrid Car The Hybrid Car takes less gas
What do you call a meme muslims are not allowed to see. *Haram*be
what do you call a Muslim with no legs? a paraplegic
What's the difference between acne and a Catholic priest? Acne usually comes on a boy's face after he turns 12.
What is the Pope's favorite breakfast? Eggs Benediction.
Jew mad? I did Nazi that coming!
Son: Dad, how could it be that Jews, Asians, Africans, and all the other races and ethnicities descended from the people on Noah's Ark? Dad: Either it was an unexplained miracle or the ark carried illegal migrants.
How do we know that god is jewish? Well, when his son became a christian he issued a new testament. 
A Jewish man with an erection walks into a wall "Ouch!" He says, "My nose!"
Why are there only 2 pallbearers at a Westboro Baptist's Funeral? There's only two handles on a garbage can.
What did the Roman soldier say when Jesus whispered his dying words on the cross? Come again?
A Jewish guy and an Irish guy are walking down the street when a beautiful woman walks by them... The Irish guy says "man, I'd love to screw her." The Jewish guy says "screw her out of what?"
Where do ultra conservative Muslims go to buy trinkets, crafts, and home goods? Wahhabi Lobby
I am a muslim and i beat my wife daily In Rocket League. She is a terrible player. 
I found a wallet today and thought to myself, "Self, what would Jesus do?" So I turned it into wine.
A Jew , a rabbi , and Israeli walk into a bar.... They're the  same  person.
What does the pope do every morning He takes a holy shit.
Jesus walks into a bar and orders a glass of water. The bartender says, "Not this shit again." 
A Muslim goes to Heaven and meets Saint Peter at the Gate. He looks at Peter and says "This has to be a mistake. I demand to see prophet Mohamed right now!"   Saint Peter says "Calm down. Would you like a coffee or a cappuccino or something to drink?"   The Muslim says "No, thanks. But I don't think I'm supposed to be here."   Peter responds "Alright, I'll let you sort this out with the manager here. You can enter until then."  The Muslim enters Heaven which is beautiful. He sees Jesus across the room and goes to talk to him. He says "Hello, sir, are you the manager here?"   Jesus responds "Yes."   The Muslim says "Saint Peter sent me to talk to you, but I need to speak to prophet Mohamed."   Jesus says "Sure, we can talk, but would you like a cappuccino?"   The Muslim says "No, I just don't think this is the right Heaven for me."   Jesus says "You know what, I'll let you address God himself about this."  God appears before the Muslims and asks him "What's wrong, sir?"   The Muslims says "I don't think I ended up where I should, and I'd like to talk to prophet Mohamed."   God, redundantly asks him "Do you want a coffee or a cappuccino?"   The Muslims answers "Fine, I'll have your freaking cappuccino if we can talk!"   God looks across the room and says "Yo, Mohamed, bring us two cappuccinos!"
What do Spanish Muslims call their God? Ollah!
A Jewish man trying to win the lottery. A Jewish man in Israel goes to the Western Wall every day for 25 years and puts a note saying "Please let me win the lottery". One day he goes, God is looking down at him post the note. "God, he's been coming here for 25 years posting the same note and hasn't missed a day. Why not let him win the lottery?" says God's assistant. God says "I will, once he actually starts playing".
A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while. Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian. The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend.  The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the two of them went to see the Rabbi.  They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."  So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray. They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians."  There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . " 
Why did some of the Jews survive the Holocaust? They where zycloned-bfore they died.
"Jesus loves you." A nice thing to hear in church. And a horrific thing to hear in a Mexican prison. 
All the paintings of Jesus are wrong. He never had a beard. Because Jesus shaves. 
Jesus sits at his last supper *breaks bread* This is my body  *pours wine* This is my blood  *open jar of mayo*  Judas: I'm gonna have to stop you right there 
Two Jews and an elephant Two Jewish friends bumped into each other in their Brooklyn neighborhood.          "Just the man I wanted to see!" said one.  "Have I got a deal for you!"          "What is it?" said the second.          "Get a load of this: for ten thousand dollars, I can get you a full-grown African elephant!"          "A what!?  An elephant!?  Don't waste my time with your jokes!"          "No joke!  I've got connections, and I can have it delivered right to you."          "That's ridiculous!  What does anyone need with an elephant? Goodbye!"          "So as not to be a hardship for you, for you I'll knock off fifteen hundred.  What do you say?"          "What do I say?  What do I say?!  I say you're *meshuginah!*  I don't need an elephant; what do I care how much it costs?  Now if you'll excuse me--"          "I can see you need some time to think about this, but you'd better not delay too long.  I can keep an elephant in inventory only so long, you know.  So how about seven thousand?  And immediate delivery."          "Are you deaf today or something?  Elephants eat trees--do you see any trees here?   No!  Elephants need lots of space--do you see any space here?  No!  Now listen to me  once more before I call the men with the butterfly nets: **I do not want an elephant!**          "Okay, okay, watch your blood pressure.  Here's my final offer:  Five thousand seven hundred fifty dollars, and I'll make it **two** elephants!"          "**Now** you're talking!"
What's the difference between a pizza and a jew? A pizza comes out of the oven.
Why did Jesus cross the road? Somebody nailed him to a chicken. 
The Jewish elbow. A Jewish grandmother is giving directions to her grown grandson who is coming to visit with his wife.   "You come to the front door of the apartment. I am in apartment 301. There is a big panel at the front door. With your elbow, push button 301. I will buzz you in. Come inside, the elevator is on the right. Get in, and with your elbow, push 3. When you get out, I'm on the left. With your elbow, hit my doorbell."  "Grandma, that sounds easy, but, why am I hitting all these buttons with my elbow?”  "What...you coming empty handed?"
Why are Catholics so anti-abortion? Because if women stop having kids, who are the priests going to rape?
Who led the Jews across a semi-permeable membrane? OsMoses
Two nuns are bicycling through the streets of Rome on their way to an audience with the Pope.  Suddenly the senior nun in the lead looks back to her junior nun following behind.  "Sister, follow me, I know a short-cut!" as she darts into an alley-way.  "Oh my, I've never come this way before!" exclaimed the younger nun.  Winking back over her shoulder, the nun in the lead replied "It's the cobblestones!"
What do you call a Jewish Pokémon trainer? Ash.
Guys.. Seriously Jew jokes aren't funny. Anne Frankly They're childish and offensive
How did the Muslim find the goat in the field? Very Satisfying.
Muslim Joke Reporter: "Excuse me, may I interview you?" Man: "Yes!" Reporter: "Name?" Man: "Abdul Al-Rhazim." Reporter: "Sex?" Man: "Three to five times a week." Reporter: "No no! I mean male or female?" Man: "Yes, male, female... sometimes camel." Reporter: "Holy cow!" Man: "Yes, cow, sheep... animals in general." Reporter: "But isn't that hostile?" Man: "Yes, horse style, dog style, any style." Reporter: "Oh dear!" Man: "No, no deer. Deer run too fast. Hard to catch."
A Rabbi and a Catholic priest are on a walk... They see a young boy on the monkey bars as they walk by the neighborhood playground. The Catholic priest says, "Rabbi, what do you say we go over there and fuck that kid?" to which the Rabbi replies "Out of what?"  (I am a Jew, for the record)
A Jewish girl asks her father for $50 Father: $40? What do you need $20 for?
What do you call a traveling Pope? A Roamin' Catholic.
Why can't Jesus play hockey? He keeps getting NAILED TO THE BOARDS!...
Jesus on the dating circuit Jesus: *hands woman a wine glass* "May I buy you a drink?"  Woman: *looks at glass then looks at Jesus* "This is just a glass of water."  Jesus: "Look again."
Why wasn't Jesus born in New Zealand? He couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin.
Which Jews make the best fruit punch? Juicy Jews
You can never have Muslim friends They always blow you off 
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? James. Who else has a Meowth and still wants someone else's Pokemon?
3 Jews Walk Into a restaurant 3 jews walk into a restaurant they order some food and some drinks and they're all having fun and its all good.  but then when the bill arrives all the jews started to argue with each other who is going to pay the bill  the waiter lost patience so he came up with the idea that all 3 of the jews will put their head in a water bucket and the first one to get up to breathe will pay the bill.  in short: they all died
The jews rated their trips to Auschwitz... they all gave it one star.
Why did the Jews hate Jesus? Because he gave away salvation for free.
A Jewish midi-chlorian has a child. They are known as the Force-kin.
You can't spell Jewelers without Jew. No wonder they're so rich!
What do chastity belts, and any negative thread on reddit about Black Lives Matter, immigrants or Muslims have in common? They're all locked up tight to protect a bunch of pussies from the real world.
What do you get when you win a theological debate with a muslim? Death threats.
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? With a pan and brush
What did the Neckbeard say to the Muslim girl? M'hammad
CATHOLIC COFFEE BREAK Four Catholic men and a Catholic woman were having coffee.   The first Catholic man tells his friends, "My son is a priest, when he walks into a room, and everyone calls him 'Father'."  The second Catholic man chirps, "My son is a Bishop.  When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Grace'."   The third Catholic gent says, "My son is a Cardinal.  When he enters a room everyone says 'Your Eminence'."   The fourth Catholic man then says, "My son is the Pope.  When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Holiness'."   Since the lone Catholic woman was sipping her coffee in silence, the four men give her a subtle, "Well....?"  She proudly replies, "I have a daughter, slim, tall, 38D breast, 24" waist and 34" hips. When she walks into a room, people say, "Oh My God." 
What did God say to all the Jews, Christians and Muslims of the world? nothing 
Jesus walks in to an employment office The man behind the desk, stunned says "hello Jesus, how can I help you?"  "I'm looking for work, my son" Jesus replies  "Can I ask what skills you have?"  "Well I'm a qualified carpenter"   The employment officer bashes his details in to the computer  "Well I have two carpentry jobs, Jesus, one is in Edinburgh, big job, and it pays about £2000 per month! The other one I have is in Jerusalem, and get this Jesus, it pays £10,000 per month"  Jesus mulls it over and says "I think I'll apply for the job in Edinburgh"   "But Jesus, the job in Jerusalem pays five times as much"  "But yes the last time I worked there I got nailed by tax"
What do you call a flying Jew? Smoke
What is the greatest right given to Muslim women? The right to remain silent. 
The thing about Mexican and Muslim jokes is ... .. once you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamal
You can't spell 'jew' without the word 'ew'.
What did Jesus say after he resurrected on the third day? “You crossed the wrong guy”    I think all the redditors will agree, with this joke, I nailed it    Edit: I am a Christian myself and I dont mean to offend anyone, I just thought it was hilarious. 
A Jew, a Muslim, a Catholic, a Protestant, and an Atheist go into a pub. They all have a nice lunch and leave.
What’s the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus You only need one nail to hang the latter
What did the prophet Mohamed say when his wife asked for a divorce? "Those are pretty big words for a 6 year old!"
What did the Pope say when his blanket rose from his bed? "Holy Sheet!"
Jesus was first betrayed by Judas then he was crucified... I guess jew could say he was double crossed...
What’s the difference between Jesus Christ and a hooker? The expression on their face when they get nailed
What's the difference between a Boy Scout and a Jew? Boy Scouts come back from camp. 
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew? A pizza doesn't get offended by this joke
Why should you always take at least two Baptists with you when you go fishing? Because if you take only one he will drink all your beer.  
What do you call a mad Jewish person? Kosher salty.
How do Jewish turtles greet each other? Shellom. 
Whats the difference between a Pizza and Jew? A pizza doesn't scream in the oven
Whats the difference between scouts and Jews? Scouts come back from their camps
Muslim artists threw some paint bombs at a local building... They blue it up.
What's the favourite beer of a jew? A lager!
In the middle of a sermon, a priest openly denounced the pope After that, the congregation had a mass exodus.
What's the difference between a Jew and a Blind Jew? A Blind Jew can Nazi.
At St. Peter's Catholic Church, they have weekly husband's marriage seminars... At the session last week, the priest asked Giuseppe, who said he was approaching his 50th wedding anniversary, to take a few minutes and share some insight into how he had managed to stay married to the same woman all these years.  Giuseppe replied to the assembled husbands, "Wella, I'va tried to treat her nicea, spenda da money on her, but besta of all is, I tooka her to Italy for the 25th anniversary!"  The priest responded, "Giuseppe, you are an amazing inspiration to all the husbands here! Please tell us what you are planning for your wife for your 50th anniversary?"  Giuseppe proudly replied, "I gonna go pick her up."
I asked a Jewish person what they do in their spare time Apparently Hebrews.
I have a muslim. I have a room full of gays. UGH! Reddit comedic material. 
What did the Jew say when the Nazis started pouring gas into his chamber? Ah-schitz 
Jesus walks into a restaurant... And says to the Maitre'd "Table for 26 please"  Confused, the Maitre'd does a quick head count, and says "But there are only 13 of you."  Jesus replies "Yes, but we are all going to sit on the same side"
Jesus told his desciples: "I tell you the truth, that Y = X^2 + 3X -5." But they didn't understand… …because Jesus was speaking parabolically. 
Why did Jesus quit hockey He kept getting pinned to the boards
Why do some people think Jesus was black? Cause he is our father, and he never came back.
The Muslim Ban  Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all Muslims had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a huge outcry from the Muslim community, so the Pope offered a deal. He'd have a religious debate with the leader of the Muslim community. If the Muslims won, they could stay in Italy; and if the Pope won, they'd have to convert or leave.  The Muslim people met and picked an aged and wise Mufti to represent them in the debate. However, as the Mufti didn't speak Italian, and the Pope didn't speak Arabic, they agreed that it would be a "silent" debate.  On the chosen day the Pope and Mufti sat opposite each other. The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers. The Mufti looked back and raised one finger. Next, the Pope waved his fingers around his head. The Mufti pointed to the ground where he sat. The Pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine. The Mufti pulled out an apple. With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that the Moulana was too clever. The Muslims could stay in Italy.  Later the cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened. The Pope said, "First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity. He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there is still only one God! Then, I waved my finger around my head to show him that God was all around us. He responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us. I pulled out the wine and wafer to show that God absolves us of all our sins. He pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin. He beat me at every move and I could not continue!"  Meanwhile, the Muslim community gathered to ask the Mufti how he'd won. "I haven't a clue," the Mufti said. "First, he told me that we had three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him as they call it 'the finger.' Then he tells me that the whole country would be cleared of Muslims and I told him that we were staying right here!" "And then what?" asked a woman. "Who knows?" said the Mufti. "He took out his lunch so I took out mine."  Edit: First time I heard this joke was around a year ago, but I had never heard the Jewish one until shortly after. So yeah, I'm well aware it's a repost, but, obviously by the votes, not that many people heard it the first time around (or second, third...fifth...twenty-second...etc.) so thank you, but it has already been pointed out.
What's the difference between a Muslim, a Mexican, and a white Southern voter? A Muslim gets permission to come to America but then they take it back. A Mexican doesn't wait for permission to come to America but then they send him back. A white Southern voter acts like he's on a mission to stab America in the back.
What do you call a flying jew? Smoke.
Why don't Jews eat pussy? Because it's near the gas station.
A Hindu, a Jew, and a TV Preacher... A Hindu, Jew, and televangelist are traveling together when it starts getting dark. They see a ranch in the distance and decide to ask the rancher if they can spend the night.   They knock at the door. "Do you mind if we sleep in your barn tonight?"  "Well sure but you don't all have to. I've got 2 cots out back."  "I'll sleep in the barn, I don't mind," says the Jew. He leaves for the barn and the others settle into cots.   A few minutes later there's a knock at the door.   "I'm sorry gentleman but there's a pig in the barn and it's just not kosher, would you mind terribly switching with me?"   "Not at all," says the Hindu as he leaves for the barn. The Jew and the televangelist settle into their cots.   A few minutes later there's a knock at the door.   "I'm terribly sorry my brothers but it seems the rancher also has a cow. I can't lay in the same hay as a cow, they are holy to my people. Would it be possible to switch with you?"   "Fine!" Yells the grumpy televangelist, who is used to sleeping on the finest silk. He charges off to the barn and slams the door.   A few minutes later there's a knock at the door.   "Hey, that guy's an asshole, can we chill in here with you?" asked the cow and the pig. 
A devout Catholic man has just boarded a plane..... And he's really dreading the long flight ahead. All of a sudden, the pope boards and takes a seat right next to him! What an honor!  The man sits there, thinking about how best to conduct himself and what to say, when the pope takes out a golf pencil and starts doing a crossword puzzle. Wow, His Holiness does crossword puzzles? the man thinks. I hope he asks me for help. That'll be my in for a wonderful conversation!  Sure enough, the pope leans over and asks the man "do you know a four-letter word for a woman that ends in U-N-T?" Oh no. The man is speechless. He sits there, terrified but trying his best to put on a pensive face, for about 30 seconds. The pope won't speak to me this whole flight if I say what first came to mind... Then it hits him! "Oh!" he says. "AUNT. The word you're looking for is 'aunt', Your Holiness."  The pope calmly nods. "Ah, of course," he says. "Do you have an eraser?" 
I'm not sure if putting Christmas lights up would offend my Jewish neighbours. So just to be sure, i'll hang a massive swastika in my window too.
Why is Jesus always sad? Because Jesus Christ (Cries)
Jews don't recognise Jesus Protestants don't recognise the Pope  Baptists don't recognise each other at the liquor store
Why did the Muslim man have to build a house for his wives before he could eat KFC? No harem, no fowl.
Why can't Jesus eat Skittles? Because they're always falling through the holes his hands.
Why was Jesus killed? The Romans were very cross with him.
Why do so many Jews enjoy smoking? The ashes reminds them of their parents.
What do you call a flying Jew? Smoke.
It’s a shame the pope has to be surrounded by all that security.  Can't he just learn to keep his hands to himself?
Jesus fed 5,000 Jewish people With bread and fish, and he's adored for it.  I don't get it,  Hitler made 6 million Jewish people toast and he's hated for it
I got scammed by a beautiful Amish girl who took all of my information... ...they always said some of these Tinder profiles are too good to be true
A man kills a jewish woman The witness says jew kill-er 
What is a Jew's least favorite dip? Hamas
A diarrhea outbreak strikes. Buddha, God, Jesus, Muhammad and Lord Krishna all get explosive diarrhea. Holy shit!
Why hasn't there been a black pope? Because black men are afraid of being fathers.
I asked this Jewish girl for her number.. ...so she rolled up her sleeve.
A Muslim terrorist goes to heaven.. .. and of course he meets the angel of heaven over there. "I have killed over 20 people in the last suicide bomb", said he, "where is my 72 virgins promise?"  The angel replied, "Yes of course! Here is the door wherein lies your reward!". The man goes inside and rushes out, white with fright.  "Angel, ANGEL! I think there has been a mistake, what are those naked men doing in there!"  "They're your reward".  "But they said that i will get 72 virgins as my reward!"  The angel said, "Yes we did promise you 72 virgins but we did not specify their gender".
How do you get a Jewish girls number? Roll up her sleeve. 
Why are Muslim countries are banning PokemonGo? Because Allah likes digimon
You heard about the new Jewish designed car? It stops on a dime... &amp; picks it up.
What do you call a Muslim who owns 6 goats? A pimp
An emo kid, a Jew, a Mexican, and a black guy jump off a building, who wins? Society  
Why Don't Jews Like Ions? They prefer their molecules free of charge. 
A boy went up to Jesus and asked him: "Jesus, do you love me?"  Jesus replied: "Yes my child, I love you as I love all of God's children."  The boy asked: "How much do you love me?"  Jesus told him: "My son, I love you this much," and he stretched his arms out as wide as he could, and then he died.
How is being a Jew like eating a burrito? It's really not a problem until they give you gas.
What's the difference between a pothead and a gay Muslim? Potheads get stoned by choice.
Jesus takes his urine sample to the doctor, but the results are baffling.     It was the piss that surpasseth all understanding...
What's a Jewish on a bunch of cebdres? A hard-boiled 
"Jews are the most optimistic people... They cut some off before they even know how long it is!"
What is Jesus's favourite way to exercise? Cross fit!
My wife and Jesus have a lot in common. They both cross fit.
What's the difference between incels and Catholic priests? Only the first group is actually celibate. 
Did you know Dora the Explorer has a muslim cousin? Her name is Doda ...the Exploder
Jews rated their trip to Auschwitz... They all gave it one star. 
What's he difference between Santa Claus and a Jew? Santa goes *down* the chimney.
What is a Muslim womans favorite amendment? The second (right to bare arms) 
Why does Jesus hate M&amp;Ms? They keep falling through his hands.
What happened to Jesus when he tried to play defense on a professional Basketball player? He got crossed. 
If Castro wasn't Muslim... ...he must have been an Infidel.
You know how I know Jesus was white? The communion wafer tastes like a Cracker. 
I used to date a muslim girl... But we broke up because Jihad personal issues
Classic joke for our Muslim friends today There were two white christian men, John and Mike, whose plane crashed into a desert. Luckily they survived unharmed. As they traveled through the hot desert looking for food and water, they gave up and sat down, thinking of what to do.  As the dust in the air settled, they suddenly could view a mosque ahead. They became very hopeful. But then John said ''Muslims are there. They might help us if we say we are Muslim.'' Then Mike said ''No way, I won't say I'm Muslim, I'm gonna be honest''.  So John and Mike went to the Mosque ahead and were greeted by an Arab Muslim, who asked what their names were.  John thought of a Muslim name and said, 'My name is Muhammad'. And Mike said 'My name is Mike'.  The Arab man said 'Hello Mike.' And told these other men to take Mike and give him food and drink.  Then he turned to John and said, 'Salaam Muhammad. Ramadan Mubarak! (Hello Muhammad, Happy Ramadan) 
What's the difference between Jesus and picture of Jesus ? It takes only one nail to hold the picture up
How many Jews died in the holocaust? Not enough.
What's the difference between santa and a jew? The way they go through the chimney.
What do you call flying jews Smoke
Jews rated their trip to Auschwitz. They all gave it one star.
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe? A canoe tips. 
Whats a Jew's favourite sport JewJitsu
I had a muslim only party Last night was a blast
How to get a Jewish girl's number? Roll up her sleeve...
What's the difference between Jesus and your mom? The sounds they make when they're being nailed
What did the Cardinal say when he saw the Pope had forgot to flush? Holy shit!
Knew a Muslim kid in college who was notorious for being late to everything. We called him 9/12.
Islam is a peaceful religion A piece over there, a piece over there, a piece over here
How do jews celebrate Christmas? By installing a parking meter on the roof.
A Catholic Priest finds a job. Dave the Catholic Priest needed a part time job. His salary was still quite low and he needed to save up while on vacation. So he got in contact with Francis, the Bishop, to get help in spreading word around local businesses that Dave was a good, honest chap ready to undertake work.    In no time at all Dave got a break- fast food.     He showed up at 7 am for the first day. Jim, an old friend of Francis the Bishop, was sympathetic to Dave's cause and was happy in giving him a dozen hours a week. He was also aware of Dave's one flaw that Francis warned him about: Dave tended to daydream and become forgetful, aloof or even careless during monotonous tasks. This had led to him losing the Church keys on a few occasions. Leading Choir practice in the driving rain was not a pleasant experience.   So Jim was on the lookout and intended to keep a keen eye on Dave's performance.     "Dave mate. I haven't trained you in food safety yet. So for this week you're responsible for keeping the joint clean before, during, and after the chippy is open for service. Right. Any questions? Good man,"    So Dave was handed reign of all cleaning supplies and tasks. Days 1 and 2 went okay. Dave just about managed to prep the front of shop for the opening, though struggled keeping count of all the bits and bobs in inventory. Day 3 was a struggle. Dave, used to working in leisurely pace found wiping down tables and clearing trash in time quite taxing. More than once he left spray bottles around benches and behind doors. Customers were befuddled and Jim left frustrated at this incompetence.    Jim stopped Dave on the morning of day 4. Trash was found under tables, counters left too greasy after ineffective wiping, and the supplies were whittled away almost to nothing but a sponge after Dave's mismanagement.    "Jim, look I'm really sorry. But I'm getting the hang of this now! Please give me another role if you really don't me cleaning."    So Jim complied. The next day Dave turned up at 6.30 am as per instruction.    "Okay Dave. Fresh start. This job is a bit new and I'm sure you'll learn from it too. You need to collect the frozen supplies at the store. They've been paid for so don't worry. Just collect everything and race back in good time. If you know what I mean."    Dave thought he knew exactly what Jim meant.     "So long as I drive quickly, I can take the rest of the day off!"    Two hours later on what should have been a 15 minute trip, Dave entered the premises with a dejected expression.    Ten minutes later Jim also wore the same expression, albeit with a scowl and high blood pressure to match; Dave had struck a streetlamp, mounted the sidewalk and blown out a tire in the process because he thought Jim wanted him to *race* back. With the company car out of service Jim was strained to keep things operational. Dave was becoming a liability.    To the sheepish priest he said, "Dave. Final chance. I hired you as a favor, not a burden. From tomorrow work in the back with Phil on food. He'll give you something to do."    Dave nodded vigorously, "Thank you so much Jim! I swear to it- I won't be forgetful or careless. You can count on me!"    "Yeah. Good. Just don't burn this place down."    6.30 am, the next day. Dozens of customers filed in and out every few hours, bellies filled, vinegary lips smacked. Jim didn't see much of Dave. Naturally he was quite nervous. No complaints over the phone for mixed up orders, or hair in the mayo, or dismembered digits in the salad. Maybe he should have put Dave there in the first place. The next day came and went. Another suspiciously uneventful day. Almost too quiet. "Don't fret too much", Jim thought to himself later on that Thursday evening. "Phil was happy with Dave's work and didn't mention any hiccups."    A week passed in this way. Jim was in a good mood to say the least. Sales and profit had nearly increased by 500%; customers were actually leaving feedback on their experience for the first time in months; The company car was back from repairs, costs much lower than anticipated; the takeaway was still not destroyed in a fire, and Phil reported no missing items or mishap in the kitchen. Even Dave was in a good mood, starting and leaving his shifts with a smile on his face and lively spring in his step, giving him an almost surreptitious look.      It was nearing the end of Dave's vacation. Jim had just handed the last overtime paycheck to his star employee when he thought to ask something on his mind for a while now, "Dave, top job. You've done wonders to help this takeaway get back on its feet again. Everyone loves the food. Heck, even people from the next town over are calling in to order! So between us two men- how on earth do you cook so well? The battered fish is the talk of the town, so are the chicken wings- oh and the chips! They're so good they make you want to slap your mama! How have you done it!?"    "It's nothing, really Jim!"    "No, no! Please tell! You're one of us. Even if you're leaving, you can pop around to help any time you want at double your current wages. But please. How have you done it?"    "It's simple, Jim," Dave said as he moved to lean forward, closing the gap between his boss. Involuntarily, an excited croak left Jim's throat.    "Oh?" sweat beaded on his forehead.     "Simple, Jim. I'm just a good friar."
What does a Catholic say when asked if God exists? "I wouldn't put it past Him"
Jesus on the cross Jesus Christ is nailed to the cross and the disciples are gathered around, crying.  Jesus calls to Peter,   "Peter, come here!"  Peter goes over to the cross, only to be hit by the roman guards. He stands up and wants to return to the other disciples and Jesus calls to him again.  "Peter, come here!" So, again Peter tries to climb the cross to get to his lord, when the roman soldier draws his sword and says if Peter comes back they will but his arms and legs off. Peter is getting a little pissed and wants to go back to his buddies, but again Jesus summons. The guard can't believe that Peter is trying yet AGAIN to climb to the cross, and chops peters arms and legs off. Peter is now covered in blood and demented from the blow to the head and wants to call it a day. Jesus calls again.   "Peter, please, come to me!"  By now, the guard is tired of chopping limbs, so he lets Peter be. Peter climbs all the way up and after a long time he finally arrives at his Lord's side. Hurting, suffering, bleeding, Peter looks into the lord's eyes and asks, "yes, my Lord. What is it?" Jesus looks off into the distance, "Look Peter, I can see my house from here!"
What do you call a muslim woman cheating on her husband? Haram Bae
Why are there no jews on jupiter Because its a gas planet
How do Muslims like to make their pizzas spicy? They add halalapeño.
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew? One gets a badge for lighting stuff on fire, while the other gets a badge for being lit on fire.
What's a Jewish person's favourite martial arts? Judo
Evolutionists found the first humans were a Jewish male, a Georgian male and a Russian female... Their names were Arron Gutan, Chimpanidze and Gavrila...
When Jesus and his disciples arrived at Bethsaida, people brought to him a blind man and begged Jesus to touch him. He took the blind man by the hand and led him outside the village.   Putting spittle on his eyes he laid his hands on the man and asked,   "Do you see anything?"    Looking up the man replied, "I see people looking like trees and walking."    Then he laid hands on the man's eyes a second time and he saw clearly;   his sight was restored and he could see everything distinctly.   Then he sent him home and said, "Do not even go into the village."    And this is why we have User Acceptance Testing.
Where do Muslims go when hungry? The allahusnackbar 
My Asian friend got his Jewish wife pregnant. I guess "Cha Ching" wasn't an appropriate name suggestion 
I walked in on Jesus Christ microwaving a burrito in my kitchen. At least he wrapped it the Shroud of Turin. 
Catholic Three old Catholic men and one old Catholic woman were sitting a a table one morning. The first old man said, "My son is a priest, when he walks into a room people say Father." The second old man said, "My son is a Bishop, when he walks into a room people say Your Eminence." Third old man says, my son is the Pope, when he walks into a room people say Your Holiness." The old woman says,"My daughter has a 42 inch chest and a 24 inch waist, when she walks into a room people say 'JESUS'."
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza? Pizza's don't scream when you put them in the oven.
What's the name of the jewish spider? Spidermann
What does a Jewish pedophile say to a child? Do you want to buy a candy?
A homeless Jew asks me for money I say "Go back to your bank job and get yourself some money" The Jew says "Please I have kids to feed" I say "A condom is a good investment even though you don't have a coupon" 
Why do jews vomit with their teeth clenched? To keep the larger chunks in
What's the difference between Jews and Harry Potter? Harry Potter escaped the chamber
Why do Jewish fathers have their sons circumcised? They know Jewish women can't resist anything with 10% off.
Why are jews so smart Because of all the time spent in concentration camps
What do you call a flying Jewish person Smoke
What's the difference between a jew and pork ? Cooking time.
A Orthodox Jewish man goes to his Rabbi Man: "Rabbi, what should I do, my son has run off and is hanging around with Shiksen and Goyim."   Rabbi: "So, what do you ask me for? I once had a son, he too ran off to hang around with Shiksen and Goyim."  Man: "And what did you do about it?"  Rabbi: "I prayed to Hashem."  Man: "And did he give you an answer or advice?"  Rabbi: "He said: What you ask me for? I once had a son...."
Why is Jesus Christ still a jew? Because he doesn't believe in himself 
What did Popeye say to the glory hole? Ah guh guh guh guh
What's the difference between a muslim girl and a californian girl? One gets stoned after sex, the other before sex.
Jesus could walk on water But Stephen Hawking runs on batteries 
Jesus and St. Peter are golfing at Augusta National Golf Club (Golf joke) Jesus is having a great round. He is feeling very confident in himself.  Jesus and St. Peter step up to the tee box on the 17th hole. The 17th hole is a huge dog-leg left with a pond in the middle.  St. Peter says to Jesus, "Ok Jesus, you can't try to go for the green here. You have to take the safe play down the middle, then go for the green from there. If you go for the green you will almost definitely land in the pond. The only person to get to the green from here was Sam Snead, 1951 Masters."  Jesus replies, "Well that was Sam Snead, I'm Jesus Christ, I think I got this."  St. Peter just shrugs at him and steps up to hit his ball. He makes the safe play and hits it down the middle.  Jesus steps up to the tee box, tees up his ball, and starts taking some very strong practice swings. He lines up, aims for the green, and takes a huge cut at it. The ball is hit well, but still lands in the pond. St. Peter kind of smirks and heads toward his ball.  Jesus goes to the pond and starts walking on the water, looking down to find his ball. A man from the clubhouse sees him doing this and runs out to see. In complete shock of seeing him walking on the water, the man shouts "Holy crap, who do you think you are? Jesus Christ???"  St. Peter chimes in and says, "No, Sam Snead, 1951 Masters."
Whats the difference between a Jew and a vending machine? What's the difference between a Jew and a vending machine?  Vending machines give you your change back.
Jews and Women are the same ... They just never can get enough , it's in their DNA.
What do you call a Muslim guy''s mistress? His haram-bae.
Jesus fed 5000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish But Hitler made 6 million Jews toast
A rabbi, A pujari (a Hindu holy man) and a Southern Baptist minister were travelling, when they ran out of gas... so they walked to a farm, and asked if they could spend the night.  The farmer agreed to let them stay, but he only had one room with two beds, so the third person would have to sleep in the barn.  "Oy Vey, I'll sleep in the barn" said the Rabbi, and he went off to sleep.  Not five minutes later, and there was a knock on the door- "I am sorry my brothers, but there's a pig in there, and according to my faith, he's unclean."  "It is ok, I will go sleep in the barn" said the pujari, and he walked out.  Sure enough, a few minutes later he was knocking on the door- "I am sorry, but there is a cow in there, and they are sacred in my faith, I cannot sleep with a sacred cow."  "Well, alrighty then, I guess I'll go sleep in the barn" said the minister, and he left.  A few minutes later, there was a knock on the door, and when they opened it, there stood the pig and the cow.
Jesus and his disciples walk into a bar Bartender: so, what to you want?  Peter: just a glass of water please  Bartender: *slides him a glass of water* oh so you’re driving?  Peter: no, but watch this. Jesus!  Jesus: *turns water into wine right in front of Bartenders eyes*  Bartender: you’re the Son of God! No way!  Jesus: YAHWEH!
What's the difference between jesus and a picture of jesus It only takes one nail to hang a picture of jesus!
What does a Jewish barista do at work? Hebrew.
Two priests are walking down the street when a man approaches them, "I'm Jesus Christ," says the man Priest one: "I don't believe you're our Lord and Savior"  The man turns to the second priest and tells him, "I'm Jesus Christ."  Priest two: "I agree with him, you're not Jesus."  Man: "Well if you walk a couple blocks with me, I can prove that I am Jesus Christ."  The agree to follow him and they arrive at a bar. As soon as they walk in the bartender says "Oh Jesus Christ, not you again!"
Why did Jesus come back from the dead? Because Mary Magdalene was his Horcrux.
What do Jewish pedophiles say? “Hey kid, want to buy some candy?”
What does a Muslim with allergies say? Al-achoo Akbar.
Jews where do you send a jew with ADD......   wait for it...   A concentration camp
Two old Jews, sitting on a park bench ... The one old guys says, "Simon, you just won the lottery!  What are you going to do with all that money?"   Simon replies, "Well, I was thinking of going back to the old country and putting up a big statue in the town square."   "That sounds nice.  A statue of whom?"   "I'm going to put up a big statue of Adolph Hitler."   "WHAT?? Are you meshuggeneh!!?? He killed 6 million Jews!!  Why on Earth would you put up a statue of Hitler???"   "Oh, I owe everything to Hitler!  Look ... [rolls up his sleeve] ... he gave me the winning numbers!"
Happy Birthday Jesus Christ May Allah give what you wish for.
What kind of TV shows do Jews watch? Soap operas
Why is it weird that the Jews killed Jesus? They love prophets
A Catholic woman goes to confession... And in the confessional, she composes herself, then speaks.  &amp;nbsp;  "Forgive me. Father, for I have sinned."  "How have you sinned, my child?" the priest in the other cubicle asks.  "Well, yesterday, I called a man a sonofabitch." the woman replies.  "Why did you call him a sonofabitch, my child?" the priest asks.  "Well, it would be easier for me to show you than to explain it, Father." the woman says.  The priest opens the curtain between the two, and gestures for the woman to continue.  "Well, first, he touched me like this." the woman says, taking the priest's hand and placing it on her waist.  The priest swallowed slightly. "And then, my child?"  The woman takes his hand and places it on her chest. "Then he touched me here, father."  The priest gulped audibly, breaking out in a sweat. "And then, my child?"  "And then he took my clothes off, Father, and then made love to me." the woman says, removing her clothes.  The priest could no longer help himself. He bent the woman over the bench in the confessional and proceeded to make furious, passionate love to her. 'Was it like this, my child?" he yelled.  "Yes father, yes father, OH YES FATHER!" the woman screamed.  &amp;nbsp;  A while later, the priest sat back on the bench, exhausted but satisfied.   "If it was just like that, my child, why did you call him a sonofabitch?"  The woman looks back at him. "He had AIDS, Father."  "THAT SONOFABITCH!"
Why did radical muslims loved Castro? Because he wasn't an infidel.
Jesus and Paul are playing golf Jesus hits his ball out into the middle of a water hazzard. He walks on the water and hits the ball to within a couple of feet of the cup.  The greens keeper walks up to Paul and says "who does he think he is? Jesus Christ?"  Paul replies "no, he think's he's Arnold Palmer"
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang up the picture.  
My grandad let me in on the secret to picking up hot Jewish girls during WWII.. with a brush and shovel..
The Pope Was Heading to the Airport... The limo driver picks him up 15 minutes late from the Vatican. They're driving along and it's rush hour and the driver is just taking his good ol' time. The Pope, in a fit of fury yells "GET IN THE BACK,  I'M DRIVING." The Pope starts driving and is doing over a hundred miles per hour while swerving in and out of traffic. He gets pulled over. The cop walks up and takes his ID and registration. He goes back to the cruiser to call it in and says " You'll never believe who I have here."  Dispatcher: Who? Cop: Take a guess.  Dispatcher: Oprah Winfrey? Cop: Nope Dispatcher: David King? Cop: Nope.  Dispatcher: I'm sick of guessing. Tell me who it is! Cop: I don't know but he's got the Pope driving him around!
A Jew walks into a bar mitzvah
A Jewish mother goes to the airport... A Jewish mother goes to the airport to meet her daughter.   The daughter steps off the plane with an 8 foot tall Zulu warrior with a bone through his nose.  The mother screams, "You fool!! I said a rich doctor!!"
Jesus said "come forth unto me and recieve enternal salvation!" Paul came fifth and won a toaster.
Jewish dad So the Jewish kid goes up to his dad and asks for fifty dollars. his dad looks at him and say forty dollars what do you need thirty dollars for?
Jesus is watching you! A burglar breaks into a house in the middle of the night, turns on his flashlight and starts looking for money and valuables. Suddenly he hears a voice: "Jesus knows what you're doing!"  The burglar almost has a heart attack, turns off the flashlight and freezes, waiting, but nothing happens. He calms down, turns the flashlight back on and goes back to his job.   Suddenly, he hears the voice again: "Jesus is watching you!" He looks around frightened and the light falls on a cage with a parrot in it.  "Did you say something?" the man whispers.  "Yeah," the bird says, "I wanted to warn you that Jesus is watching you."  The burglar laughs. "To warn me? Who do you think you are?"  "I'm Moses," the parrot says.  "Moses?" the burglar says, "Who the hell names their parrot Moses?"  The bird answers: "Those who named their rottweiler Jesus." 
Why do Jewish people watch porn backwards? They like the part where the prostitute pays them
Friend of mine is a half-Irish/half-Jewish potato farmer... He can't grow them very well, but makes darn good money anyway.
The Pope once popped a Cherry... in his mouth.
Burglar meets Jesus A burglar breaks into a house. As he is stealing the silverware, he hears a voice in the darkness: "Jesus is watching." Thinking it's just his imagination, he continues raiding the place, then hears it again: "Jesus is watching." He turns on the lights and sees a parrot at a cage behind him, who says "Jesus is watching" yet again. Confused, the burglar says: "Shit, that bird scared the hell out of me. Who names a parrot 'Jesus', anyway?" The parrot answers: "My name isn't Jesus. My name is Moses." "Even worse. What kind of an asshole names his parrot 'Moses'?" "The same asshole that named his rottweiler Jesus."
That Allah guy sure is popular... I mean...His biggest fans are all dying to meet him.
Why did Jesus die on the cross? He forgot the safe-word. 
Who led the Jewish people through the semi-permeable membrane? Osmoses
What's the difference between a Jew and a woman? Idk I'm voting trump
Why did the pope cross the road? To bless it. 
Why did Jesus drink wine at the last supper? Because in 3 days, he would be a raisin
Jesus said to his Apostles, he would rebuild the Temple in three days... ...but then he looked at the state of the election and thought, "FUCK, no way I'm rebuilding THAT."
What's the difference between Santa and a jew? Santa goes down the chimney, the Jews go up.
How do you call a jewish gull? a ba-gull
I'm not a Catholic.... .... but I plan to give up picking my belly button for lint.
I do not want to make a joke about Jews in these times Because that would be cheap.
"Dad, why are there no jews on jupiter?" "Because its a gas planet son"
If Asians are yellow, europeans white, mexicans brown, and africans black...what color are jews? orange.
What do Catholic priests and the Zika Virus have in common? They both give kids a little head.
The best evidence EVER that Jesus was black He didn't have a dad. 
*Knock on door*, "sir have you found Jesus?", "uh No. Goodbye" *shuts door* Jesus steps out from behind door with gun and says "good answer"  *Shamelessly stolen from r/WritingPrompts who shamelessly stole it from imgur*
A train hits a bus filled with Catholic school girls... and they all perish. They are in heaven trying to enter the pearly gates when St. Peter asks the first girl, " Tiffany, have you ever had any contact with a male organ? She giggles and shyly replies, "Well, I once touched the head of one with the tip of my finger." St. Peter says, " Okay, dip the tip of your finger in the Holy Water and pass through the gate." St. Peter asks the next girl the same question, "Jennifer, have you ever had any contact with a male organ?" The girl is a little reluctant but replies, "Well, once I fondled and stroked one." St. Peter says, " Okay, dip your whole hand in the Holy Water and pass through the gate." All of a sudden, there is a lot of commotion in the line of girls. One girl is pushing her way to the front of the line. When she reaches the front, St.Peter says, "Reeva, What seems to be the rush?" The girl replies, "If I’m going to have to gargle that Holy Water, I want to do it before Jessica sticks her ass in it.
The jeweler received a new stamp kit as a birthday present He thought it was pretty impressive.
What do you call a happy ending at a Jewish massage parlor? Free.
Do you know why Hitler was more powerful than Jesus Jesus made 5000 people fish and bread, but Hitler made 6 million Jews toast
What's the difference between Jesus and Hitler? Hitler had a moustache.
"No one cares about the jews" "Yeah, they do"  "No they don't. During the holocaust i killed 3 jews and one clown"  "Why one clown?"  "See? No one cares about the jews"
Whats the easiest way to pick up a jewish girl? With a dustpan in Auschwitz.
If Jesus were to return today... ...Americans would send him back to Mexico and build a wall.
What is a Muslim's favorite type of meat? Shalami! haha!
Two jews walk into a bar and buy it.
Two Muslims immigrants arrive at the airport After talking they decide to have a competition to see who can become the most American in one years time. After that year they meet up for a beer and dinner to see who won the bet. The first guy talks about his job in the auto plant, his son playing football, his big new house, and his brand new Chevrolet pickup truck. Before the first guy could finish his rant the second guy said, "shut the fuck you, you sand nigger." 
A Jewish guy, a Catholic guy and a Mormon are having dinner together... ...and they are bragging about their families.   "My wife and I have 4 strapping young boys" says the Jewish man. "If we have one more, we would have our own basketball team."  "Well, good for you" says the Catholic. "But we have 10 healthy sons. If we would have one more we would have our own football team."  "That's nothing" says the Mormon. "I have 17 wives. If I have one more I would have my own golf course." 
The Pope goes for a drive The Pope goes to New York. He is picked up at the airport by a limousine. He looks at the beautiful car and says to the driver, ''You know, I hardly ever get to drive. Would you please let me?''   The driver is understandably hesitant and says, ''I'm sorry, but I don't think I'm supposed to do that.''   But the Pope persists, ''Please?''   The driver finally lets up. ''Oh, alright, I can't really say no to the Pope.''   So, the Pope takes the wheel, and boy, is he a speed demon! He hits the gas and goes around 100 mph in a 45 zone. A policeman notices and pulls him over. The cop walks up and asks the driver to roll down the window. Startled and surprised, the young officer asks the Pope to wait a minute. He goes back to his patrol car and radios the chief.   Cop: ''Chief, I have a problem.''   Chief: ''What sort of problem?''   Cop: ''Well, you see, I pulled over this guy for driving way over the speed limit but it's someone really important.''   Chief: ''Important like the mayor?''   Cop: ''No, no, much more important than that.''  Chief: ''Important like the governor?''   Cop: ''Wayyyyyy more important than that.''   Chief: ''Like the President?''   Cop: ''More.''   Chief: ''Who's more important than the President?!''   Cop: ''I don't know, but he's got the Pope DRIVING for him!''
How do you fit 100 jews in a car? Throw in a nickel.
Jewish jokes aren't funny Jewish jokes aren't funny.   My grandfather died in a concentration camp.  He got a drunk and fell from his guard tower..
Jesus is watching you A burglar broke into a house one night. He shined his flashlight around, looking for valuables, and when he picked up a CD player to place in his pack, a strange, disembodied voice echoed from the dark saying, "Jesus is watching you."  He nearly jumped out of his skin, clicked his flashlight out, and froze. When he heard nothing more after a bit, he shook his head, promised himself a vacation after the next big score, then clicked the light on and began searching for more valuables. Just as he pulled the stereo out so he could disconnect the wires, clear as a bell he heard,  "Jesus is watching you." Freaked out, he shone his light around frantically, looking for the source of the voice. Finally, in the corner of the room, his flashlight beam came to rest on a parrot. "Did you say that?", he hissed at the parrot.  "Yep," the parrot confessed, then squawked, "I'm just trying to warn you."  The burglar relaxed. "Warn me, huh? Who in the world are you?"  "Moses," replied the bird.  "Moses?" the burglar laughed. "What kind of people would name a birdMoses?"  "The kind of people that would name a Rottweiller Jesus."
Why is circumcision such a thing with the Jews? They can't resist 10% off.
What did the Jewish pedophile say to the children? Want to buy a piece of candy.
Jesus said to John, "Come forth and receive eternal life!" But John came fifth and got a toaster.
What did Jesus say when God ordered an ark to be built? I Noah guy...
What pronouns does the Pope go by? He/hymn
An Amish woman and her daughter were riding in an old buggy one cold blustery day, when the daughter said, "My hands are freezing cold!" The mother replied, "Put them between your legs. Your body heat will warm them up."   The daughter did and her hands warmed up.  The next day, the daughter was riding with her boy friend who said, "My hands are freezing cold!"  The girl replied, "Put them between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm them up."  He did and warmed his hands.  The following day, the boyfriend was again in the buggy with the daughter.  He said, "My nose is cold."  The girl replied, "Put it between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm it up."  He did and warmed his nose.  The next day, the boyfriend was again driving with the daughter and he said, "My penis is frozen solid."  The following day, the daughter was driving in the buggy with her mother again and she says to her mother, "Have you ever heard of a penis?"  Slightly concerned the mother said, "Why, yes. Why do you ask?"  The daughter replies, "They make one heck of a mess when they defrost, don't they?!"
Ancient Jewel Here's an ancient jewel of a riddle; it's been entertaining people for centuries:  What is greater than God, worse than the devil, and if you eat it, you die?
Why was the Amish woman kicked out of her colony? She slept with two Mennonite.
Why is it hard for the Amish to travel? Their transit system is a little buggy.
I met Jesus's personal trainer the other day He was making a pretty big prophet
A 15 year old amish boy and his father were in the mall... ...They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again.  The boy asked, 'What is this, Father?' The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, 'Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is.'  While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a fat old lady in a wheel chair moved up to the moving walls and pressed a button.  The walls opened, and the lady rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the boy and his father watched the small numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until it reached the last number. and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order.  Finally the walls opened up again and a gorgeous 24-year-old blond stepped out. The father, not taking his eyes off the young woman, said quietly to his son.....  'Go get your Mother
An Italian, a Jew, and a Polish guy apply to be Police Officers They all ace the written exam and it's time for the interviews. The Italian has his interview and it goes great, the interviewer says, "Okay, one last question. Who killed Jesus?" The Italian says, "The Jews." Then the Jew has his interview and ends with the same question, "Who killed Jesus?" The Jew responds, "The Romans." Then the Polish guy has his interview and gets the same question, "Who killed Jesus?" The Polish guy asks if he can get back to them on that and goes home. His wife asks, "How did the interview go?" He says, "Great! I already got my first case!"
How do Muslims greet each other? They h'Allah.
What made Jesus such a holey man? He had holes in his hands AND feet!
A Jewish man walks in to a bar and sits down to have a drink. After a few drinks a Chinese man came in and sat next to him. The Jewish man immediately turned and punched the other man in the face.  The Chinese man shouted, "You fool! What was that for?" The Jewish man replied, "That's for Pearl Harbor." Chinese man said, "You idiot, I am Chinese not Japanese!" Jewish man replied, "Chinese, Japanese, what's the difference?"  The Chinese man proceeded to punch the Jewish man in the face.  The Jewish man clutched his jaw and said angrily, "Owww, why did you do that?!" The Chinese man replied, "That's for the Titanic." Jewish man said, "But an iceberg caused it to sink, not me!"  The Chinese man smiled and said, "Iceberg, Goldberg, what's the difference!"
Having given a concert, the famous pianist retires to his room when suddenly a Jewish mother bursts in. "*Maestro!*", she cries, "just a minute, please! My son plays the piano, too, and he's got a magnificent talent and will one day become as great as you and you *have* to teach him!"  — "Impossible", says the musician. "I'm never taking any students."  "But listen!", she goes and slams the tape player she had been carrying on the table before the perplexed pianist can utter one more word. He moves to stand up and somehow get the woman out, but stops halfway through the motion, listens, sits back … After the piece has finished he's just shaking his head in disbelief, mumbling: "My … I have to make an exception, I'll have to get to know your son. That sounded like Horowitz—"  "That *was* Horowitz! But my son plays exactly like that."
Why don’t Jewish cannibals like eating Pollacks? They give them gas.
Whats the difference between a Jew and a Boy Scout? The Boy Scout comes back from camp
How did Jesus feel after the Romans killed him?  He felt pretty cross.
Why do crucifixion depictions always portray Jesus as muscular? Crossfit
Why are muslims so good at Fortnite. Cause they always go to tilted towers.
How do you keep a Baptist from drinking at your party? Invite two of them
Jesus was on a walk in town one day... When he crossed paths with a Roman soldier. Feeling particularly cool, Jesus put his hand up for a hi-five while passing by.  The Roman soldier, having ill feelings towards Jesus' teachings and following, simply grunted and ignored Jesus.  Jesus was a little disappointed so he then turned around and said, "Aww come on man, don't leave me hanging!"
Did you hear about the Muslim that went hunting? It was his first successful turkey shoot.
Whats a Muslim's favourite car? A porsche 9/11
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the picture.
Two brothers go to Catholic school... ... and they are always getting into trouble. But whenever they get caught in their mischief, the older boy, Frank, says to the younger, Henry, "It'll be ok, as long as we stick together." And even though Henry is much more nervous than Frank, this always gives him the confidence to withstand the latest round of scolding.   One day, the boys do something REALLY bad, and they get called to the headmaster's office. Henry is very anxious. "Frank," he says, "We've done it this time. He's going to expell us!" "Don't worry," replies Frank. "As long as we're together, it'll be OK."  At that moment, the headmaster walks out and asks Frank to come in. The two boys get up, but the headmaster stops them. "No," he says, "Only Frank." Henry looks petrified, but Frank goes in alone.   Frank sits across the desk from the headmaster, who gives him a long, deep look. Eventually, he says, "Frank, where is God?" This is completely unexpected to Frank, who doesn't have much to say. "Frank, where is God?" the headmaster repeats. With no answer coming to mind, Frank sits quietly. "I'm going to ask you a third time Frank. Where is God? You can take a while to think about it. Come back when you have an answer."  "How b-bad is it?" Henry asks as Frank walks out. "SERIOUSLY bad," Frank replies. "They've lost God and they're pinning it on us!" 
So, a happy Muslim on an empty stomach enters a gay bar............. Bartender asks, "What will it be!?" The Muslim replies, "Shots for everyone!"
Where do extremely conservative Muslims go to buy religious trinkets and craft projects? Wahhabi Lobby
What is the difference between a Catholic priest and acne? Acne waits untill you are 14 before it comes in your face.
Why Judas betrayed Jesus [Meanwhile at the last supper]  Jesus: "Hey guys, you know that the bread is legit my body And the manischewitz is actually my blood, and the mayo is my-"   Judas:"I-I'm gonna have to stop u right there"
I hate talking with Jewish people It really takes me out of Mein Kampfort zone!
Isn't the Lord of the Light just female jesus? She get's nailed too...
A baptist at the gates of heaven asks to see hell. So a Baptist dies and goes to heaven.  The Baptist goes to St. John, who is guarding the gates of heaven, and asks, "You know, I'm just little bit curious. What does hell look like?"  St. John points off toward a cliff in the distance and says, "Just go to that cliff over there and look down. You'll be able to see it from there."  So the Baptist walks over to the cliff, looks downward, and says, "Hey John, are you sure this is hell? This doesn't look so bad. There's green grass everywhere!"  St. John, taken aback, sprints to the cliff, looks at hell, and says,  "You've gotta be kidding me! Those damn Mormons are irrigating again!"  
A priest is addressing a group of Jews Or at least trying to, but the Jews are constantly ignoring him.  Angry at them, but being patient nonetheless, he thought of a clever plan to get their attention.  "Oh people of Israel, lend me your ears"  Their interest rose to 20%.
It would've been convenient for the ancient Jews who were wondering how long until Jesus was born, They could just check the year on their calendar.
Why do Jews not like Rubens? Because they don’t like a sauerkraut
A Young Jewish boy kept acting up at school.. One day, the school calls his father and says, "Your son keeps acting up in class, and his behaviour is unacceptable. We'd reccomend placement in another school."  So the father talks to his son and decides he's gonna send him to a private school.  A week later, the private school calls his father saying, "Your son keeps acting up in class, and his behaviour is unacceptable. We'd reccomend placement in another school."  Yet again, the father talks to the son and decides to send him to a Boarding School.  Another week passes, and the father gets yet another call; the same as the others. "Your son keeps acting up in class, and his behaviour is unacceptable. We'd reccomend placement in another school."  At this point, the father doesn't care anymore and decides to send his son to a Catholic school.  A few months pass, and the father hadn't received a single call about his sons behavior. Curious as to what has changed, the father asks, "Hey Jacob, what changed? Why did you all of a sudden stop acting up?"  Jacob looks up from his dinner and responds, "Well dad, when I walked in there and saw a man nailed to the cross; I knew they meant business."
On their way to get married, a young Catholic couple was involved in a fatal car accident. The couple found themselves sitting outside the Pearly Gates waiting for St. Peter to process them into Heaven.  While waiting they began to wonder; could they possibly get married in Heaven?  When St. Peter arrived, they asked him if they could get married in Heaven. St. Peter said, "I don't know. This is the first time anyone has asked. Let me go find out," and he left.  The couple sat and waited for an answer... for a couple of months.  While they waited, they discussed the pros and cons. If they were allowed to get married in Heaven, should they get married, what with the eternal aspect of it all? "What if it doesn't work? Are we stuck in Heaven together forever?"  Yet another month passed before St. Peter finally returned, looking somewhat bedraggled.  "Yes," he informed the couple, "You can get married in Heaven."  "Great!" said the couple. "But we were just wondering; what if things don't workout? Could we also get a divorce in Heaven?"  St. Peter, red-faced with anger, slammed his clipboard on the ground.  "What's wrong?" asked the frightened couple.  "OH, COME ON!" St. Peter shouted. "It took me 3 months to find a priest up here! Do you have ANY idea how long it'll take to find a lawyer?!!!!!!!
If there is earth on planet Earth, why aren't there Jews on Jupiter? Because it's a gas planet.
Jesus is crucified and ascends to Heaven. When he arrives, he is beyond pissed at God. He says "Dad, why did you let them nail me to a piece of wood? That fucking hurt!" and God replies "Don't get cross with me, young man!"
What do you call a rap battle between Muslims? Islam Poetry
Elderly Scottish Jew An elderly Scottish Jew decides to slow down and take up golf.  So he applies for membership at the local club.  After a week he receives a message that his application has been rejected.   So he goes down to the club to inquire why.  Secretary: You are aware that this is a Scottish golf club? Scot: Aye, but I am as Scottish as you are, MacTavish.  Secretary: This means that on formal occasions we wear the kilt. Scot: Aye, so do I.  Secretary: You are aware that we wear nothing under the kilt? Scot: Aye, neither do I.  Secretary: But you are a Jew? Scot: Aye, I be that.  Secretary: So you are circumcised? Scot: Aye, I be that, too.  Secretary: I am terribly sorry, but the members just would not feel comfortable with that.  Scot: I know that you have to be a Protestant to march with the Orangemen. And I know that you have to be a Catholic to join the Knights of Columbus. But this is the first time I've heard that you have to be a total prick to join a golf club.
A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while . . . A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while. Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian.  The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend.  The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd.  I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."  So the two of them went to see the Rabbi.    They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians.  The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd.  I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."  So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there.  The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray.  They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians."  There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . "
The EU must be Jewish because it just had a brit milah.
What happens when a jew with a boner runs into a wall He breaks his nose
Most commonly asked question at a jewish bakery. How much does the challah cost?
Two Jews walk into a bar     That's it. Do Jews drink very little?
Why doesn't anyone ever talk about the Honda Jesus used to own? Because he didn't speak of his own accord. 
I was born half-jewish But then two weeks later the rabbi cut that half off.
Why didn't Hitler like Jews? They were not friends on Facebook. 
A Christian Arab was talking to a Muslim Arab... They were both arguing on why wine is not allowed. While they were talking the Muslim Arab's wife brought out grapes.  The Christian Man pointed at the grapes and said "the wine comes from the grape so what is the difference".   Next to the Christian man sat his wife and daughter. The Arab man looked at the wife and daughter and said "the daughter comes from the wife so what is the difference".   
How does a Jew prepare his coffee? Hebrews it.
The Pope, four cardinals, and 17 bishops walk into a Church. A parishioner sees this ensemble and says, “Oh Christ, He’s coming!” 
The Catholic Church is really getting really intrusive about reproductive rights Now there's even a mass on my girlfriend's ovaries  ...  Thought of this while discussing a friend's health scare. Yes,  I feel bad.
I had a Muslim durg dealer in college Dope Amin
What's the difference between a Jew and a Canoe? A canoe tips
Why do Jewish men get circumcisions? Because Jewish women won't touch anything under 15% off.
Jesus lesson on Easter Every time you have a big problem, or you're having a hard time in life, just remember Jesus' Easter lesson:  Pretend you're dead and disappear for 3 days.
Jesus thought he was cool when he walked on water until... He met Luke, a Skywalker.
Whats the difference between a Jew and a burnt piece of toast? One is a Human, the other is an over cooked piece of bread.
Whats the difference between a Jew and Harry Potter? Harry can escape the chamber.
Jesus take the wheel Carlos you take the stereo, and Roberto, you take lookout.
What did Jesus do to lose weight? Crossfit
Jesus walks into a hotel and hands the receptionist a couple of nails and asks... Can you put me up for the night?
Why don't radical Muslims like to rape fat women? Because they are not allowed to eat pork. 
How does a Jewish man make coffee? Hebrews it
Jesus Christ fed 2,000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish... ... but Adolf Hitler made 6 million Jews toast.
What kind of car does Jesus drive? A Christler
What does Jesus say when someone cuts his call? Hello.. Hello..? Lama sabachthani?! 
A Jewish kid goes to his dad and says, "Dad, I need to borrow fifty bucks". The dad says, "Forty bucks? I don't have thirty bucks, what do you need twenty bucks for?"
What's the difference between jeweler, a cut down tree, and a sea captain? A sea captain watches the seas, while a jeweler sees the watches.
Why is Jupiter both the favourite and most hated planet for Jews? Favourite because **Jew**piter is the biggest planet in the solar system  Hated because it's a gas planet
There is a Mexican, a black person, a muslim, and a gipsy in a car. Who drives it? The officer.
Where did the Jewish girl go during the bombing? Everywhere.
If GOKU is super-saiyan god then does that make GOHAN super-saiyan jesus? If GOKU is super-saiyan god then does that make GOHAN super-saiyan jesus? 
What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew? Harry potter can get out of a chamber 
What is a Jew's favorite Mexican food? Carne Masada
What's the difference between a Jew and Santa Claus? Santa Claus goes *down* the chimney.
Some people say that Jesus was crucified, but I think he died while crossing the street. After all, everyone says he died "on the cross."
Pope decided to drive (not my original content, and I cannot remember the whole thing very well, so I may have taken some liberties)  One day, Pope was scheduled to visit a village in nearby Italy, but since it had been a longtime since he had driven a car himself, he decided that he wants to do the driving on this occasion, but brought the driver anyway in case his health wasn't up to it.  As the car approaches the checkpoint, the guard walks up to the car for documents, but upon seeing the Pope and the driver, he immediately runs back and to the checkpoint booth and raises the barricade to let the car through.  His supervisor sees this and demands to know why he didn't even check the occupants documents.  "Sir, I don't know who the hell the passenger is, but the Pope is his driver"
Jesus and his disciples walk into a restaurant. Jesus asks for a table for 26.   The head waiter says, “But there’s only 13 of you.”  Jesus says, “Yeah, but we’re all going to sit on the same side.”
A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while . . . A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while. Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian. The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend.  The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the two of them went to see the Rabbi.  They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."  So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray. They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians."  There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . "
A Jew living in the Soviet Union applies for an exit visa so he could emigrate to Israel. As a result, he is summoned to the KGB headquarters.   “I see that you applied to move to Israel?” asks the KGB officer. The Jewish man nods.  “Here in Russia, don’t you have food to eat?”    “Yeah, I can’t complain.”    “And here in Russia, don’t you have place to live?”    “Yeah, yeah, I can’t complain.”    “And here in Russia, don’t you have job to work at?”    “Yeah, I can’t complain.”    “So, Jew, why did you apply to move to Israel?”  “Because There I *can* complain!”
It's hard to top a blessing from Jesus He has very hole-y hands
How is Theresa May Like a Catholic Teen? She's got no Plan B after she gets screwed.  
Jamie the Jewish man died His wife Ida rang the newspaper to put in his obituary  ‘It’s $10 per word’ said the man at the newspaper  ‘In that case please put “Jamie died”’ she said  He said ‘unfortunately it’s a minimum of 5 words’  ‘Please put “Jamie died. Volvo for sale”’
Pope decided to drive (not my original content, and I cannot remember the whole thing very well, so I may have taken some liberties)  One day, Pope was scheduled to visit a village in nearby Italy, but since it had been a longtime since he had driven a car himself, he decided that he wants to do the driving on this occasion, but brought the driver anyway in case his health wasn't up to it.  As the car approaches the checkpoint, the guard walks up to the car for documents, but upon seeing the Pope and the driver, he immediately runs back and to the checkpoint booth and raises the barricade to let the car through.  His supervisor sees this and demands to know why he didn't even check the occupants documents.  "Sir, I don't know who the hell the passenger is, but the Pope is his driver"
why do jews hate boy scouts? because they get to leave camp
What do you get when you cross an Asian with a Jew? Rice Krispies
If Jesus died for our sin... Who died for our cos and tan?
What's the difference between harry potter and the jews? Harry potter escaped the chamber.
A Catholic priest walks into a bar... Him clearly being depressed, the bartender asks him whats wrong, however the priest is insistent that they cut the chatter and asks for the strongest drink they've got.  He goes at it for hours, keeps up longer than anyone the bartenders ever seen.  Finally the bartender asks "Y'know, I always wondered, why do you Catholics drink so much?"  Shocked and only somewhat phased by the immense amount of alcohol he had just consumed, the priest answered, "Our theology dictates that we must be filled with the holy spirit."
What do you call a black muslim? Mohammad Alley
A tempter, a jew, and a homosexual arrive in hell. They arrive and the Devil is annoyed by the long line and tells them to shorten it he will send them back to Earth.  If they can go 24 hours without committing their sins again, they'll be sent up to heaven.   They all agree and arrive back at Earth shortly.  As they walk along the streets together, the tempter drops a nickel and they all go back to hell.
A Jewish Boy Asks His Dad For $20 Surprised the dad says, "$10 dollars?! What the hell do you need $5 dollars for?!"
Jesus is hanging on the cross... ... people surround him, watching as his agony consumes him. Suddenly, and with great effort, he says:  "Mother, are you there?"  "Yes, my son, I am here." - she replies.  "Father, are you there?" - asks Jesus.  "Yes, son, I am." - Joseph replies.  "Peter, are you also there?" - asks Jesus once again.  "Yes, good friend, we are all here with you." - answers.  "Move away then, I need to take a leak."
What does the pope have in common with Christmas trees ? Both have balls just for decoration
NSFW: what does Mc Donald and Popes have in common? They both love to stuff kids
A Jew fell down in a Pit People around came for help. One of them moved his hand and said " Give me your hand" . The Jew refused to respond, the other person yelled " give me your hand", once again the Jew refused to respond,  finally a wise men Appered, said " Mr, Take my hands" , the Jew quickly took his hands and came out of the pit.  
I really do believe Allah is the one true god I mean the universe was created by an EXPLOSION wasn't it?
What's the difference between a Boy Scout and a Jewish person? The Boy Scout comes home from camp.  ^First ^time ^posting ^on ^this ^sub ^don't ^know ^what's ^too ^offensive ^and ^what's ^not ^sorry.
What makes the Jewish Monopoly game so much harder than the original? Because the banker starts with all the money and never gives it away.
Why do nerds go to Jewish weddings? Because they break glasses and protect their pockets
Mike Tyson and Michael Jackson, close pals as they are, hear that the pope himself is coming to town... And to their local cathedral no less, just down the street from JC Penny. So as this happens to be a ticketed affair, Jackson and Tyson each buy tickets for the front left pew of their church/cathedrial...  The day comes and the pair are a tad late. Most of the seating is filled already. They begin to walk down the aisle, but Mike Tyson has this bag of Spitz sunflower seeds that he can't seem to put down. As they're walking to their seats in the front row Tyson keeps spitting the God damned shells out onto the floor making an ass of himself. They sit down at their assigned seats.  The pope sees them from his podium and slowly walks towards them.  The pope stops right in front of Tyson and inaudibly mumbles something in an aged and raspy voice while pointing and seemingly 'blessing' Mike Tyson with the traditional 'up, down, left and right' hand gesture symbolic of the cross, and walks agedly away.  Now, Jackson is a bit befuddled by this and says to Tyson,  "How come he only blessed you?"  Tyson replies,  "Bleth me, you kiddin'? He thaid (while doing the cross gesture and thus pointing, not actually blessing), Listen nigga, (top) take the spitz (bottom) and the fag (left) and get the fuck out (pointing right, to the door)!
How does a Jew make his coffee? Hebrews it.
A Yugoslavian jew moves to israel After ww2 most of the (still alive) yugoslavian jews moved to Israel.  Shlomo shekelowitz decides to stay in yugoslavia just to test the new socialist regime.  After a year he moves to israel.  One of his old friends sees him and asks  SCHLOMO! Long time we did not see each other ! How is it in Yugoslavia ?  Schlomo responds : "I couldn't complain".  His friend responds : "Why did you move here then ?"  "I couldn't complain", Schlomo repeats
I named my dick Jesus so all of you praise his coming.
What kind of meat does the pope eat? Nun
Higgs boson walks into a Catholic church Priest says 'you're not allowed in here! Get out!' Higgs Boson looks at him confused, 'but without me you can't have mass.'
How do you buy a Jewish Person? With 30 pieces of silver
The Jews rate their trip to auschwitz. They all gave it one star.
Moses and Jesus reminisce about the their days on Earth. Moses and Jesus are reminiscing about their time in Earth. Jesus says to Moses "let's go back for a bit! Where would you like to go?" Moses told Jesus "I've always like the Red Sea." So they go to the Red Sea and wander around a bit. Suddenly Moses find a long stick and looks at Jesus and says "remember this Jesus?" and then he splits the Red Sea. "I loved when you did that!" Jesus said. "Do you remember this?" and Jesus starts walking on the water and with each step he sinks a little bit. He starts freaking out and screams "what's going on!? I used to do this all the time!" then Moses said "yeah but that was before you had holes in your feet!"
What do you call a Canadian Muslim? A Mooselim!!
Why don't Muslims fight each other often? Cause they don't want no beef   Edit: I'm going to crawl back into my hole now 
Where do muslims go when they die? Everywhere.
How does a Jewish man make coffee? Hebrews it.
Did you hear about the shooting at the Catholic Church on Saturday? It was a mass shooting.
Why did Jesus die a virgin? Every single wound he touched closed up.
If Jesus was real they wouldn't call it the crucifixion... They would call it crucifact.
Why do Jewish men get circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything thats not 25% off
Why would jews make good killer clowns? Because they’re very penny wise
A black Jewish boy comes home from school. He asks his father "Daddy, am I more Jewish or more black?" Father says "why do you wanna know that son?" Boy says "Well there's a kid selling his bike at school for $50. I wanna know if I should offer him $40 or if I should just steal it."
Jesus walks into a Hotel, He throws three nails on the counter and asks the clerk, "Hey can you put me up for the night?"
What does the Pope order in a Mexican restaurant? Holy mole
Why is a Jewish Jedi Master always an only child? Because he has no Force-kin.
Why are there no video games based around Jesus? Because he takes 3 days to respawn. 
Whats the difference between Jesus and a painting if Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the painting.
A Jewish man and a Christian man are on a plane On this plane, they have a debate about which religion is more valid. Neither manages to convince the other, but it was a nice friendly conversation. Suddenly, the plane starts to smoke, and ends up crashing in the ocean. Once they're on the safety raft, and the Christian sees the Jewish man cross himself. He says "Hey! I just say you cross yourself! Did I manage to convert you to my religion on the plane?" the Jewish man replies "No no no no no. Spectacles, testicles, wallet, and watch"
Psalm 129 A priest offered a nun a lift. She got in and crossed her legs, forcing her gown to reveal a leg. The priest nearly had an accident. After controlling the car, he stealthily slid his hand up her leg.  The nun said, “Father, remember Psalm 129?”  The priest removed his hand. But, changing gears, he let his hand slide up her leg again. The nun once again said, “Father, remember Psalm 129?” The priest apologized “Sorry sister but the flesh is weak.”  Arriving at the convent, the nun sighed heavily and went on her way.  On his arrival at the church, the priest rushed to look up Psalm 129. It said, “Go forth and seek, further up you will find glory.”  
Jewish mother prepares the basket with cookies for Jewish Little Red Riding Hood and gives her the following instructions: - When you come to granny, she will start complaining that the winter is just around the corner, the wind strikes through the cracks, the tap is leaking, there is a hole in the roof, there is no wood to burn in grade, she has no money at all… and so on and so forth. But you don’t listen to her and stick to your story: cookies with chocolate - $2, without chocolate – $1.
An Amish woman and her daughter were riding in an old buggy, one cold, blustery day. The daughter said to her mother, "My hands are freezing cold."  The mother replied, "Put them between your legs. Your body heat will warm them up."  The daughter did and her hands warmed up.  The next day, the daughter was riding with her boy friend, who said, "My hands are freezing cold."  The girl replied, "Put them between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm them up."  He did and warmed his hands.  The following day, the boyfriend was again in the buggy with the daughter.  He said, "My nose is cold."  The girl replied, "Put it between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm it up."  He did and warmed his nose.  The next day, the boyfriend was again riding with the daughter and he said, "My penis is frozen solid."  The following day, the daughter was riding in the buggy with her mother again and she says to her mother, "Have you ever heard of a penis?"  Slightly concerned, the mother said, "Why, yes. Why do you ask?"  The daughter replies, "They make one heck of a mess when they defrost, don't they?"
I once found a Catholic russian. I told him that was very unorthodox.
Why do I love Jesus? I heard he can come twice.
What do you call a jewish archaeologist? Torah the explorer.
Why do jews believe in God? Because Isreal.  
How did Jesus feel after the Romans killed him? How did Jesus feel after the Romans killed him?  He felt pretty cross.
What is the difference between a Jew and a pizza? The pizza doesn’t scream when you throw it in the oven.   This joke is good not because of any inherent humor, but rather because of its failure to amuse. It serves, therefore, as a valuable cautionary tale.  The first flaw in the anecdote’s construction is in its gratuitous use of ethnicity as a crutch. To be sure, Jews serve as an invaluable comedy resource. Any joke involving miserliness of any kind can be improved by the addition of a Hebraic surname (or, in the alternative, by the addition of the prefix “Mac.”) But here, “Jewishness” does not improve the comedy one wit. Any ethnicity will scream when placed in an oven. You throw an Irishman into an oven, and see if he doesn’t cry out “Begosh and begorrah, I’ve been thrown into an oven!” So too the Mexican, whose refrain of “Ai yi yi, es mui caliente!” is equally plausible. Indeed, the only person who should ever be thrown into an oven in comedy is Sylvia Plath.  Many of you may object, “But what of the Holocaust? Surely that validates the choice of ‘Jew’ in the set-up?”  Far from it. One must be very careful when relying on history as validation. The Nazis threw very few screaming Jews into the oven. This is not Holocaust revisionism, it’s simply fact. The Germans are a very efficient people, and they killed almost all their victims before disposing of their bodies in factory-like furnaces. To do otherwise would slow their production lines of death down, and that would be intolerable to the German psyche. No, no. The corpses that were thrown into the ovens went in not unlike the aforementioned pizza – silently.  Thus, the fundamental logic of the joke is ruined. The difference does not hold up under historical scrutiny.   So when you are asked to contemplate the difference between a Jew and a pizza, plausible answer is: “One is a human being with a human soul and a human mind and inherent human dignity, and the other is a molded dough product.” Or “You take the pizza out of the oven in one piece.”  
Why did the muslim guy rig a competition? So he could win Allah the prizes.
The Pope is Touring the US And, being the Pope, he's been riding in the back of limos and the Popemobile the entire time.  But it's been a few years of being Pope, and the US has some nice open roads, so he desperately wants to drive again.  He rolls down the partition in his limo and tells the driver to get in the back... Pope Francis is taking the wheel!  He gets to the most remote road he can find, and this man absolutely TEARS ASS through the countryside.  100, 120, 160 miles per hour!  He's a wild-man, having the time of his life.  Then the sirens go off.  The Pope pulls over.  A state trooper approaches the limo as the Pope rolls down his window.  The trooper sees the Pope and immediately radios his CO:  *"Uh sir I pulled somebody over for doing 95 over the speed limit... But he's pretty important, sir.  What do I do?"*  **"95 over the speed limit, how is this even an issue?  Who is this guy, the Governor?"**  The trooper looks at the Pope, who waves.   *"He's bigger than the Governor, sir."*  **"Aw Jesus man, you didn't pull over the President?!"**  *"No sir, I think he's bigger than the President."*  **"Wait, who the hell is even bigger than the President?!  Who did you pull over?!"**  The trooper thinks for a moment and replies:  *"I don't know sir, but the Pope is his limo driver so I figure he's REAL important."*
Jews be like Nah Way is Jesus the son of God And Christians be like Yahwah!
Going to mass is basically just like a dog being trained A guy tells you to sit and stand and sit and stand, and at the end they give you a snack
Why did the Amish woman divorce her husband? Because he was driving her buggy.
Jesus and the Devil have a competition After countless years of Jesus being in the spotlight, the Devil had had enough. He issued a challenge to Jesus; whoever writes the longest story on Microsoft Word wins. Jesus accepts, and they get to it. After hours and hours of frantic typing, there is suddenly a power cut. The Devil is furious, whilst Jesus remains calm. As soon as the power comes back, he boots up his computer and has lost all his work, before seeing Jesus calmly typing from where he left off. Lucifer is not happy at all, calling Jesus a cheat, before God intervenes, proclaiming Jesus the winner. The moral of the story? *Jesus saves*
Why do Jewish men get circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that is not a least 10% off.
What train did the Jew get picked up by on Christmas? The Polish Express 
How did the Muslim enjoy her dessert?   Allah Mode
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the picture up. 
Why wasn't jesus born in texas? They couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin
What do you call a Jewish organization based in Vancouver? Yiddish Columbia
So Jesus was born on Christmas and died on Easter? What kind of heartless monsters kill a 4-month-old...
how many Muslims does it take to change a light bulb? Allah of them
Prophetic Dreams As a boy i had dreams that told the future.  One night when i was young, a crow came to me in a dream.  "Your aunt is going to die!" It cawed.  I woke up immediately and ran to tell my parents.  They told me  "Go back to bed its only a dream."  Then that morning they got a phone call.  My Aunt sally had died in a car accident.   A few weeks went by and the crow came to me again in a dream. "Your Father is going to die!" It said. I ran to tell my father. He told me to go to bed and it wasnt worth worrying about.   But the next morning i could see him looking very rattled and not like himself at all. No wonder, he didnt know how it would happen.  After all the crow had only said  "Your Father is going to die."   He arrived home just before supper that evening and said to my Mother as he came in the door.  "I just had the worst day of my life." She said  "You think your day was bad? The mailman had a heart attack and died on the front porch this morning!"
Have you ever had Jewish coffee? You'd like it, Israeli good.
What do you call a Jewish cowboy? Billy the Yid
A Muslim, a Jew, and a Christian walked into a bar. What? They had a drink. 
What does Jesus eat while on a hike? Grail mix.
Jesus walks into a hotel...hands the innkeeper three nails and asks... Can you put me up for the night?
A waiter is working and sees Jesus come in Waiter: “Hello sir, welcome to our restaurant! What can I get for you?”  Jesus: “Hello Matthew. Today I would like a steak please.”  Waiter: “How did you... oh right, you’re Jesus! Duh. Anyways, how would you like that?”  Jesus: “Well done, good and faithful servant”
Jesus walks into a restaurant Waiter: Hello Jesus, what would you like to drink?   Jesus: Can I please have a glass of water.   Waiter: Nice try, but I know what happens when you get water.    Inspired by u/Shuau_21
What sort of Spanish sporting event would Jesus hang out at? La Crosse
Do you know why jews mutilate their penises? Jewish girls can't resist something that's 10% off
Jesus and his disciples at last dinner. "Waiter!", Jesus called, "Can I get a receipt please?"  After some time, waiter finally comes to Jesus and puts a receipt in his palm.  Jesus is looking at receipt for 10 seconds straight with confusion and shock all over his face.  He turns to disciples and shouts "Didn't I tell y'all to order water instead of wine?!"
What does a Catholic priest have in common with Beethoven's Fur Elise? They both finish in A minor
I think Jesus was real, and that he was a really good person. But some people didn't like that everybody loved him for being very good and fame because of it.  They were a bit *cross* at him.  I know what you're saying: *Jesus Christ* Dad, that was bad.  And, yeah, *apostle*bly. *Bread* don't *wine*. You'll *resurrect* your anger!  Now you're probably thinking: *Holy crap* father, that was *torah*-*Abel*.  And the Torah joke wasn't eve a Christian thing!  But if you don't *brim*merdown, I'll have to *cane* you.  --  Yeah you're right.  *Issac* at making jokes.
What's the difference between Jesus in real life and Jesus in a picture frame? It only takes one nail to hang up Jesus in a picture frame.
A Jewish man named Moishe is on his deathbed His wife of 60 years, Sarah, is there. He turns to her. "Sarah, we've had a long life together. Been through a lot, haven't we? You've always been there for me. When my shop burned down, you were there with me." She replies "I was, Moishe." He continues "and when the Nazis invaded our homeland and took us to a concentration camp, you were there." She nods silently. "And when my parents were killed in a car wreck, you were there." She nods again, patting his hand gently. "And when the furnace blew up our house, you were there. And when the insurance company scammed us, and our business went under, and I lost all my money, you were there." Moishe sighs, and Sarah asks what's wrong.   "I'm beginning to think you're bad luck, Sarah."
What did a Jewish guy do first thing in the morning? Hebrew coffee  Go easy on me with this pun.
There's an apartment building in my neighborhood that's full of guys who think they're Jesus It's a Messiah Complex
Why was Jesus not born in Australia? Because God could not find three wise men and a virgin.
A Muslim enters the United States Oh sorry thought it was still 2016.
A Jewish girl... A Jewish girl asks her dad for 20 bucks.  He replies, "10 bucks? What do you want 5 bucks for?"
What is the ultimate Jewish conflict? Pork chops at half price
Benefits of coffee A Mormon told me that they don't drink coffee. I said, "A cup of coffee every day gives you wonderful benefits." He said, "Like what?" I said, "Well, it keeps you from being Mormon ..."
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer. Ash.
What is the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew Harry Potter escaped the chamber .
What would happen if Muslims didn't practice Ramadan? They become Mu-fat
What price do jews not wanna know? how much a holocaust
What's the worst part of being a black jew? You have to sit at the back of the oven.
Two Jews walking down the street Two Jews are taking an afternoon stroll. As they pass St. Joseph's Cathedral they notice a sign posted on the front door.  **CONVERT TO CATHOLICISM  GET $50!**  "$50!!," exclaims David. "What a great deal, we can just convert back after!"   "Hold your horses," says Aaron. "It could be a scam, tell you what, I will go and do it, we'll see if this deal is real."  Aaron goes into the cathedral and David waits outside.   Finally, after an hour passes, Aaron comes out of the cathedral.  "So? Was it a scam? Did you get the $50??," asks David.  Aaron replies, "Is it always about the money with you people?"
Whats the worst thing about being a black jew? Having to sit in the back of the oven.
what does a Jew and pizza have in common ? They both go in the oven
What did the Muslim guy say to his wife when she whipped out his dick in public? "Haram, bae."
There is a new virus which only affects Muslims.Where do they put the infected? In the Quran-tine room!
A muslim and his wife are chatting during dinner Wife: Did you hear about the gorilla that got shot in the zoo?   Husband: Wait what are you eating?   Wife: Pork   Husband: Thats haram bae.   Wife: Oh so you did hear about it
How can you tell the difference between a catholic, a baptist, and a Methodist? A baptist will run into a liquor store, buy their alcohol and run out.  A Methodist will walk into a liquor store and say high to everyone, then buy their alcohol and walk out.  A catholic will show up to the store completely hammered, hug everyone, get their alcohol and stumble their way out of the store. 
Two Jews meet in a NY subway A J**e**wish man who was riding on the subway reading an Arab newspaper. A friend of his, who happened to be riding in the same subway car, noticed this strange phenomenon. Very upset, he approached the newspaper reader. "Moshe, have you lost your mind? Why are you reading an Arab newspaper?"   Moshe replied, "I used to read the J**e**wish newspaper, but what did I find? Jews being persecuted, Israel being attacked, Jews disappearing through assimilation and intermarriage, Jews living in poverty. So I switched to the Arab newspaper. Now what do I find? Jews own all the banks, Jews control the media, Jews are all rich and powerful, Jews rule the world. The news is so much better!"  (Re-posted from this morning because something must have happened to it, if the mods had of taken it down I'm sure they would have provided a reason why, and not been dicks about it. So I'll save them the trouble and be a gentleman about it.)
Jesus Christ is dying on the cross, his disciples are gathered around, crying. Peter looks up and notices that Jesus seems to be calling him Jesus Christ is dying on the cross, his disciples are gathered around, crying. Peter looks up and notices that Jesus seems to be calling him, "Peter, come hither!" Immediately Peter rushes over to the cross, only to be hit severely over the head by the roman guard. He gets on his feet again and wants to return to the other disciples when he hears Jesus calling again, "Peter, come hither!" So, again Peter tries to climb the cross to get to his lord, when the roman soldier draws his sword and chops Peter's arm off. Peter is getting a little pissed and wants to go back to his buddies, but again Jesus summons. The roman guard can't believe that Peter is trying yet AGAIN to climb to the cross, and chops off another arm. Peter is now covered in blood and demented from the blow to the head and wants to call it a day. Jesus hoarsly croaks, "Peter, please, come to me!" By now, the roman gurad is tired of chopping limbs, so he lets Peter be. The faithful disciple struggles to climb the cross (without arms mind you) and after a long while he finally arrives at his Lord's side. Hurting, suffering, bleeding, Peter looks into his Master's eyes and asks, "yes, my Lord. What is it?" Jesus smiles lovingly and looks off into the distance as a weak smile plays across his face, "Look Peter, I can see your house from here!" 
What reassurance did the proud Jewish father offer his struggling son? "Don't worry, son; we Katz always land on our feet."
Why wouldn't the student take writing advice from his Jewish English teacher? He was anti-semantic. 
Jesus visits earth again for the first time in almost 2000 years... When he descends from heaven the first thing he finds is two people smoking weed in an alley.   He walks up to them and asks: "Hey, what are you guys doing here?"   One of the two guys replies: "We're smoking a joint, you've never heard of it? Do you wanna have a go and try?"  Curious about what this "joint" thing is, Jesus accepts and smokes a bit.  After he's done he says: "Guys, I'm the real Jesus by the way."  The two guys look at him, nod in acknowledgement and say: "THAT'S the spirit, bro!"
What do the Pope and a Christmas tree have in common? The balls are just for decoration.
Jesus fed 2000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish And Hitler made 6 million Jews toast
A balding, white haired man walks into a jewelry store one Friday evening with a beautiful much younger gal at his side. He tells the jeweler he's looking for a special ring for his girlfriend. The jeweler looks through his stock and brings out a $5,000 ring.  The man says, "No, I'd like to see something more special."  At that statement, the jeweler goes to his special stock and brings another ring over. "Here's a stunning ring at only $40,000" the jeweler says.  The lady's eyes sparkle and her whole body trembles with excitement.  The old man seeing this says, "We'll take it."  The jeweler asks how payment would be made and the man states,  "By check. I know you need to make sure my check is good, so I'll write it now and you can call the bank Monday to verify the funds. I'll pick the ring up Monday afternoon."  On Monday morning, the jeweler angrily phones the old man and says "Sir... there's no money in that account."  "I know," says the old man... "But let me tell you about my weekend."
Why do Jewish men always get their sons circumcised? Because Jewish women can’t resist anything 10% off
Why did Jesus run off the airplane? He didn't like the Pilate
Jesus has been living in my heart for years And I've never received a single rent payment!  No wonder they call him King of the Jews
I don't say Jewish Puns Around my Jewish Friends... I'm scared they might beat me up because all of them are black belts in Jew-Jitsu. 
How do you know that Jesus was gay? Cos' he was always like "AHHHHHH MEN"
Jewish Red Riding hood's mother bids her farewell as she leaves for granny's house. *When you visit grandma, she'll start complaining that winter is just around the corner, there is a hole in the roof, there's no firewood, she has no money at all… and so on.*  *But don’t listen to her and stick to your line: cookies with chocolate - $2, without chocolate - $1.*
A Jew walks into a bar He sits down and sees an Asian man. He walks over to the Asian man and punches him in the nose.   Asian Man: what the hell was that for?   Jew: that's for Pearl Harbor   Asian Man: I'm Chinese the Japanese did Pearl Harbor!  Jew: Chinese, Japanese what's the difference.   So the Jew sits back down. 20 minutes later the Chinese man gets up, walks over to the Jew and punches him in the mouth.   Jew: What the fuck was that for?   Chinese Man: that's for the titanic   Jew: the Jews didn't sink the titanic that was an iceberg   Chinese man: iceberg, Greenberg what's the difference? 
Buddhist, Catholic and a Mormon are talking about their families. The Buddhist turns to the others and says, "raising four kids is tough, if my wife and I have another I'm going to have a basketball team!"  The Catholic chuckles and responds, "Four? I have TEN kids, if my wife and I have one more I'll have a football team!"  The Mormon shrugs, "If I get any more wives I'm going to have a golf course."
Why did Jesus stop playing Hockey? Because he got nailed into the boards       (It's a joke not to insult anyone)
What's the difference between a boy scout and a jew? A boy scout comes home from camp
Why don't muslims drive trucks? I think it would be nice to know
What do you call a Jewish woman's boobs? Jewbs
Jewish car Have you heard about that new jewish car? Stops on a dime, and picks it up.
You know what, as a Jew, I'm getting really tired of these Jewish jokes. We need to stop giving them away for free and figure out a way to monetize them.
What's a Jewish dilemma? Half-priced ham.
The NRA asked what Jesus's favorite gun would be, and I said "a nail gun." I don't know why they got so offended.  Jesus was a carpenter.
The White Man, the Black Man and the Jew are summoned in front God "It is time to chose your noses for your particular races", said God.  "White man, how would you like your nose to look like?"  "Where we live it's quite cold so I would like to have a long nose so that the air could be warmed up a bit when we breath in."  "Black man, how would you like your nose to look like?"  "Where we live it is quite dark so I would like to have a flat nose in case one runs in to a tree with big nostrils that can take the impact.  "Jew, how would you like your nose to look like?"  The jew starts to think.  "Did you say that air is free?"  "Yes" responded God.  "Then I'll take the biggest nose you've got!"  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;
What did the Muslim cowboy say? Ji Haw! or Yee Had!
If you're Muslim and an angry-looking security guard asks you if you're Muslim, and you say no... Are you a wusslim?
What the different between reposts and Jews. Reposts can be funny.
What's the difference between Woody from Toy Story, and a Catholic priest? One goes limp when a child walks in the room.
When I told my date I was raised Catholic, she asked me right away whether I was molested as a child. I’m still butt hurt about it.
What do Muslim comics and Muslim extremist have in common They bomb
Could Jesus travel through time? As long as we’re making things up...
What was the most unbelievable miracle that Jesus performed? Having 12 close friends in his thirties. 
A Muslims favourite meat ... is lamb.
Jesus's miracle Who said Jesus didn't perform miracles? He found mates called Matthew, Mark, Luke and John just hanging about in The Middle East. 
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture of Jesus.
What the difference between jews and harry potter Harry got out of the chamber alive
Why do Jewish men get circumcised ? Cause Jewish women won't touch anything that's not 10% off.
'I Can see you and so can Jesus...' One night, a man was robbing a house. While doing so, a parrot started yelling out 'I can see you and so can Jesus. I can see you and so can Jesus'. The robber ignores this. The parrot keeps saying 'I can see you and so can Jesus. I can see you and so can Jesus'.   Eventually, the robber gets tired of this and says 'You're just a bird, you can't do anything!'  Parrot says 'That may be so, but Jesus...is a rottweiller'.
Good News! Jesus is Coming! Bad News!  He's bring terraforming equipment.
Muslims are boycotting Delta... Now making Delta the safest airline
The difference between Christian wives and Jewish wives? Christian wives have fake jewelry and real orgasms.
What do jews say when they get pissed? Auschwitz!
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe? A canoe tips
A Christian, a Jew, and a Black Guy walk into a bar. They all sit quietly and watch the Cleveland Browns game.
What did Jesus say to his followers at his last meal ? Don't cross me please.
A young gay Jewish man goes to see his mother. He says, "Mother, I just want you to know I am no longer gay."  "Oh son, that makes me so happy!"  He continues, "Not only that, but I'm engaged to a beautiful Jewish woman."  "Oh son, I'm so happy I could cry! What is her name?"  "Monica Lewinsky."  After a long pause his mother says, "Whatever happened to that nice Muslim boy you were dating?"
What did the jew say after soiling himself? Auschwit my pants
Whats Jesus's favorite gun? A nail gun
What do you call non-muslims that rides motorcycle? Kafir rider
What do you call a Muslim father who works at a supermarket? a Baghdad
100 Latin men and 1 Muslim walk in to a gay nightclub They dance the night away and get home safely.
Why did Jesus get all the ladies? Because he was hung like this (extends arms to sides)
How do muslims punish someone when behaving badly during Ramadan? Sending them to the north pole.
A&amp;P Question: What are the two primary motions in Catholic feet? Genuflection and supplication
Girls and Catholic priests atleast have one thing in common, they both have a thing for immature assholes
What do you call a Jewish Pokémon trainer? Ash.
Whats the difference between a Jew &amp; a Boyscout? The Boyscout comes back from camp.
What do you call a bear that is not Jewish? Gentile Ben
What do you call a thousand Jews on a train? [Religion] Nothing, they're never coming back.
Ancient artifacts hint Jesus may have had a wife and kids So he likely suffered a lot more than we think.
Why wasn't Jesus born in Ireland? God couldn't find three wise men and a virgin there.
Why did the Pope die with his mouth open? For the cumming of God.  *I will show myself out*
I love Jesus but I couldn't eat a whole one.
Why do you always take two Baptists fishing with you? Why do you always take two Baptists fishing with you?  If you only take one, he'll drink all your beer.
Jesus walks into a hotel He throws a bag of nails on the counter and says, "Can you put me up for the night?" 
Pope Francis stepped into a subzero He's a popesicle now
What do jews and people of GTA have in common? You get chased if you have a star
How do you make a Muslim's phone explode? Set it to airplane mode.
A Jew gets robbed The thief points a gun threateningly at the Jew, "Your money or your life!"  The Jew stops in his tracks and does nothing.  The thief waves the gun. "I said, your money or your life!!!!"  The Jew says, "I'm thinking, I'm thinking!"
It’s ridiculous that the pope has to go around surrounded by armed guards these days  I know he’s a priest but he’s not going to do anything out in public
I met a Muslim biker once... He was the Sergeant at harams
What's the difference between Santa and a Jew? Santa goes down the chimney.
A Christian, a Jew, and a Muslim are playing a role playing game... The Muslim says "I want to play as a Christian character to get a different viewpoint."  The Jew says "If that's the case then I would like to play as the Muslim, to get a different view point as well."  They both look over at the Christian and the Jew asks "what will your character be?"  The Christian responds "Fine. I'll be Juden..."
Jesus once said "He who lives by the sword, will die by the sword" He was a carpenter that died by being nailed to a piece of wood, so he might have had a point.    Edit: Hey /u/RogueDM1214 thanks for the gold!
What did Jesus say at the last supper? You guys wanna take a picture?  Ok come over to this side of the table.
How do Muslims introduce their sisters? I-SIS
10 Catholic priest all die in a bus accident When they arrive at the pearly gates, St Peter Acknowledges them. He sees that they're all priests and immediately says "If any of you a pedophiles, there's no point waiting here. You might as well fuck off straight to hell right now!".  9 of the priests turn around and begin to walk away.  St Peter calls after them. "AND TAKE THE DEAF BASTARD WITH YOU TOO!"
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? Go to Auschwitz with a dust pan.
Two jewish kids are fighting in the ghetto One of them throws ash on the other. He tells him: what a sisi, bringing his big brother
What did one jew say to the other jew? What did one jew say to the other jew?  We're toast 
The Pope is teaching a Sunday school class "Children" begins the Pope. "Where's Jesus today?"  Little Tommy says: "He's in my heart."  Little Barry says: "He's in Heaven."  Little Davey says: "He's in our bathroom."  The surprised Pope asks Little Davey how he knows this.  "Well," says Little Davey, "every day my Dad bangs on our bathroom door and yells 'Jesus Christ, are you still in there?"
Why is picture of Jesus better than Jesus himself? You only need one nail to hang up the picture.
A devout Catholic priest, who was a full believer in the literal sense of communion, walked into a bar and ordered a Bloody Mary. He felt guilty. For a long *period* afterwards.
What do you call a retarded Jew? Auschwistic  (or just, you know, a Jew.)
What does the INRI above Jesus mean on the cross? "I'm nailed right in"
So I knocked up my Jewish girlfriend; Now we have a little Jew in the over.
Muslims in the U.S.A [Removed]
I thought Popeye was my dad Because he's always chugging something from a can and beating up whoever my mom is fucking.
What is every Amish woman's dream? Two Mennonite.
It was a Jew who was responsible for the Titanic disaster, some guy named Iceberg.
My 11 y/o daughter picked this one up at school: What's the difference between Santa Claus and a Jew? Santa goes down the chimney.
Please do not judge all these Catholic Priests for what you've been hearing... They are all suffering from Porkin' sons Disease.
With Christmas coming up, my wife asked our 3 year old what do you know about Jesus? To which she replies "well I know he's a bad driver and a moron" Because every time I'm in the car with Daddy, all he ever says is "Jesus Christ learn how to drive you freaking  moron"
What does the NFL, NBA, and the Catholic Church have in common? They all have a cult following 
What does the Jew do with his tea? Hebrews it.
What does the Army call it's Muslim infantry units with vehicles? Mecca-nized infantry.   
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash 
A woman is skeptical of the fact that her son is the son of her Jewish husband. The woman asks him to provide proof.  "No problem!" the man replies. "Hey Jimmy, can I have $100?"  The boy runs away in terror at the offer.  "He's mine".  "Oh no no, I believe you now."
Jesus told John Come forth and receive eternal life.   But poor John came in fifth and received a toaster.
Two Jews meet in a NY subway a Jewish man who was riding on the subway reading an Arab newspaper. A friend of his, who happened to be riding in the same subway car, noticed this strange phenomenon.   Very upset, he approached the newspaper reader. "Moshe, have you lost your mind? Why are you reading an Arab newspaper?"   Moshe replied, "I used to read the Jewish newspaper, but what did I find? Jews being persecuted, Israel being attacked, Jews disappearing through assimilation and intermarriage, Jews living in poverty. So I switched to the Arab newspaper. Now what do I find? Jews own all the banks, Jews control the media, Jews are all rich and powerful, Jews rule the world. The news is so much better!" 
What's the worst part about being a black Jew? You have to sit in the back of the oven.
If Archimedes had been a Muslim, he would have said: gimme a place to stand Or I kill a hostage every hour.
A Jew goes up a ladder. As he reaches the top a pound coin falls from his pocket.  He climbed down to retrieve it and the coin hit him on the head.
Q: What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? A: Ash
A student got an F on his Muslim test Professor: *hands student test back*  Student: Shi-  Professor: *stares*  Student: Shiite! Of course the answer was Shiite!  Professor: *walks away*  Student: *says under breath* kill me now
A Jew and a Czech while on a trip are attacked by two bears, one male and one female.  The Jew is able to escape; however, the Czech gets eaten by the male bear. Being a good Samaritan the Jew alerts the park ranger that there are two bears on the loose, one of which has eaten his friend. The park ranger then proceeds to kill both of the bears. The Jew asks the park ranger if he can cut the male bear open, so he can retrieve his friend’s remains for a proper burial. The park ranger agrees and goes on to cut open the female bear; the Jew is confused and ask the park ranger why is he cutting the female open when he clearly said his friend is in the male bear. To which, the park ranger responds, “I never trust a Jew that tells me the check’s in the mail!”  
Why does jesus hate hockey? Because he kept getting nailed to the board
What do you call Jewish Sushi? ... Jewshi!
Questioner: Can you explain the birth of Jesus Christ from scientific point of view?  Me: OK, I’m not sure why it falls on me to be the one to tell you this, but I’m up for it, I guess. You see, when a mommy and a daddy love each other very much…  Questioner: No, no, no!  Me: What?  Questioner: I don’t want an explanation of where *babies* comes from. I want an explanation of where *this particular baby* came from!  Me. Um…OK. Sorry. \*looks confused, starts over\* You see, when a particular mommy loved a particular daddy very much…  Questioner: No, no, *no!*  Me: What?  Questioner: Jesus wasn’t born like regular parents. His mom was a virgin!  Me: Ohhh. Gotcha. Like Romulus and Remus.  Questioner: Who?  Me: The founders of Rome, according to the story. They were supposed to have been fathered by Mars. The god, not the planet.  Questioner: Right, but that’s just a story.  Me: \*raises eyebrows\*
Hitler went to a fortune teller and asked her “on what day will i die?” The seeress assured him that he will die on a jewish holiday. “Why are you so sure of that?”demanded Hitler. “Any day,” she replied, “on which you die will be a jewish holiday.”
The Pope goes to New York. He is picked up at the airport by a limousine. He looks at the beautiful car and says to the driver, ''You know, I hardly ever get to drive. Would you please let me?''  The driver is understandably hesistant and says, ''I'm sorry, but I don't think I'm supposed to do that.''  But the pope persists, ''Please?''  The driver finally lets up. ''Oh, all right, I can't really say no to the pope.''  So the pope takes the wheel, and boy, is he a speed demon! He hits the gas and goes around 100 mph in a 45 zone. A policeman notices and pulls him over. The cop walks up and asks the pope to roll down the window. Startled and surprised, the young officer asks the pope to wait a minute. He goes back to his patrol car and radios the chief.  Cop: ''Chief, I have a problem.''  Chief: ''What sort of problem?''  Cop: ''Well, you see, I pulled over this guy for driving way over the speed limit but it's someone really important.''  Chief: ''Important like the mayor?''  Cop: ''No, no, much more important than that.''  Chief: ''Important like the governor?''  Cop: ''Wayyyyyy more important than that.''  Chief: ''Like the president?''  Cop: ''More.''  Chief: ''Who's more important than the president?''  Cop: ''I don't know, but he's got the pope DRIVING for him!''
In this age of Teslas and other eco-conscious cars, what would Jesus drive? Duh, a Christler.
What do you call an non alkaline Jewish family. Hasidic
What do you call it when, during Ramadan, a Muslim man decides to eat during the morning? Break fast!
What does a Muslim man call a girl he is living in sin with? Haram bea
Don't ever mess with a Jewish Judge... Or you will fall under his Jewridiction.
Pope came to the balcony and said "Love All" People were ecstatic. then he threw a tennis ball in the crowd and said 15-love
Jesus and his disciples are sat around the Last Supper table... Jesus and his disciples are sat around the Last Supper table. They're all talking and debating when suddenly Jesus stands up from the table.  A hush falls across the room.  Jesus looks around, picks up a goblet of wine and says, ''This is my blood, take it and drink it''.  So he passes the goblet around and the disciples all take a sip.  He then picks up a loaf of bread and says, ''This is my body, take it and eat it''.  So he passes around the loaf and the disciples all take a bite.  He then reaches for a jar of mayonnaise and Judas pipes up, ''Ah now for fuck's sake Jesus''...
Today I found out I’m part Jewish and part German Maybe that’s why I hate myself so much
A drunk staggers into a Catholic Church, enters a confessional booth, sits down, but says nothing. The Priest coughs a few times to get his attention, but the drunk continues to sit there. Finally, the Priest pounds three times on the wall. The drunk mumbles, "Ain't no use knockin'! There's no paper on this side either!"
A little Muslim girl tells her husband: "I want to be a feminist when I grow up." Husband says: "You can do one or the other, you can't do both."
How do you get a jew girls number? Lift up her sleeve...
What is a Jew's least favorite animal ? A dolphin
A Jew walks into a bar Mitzvah
Judas, Judas, come to me! The day was the day that the Romans nailed Jesus to the cross for the sins of the people. Among the bystanders was one of Jesus' disciples, Judas. Up from the cross, Jesus called for Judas to approach him to the cross.   "Judas, Judas, come to me, I must tell you something." And off Judas went, but was quickly stopped by the Roman guards, and they cut off his left arm and threw him down to the crowd.   The very next day Jesus called for Judas again.    "Judas, Judas, come to me, I must tell you something." And again Judas approach Jesus on the cross but was quickly stopped by the Roman guards again. This time they cut off his second arm and tossed him back in the crowd.   The next day came, and once again Jesus called for Judas.   "Judas, Judas, come to me, I must tell you something." And Judas approached Jesus again but was yet again stopped by the Roman guards. This time they were so mad so they decided to cut off both his legs, and threw him down to the crowd again.   On the 4th day, Jesus called for Judas again.   "Judas, Judas, come to me, I must tell you something." And Judas started crawling up the stairs towards his master, but this time the guards felt sorry for the fellow trying to approach the cross, so they tossed him up there next to his master.   And Jesus said to Judas.   "Judas, Judas. I can see your house from here."
I told a Jesus joke and God broke my Keurig I was making coffee using my Keurig and asked my family  "How does Jesus make coffee" "Hebrews it!"  At this point, my Keurig stop working (it's never failed on me before) and I ask my family for help.  We try unplugging it and powering it off and on to no avail.  We stop attempting to make it work and I say  "I guess Jesus doesn't want to turn my water.......... In to coffee!"    
When does a Jewish fetus become a person? Right after grad school.
Just got news that Jesus got sent to prison. Yeah they really nailed him.
Why does Rihanna hate racing against a shit covered Jesus? Because Christ Brown always beats her
So Jesus can turn a Glass of Water into Wine Last night my drunk friend could turn a Glass of Water into Puke.
Why did the Jewish guy ask out a chick? Because he thought she would be a *cheep* date.
A Jewish man was drowning in the ocean A boat quickly comes to his rescue. The man refuses rescue, saying "no, God will save me."  A helicopter hovers over the man to rescue him. The man refuses rescue, saying "no, God will save me."   The man drowns. When he walks through the pearly gates, he sees God and asks why he wasn't saved.   God says, "What! I sent a boat. I sent a helicopter!"
How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a lightbulb? None. "Don't worry about me. You go out and have a good time. I'll just sit here in the dark."
A suicide bomber blew himself up and appeared before Allah He said, "Oh, Allah, I did your bidding, but I have a request. Since I'm only 18 and spent all my time in terrorist training school, I never was with a woman. So, instead of 72 virgins, who also won't know what to do sexually, can I have 72 prostitutes?"  Allah regarded him for a moment, then replied, "Actually, 72 virgins are here in heaven because bastards like you murdered them before they could experience the pleasure of sex. So you're here to service them. Since they're virgins, they're quite sexually ravenous; and, frankly, you'll be on constant, exhausting duty."  The bomber responded, "Well, I guess I can live with that. How hard can it be to keep 72 women satisfied for all eternity?"  And Allah replied, "Who said they were women?"
What is Jesus's favourite type of gun? A nail gun
How do you get a Jewish girls number? You pull up her sleeve.
Honk if you love jesus!  The other day I went to the local religious book store and I saw a "Honk if you love Jesus" bumper sticker. I bought it and put it on the back bumper of my car, and I'm really glad I did. What an uplifting experience followed!  I was stopped at the light at a busy intersection, just lost in thought about the Lord, and didn't notice that the light had changed. That bumper sticker really worked! I found lots of people who love Jesus. Why, the guy behind me started to honk like crazy. He must really love the Lord because pretty soon, he leaned out his window and yelled, "Jesus Christ!" as loud as he could. It was like a football game with him shouting, "Go Jesus Christ, Go!"  Everyone else started honking, too, so I leaned out my window and waved and smiled to all of those loving people. There must have been a guy from Florida back there because I could hear him yelling something about a sunny beach, and saw him waving in a funny way with only his middle finger stuck up in the air. I asked my two kids what that meant. They kind of squirmed, looked at each other, giggled and told me that it was the Hawaiian good luck sign. So, I leaned out the window and gave him the good luck sign back.  Several cars behind, a very nice man stepped out of his car and yelled something. I couldn't hear him very well, but it sounded like, "Mother trucker," or "Mother's from there." Maybe he was from Florida, too. He must really love the Lord.  A couple of the people were so caught up in the joy of the moment that they got out of their cars and were walking toward me. I bet they wanted to pray, but just then I noticed that the light had changed to yellow, and stepped on the gas. And it's a good thing I did because I was the only driver to get across the intersection. I looked back at them standing there. I leaned way out the window, gave them a big smile and held up the Hawaiian good luck sign as I drove away.
Two men fought their entire life about whether Jesus was Black or White. The two men died together in a car accident.  Finally when they reached the gates of heaven Jesus walked up to them and said "BUENOS DIAS!"  
If the Jewish population is 16.6 million people with a constant rate of change, what is 23% of the Jewish population after five years? Ashes 
Jesus finds his father Works best in Italian  Jesus walks along the street when he sees a sad old man sitting on a bench. He stops and asks him what his name is and why he is sad.   The old man says his name is Giuseppe (Italian for Joseph) and he has lost his son.   "How do you recognize your son?"   "He has nails in his hands and feet."   "Father!"   "Pinocchio!"    Edit : For those not getting this - Gepetto is an Italian diminutive for Giuseppe - Joseph. Gepetto was the wood carver who create Pinocchio and was his father.
what martial arts did Jesus practice? ..Jew Jitsu
Why is the pope Polish? Because it takes three of him to screw in a lightbulb.  *(Yes, I know the current pope ain't Polish. It's called absurdism, ya schmucks.)
I like my Jews like I like my juice. Concentrated. 
An Irishman and a baptist man walk out of a bar..... I'm kidding that would never happen
The Da Vinci Code talks a lot about it Jesus had a child... But what about the second cuming?
Did you guys know Abraham Lincoln was Jewish? He was shot in the temple. 
What is the difference between a jew and a Christian There is no difference. I don't discriminate when I kill.
What part of Popeye never gets rusty? The part he sticks in Olive Oyl!  &lt;Popeye laugh&gt;
Whats the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews Harry got out of the chambers alive
What do you call a retarded Jew? Auschwitistic
If Italian mobsters are Wiseguys, what do you call Jewish mobsters? Weissguys
What is the difference between a Jew and a book? I don't know, their ashes look the same to me.
How do you blow up a Muslim's iPhone? Put it into airplane mode.
What do you call a Jew with no chance of getting ahead? Bernie Sanders.
The woman shouldn't have divorced the muslim terrorist. She didn't realize what a great husband jihad.
How do you know if a Catholic girl puts out? Ask her about her relationship with her father
So in the old days Jesus told me that he needs an ark, I reply : "I noah guy"
How do you cure a Jewish kid of ADD By sending him to a concentration camp
Why didn't the Jews fight in WWII? They all went camping.
What is a Muslim's favorite chocolate? Jihadelli
While robbing a house a burglar hears Jesus is watching you As he continues to rob the house he hears this again and continues to be confused. Eventually he runs into a cage with a sheet over it. When he removes the sheet he finds a parrot inside the cage and asks it its name. The parrots tells him his name is Ralph the burglar then ask the parrot who Jesus is and the parrot replies “Jesus is the Rottweiler.”
Julius Cesar and the Pope decide to go into business by opening a chain of German salad restaurants.   They call it The Holy Romaine Empire.
Why doesn't Jesus like Christian rock music? &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  Because it fucking sucks
Why does a catholic priest wear a holy dress? To hide the alter boy underneath.
If the pope takes a shit.... Is that a holy shit moment?
I asked a fellow church member if I can make jokes about Jesus... They said "As long as you nail it."
What would Jesus do? Well he sure as hell would not make fucking orange popsicles.
A jewish guy gets knocked over by a car... A passer by runs over to check on him. He bundles up his coat into a pillow and places it under his head "Are you comfortable?" the stranger asks. He replies "Ach, I make a living."  Credit: Mel Brooks
Why did Judas carve the turkey? [Because he likes to stab things in the back](#s)
When do muslims go trick or treating? Allahween
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews? Harry Potter made it out of the chamber.
Did you hear the one about the Jewish terrorist? He was gonna hijack a plane but he didn't want to use his miles  Credit: Hesh from The Sopranos Note: I'm Jewish, not sure if that makes it better or worse ;-)
What does a Muslim cowboy shout on his horse? Jee hawd!!!!!!!!!!
My first submission, it used to play well with my father-in-law Two Jewish men, Ari and Hymie, were walking down a city street, whereupon they happened to pass in front of a Catholic church. The church had a big sign out in front saying:  **"Convert To Catholicism and Receive $10! Today Only!!"**  Hymie stopped and studied the sign with a contemplative look.   "No...", said Ari apprehensively, "tell me you're not actually considering converting!"  "I've been thinking about this, and today is as good of a day as ever," Hymie replied.  Ari stood there speechless as his old friend walked into the church. About fifteen minutes later, Hymie walked back out smiling.  "What happened Hymie!?" the still incredulous Ari asked, "How did it go??"  "Fine," Hymie assured him, "It was easy."  Ari seemed to relax as they resumed walking, but then stopped. "Wait...did you get the $10?"  Hymie looked at him with disdain and said, "What...is that all you people think of?!"
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer? Ash.
My science test was like Jesus and the Cross... I fucking nailed it.   Ok, I'll go now.
A Muslim greets a Butcher "Salem alikum" The butcher starts licking the salamis "Why are you doing that?" The Muslim asks "You said Salami, lick 'em" 
How does Jesus stay in shape? He does crossfit.
A Baptist preacher sits next to a cowboy on a flight... After the plane took off, the cowboy asked for a whiskey and soda, which was brought and placed before him.  The flight attendant then asked the preacher if he would like a drink.  Appalled, the preacher replied, "I'd rather be tied up and taken advantage of by women of ill-repute, than let liquor touch my lips."  The cowboy then handed his drink back to the attendant and said, "Me too, I didn't know we had a choice." 
2 historians on a newspaper: «So London is the 2nd major European capital to elect a Muslim mayor!» The other one looks throughout the article raising an eyebrow... «Which would the first one be?»  His peer, with a grin: «Constantinople ahahahahah fuck you»
Not all Muslims are terrorists... But most terrorists are Muslims.
What's the difference between Boy Scouts and Jews Boy Scouts come back from their camps 
Jews rated their trip to Auschwitz: ##**They all gave it one star.**       
How many Southern Baptists does it take to change a lightbulb? .....change??
How many jews does it take to screw in a lightbulb Give me a dollar and ill tell you
Why do feminist hate the bible? Because it ends with A-men
A Muslim terrorist goes to heaven.. .. and of course he meets the angel of heaven over there. "I have killed over 20 people in the last suicide bomb", said he, "where is my 72 virgins promise?"  The angel replied, "Yes of course! Here is the door wherein lies your reward!". The man goes inside and rushed out white with fright after a minute.  "Angel, ANGEL! I think there has been a mistake, what are those old ladies doing there!"  The angel said, "Yes we did promise you 72 virgins but we did not tell you how old they were supposed to be". 
I was astonished to learn that the meat in Subway was slaughtered in a traditional Muslim way. How do they fit a rucksack on a cow?
A Muslim walks into a gay bar And says "shots for everyone!" 
Why are Jews so good at racing? Because they used to step on the gas.
Jesus and Satan are having a furious argument... Jesus and Satan are having a furious argument as to who is the better computer programmer. They decide to hold a competition and ask God to be the judge. They set themselves up on their computers and begin. They type furiously, likes of code steaming up the screen, for several hours straight.   Seconds before the end of the competition, a bolt of lightning strikes, taking out the electricity. Moments later, the power is restored and God announces that the contest is over.   God asks Satan to show what he has come up with. Satan is visibly upset and cries 'I have nothing. I lost it all when the power went out.'   'Very well, then,' says God, 'Let us see if Jesus fared any better.' Jesus entered a command and the screen comes to life in a vivid display, the voices of an angelic choir pouring forth from the speakers.   Satan is astonished. He stutters, 'But how?! I lost everything, yet Jesus' program is intact? How did he do it?'  God chuckles, 'Everybody knows.. Jesus saves.'
Jesus loves you is a great thing to hear in church. But an awful thing to hear in prison. 
Why shouldn't we talk about Catholic Priests? It's a touchy subject.
What's the difference between Jesus &amp; a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
What would Burger Kings slogan be if Jesus founded it? Have it Yahweh
Pope: It's terrible kids taught they can choose gender that way he can't molest little boys who think they are girls, defeats the purpose
If Jesus could have sex on his birthday... That lucky girl would be covered in Christ-mist.
What happens when the pope dies Another one popes up
What do you call a pretty girl at an Amish church? A visitor.
Jesus asks God if the Paternity test came positive Yah, weh...   Jeshua.
What's the difference between Jesus and Bono? Jesus doesn't think he's Bono 
An Atheist is driving in Northern Ireland during the Troubles... And he gets stopped by a member of the RUC. The gruff RUC officer walks up to the window and asks him "Catholic or Protestant?" The Atheists looks at him and says "well I'm an atheist" The RUC officer nods "Oh okay, but a Catholic or a Protestant atheist?" (I have no idea what people outside Ireland know about the troubles)
what's the difference between a jew and a Catholic priest Nothing they've both taken something from children.
What do you call a movie without any Jews in it? Uncut
Jesus and floppy discs are very similar They both died to become the image of saving
What country has the lowest age of consent? Vatican City
What do you call a smart Muslim? Ex Muslim.
TIL Muslim extremists do not like pulled pork sandwiches. whoops, wrong sub.
A Priest, a thief, a Jewish schoolboy and Irishman die in a car crash... They stand before Saint Peter at the gates of heaven. Saint Peter looks at them and appears confused.  "My children" he says "There has been a mistake, you were not supposed to die today. I will allow you one more chance at life as long as you promise to love out the rest of your existence free of sin".  Eager to return to their lives the men all agree, and *POOF* they appear back on Earth. They stand awestruck, wondering if what they had just experienced was real or just a dream. The thief notices a woman walking with an expensive looking purse. Convinced that he had only imagined the gates of heaven he rushes and attempts to steal the purse and *POOF* he disappears. Realizing what just happened the others understand that they must truly live without sin. The Irishman looks to his left and sees a pub.  "One drink won't hurt" he says as he orders a pint. He lifts the cup to his lips and *POOF* he disappears. The Jewish schoolboy looks down and sees a coin that fell from the vanishing Irishman's pocket. He bends down to pick it up, fully aware that greed is a sin, and *POOF* the priest disappears. 
Jesus take the wheel Carlos and Jose help me carry the sofa 
What's the difference between Jesus and the Mona Lisa? Takes **ONE** nail to hang the Mona Lisa.
John is invited to meet the Pope. John is very anxious about the meeting. He spends hours picking the right suit and making sure his hair looks just right. After what seems like an eternity, John is satisfied with his appearance.  When John arrives to meet the Pope there are about 50 other people in line ahead of him, so John waits patiently at the back of the line.   Then the Pope walks into the room and begins working his way down the line. He gives the first man his blessing, then the second and third.   John noticed the fourth man in line appeared to be homeless. He had a filthy, well-worn jacket and dirty, unkempt hair. John also noticed that instead of giving this man his blessing, the Pope gave him a hug. Then the Pope moved on to give the fifth man his blessing and so on.   Well, John didn’t just want a blessing from the Pope when he could get a hug! So he flags down the homeless man and offers him $200 for his jacket. The homeless man agrees and John quickly changes into the raggedy garb and does his best to quickly undo the work he had put into his hair that morning. Before you knew it, John appeared to be homeless as well.   The Pope, now having worked his way down the line, is now looking directly at John. The Pope then leans in as if to give John a hug. John, very excited, leans in to hug the Pope.   The Pope then whispers in John’s ear “I thought I told you to get the fuck out of here.”
A jew and a goy are seated together in a train compartment. No one else joins them and as the train gets underway, the goy decides to engage the jew in a conversation. The goy asks the jew all sorts of questions about his religion. The jew patiently answers them all. Eventually they take out their pack lunches and continue the conversation. The goy asks:  « Why is it you people are so smart? »  The jew thinks about it for a while and responds:  « Must be our diet. »  The goy looks over at the jew’s lunch and sees a bunch of sardines. The goy comments:  « Ah yes, I’ve heard eating fish is good for the brains. But you jews aren’t the only ones who eat fish. Couldn’t account for why you people are especially clever. »  The jew looks at the goy for a while, then he seems to make up his mind.  « Ok, I like you so I’ll let you in on a little secret. It’s eating the heads that make us so smart. But not just any fish heads, they have to be prepared in a special way. »  The goy takes that in and then asks:   « Um, could I try one of yours? »  « Oh my friend, these are very special fish prepared with my mothers secret recipe. I can’t just give them out like candy. »  The goy, determined, offered the jew what he thought he wanted:  « I’ll pay for it! »  The jew seems affronted but then considers it.  « Well, I wouldn’t let them go for less than $100 a head. »  The goy is startled but stays determined and pays him for one. He starts chewing the head and bits get stuck in his teeth and his gums start bleeding but he powers through. He sits there, thinking and recovering, finally declaring :   « I don’t feel any smarter. »  « Well, you have to eat a few more before feeling smarter. »  « Fine! Give me more!! »  Finally, after having spent $300 more, the goy’s gums in tatters, even his tongue is bleeding, he sits there red-faced and breathing heavily. After 10 minutes, he turns angrily to the jew and says:  « I don’t feel any smarter at all! I think this was a scam!!! »  The jew smiles:  « Aha, you see! It works! You’re smarter already! »     Creds to my dad. He knew 3 jokes. This was one of them.
Moses,Jesus and a bearded man go golfing one day... Moses tees off and gives the ball an almighty whack. The ball flies through the air, spins and falls towards a water hazard. Just as the ball is landing, Moses parts the waters and the ball rolls onto the green.  Jesus goes next. He hits the ball straight towards the water again, but just before the ball splashes into the water, Jesus walks out and carefully chips the ball onto the green.  Finally, it's the bearded man's turn. He steps out and hits the ball, which flies towards the lake. In the nick of time, a frog grabs the ball with its mouth but then gets lifted into the air by an eagle. The frog opens its mouth in surprise, letting the ball drop towards the ground where it hits a passing truck and bounces into the hole. Hole in one!  Moses turns to Jesus and says, "I hate golfing with your dad."
What does the Jewish alchemist do in his spare time? Hebrew
How does Jesus celebrate Easter? He gets a manicure, pedicure, and has his nails polished.
What do you call a cheap Jewish prostitute? Ho low-cost.
Why wasn't Jesus born in Poland? Cause they couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin
Don't do any jokes about Jesus this Easter.. He's not the guy you'd want to cross...
Jesus Christ goes up to heaven... He walks up  an old man and says "Excuse me but I'm looking for my father.   The old man says "That's funny! I'm looking for my son!"  Jesus says "Well, actually, my father isn't really my father".  The old man says "That's funny! My son isn't really my son!"  Jesus says "My father was a carpenter".  The old man says "That's funny! I'M  a carpenter!!!"  Jesus throws his arms around the old man and say "Daaaaaad!"  The old many throws his arms around Jesus and says "Pinocchio!!!!"
P.S - im a muslim A guy goes in an adult store and asks for an inflatable doll.  The guy behind the counter says, “Male or female?”  The customer says, “Female”  The counter guy asks, “Black or white?”  The customer says, “White”  The counter guy asks, “Christian or Muslim?”  The customer says, “What the hell does religion have to do with it?”  The counter guy says, “The Muslim one blows itself up!”
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
What's a jew's least favorite kind of juice Juice made from concentrate
What do you call a Jewish host at a tea party? A tea-brew.
If Popeye liked escargot instead of spinach Would he be known as Popeye the Snailorman?
Whats the Irish for 'Muslim'? Islamadán
A Jew and an Arab go into a bakery. The Arab immediately steals three pastries and puts them in his pocket. He says to the Jew, “See how good I am? The owner didn’t see a thing.” The Jew says to the Arab, “That’s typical of you Arabs. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result.”   He goes to the owner of the bakery and says, “Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick.” Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. The Jew swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then the Jew swallows that one and asks for a third pastry and eats that, too.   The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, “So what did you do with the pastries?” The Jew replies, “Look in the Arab’s back pocket…..”
Jesus returns home from worship And leaves the front door open. Mary sees this and says  "Jesus! Close the door! Were you born in a barn?"   Jesus looks to Mary and says, "Yes mom I was." 
'The head of the Catholic Church is far superior to the head of the Church of England' ... said Sean, the promiscuous, and disloyal Altar Boy.
A fifteen-year-old Amish boy and his father were in a mall. They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again. The boy asked, 'What is this Father?' The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, 'Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is. 'While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a fat old lady in a wheel chair moved up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened, and the lady rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the boy and his father watched the small numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until it reached the last number... and then the numbers began to light in  the reverse order. Finally the walls opened up again and a gorgeous 24-year-old blonde stepped out. The father, not taking his eyes off the young woman, said quietly to his son.....'Go get your Mother! 
I have a fetish for Amish women. Best part about it?  They don’t expect you to call the next day! 
A muslim walks into a therapist's office. After listening to his story and evaluating him the therapist arrives at the conclusion.  His habits are self-destructive.
What was the Jewish kid on a swing doing? Annoying a sniper 
Jesus can walk on water Jesus can walk on Water. Babies are 75% Water. I can walk on babies. I am 75% Jesus.
What did the man say about the Jewish Bartender? Hebrewing up a storm!
A Nun Pun [x-post from /r/Catholicism] Fifth grade teacher Sister Agnes was leading her parochial school class in an arts and crafts activity; tie-dying t-shirts. A couple of unruly students were getting a bit reckless with their bottles of dye when they accidentally spilled several ounces of pink pigment down the back of Sister Agnes.  The jaws of every kid in the class dropped as they watched to see how the aging nun would react. Their amazement only grew as her worn and slightly faded garment repelled any evidence of a stain.  "Holy Mother of God!" one student exclaimed, "it's a miracle!"  Sister Agnes shrugged and went about her work without concern. "It's not a miracle," she replied. "Haven't you ever heard? Old habits dye hard!"
I am glad Jesus died Boy I am glad Jesus died because now around easter we get days off school which makes me happy. At least he didn't die for nothing
What do you call a Muslim woman with an opinion? A corpse.
Jesus is always watching. A burglar broke into a house one night. He shined his flashlight around, looking for valuables when a voice in the dark said, 'Jesus knows you're here.'  He nearly jumped out of his skin, clicked his flashlight off, and froze. When he heard nothing more, he shook his head and continued.  Just as he pulled the stereo out so he could disconnect the wires, clear as a bell he heard 'Jesus is watching you.'  Startled, he shined his light around frantically, looking for the source of the voice. Finally, in the corner of the room, his flashlight beam came to rest on a parrot.  'Did you say that?' he hissed at the parrot.  'Yes', the parrot confessed, then squawked, 'I'm just trying to warn you that he's watching you.'  The burglar relaxed. 'Warn me, huh? Who in the world are you?'  'Moses,' replied the bird.  'Moses?' the burglar laughed. 'What kind of people would name a bird Moses?'  'The kind of people who would name a Rottweiler Jesus.' 
So a Jewish guy and a Chinese guy walk into a bar right And there's this naked priest just sitting there...  (Notices naked priest): Oh, sorry father.  Naked Priest: Oh that's alright, I've heard them all.
What did the jewish man do to make beer? He brew.
Have you heard about the car made for Jews? It’s really bad on gas
There was a poor homeless who suffered on the streets. One day, he found a copy of The Bible and his whole life changed Now he has a nice fire to keep him warm and enough paper to wipe his ass
I'm going to convert to a Muslim. When I die I want to go out with a bang.
Why do Catholic school girls have body image issues? Because they have the impossibly thin body of Christ shoved in their faces everyday
How many Muslims does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. We just sit in the dark and blame it on the Jews.   (I am Muslim. I am entitled to make fun of myself.)
What does Judas eat when he goes hiking? Betrayal Mix.
What happens when a Mormon knocks on an Amish family's door? Nothing, they are busy out in their fields. G'day to you now.
What do you call an insect in a Muslim place of worship? A mosque-ito!
A Jewish man on the subway is reading an Arab newspaper. A friend of his, who happened to be riding in the same subway car, noticed this strange phenomenon. Very upset, he approached him. "Moshe, have you lost your mind? Why are you reading an Arab newspaper?" Moshe replied, "I used to read the Jewish newspaper, but what did I find? Jews being persecuted, Israel being attacked, Jews disappearing through assimilation and intermarriage, Jews living in poverty. So I switched to the Arab newspaper. Now what do I find? Jews own all the banks, Jews control the media, Jews are all rich and powerful, Jews rule the world. The news is so much better!"
What is Hitler's favorite kind of Jews? I don't know. Ask-a-nazi.
What's the difference between jews and scouts? The scouts come home from the camp.
[NSFW] Why can't Gary be a jew? Cause one was already Ash.
Jewish pokemon trainer What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer?  Ash
The pope is riding in the back seat of a limo. The pope asks the driver "Would you mind if I sat up in the front seat next to you?"  The driver agrees "Yes, of course, but why wouldn't you want to sit back there?"  "Because people always treat me too well and I would just like a little bit of change for once."  The driver stopped the car and let the pope sit next to him.  A few minutes pass, and the pope asks the driver if they can swap clothing.  The driver says "sure" and asks why.  "The clothes I'm wearing are so hot," the pope responds, "your's looks much more comfortable."  The driver stops the car and they swap clothes.  Another minute passes and the pope asks if he can drive.  The driver asks why, and the pope says that he wants some freedom for once.  The car is stopped and the pope takes the wheel.  Instantly the pope begins driving as fast as he can.  They drift around corners and run through red lights.  A siren goes off and after a short chase they get pulled over.  The cop walks up to the limo and looks through the window.  His eyes widen.  Immediately the cop calls his boss.  "Hey, what should I do if I caught an important person speeding?"  His boss replies "Give them a ticket, how important can they be?"  The cop says "Very important."  "Who is this? The governor or something?"  "More important."  "A supreme court member?"  "More important."  The boss is getting confused.  "Is this the president?"  "More important."  The boss is getting angry.  "WHO IN THE WORLD IS THIS MAN?"  "I don't know, but the pope is his driver." 
Whats the difference between a catholic priest and acne? The priest doesn't wait for you to hit puberty to come on your face.
What do you call a muslim flying a plane? The pilot, you racist!
if jesus died for our sin... Who died for our cos and tan?
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? With a broom and a dustpan.
What do the Amish call a horse with gas? Air conditioning.
A bus full of catholic school girls gets in a horrible accident. Sadly all on the bus perished and are waiting in line at the pearly gates.  St Peter approaches the first girl in line.  "Mary Margaret, I have one question for you, and it is of the utmost importance that you answer truthfully.  Have you ever touched a penis?"  Mary blushed a little bit.  "Well, yes, I have.  I once reached into a boys pants and touched his penis with the tip of my finger.  But that was all."  "Very well Mary.  Dip your finger into this holy water and then you may enter Heaven."  St Peter then approaches the next girl in line.  "Anne Beth, have you ever touched a penis?"  "Yes, I once reached in a boys pants and grabbed his penis."  "Very well," said St Peter "Dip your hand in holy water and enter the Kingdom of Heaven.  At this point in time there is a commotion in the back of the line, as one of the girls is pushing her way up the line.  "Katherine Anne, you need to wait till it's your turn."  St Peter strictly informed the girl.  "No, I'm not staying in the back of the line.  There's no way I'm rinsing my mouth out with that holy water if Karen has to wash her ass out with it first!"
Apparently there’s a new trend where men have been putting jewelry on their testicles I’ve heard they’re pretty nuts
The athiest lost a lot of self esteem when someone said he looked just like Jesus. He just didn't believe in himself anymore.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  (Reposted because the first time I put "Jessus" and that just makes it seem like an atheist lost his confidence because someone said he looked like a mexican and that just doesn't make sense)
Why does Popeye eat so much spinach? Because it goes great with Olive Oyl.
Chairman Mao was a keen rock climber who managed to scale all the top ten peaks of China. He commemorated his achievement by getting his ears pierced and adding 10 pieces of jewellery to represent each peak. he was....(ahem)....MaoTenEarring.
Why don't Jews believe in the New Testament? They're not buying it
How do you get six million jews into a car? You build a really big car. 
How do you please an Amish woman? Give her two Mennonite
How do you fit 6 million Jews into a car? Send them to clown school.
What do your mom and Jesus have in common? They both got nailed
Why where jews hitlers fuel of choice? Because there so damn cheap!
So Jesus walks into a temple... and he preaches using the usual parables telling his disciples that they're as fishermen to catching fish the gentiles and when he's done, Jesus leaves but a priest comes and tells Jesus he must pay the temple tax. So Jesus says to him, go a find a fish and have it cough up a coin and use that to pay the temple tax. So the priest goes to a gentile and tells him to cough up the money.
Why is Harry Potter better than Jews? He made it out of the chamber.
A Jews mother dies... And he decides to send her back to Israel, per her will, to be buried. So he sends the coffin back with a letter atop the casket. His brother opens it and it reads:   Dear brother,   Ima died and wants to be laid to rest here. Please follow her request and bury her here. Also, I have sent kosher cheeses within the casket for Binyamin. There are also condiments near the cheeses for consumption. There is fresh toothpaste in the crook of her arm for Bluma. She has gold necklaces around her neck. Those are for your wife.   The reeboks on her foot, those are for you, my brother. She also has five Nike shirts on that I got on clearance for my nephews. She also has blankets underneath her for all of you. She also has the special lingerie on that Sister requested. Please preserve her dignity and bury her as soon as possible.  P.S. If you need anything else, just ask. Abba-leh (dad) is not feeling well  *This joke was originally told in Urdu about Mehmans, who in Pakistan are stereotyped very similarly to Jews. I also heard it orally but I hope I captured its essence*
Why do Jewish people have circumcised penises? Because they're 20% off
Ever wonder why Jewish girls are so hot? its because the nazis put them in ovens.
Why is a Jewish canoe the safest boat to be in? It never tips!  Bonus: How do you pick up a Jewish girl? With a dustpan and a broom.
What's the difference between a zit, and a Catholic priest? The zit will wait until your twelve before it comes on your face
Two amish women are in a field harvesting potatoes. One amish woman holds up two potatoes and sighs.   The other amish woman says "What's the matter?"  "These potatoes remind me of my husband's testicles." replied the first woman.   "Oh, that big?"  said the second woman.   "No, that dirty."
An old lady in front of me dropped a $20 note, so I asked myself, "what would Jesus do?" So I turned it into wine. I bought wine.
Muslims are like the common cold and SJWs are like AIDS. It’s easy to fight off a cold unless you have AIDS.
Jewish Bra A young Jewish man walks into the Lingerie Department of Macy's in New York. He tells the saleslady, "I would like a Jewish bra for my wife size 34 B."  With a quizzical look the saleslady asked, "What kind of bra?"  He repeated, "A Jewish bra. She said to tell you that she wanted a Jewish bra, and that you would know what she wanted."  "Ah, now I remember," said the saleslady. "We don't get as many requests for them as we used to. Most of our customers lately want the Catholic bra, or the Salvation Army bra, or the Presbyterian bra."  Confused, and a little flustered, the man asked "So, what are the differences?"  The saleslady responded. "It is all really quite simple. The Catholic bra supports the masses, the Salvation Army lifts up the fallen, and the Presbyterian bra keeps them staunch and upright."  He mused on that information for a minute and said: "Hmm. I know I'll regret asking, but what does the Jewish bra do?"  "Ah, the Jewish bra," she replied "makes mountains out of molehills.
[OC]Not all heroes wear capes, like Jesus Even though he did wear a cape when he was a professional Mexican wrestler
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
Why are Jewish people so funny? They tell the best racist jokes. 
A Muslim opens a cafe in Hawaii called Aloha Snackbar Business is booming.
Catholic priests are like Spinal Tap's amps ...they go up to 11.
A former jewelry store clerk had their job application denied at the local bowling alley. "Clearly you don't have the right kind of balls for this business!" the manager furiously said.
Why did the pope go to the toilet? To make holy water
What is the best proof for muslim being the real religon? Everything started with an explosion.
I am of Irish descent, so hopefully this one works. An Italian, a Jew, and an Irishman are stranded on a desert island. They find a magic lamp, and when the genie comes out he says he will give one wish to each of them.  The Italian says, “Send me back to the old country where the wine is good and the women are beautiful.”  The Jew says, “Send me back to the holy land where I can walk among the landmarks and spend the rest of my days in prayer.”  The Irishman pulls a long face and says, “It’s awfully lonely here now.  I wish that my friends would come back.”
What did Jesus feel before he was nailed to the cross? Pins and Needles
Just attended my first ever Muslim birthday party. Musical chairs was a bit slow... But fuck me pass the parcel was really fast.
A train hits a bus full of Catholic highschool girls They all arrive at the pearly gates, waiting in line to enter heaven.  St. Peter asks the first girl, "Mary, have you ever had any contact with a penis?" She giggles and shyly replies, "Well I once touched the head of one with the tip of my finger." St. Peter says, "Well, dip the tip of your finger in The Holy Water and pass through the gate."  St. Peter asks the next girl the same question, "Jennifer have you ever had any contact with a penis?" The girl is a little reluctant but replies, "Well once I fondled and stroked one." St. Peter says, "Then dip your whole hand in The Holy Water and pass through the gate."   All of a sudden there is a lot of commotion in the line of girls. One girl is pushing her way to the front of the line. When she reaches the front of the line, St. Peter says, "Lisa! What seems to be the rush?"   The girl replies, "If I'm going to have to gargle with that Holy Water, I want to do it before Tiffany sticks her arse in it..."  Edit: I genuinely did not know this is a repost, but thanks for all the reminders. I had never heard it before and thought I'd share.
Why does Jesus wear Crocs? Because they're holy.
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight  He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope. Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief. Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure." Chief: "How important? A governor or something?" Cop: "No sir. He's bigger." Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?" Cop: "More important, sir." Chief: "A major politician?" Cop: "No sir, he's much more important." Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?" Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
Jesus Christ walks into a motel. He goes up to the innkeeper, hands him three nails and asks, "Can you put me up for the night?"
What did the Muslim Zoophiliac say when he found out his friend was a beekeeper? "Dicks out for Haram Bee"
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit? At least a zit waits until you're a teenager before it cums on your face!   
The weather in England is like the Muslims in Iraq. It's either Sunni, or Shiite.
The Jew and the General It's 1967 just before the 6-Day war is about to take off between Israel vs. Egypt, Jordan, and Syria. Egypt is marching its million-man army across the Sinai right up to Israel's border when all of a sudden a Jew pops up from a sand dune and yells at the Egyptian General, "General, I don't advise moving any further, we wouldn't want one of your men to sprain their ankles". Enraged, the General looks to one of his commanders and says, "Get me that Jew!" And in an instant, the Jew is gone with the commander in pursuit.  Hours pass by and the Jew pops up from the sand dune and says, "General, I told you, take your Army and go home. Your business is not here". Furious, the General orders another commander, "take your best men and get me that JEW!" Once again, the Jew disappears from the sand dune with the commander and his men in pursuit.  Hours pass when all of a sudden the Jew pops up from the sand dune once more and seems impatient, "General, I'm not going to tell you again - take your Army and go home". The General is fuming at this point and just as he's about to order all of his men over the sand dune to get the Jew, the first commander, all battered and bloodied, pulls himself over the dune and yells, "General, General! Don't fall for it, it's a trap! **There's two of them**".
A muslim, a black guy, a mexican, and a white american are all in a plane that is falling and about to crash. The plane is falling due to it being over-weight. The muslim falls into action and begins to throw his bombs out of the window. They all ask him why he did that and he replies, "I already have a lot of those in my country." The mexican begins to throw out his bottles of tequila. They ask him why and he responds with, "I already have alot of those in my country." The black guy then begins to throw out his fried chicken and watermelons. They ask him why he did that and he replies with, "I already have a lot of those in my country." The muslim, black guy, and mexican then look at the white american waiting to see what he would sacrifice to save the falling plane. He quickly shoves the black guy and the mexican off the plane. The now shocked muslim asks him "Why did you do that?!" The white american calmly replies "I already have a lot of those in my country."
What did the Muslim say to her husband? Baaaaaaah (goat sounds)
My Jewish mate has been with his Tourette's suffering girlfriend for years now.   I always wondered what kept them together.   Then I saw the swear jar.
Why are Jews so good at basketball? They keep making 6-pointers.
An Englishman, an Irishman, a Scotsman, a feminist, a socialist, a conservative, a lesbian, a Christian, a disabled person and a Jew walk into a bar... The barman says "what a wonderful example of an integrated society".
What's the worst part about getting pizza with a jew? It can never be from the oven.
What's the difference between a jeweler and a jailer? A jeweler sells watches and a jailer watches cells
What do you say to a Jewish New Zealander this time of year? Happy Hakanuh! 
What do you Call a Six Fingered Jew? Lucky...     I know it sucks...
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the jews? Harry survived the chamber.
The little black jewish boy... A black Jewish boy runs home from school one day and asks his father, “Daddy, am I more Jewish or more black?” The dad replies, “Why do you want to know, son?” “Because a kid at school is selling a bike for $50 and I want to know if I should talk him down to $40 or just steal it!”
Jesus Christ is dying on the cross... ... and his disciples are gathered around, crying.   Peter, looks up and notices that Jesus seems to be calling him, "Peter, Peter, come!". Peter rushes over to the cross, only to have his right arm cut off by the roman guard. He gets up and wants to return to the other disciples when he hears Jesus calling again, "Peter, Peter, come!" So, again Peter tries to climb the cross to get to his lord, when the roman soldier draws his sword and chops Peter's other arm off. Peter is getting a little pissed and wants to go back to his buddies, but again Jesus screams for him. The roman guard can't believe that Peter is trying yet AGAIN to climb to the cross, and chops off a leg this time. Peter is now covered in blood and demented from the blood loss and wants to call it a day. Jesus hoarsly croaks, "Peter, please, come to me!" By now, the roman gurad has had enough and lops off peters other leg. Lying in a pool of blood he can hear the faint voice of his lord and saviour calling to him. The guard overcome by some emotion akin to sympathy, decides to let Peter be. The faithful disciple struggles to climb the cross, dragging himself by his chin, and after a long while he finally arrives at his Lord's side. Hurting, suffering, bleeding, Peter looks into his Master's eyes with love and wonderment (and a little anger) and asks, "yes, my Lord. What is it?" Jesus smiles lovingly and looks off into the distance as a weak smile plays across his face, "peter, Peter, look, I can see your house from here!"
I once dated a strict Catholic from the south of Ireland I'll tell you what, you can take the girl out of Cork....   
How do Jewish children tie their shoes? With little Knotsies!
How do you stop a Muslim coming suicide? Defuse the bomb.
Where do muslim people go when they die? Allah-ver the place
What did one Muslim say to the other? You da bomb
What's the difference between Catholics and Baptists?  Catholics wave at each other in the liquor store.
Where do Muslim people go when they die? Everywhere  
The Pope is in his car... The Pope is being driven around by his chauffeur when he tells the chauffeur  'Can I drive?'  The chauffeur thinks he is being crazy but lets him have a go driving anyway.  The Pope starts speeding loads - double the speed limit and then suddenly the police pull him over.  A police man knocks on the window and the Pope rolls it down.  The policeman, in disbelief, goes over to his colleague and says  'Come over here'  And his colleague says  'I don't care what you show me, book the guy. You saw how fast he was going, right?'  'Yeah but come over here.'  'What is it?'  'Look at that guy in the back.'  'He looks completely normal...'  'You say that but he must be very important. He has the Pope as his chauffeur!'
“Jewelry, my dear. Jewelry.” A mother is in the kitchen making dinner for her family when her daughter walks in. “Mother, where do babies come from?” The mother thinks for a few seconds and says, “Well dear, Mommy and Daddy fall in love and get married. One night they go into their bedroom, they kiss and hug, and have sex.” The daughter looks puzzled so the mother continues, “That means the daddy puts his penis in the mommy’s vagina. That’s how you get a baby, honey.” The child seems to comprehend. “Oh, I see, but the other night when I came into your room you had daddy’s penis in your mouth. What do you get when you do that?” “Jewelry, my dear. Jewelry.”
How do you call a Jewish Pokemon Trainer? Ash.
What do you call a muslim on a plane? A passenger.
What does a Jewish barista do? He brews!
Muslims are good people because they take people around them along to meet Allah.
Two Jewish women are on a bench One turns to the other and says "meh" The other responds "eh" The first one replies "but enough about the children"
How many Jews can you fit in a car? Two in the front ,two in the back, one in the boot and fifty in the ashtray. 
A jewish boy asks his father for 50 dollars His dad says "40 dollars? what the hell do you need 30 dollars for?!"
A man walks into a Jewish bakery... and asks the cashier, "Excuse me, what's the challah cost?"
A little black jewish boy. A little black Jewish boy says to his daddy, "Dad am I more black or Jewish?"  "Why do you ask?", says the Dad.  The boy says, "Well a guy at school has a bike for sale for $150 and I can't decide if I want to haggle him down to $100 or just steal it."
A Jewish Lady was stranded A JEWISH LADY named Mrs. Rosenberg many years ago was stranded late one night at a fashionable resort - one that did not admit Jews. The desk clerk looked down at his book and said, "Sorry, no room. The hotel is full."  The Jewish lady said, "But your sign says that you have vacancies." The desk clerk stammered and then said curtly, "You know that we do not admit Jews.   Now if you will try the other side of town..." Mrs. Rosenberg stiffened noticeable and said, "I'll have you know I converted to your religion." The desk clerk said, "Oh, yeah, let me give you a little test. How was Jesus born?"  Mrs. Rosenberg replied, "He was born to a virgin named Mary in a little town called Bethlehem." "Very good," replied the hotel clerk. "Tell me more." Mrs. Rosenberg replied, "He was born in a manger." "That's right," said the hotel clerk. "And why was he born in a manger?"  Mrs. Rosenberg said loudly, "Because a jerk like you in the hotel wouldn't give a Jewish lady a room for the night”
Irving Goldman, the only Jewish fighter pilot during the Battle of Britain, was invited to give a talk about his experiences at a local synagogue... After his introduction, he begins retelling the story of one particular dogfight.   "Well, there was a fukker to the left of me, and a fukker to the right of me, and another fukker right behind me..."  A little taken aback by the astonished faces of the congregation, the local Rabbi quickly interjected, "Just to clarify, 'Fokker' was a German aircraft manufacture", much to the relief of the audience.  Mr Goldman then replied, "That's true, but these fukkers were Messerschmidts!!" 
A funny joke indeed A new pastor was visiting the homes of his parishioners.  At one house it seemed obvious that someone was at home, but no answer came to his repeated knocks at the door. Therefore, he took out a card and wrote "Revelation 3:20" on the back of it and stuck it in the door.  When the offering was processed the following Sunday, he found that his card had been returned. Added to it was this cryptic message, Genesis 3:10."  Reaching for his Bible to check out the citation, he broke up in gales of laughter.  Revelation 3:20 begins "Behold, I stand at the door and knock." Genesis 3:10 reads, "I heard your voice in the garden and I was afraid, for I was naked."
A little Muslim kid can't find his mother A little Muslim kid, crying, can't find his mother in a supermarket.  The store attendant asks, "What does your mother look like?"  The kid says.. "I have no fucking idea."  
How does a promiscuous Amish woman measure her sexual escapades? In Mennonite.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang up the picture.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus Only one of them is real
Just read a children's book about the pope.... Boy was it touching!
A Jewish Christmas I once asked a Jewish friend how he and his family celebrated Christmas. He recalls how when he was a young boy, his grandfather was a furrier. Early in September, the furs started coming in and his grandfather started working the furs and turning them into coats. Over the months, his shop would steadily fill up with coats till every rack was as full as possible. Winter finally came, then Christmas and my Jewish friend and his whole Jewish family would visit the shop on Christmas day. They would stand in the middle of the shop and look at all the empty racks without a single coat remaining and exclaim, "what a friend we have in Jesus!" 
Why do drug dealers love Muslims? Because they are always stoned.
"Jesus, I've come to you for redemption," I pleaded. "Sorry sir, that coupon is no longer valid," said the Mexican store keeper.
Santa Clause and a Jew [NSFW] Whats the difference between Santa Clause and a Jew? Santa Clause comes down the Chimney.
Little known quotes from the Bible. Jesus Christ "So, you want me to be king of the Jews and cut the tip off my what ?" Lesser known Quote "But I don't like fish sandwiches". 
God judges Satan vs Jesus in computer programming war. God tells Satan and Jesus they are supposed to create the perfect computer program.   Satan starts off strong and within the first fifteen minutes has the rough architecture of his program figured out and designed.  30 minutes in and Satan is cruising along. Satan is getting all the layers the way he wants them  and is getting ready to put the finishing touches on his program.   As Satan is polishing off his program at the 45 minute mark the power goes out.  Satan starts his computer up and he has lost everything.   Satan is furious but thinks to himself that it is ok because Jesus has lost power too and they will be in the same position.   Satan is hammering away with his claws trying frantically to get his program back to where it was but God calls time and asks Satan for his program.  God Judges Satans program and it performs absolutely terribly. Satan isn't concerned due to the fact that Jesus had the same issue.  God then asks for Jesus's program and uses it. Works flawlessly.  Satan is flabbergasted as to how Jesus could recover after the power outage and asks God how it was possible.  God looks at Satan and says...  Jesus saves
A train hits a bus filled with Catholic school girls and they all perish.  They are in heaven trying to enter the pearly gates when St. Peter asks the first girl, ' Tiffany, have you ever had any contact with a male organ?  She giggles and shyly replies, 'Well, I once touched the head of one with the tip of my finger.' St. Peter says, ' Okay, dip the tip of your finger in the Holy Water and pass through the gate.'  St. Peter asks the next girl the same question 'Jennifer, have you ever had any contact with a male organ?' The girl is a little reluctant but replies, 'Well, once I fondled and stroked one.' St. Peter says, ' Okay, dip your whole hand in the Holy Water and pass through the gate.'  All of a sudden, there is a lot of commotion in the line of girls. One girl is pushing her way to the front of the line. When she reaches  the front, St. Peter says, 'Reeva, What seems to be the rush?'  The girl replies, 'If I'm going to have to gargle that Holy Water, I  want to do it before Jessica sticks her ass in it.'
What do you call a Jew with no money? A Liar
Quavo met jesus and they had a talk. What kind of talk you ask. Well they had a L A M B T A L K
Jesus walks into an inn... Puts 3 nails on the counter and asks the innkeeper "Can you put me up for the night?" 
In the Catholic church of a small town, there was this big, human-sized statue, so a drunk man came in to "talk" to it.. The drunk man said: "I know you're miraculous, so give me some money that i need or i will throw you to the ground and break you" and left.  The Priest, who was in the church overheard the conversation thought that it would be bad for the Church and its believers if the statue got broken, so he took some money and put it there.  The drunk man came back saw the money, thanked the miracle and left. But a few hours later he came back drunker, and talked to tje statue again: "I need more money, and if you don't give it to me, i'll break you"  The priest overheard the conversation again and he thought it was not possible for him to keep giving money to the drunk man or he won't stop.  He remembered he had a smaller statue in his office and decided to switch them, so if the drunk man broke the small one it wouldn't be a big deal.  When the drunk man came back looking for the statue, he just saw the small one, aproached to it and said:  "Hey little boy, didn't your dad leave some money for me"
A Jewish Grandmother was at the beach... A Jewish grandmother and her grandson are at the beach. He is playing in the water; she is standing on the shore not wanting to get her feet wet. Suddenly, a huge wave appears from nowhere and crashes directly onto the spot where the boy is wading. The water recedes and the boy is no longer there. He is swept away! She holds her hands to the sky, screams and cries, "Lord, how could you? Haven't I been a wonderful grandmother? Haven't I been a wonderful mother? Haven't I kept a kosher home? Haven't I given to B'nai B'rith? Haven't I given to Hadassah? Haven't I lit candles every Friday night? Haven't I tried my very best to live a life that you would be proud of?"  A voice booms from the sky, "Okay, Okay!"  A few minutes later another huge wave appears out of nowhere and crashes on the beach. As the water recedes, the boy is standing there, smiling, splashing around as if nothing had ever happened. The voice booms again, "I have returned your grandson. Are you satisfied?"  She responds, "He had a hat.....
What do you call a Catholic Priest that's trying to quit smoking? A serial vapist
A Soviet Jew finally got an exit visa to Israel. He packs his stuff and one of the things he takes with him is a giant painting of the General Secretary.   At the border, the Soviet customs officer asks him: "Why would you take such a painting with you to Israel"?   The Jew answers: "If I get homesick in Israel, I just take at the painting of our great leader and all will be fine."   Later, at the border control in Israel, the customs officer asks him: "Why the devil would you take a painting of this scumbag with you to Israel?!"   The oleh chadash answers him: "If I should ever got homesick, I'll just have to look at this painting and I'll remember what my real home is."   After some time, a friend visits the oleh in his apartment and asks: "What's this painting of the General Secretary doing here?"   He answers him: "Who gives a shit who's on the painting, the frame is solid gold!" 
Jesus Christ is dying on the cross his disciples are gathered around, crying. Peter looks up and notices that Jesus seems to be calling him, “Peter, come hither!”  Immediately Peter rushes over to the cross, only to be hit severely over the head by the roman guard. He gets on his feet again and wants to return to the other disciples when he hears Jesus calling again, “Peter, come hither!”  So, again Peter tries to climb the cross to get to his lord, when the roman soldier draws his sword and chops Peter’s arm off. Peter is getting a little pissed and wants to go back to his buddies, but again Jesus summons. The roman guard can’t believe that Peter is trying yet AGAIN to climb to the cross, and chops off another arm. Peter is now covered in blood and demented from the blow to the head and wants to call it a day. Jesus hoarsly croaks, “Peter, please, come to me!”  By now, the roman guard is tired of chopping limbs, so he lets Peter be. The faithful disciple struggles to reach near the cross and after a long while he finally arrives at his Lord’s side. Hurting, suffering, bleeding, Peter looks into his Master’s eyes and asks, “yes, my Lord. What is it?”  Jesus smiles lovingly and looks off into the distance as a weak smile plays across his face, “Look Peter, I can see your house from here!”
A wealthy Catholic man travels to the Vatican City to see the Bishop of Rome in person, and hopes to meet him. Wearing his finest suit, he prays to God that he might be able to meet the Holy Father.  During the morning’s Papal procession, he manages to work his way to the front of the barrier as the Pontiff walks by.  Instead of blessing him, His Holiness completely ignores him, yet stops several feet past to stoop down and talk to a ragged-looking hobo. The wealthy man is insanely jealous, considering he traveled all this way just to be shunned.  He later finds this homeless-looking person and offers him his own fine suit as well as $5,000 in exchange for the raggedy clothes. Eternally grateful, the hobo hastily hands the wealthy man his clothes and thanks the Virgin Mary for such a miracle.  The following day, the wealthy man, now wearing his “new” ragged clothes, works himself back to the front of the barrier as close to the same spot where the hobo was before. Sure enough, as the Pope came down the procession, he stopped by the man, bent down to speak, and whispered in his ear:  “I thought I told you to fuck off yesterday!”
Jesus was a carpenter But, couldn’t pull a nail to save his life
Have you heard my vegan Judas Priest tribute band? 'Hell Bent For Pleather'
The Catholic church wants more people interested in priesthood. They have got a lot of bad publicity lately so they just released a new campaign. They are offering scholarships for 100 lucky boys that can attend private school to become a priest for free.   Their slogan: "Find the priest inside of you."
How did the celibate Catholic priest become a father-in-law? He graduated law school.
I didn't have the heart to tell the Jewish girl I met at the bar when she asked for my number... I didn't have the heart to tell her we call each other by our names here
The World's First Transgendered Muslim An easy way to sum up Britain right now. 
The Amish girl was kicked out of her church Too Mennonite. 
How do you get a Jewish girl's number? Roll up her sleeve.
Have you heard of the new Jewish wine?? "I wanna go to miaaami" 
What do you call a sick smoker attending the catholic mass ? Winston™ Church-ill
Jesus Joke Who killed Jesus and then said  "Aaaar, Matey"?   Pontius Pirate 
If the bread during the sacrament represents Jesus' body... ...why don't we nail the bread to the table?
The Pope is SUPER early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
What did the Jewish Santa say when going down the chimney? Hey kids! Wanna buy some presents?!
Hitler didn't see Jews as animals. He was a vegan.
Difference between boy scouts and jews At least boy scouts come home from camp
Yesterday, my Muslim friend ask me if I want to breakfast together It was stupid to wait at his door on 9am.
A rabbi and a Catholic priest were talking When the priest asked the rabbi - "When will you ever eat from my food?"  To which the rabbi immediately responded - "At your wedding"
I know Muslims can't eat pork. Islam ok though?
The Queen of England and the Pope were at a public Mass in Dublin... The Queen of England and the Pope were at a public Mass in Dublin.  As the two of them sat up on the stage, the Queen leans over to the Pope and says,   "Watch this! With one motion of my arm, I can make this whole crowd go nuts!" The Queen then turns to the crowd and does her famous "Queen wave."  Sure enough, the crowd goes nuts.  After thinking for a minute, the Pope leans into her and says,  "With one motion of my arm, I can make this whole COUNTRY go nuts!"  He then proceeds to backhand the Queen.
My lesbian cousin was raised in an Amish community just outside of Pittsburgh. She used to be Pennsylvania Dutch, now she’s Pennsylvania Butch.
The Pope wakes up one day and decides he doesn't want any Jews in Rome The Pope calls the Rabbi for Rome and informs him of his decision. The Rabbi protests and says "Wait, that's it, we're not even gonna talk about this?" So the Pope asks what he wants to do and the Rabbi says that he wants to have a debate the following week. The Pope agrees and they part ways.  A few days before the debate, the Pope realizes that he's just agreed to debate with a Jew. He realizes that he needs to level the playing field a bit, so he calls the Rabbi.  Pope: "The way I see it, you challenged me to a duel. So, I get to pick the weapons."  Rabbi: "Okay, what are the weapons?"  Pope: "We can't use words."  Rabbi: "Well then how are we going to debate?"  Pope: "We'll figure that out."  So the day comes when the debate is set. The Pope and the Rabbi sit down with each other. Everyone is silent and watches the two as they begin silently debating.  Pope: \*Holds up three fingers\*  Rabbi: \*Holds up one finger\*  Pope: \*Crosses himself\*  Rabbi: \*Points at the ground\*  Pope: \*Takes out a bottle of wine and a loaf of bread from his robes\*  Rabbi: \*Takes an apple out of his robes\*  To everyone's astonishment, the Pope then declares to all present that the Rabbi has won and the Jews would be permitted to stay in Rome. Upon returning to the Vatican later that evening, a bishop asks the Pope what happened. The Pope replies:  "We started and I said that there was the Trinity, the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. He said that we all pray to one God. I replied that God sent His son to do His work. He said that we were all here to do God's work. So then, I showed him the body and blood of Christ. He showed me an apple and said that we were all children of the Original Sin. I couldn't argue with that, so he won."  Across town, the Rabbi gets home and his wife asks him what happened. The Rabbi replies:  "I should know what happened? That son of a bitch gets in there and he says we got three days to get out! So I tell him that ain't one Jew gonna leave this town. And then he says that's he's gonna get us out if he has to rope us up and drag us out, so I say well I'm not leaving this spot! So then, he pulls out his lunch, I pull out mine, and then he tells me I win!"
What’s the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit? A zit will wait until you’re twelve before it comes on your face.
I was bitten by a Hasidic Jew. The doctor in the E/R gave me Rabbi shots.
What is it called when Jesus masturbates? Jesus fucking christ.
What's the difference between Harry Potter and Jews Harry Potter wasn't banned from America
Where do Jewish kids with ADHD go for help? To a concentration camp.
A catholic priest and a little boy are in a room together and were joined by 150 other people as it was time for Sunday mass
What did the Jewish guy say to the atheist? God Is-real!!!!!!!!!
Apparently a Mexican is fighting a Muslim on HBO tonight. Who said Trump's dreams can't come true?
You can make fun of the Amish all you want on the Internet They'll never see it!
A Group of Jews went to Auschwitz for Vacation They gave it one star. 
In a catholic girsl school the teaching Nun asks the girls about their plans for the future... Nun:"Susan, what do you want to be when you grow up?"  Susan:"I want to be a teacher, just like you!"   N: "Good, and what do you want to be Alice?"  Alice:"I want to be a doctor!"  N:"Very good! And you Lucy, what do you want to do?"   Lucy:"I want to become a Prostitute!"  Nun:"What was that, what diy you say?"   Lucy:" I said I want to become  a prostitute!"  Nun:"Thank God! At first I understood Protestant."
Why do most Jewish Men get circumsised? Because Jewish Women don’t like anything unless it is 10% off.
The Amish and the Elevator An Amish family from Pennslyvania decides to go to the Big Apple for the first Time in their lives; Mother, Father and their son.   They go into the Empire State Building.   As they're walking around they notice the elevator. Never seeing one before they stand in front of it bewildered.   While staring at it, an old lady in a wheelchair rolls up to it, pushes the button, the door opens, she rolls herself inside and the door closes.   The amish family watches as the lights for each floor light as it goes up. They continue to watch as the numbers go down again.   The door opens and out walks this tall gorgeous blonde.   Legs to her neck. Great figure. Beautiful!   Paw looks at his son and says, "Quick boy, shove your mother in there!"    
Why are Jewish men circumcised? Because Jewish women refuse to touch anything that isn't at least 10% off
A Buddhist, a Christian, and a Muslim are standing on the top of a cliff. The Buddhist says, "If I jump, Buddha will save me" and he jumps. As he's flying toward his doom, he's yelling "Buddha, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha!" When he is about to hit the ground, a large hand swoops in and carries him to safety.  The Christian, seeing this, says, "If Buddha saved the Buddhist, then Jesus will surely save me!" and he jumps. As he's falling, he yells, "Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, JESUS! JESUS!!!! JESUS!!!! JESUS CHRIST!!!!!! OH JESUS CHRIST!!!!!!! JEEEEESUUUUUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!" He hits the ground with a loud WHACK and is killed on impact.  The Muslim then says, "I trust Allah" and he jumps.  "Allah! Allah! Allah! Allah!.... BUDDHA!!! BUDDHA!!!! BUDDHA!!!!...."
One day an obnoxious atheist asked a pious Muslim man to explain to him why people suffered If God existed. The Muslim calmly thought for a minute And then hacked that disbeliever's head clean off.
What was Jesus favorite games? Hangman and lacrosse 
Jewish Kid: Dad Can I have 50p? Dad: 40p?! What do you want 30p for?
If Popeye had a southern accent he'd be gay His boyfriends name would be Olive Earl 
Today I saw the most beautiful Jewish girl in my life She Israeli pretty.
How do we know Jesus was black Just ask the Roman Police
What do you call a Jewish girl's best friend? A diary
The Pharasees brought an adulterous woman before Jesus to be stoned to death. They had brought her to test Jesus.  He turned to them and shouted, "Let ye who is without sin cast the first stone!" The people gathered around all paused and looked at one another.  Then an elderly woman in the back bent down and hoisted the largest rock she could carry over her shoulders.  She struggled forward and managed to heave the stone onto the adulterous woman, killing her instantly.  As the crowd stood there stunned Jesus rubbed his temples and murmured, "Damnit Mom!"
Why did the Muslim couple divorce? Jihad an affair.
A chinese pilot and a jew copilot are flying together for the first time Since the start of the flight, there was a strange feeling between them, so the chinese guy asks:  Chinese: Do you have a problem with me?  Jew: I sure do, i will never trust you chinese people after what you did to Pearl Harbor.  C: but those were the Japanese, not the chinese.  J: Chinese, Coreans, Japanese, it's are all the same.  C: You know what, i'll never trust you jew since what you did to the titanic.  J: But that was an iceberg!  C: Iceberg, Greenberg, Goldberg, it's all the same.
How is a great essay like a Catholic girl's skirt? A great essay should be long enough to cover all the important parts, but short enough to grab your attention
Six retired Jewish Gents were playing poker....  Six retired Jewish gents were playing poker in the condo clubhouse when Meyer loses $500 on a single hand, clutches his chest and drops dead at the table. Showing respect for their fallen comrade, the other five continue playing, but standing up.  At the end of the game, Finklestein looks around and asks, "So, who's gonna tell his wife?" They cut the cards. Goldberg picks the low card and has to carry the news. They tell him to be discreet, be gentle, don't make a bad situation any worse. "Discreet? I'm the most discreet person you'll ever meet.  Discretion is my middle name. Leave it to me." Goldberg goes over to the Meyer's condo and knocks on the door.  The wife answers through the door and asks what he wants?  Goldberg declares "Your husband just lost $500 in a poker game and is afraid to come home.  "Tell him to drop dead!" yells the wife.  "I'll go tell him." says Goldberg.
Why did Hitler use an oven to kill The Jews? He couldn't find a microwave big enough to fit more than one in.
What's a Jewish Sharks worst nightmare? Adolphin Hitler 
What does the pope and an Easter Festival have in common? In the end, all the kids are forced to grab their prize by the eggs.
What did Jesus say to his disciples at the last supper? "Everyone get on this side of the table if you wanna be in the picture!" 
Why do Jews have big noses ? Because air is free.
What do you call a Muslim guy who won’t date fat chicks? Shallow Halal.
A Muslim and a Christian had a disagreement in a bar... ...so they talked it over and resolved their differences because they are both Canadians. 
What's Jesus's favourite chord? G# sus, cause G sus has risen.
What does the pope use to dry his hands? Papal Towels!!!
Some people leave room for Jesus, I leave room for coffee. So I don't spill it.
What do Orthodox Jewish kids dress up as on Halloween? One eyed ghosts. 
What does the pope use to dry his hands? Papal towels!
Maybe Jesus was gay the whole time and was actually saying  "AH, MEN"...........
Did you know it’s a Jewish tradition to place rocks on gravestones? Yeah, flowers are too expensive.
Jesus’ last words... “T.G.I.F.” 
People refer to my penis as Jesus Christ. Because he is risen.  Sorry I am late.
Two people are arguing about whether Jesus is black or white Two people are arguing about whether Jesus is black or white, so one night they decided to ask him by praying. A voice from above said "I am who I am". The first guy said "well its safe to say that Jesus is white". "But how do you know?" asked the second guy. The first guy replied "well if he was black he would say, "I is who I is"
A lady that sat next to me on a plane freaked out when she realized that I am a muslim. I laughed so hard my grenades nearly fell out of my pockets.
A Little Black Jewish Boy says to his father, "daddy, am I more black or more Jewish?" Why do you ask? Says the dad. The boy says, "well a guy at school has a bike for sale for $150 and I can't decide if I should haggle him down to $75 or just steal it"
What do Jewish Mathematicians eat? cosher foods.
A Bus filled with Catholic School girls droves off a cliff A bus filled with Catholic school girls goes off a cliff and they all die.   They are in heaven trying to enter the pearly gates when St. Peter asks the first girl, "Erica, have you ever had any contact with a penis? She giggles and shyly replies, "I once touched the head of one with the tip of my finger." St. Peter says, "Okay, dip the tip of your finger in the Holy Water and pass through the gate."  St. Peter asks the next girl the same question, "Sarah, have you ever had any contact with a penis?" The girl is a little reluctant but replies, "Well, once I fondled and stroked one." St. Peter says, "Okay, dip your whole hand in the Holy Water and pass through the gate."  Suddenly there is a lot of commotion in the line of girls. One girl is pushing her way to the front of the line. When she reaches the front, St. Peter says, "Ashley, What is going on here?" The girl replies, "If I'm going to have to gargle that Holy Water, I want to do it before Jessica sticks her ass in it."
Why did the Muslim boy ask to leave the classroom? He had to take a Shiite.
Why do Jews have big noses? Because air is free!
So Jesus is hanging on the cross... ...and he manages to softly say, through dry, cracked lips, "Oh Father, as you love me, remove this nail from my right hand..", and the nail fell out and his arm dropped to his side.  Again, "Oh Father, as you love me, remove this nail from my left hand..." and it was so and his hand dropped...  "THE FEET! THE FEET! THE FEET!"
What is a Muslims favourite video game? Goat simulator
There was this cute Muslim girl at the gym today. Kind of shy, but her body was the bomb. 
How do you get a Jewish girl's number? Lift up her sleeve.
What's the difference between Muslim and a terrorist? I don't know, I just sign executive orders.  I'll be here all week.
Why aren't their any Jewish chefs? Because they aint falling for that one again
On their way to get married, a young Catholic couple is involved in a fatal car accident. On their way to get married, a young Catholic couple is involved in a fatal car accident. The couple found themselves sitting outside the Pearly Gates waiting for St. Peter to process them into Heaven. While waiting, they began to wonder: Could they possibly get married in Heaven? When St. Peter showed up, they asked him. St. Peter said, "I don't know. This is the first time anyone has asked. Let me go find out,'" and he left. The couple sat and waited, and waited. Two months passed and the couple were still waiting. While waiting, they began to wonder what would happen if it didn't work out; could you get a divorce in heaven? After yet another month, St. Peter finally returned, looking somewhat bedraggled. "Yes," he informed the couple, "You can get married in Heaven." "Great!" said the couple, "But we were just wondering, what if things don't work out? Could we also get a divorce in Heaven?" St. Peter, red-faced with anger, slammed his clipboard onto the ground. "What's wrong?" asked the frightened couple. "OH, COME ON!," St. Peter shouted, "It took me three months to find a priest up here! Do you have any idea how long it'll take me to find a lawyer?" - 
How many jews can you fit in a car? 2 in the front, 3 in the back, 6 million in the ashtray...
A Romanian, a Jew and a Somali are sitting under a tree. A Romanian, a Jew and a Somali are sitting under a tree. A caterpillar gets on the Romanian's shoulder.   The Romanian throws the caterpillar at the Jew, the Jew throws the caterpillar at the Somali, the Somali picks up the caterpillar and eats it.   Another caterpillar gets on the Romanian, the Romanian throws it at the Jew, the Jew picks it up and asks the Somali: "Do you want to buy a caterpillar?"
Jesus sits down at the Last Supper with his disciples. He rises and addresses them: "I'm the son of God." "No way!" they say. "Yahweh." 
How do you advertise a boxing match between a Hispanic construction worker, and a Catholic priest. Alien vs predator 
I've never met a full on jew They were all just sort of jew-ish
A Jew, Korean, and Black guy walk into a bar. The bartender told them to get the fuck out.
What part of Popeye has the smoothest skin? The part he dips in Olive Oyl.
Dumbest Jew Son: Dad, why did you say grandpa was the dumbest Jew?  Dad: Becuase he fled Armenia to Germany.
A Jewish father was very upset with how his son was turning out He went to the Rabbi to ask him for some advice. He said, "Rabbi, I'm very worried about my son, I gave him the best possible Jewish education and despite this, he's now in his teens and is becoming a Christian!"   The Rabbi said, "it's funny you should say that, I too had a son who I raised to be a good Jewish boy and in his teens he became a Christian!"   The Jewish father asked the Rabbi what he did, the Rabbi said, "i turned to god."    "and what did he say?" Replied the father,   "He said, it's funny you should say that..."  
In Sunday School, the pastor said that Jesus was everywhere, in everything. I guess "Jesus Loves Me" has a whole new meaning......
Jesus said "Come forth John, and receive eternal life"... ... but John came fifth and won a toaster instead.
I don't know why y'all think Jesus Christ is coming back. They didn't nail him to a fucking boomerang.
What does a Muslim train conductor say before he starts his train? ALLAH BOARD!
How do you keep your Baptist friend from drinking all your beer on the fishing trip You bring a second baptist.
Jesus, his Apostles and followers arrived in a town where the townspeople were about to stone some thieves... ... Jesus walked between the thieves and townspeople and said, "Let he who is without sin cast the first stone."  Suddenly, a rock hit Jesus in the back of the head.  He turned around and said "You know Ma, sometimes you really piss me off!"
When Jesus broke the bread at the Last Supper he said, "Take this and eat it for it is my body." He did not say "Eat me"
What's the popes favorite power tool? A Cathedrill 
Two Jewish guys are walking when... one notices a sign on a Catholic church that says "Convert to Christianity, and we'll give you $100." The one says to the other, "should we do it??" The other says "NO!! Are you crazy?" The first guy replies "Hey, a hundred dollars is a hundred dollars... I'm gonna do it." So he walks in to the church, and little while later, he walks back out. The friend says "well, did you get the money?" He replies "Oh that's all you people think about, isn't it??"
What did the Jewish lesbian say to her girlfriend before taking her virginity? L'hymen
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? The picture only needs one nail to hang. (P.S I am Christian ��)
What is the difference between acne and a Catholic priest? Acne waits till you're 13 to come on your face.
A group of Jewish women are eating at a diner. Their waitress walks by and asks "Is anything alright?"
How do you outrun a Jewish cop? Take the toll road.
What is a Catholic choir boy's favorite song? "Can't Touch This"
Saying that you were touched by Jesus... ...is a completely different story in a Mexican prison.
Hear about the Muslim movie? It bombed.
What do you call a fight between Jews? A roast 
A Japanese Catholic boy is asking his mom why he has to pay tithing His mom replies, "Well, the Precepts of the Church maintain that each member has an obligation to support the material needs of the Church. Tithing is a voluntary donation that they rely on to have the materials needed for the Church."     Visibly processing this information, the boy asks, "What kind of materials would my contribution go towards?"     The mom thinks for a bit, trying to find a basic example. Finally she responds, "Let's take Holy Communion for example; during this service, they offer blessed wine. That blessed wine is paid for by your donations."     The boy replies, "Oh, for Heaven's sake."
About a decade ago, Pope John Paul was visiting a convent of nuns, Our Sisters of the Immaculate Conception. The whole place was so excited about his visit.   Mother Kate put Sister Margaret in charge of getting the finest fish for the dinner with the pope.   Sister Margaret took her task solemnly, and went to the market to get the best catch of the day.   “Good morning, sir. I’d like 12 of the freshest, best fish you have, please.”  The fisherman goes behind his counter and then weighs and measures the order. He was gruff and boomed when he spoke, “Here’s your god damned fish, that’ll be $40”  Sister Margaret meekly replies, “Watch your language, I’ll have you know you are speaking to a sister of the immaculate conception—”   “No, no, no. That’s what it’s called. This is god damn fish.”   She thanks him, and heads back to the convent to prepare the meal for the pope.   While she is cooking, Mother Kate checks in, “How is the dinner coming along?”  “I’m cooking the god damn fish, it will be ready in an hour.”   “What has gotten into you?!”  “No, no, that’s what it’s called. It’s called god damn fish.”   Later that evening the pope is sitting at the head of the table and everyone is eating quietly.   Sister Margaret chimes in, “this is some great god damn fish.”   Mother Kate pipes in, “this is the best god damn fish I ever had.”   The pope puts his fork down, looks up at the table and says, “I love you fucking people.” 
What's the difference between an American soldier and a Muslim? Conservatives spend a lot of money getting the Muslims out of the streets.
[NSFW] Allah is probably the true god. Because the universe started with an explosion.
Where do you stick a black jew In the back of an oven 
The Pope and Queen Elizabeth II are having a meeting... During the meeting, the Queen brags about how, by simply moving her hand she can make everyone in England happy for a few minutes. The Pope asks her to do this. Then, she waves her hand and everyone cheers. The Pope then says, "by moving my hand, I can make all the people in Ireland happy forever." The Queen, astonished asked him to do this. So, the Pope slapped her across the face.
What do the jews and Santa have in common? Santa comes down the chimney.
The Rabbi and the Pope. There’s one day every year, in the Vatican, when something gets a little bit strange and mysterious.  On that day, every year, the chief rabbi would walk his way into the Vatican, all the way to where the Pope sits on his throne.  He always has a linen bag with him. When he walked in front of the Pope, he would raise both of his hand, politely waiting for the Pope to take it.  The Pope would then gently take the linen bag, take a piece of paper out of the bag, it cannot be more tinted with stains, and crumpled.  The Pope would then hold the piece of paper in his hand, raise it up high so that the sunlight would shine on it, his head will be up lifted up, with his eyes squirming at it.  Next, he would always slowly shake his head, showing disapproval.  He would put the piece of paper into the linen bag and gave it back to the Chief Rabbi.  A young Priest saw all of this, and he wondered what was on that sacred piece of paper. He asked everyone in the Vatican. But nobody knows.  He had so many questions, why would the rabbi be so humble when giving the Pope the bag? Why would the Pope shake his head every time? What is on it that is so inappropriate?  So he made a promise to himself, he swear to God, he would become the Pope and find out what’s on that piece of paper.  Years later, the young priest’s dream has came true. He became the Pope.  Finally the day came. As always, the chief rabbi walked slowly and quietly to where the Pope was sitting.  The new Pope was exceedingly nervous, clenching his fist, scratching his face.  At last, the rabbi lifted his hands, and handed him the ancient rusty linen bag. The Pope, who was once the young man staring at it from the corner far away, took the bag with caution.  He carefully take the piece of paper out of the bag, his wrinkled hands were shaking.  It turns out, that piece of paper was the bill for the last supper.
What do you call a jew with a hot dog? An Anne Frank
Today, I decided to donate all my worldly possessions and give myself up to Jesus It's pretty hard to say no to a Mexican dude with a knife.
Why don't jews have arranged marriage? They have no 'forced kin'.  I'm so sorry
Amish woman and her daughter An Amish woman and her daughter were riding in an old buggy one cold blustery day.    The daughter said to her mother, "My hands are freezing cold."    The mother replied, "Put them between your legs. Your body heat will warm them up."    The daughter did, and her hands warmed up.    The next day the daughter was riding with her boy friend who said, "My hands are freezing cold."    The girl replied, "Put them between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm them up."    He did, and warmed his hands.    The following day the boyfriend was again in the buggy with the daughter. He said, "My nose is cold."    The girl replied "Put it between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm it up."    He did, and warmed his nose.    The next day the boyfriend was again driving with the daughter, and he said, "My penis is frozen solid."    The following day the daughter was driving in the buggy with her mother again, and she says to her mother, "Have you ever heard of a penis?"    Slightly concerned the mother said, "Why, yes. Why do you ask?"    The daughter replies, "They make one hell of a mess when they defrost, don't they!" 
Why do Jewish men get circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's 20% off 
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza. Pizza can have pepperoni, Jews can't.
What do you call the pope after a drive by? "Your holiness"
Did you hear about the Jewish man who loves tea?   Hebrews regularly. 
Hitler went to a fortuneteller and asked her “On what day will I die?” The seeress assured him that he would die on a Jewish holiday. “Why are you so sure of that?” demanded Hitler. “Any day,” she replied, “on any day which you die will be a Jewish holiday.”
How many popes will you see in your life? Probably nun
Higgs boson walks into a Catholic church. The priest asks “What are you doing here?”   HB replies “You can’t have mass without me.”
An old Jewish man, Moshe... Has lived a long, successful, and mostly happy life in the USA, having immigrated after escaping a concentration camp in Europe during the Second World War.   His ability to live so well, and to overcome the trauma of his experience of the Holocaust as a young man, he attributes largely to his development of a very robust, and at times, very dark sense of humour about it all.  So when he dies just short of his one hundredth birthday, and goes up to the pearly gates, he takes the opportunity to share one of his most offensive jokes with his maker:  "Hey God. How d'ya get a Jewish girls number?"   "Ask her to roll up her sleeve!"  God doesn't laugh.  "Well" Says Moshe, "I guess you had to be there."
A chinese and a jewish sat in a bar right next to each other. The Jewish said, "I will never forget what you did to Pearl Harbor".  The Chinese said, "That was the Japanese, not the Chinese".  The Jewish then said, "Japanese, Chinese; what's the difference?"  The Chinese furiously said, "I'll never forgive you for the Titanic".  The Jewish said, "That wasn't the Jewish, that was an Iceberg!"  The Chinese said, "Goldberg, Gutenberg, Iceberg; what's the difference?"  The Jewish sarcastically said, "I thought Asians were smart. But clearly, I was wrong."  The Chinese person then thought to himself and said mockingly, "I thought Jewish were penny pinchers," as he looked to see his wallet secure "But clearly, I was wrong."
Who would win in a fight: Jesus or The Super Jesus? Neither. They will both turn the other cheek.
What do you say when u pissed off a Catholic? It is all a part of god's plan
If wine is jesus' blood, doesn't that make blood/alcohol content "blood/blood" content... ...officer.
I was folding my pants, fresh out the drier, and found a dollar in a pocket. Jesus Christ... How long have I been laundering money?
Did Jesus die a virgin? Cuz I herd he got nailed
Jesus fed thousands bread and fish Hitler made 6 million Jews toast
The difference between radical muslims and moderate muslims Is that radical muslims want to cut your head off and moderate muslims want radical muslims to cut your head off. 
What did Muslim sonic say on June 5? Gotta go fasting! LOL
So a christian, a jew, and an atheist walk into a bar You think at least one of them would have ducked!
Why was Jesus an only child? There were no more wombs at the Inn. 
I wish Steven Hawking was Jewish I prefer my vegetables cooked
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight... He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope. Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief. Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure." Chief: "How important? A governor or something?" Cop: "No sir. He's bigger." Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?" Cop: "More important, sir." Chief: "A major politician?" Cop: "No sir, he's much more important." Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?" Cop: "I think I pulled over God, sir." Chief: "What makes you think that?" Cop: "His chauffeur is the Pope!"
The Catholic Church doesn't believe in sex before marriage. My wife doesn't believe in sex after marriage.
A Protestant archaeologist uncovered Jesus Christ’s tomb. And he discovered inside it remains, which beyond any reasonable doubt belong to Jesus Christ himself. The archaeologist understands that this could be catastrophic for Christian faith, since this means that there wasn’t any Resurrection of Christ. He’s in desperate need of advice, and so he decides to call the Pope despite being Protestant, because the Pope is the single most important person in the Christian world. He calls the Pope and tells him his story and asks him what to do, whether he should go public with his discovery or bury it forever to save the Christian faith worldwide. The Pope answers him: “Wait, holy crap, you mean Christ was real?!”
A Jewish businessman in America decided to send his son to Israel to absorb some of the culture of the homeland. When the son returned, the father asked him to tell him about his trip. The son said, "Pop, I had a great time in Israel. By the way, I converted to Christianity." "Oy vey," said the father. "What have I done?"  He decided to go ask his friend Jacob what to do. Jacob said, "Funny you should ask. I too sent my son to Israel, and he also came back a Christian. Perhaps we should go see the rabbi and ask him what we should do."  So they went to see the Rabbi. The Rabbi said, "Funny you should ask.I too sent my son to Israel. He also came back a Christian. What is happening to our young people? Perhaps we should go talk to God and ask him what to do." The three of them prayed and explained what had happened to their sons and asked God what to do. Suddenly a voice came loud and clear from Heaven. The Voice said, "funny you should ask, I too sent my son to Isreal..."
Two hesidic Jews are walking down the streets of Brooklyn arguing. "Jews are everywhere in the world. They started in the middle east and spread to Europe, America, Australia. Even China!"   "I disagree. Not China! Even if there were Chinese Jews, they would have been persecuted and cast out like the Christians!"  The fight went on until one man suggested a solution.  "Chinatown! They'll be able to answer our question!"  Hopping the train to Chinatown, the two Jews got out and found the most authentic looking Chinese resteraunt they could find. Stepping inside, they were greeted by a waiter who barely spoke english.  "Excuse me. Were you born in China?"  "Hi. I was born Hunan province. Very beautiful."  "Good. Then answer me this... do you have Chinese Jews?"  The waiter looked confused. Scratching his head he walked away from the old Jewish men. They were just as confused and still without an answer.  Turning to leave, the Chinese waiter quickly hurried up behind them. "Most honorable. We have no Chinese Jews."  Smuggly, one Jew turned to the other to gloat, but the waiter carried on. "We have Apple Jews, Orange Jews and Tomato Jews.... but no Chinese Jews."
The Pope walks into a Victoria Secret... The Pope walks into a Victoria Secret and asks for help buying a brazier for his mistress.  The sale associate, surprised that Pope would need such a thing, says "Isn't that some type of sin?"  The Pope takes off his shoes, sits down and says, "Don't ask me, this isn't Old Navy."
What’s the difference between Harry Potter and the Jewish? Harry escaped the chamber 
A Muslim man sees the face of Muhammad in a tub of margarine one day His neighbor from Nepal looks over and says "I can't believe it's not Buddha"
What is an anti-Catholic’s least favorite smell? Potpourri
My Jewish professor decided to take a year-long break from teaching He’s on a sabbath-ical
And Jesus said to the blind man... ..."have you had an accident at work that wasn't your fault? If so then call messiahs4you now."
How do we know Harry Potter wasn't Jewish He made it out of the chamber
What do you call it when a business shares the words of Jesus with it's employees? Prophet sharing.
Baptist Dog A man walks into a pet store looking for new dog. He notices one of the dogs is much more expensive than the others, so he asks the proprietor about it. The owner says, " Oh, well this is a very special animal. He's a Baptist dog. You can say to him 'Rex, fetch the Bible' and he'll go get the Bible for you. You can say 'Rex, look up Matthew 6' and he'll open the Bible to Matthew 6. And when you're not feeling well, he'll jump up in your lap, put his paw on your forehead and say 'Heel!'"
Why are there no Asian Jews? Because they don't want any more of what they're workin' with chopped off.  
Jesus walks into a bar, puts three nails on the counter, and says to the barkeep ... "Hey, could you put me up for the night?"
Jesus walks into a hotel He throws a bag of nails on the counter and says: "Can you put me up for the night?" 
What did the muslim man say when he arrived at his resort in Hawaii? Aloha Snackbar!
A Jewish joke (as told by Sigmund Freud) One Jew says to another, “Have you taken a bath?” The other replies: "No. Is one missing?"  From *Wit and Its Relation to the Unconscious*
People are always making fun of me for being Jewish, but the joke is on them Guess who just got 20 cents richer
Two Jewish men, Sid and Al, were sitting in an Indian restaurant in New York. Sid asked Al, 'Are there any Jewish people of our faith born and raised in India?'   Al replied, 'I don't know, let's just ask our waiter.'  When the waiter came by, Al asked him, 'Are there any Indian Jews?'  The waiter said, 'I won't be knowing, but I will ask the chef. After he returned from the kitchen a few minutes later and said, 'No sir, no Indian Jews.'   Al wasn't really satisfied with that and asked, 'Are you absolutely sure?'  The waiter, realizing he was dealing with 'foreigners' gave the expected answer, 'I check again,' and went back into the kitchen.   While the waiter was away in the kitchen, Sid said, 'I find it hard to believe that there are no Jews in India. Our people are scattered everywhere.'  The waiter returned and said, 'The Chef and the Captain my boss and they all say there is no Indian Jews.'   'Are you certain?' Al asked once again, 'I just can't believe there are no Indian Jews!'     Listen, I asked EVERYONE,' replied the frustrated waiter. 'All we have is Mango Jews, Pineapple Jews, Orange Jews, Coconut Jews &amp; Tomato Jews!     No Indian Jews OK!!!!!???!!!
Why doesn't the pope want to be cremated? Because he's still alive.
Why do Jewish men wear those little hats? Because they're missing something else that just covers the tip.
Alex Jones dies and meets Jesus at the pearly gates. As they are waiting to see if God will allow Alex into heaven, Jesus says:  "Alex, while we wait you can ask me any question and I will answer it".  So Alex asks him, "who planned 9/11?"  And Jesus responds "Osama Bin Laden"  Alex goes " wow, this goes higher up than I thought."
Whenever I'm in trouble I ask myself, "what would Jesus do" Then I pretend to be dead and disappear for 3 days.
The pope gives a speech on materialism and reminds us to think of the children. Next week Michael Vick gives a speech on nonviolence and the importance of animal rights. 
What did Ja Rule tell his friend when he forgot what the third magi brought to baby Jesus? It's myrrh, duh.
And Jesus said And Jesus said, "Come forth and receive everlasting life." But John came fifth, and only received a toaster oven.
What do you call 1000 Jews on a train? It doesn't matter, they're never coming back.
Why are Jesus' hands nailed to the cross? So he stays at 12 o'clock. 
It's career day at an elementary school, and there's a Doctor, a Lawyer, and a Catholic Priest on stage It's career day at an elementary school, and there's a Doctor, a Lawyer, and a Catholic Priest on stage talking to the kids in the auditorium. Well, all of a sudden the whole thing bursts into flames, and the Doctor, the Lawyer, and the Priest run for the back stage door. They get out safely and run from the building, but the Doctor makes them stop. They can hear screaming kids burning up, trappe inside.  So the doctor says, "We have to go in and save the children!"  The lawyer goes, "Fuck the children!"  And the priest asks, "Do we have time?"
You know what? Jokes about Jews aren’t funny. Anne Frankly, I won’t stand for them. 
Why was Jesus bad at basketball? He got crossed up so bad he died.
Catholic priest and an Olympic silver medalist What do a catholic priest and an olympic silver medalist have in common?  They both came in a little behind
A Cardinal goes to the Pope and says "Your Eminence, I have good news and bad news". The Pope asks "What's the good news?".   The Cardinal says "Jesus Christ has returned to Earth!".   The Pope exclaims "That is wonderful! What could possibly be the bad news?".   The Cardinal replies "He's in Salt Lake City.".
Jesus: "Pardon me, I'm afraid I don't know what to do with this cross." Roman soldier: "Don't worry, you'll get the hang of it."
If a person does exceedingly well in the Catholic faith, they become a saint. But if someone does equally well in the Hindu faith, they become a... Saint Bernard.
What's the difference between Jesus and a painting of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the painting
Didn't you hear the joke where Jesus tips over with his cross? Never mind, it's going to be reposted. 
If Jesus was real they wouldn't call it the crucifixion... They would call it crucifact.
Jesus asks a Christian, "What's up with all those crosses? Which part of my story makes you think I like crosses?" The Christian replies: "I don't know, but you seem to be quite attached to them."
I've nailed my Jesus impression... Down to a T. 
What do you call a Jewish bread that the Black Panther bakes for Thor's party? T'calla's challah for the Val'Halla gala. 
What do you call a Muslim walrus? A halalrus
A Cardinal walks into the Pope's office... ... and he says, "Your Eminence, I have some good news and some bad news."  The Pope, of course, is an optimistic fellow, so he says, "I'll have the good news first."  The Cardinal tells him, "It seems that Jesus Christ has returned. He's on the phone and he wants to speak to you."  The Pope, of course, is elated.  He says, "There can be no bad news on a day like this, but go ahead: what's the bad news?"  And the Cardinal tells him, "He's calling from Salt Lake City."
What did Mary say when she saw Jesus with a massive erection? He has risen.
How do you fit 100 jews in a car? Two in the front, three in the back, and 95 in the ashtray. 
Jesus, Chuck Norris, and the Pope go for a walk... They come up to a wide and deep river with no bridge nor a boat. Jesus and Chuck simply walk over the water. The Pope goes and sinks to his ankles.  "Oh Lord almighty help me!"  Jesus says: "Just believe and you will be able to walk on water!"  He continues and sinks to his knees.  "Lord save me!"  "Believe and you will walk on water."  He wades further and sinks to his waist.  Jesus turns to Chuck. "How 'bout we tell him about the boards?"  "Huh? What boards?"
Why doesn’t Jesus eat M&amp;Ms ? They fall through those holes in his hands 
Jesus is hanging on the cross... He sees Judas in the crowd and calls for him. Judas hears and walks toward Jesus. The guards tell Judas he cannot pass, so he walks back into the crowd. Moments later Jesus calls for him again, so Judas tries to push his way through the guards. They beat him and push him back into the crowd. Moments later, Jesus calls for Judas once again! Judas thinks to himself, "I betrayed Jesus already, I cannot betray him again." He approaches the guards, and they beat him again; this time breaking his ribs and one of his legs. He somehow manages to get through the guards and is on his knees in front of Jesus' cross. "I'm here Jesus, what is it you need?", says Judas.  Jesus replies, "Oh hey Judas, I can see your house from here!"
Two Jewish kids are playing in the Ghetto Since they have nothing better to do, they go to play in the showers, and have a watertight. Half way through, one throws a bar of soap at they other.  “Hey, that’s too far man! Don’t bring our parents into this!”
Why do Catholic priests like golf? Because most of the holes are under 18.
A man running from the police runs into the Catholic church and hides in confession box.. Another person enters the other side and says "Forgive me Father for I have sinned"  The man not wanting to get caught says, "What have you done my daughter?"  She says, "I have had anal sex with my boyfriend, I know sex is for making children, please forgive me . What is my penance?"  The man not knowing what to say, quickly opens his side of the confession box and sees a choir boy walking by , "Hey Kid what does the Priest give for anal sex?"  He responds,  "A can of pop and a bag of chips"
The little black jewish boy... A black Jewish boy runs home from school one day and asks his father, “Daddy, am I more Jewish or more black?” The dad replies, “Why do you want to know, son?” “Because a kid at school is selling a bike for $50 and I want to know if I should talk him down to $40 or just steal it!”
Amish Andy Visits The City One day, Amish Andy decides he wants to visit the city. After reaching the city he meets a lovely young lady that notices he is new in town and she offers to show him around for the day. At the end of the day Andy is about to head back home to the farm, but first he offers to show the young lady around if she is ever makes it out to the country. A few weeks go by when Andy receives a letter from the young lady announcing the she will be coming out and would love to take him up on his offer. When she arrives Andy takes her on a buggy ride to show her the sights, when the pass the horse stables, they see a  male horse mounting the female horse.  The young lady say's "what are they doing"?  Andy replies "they are mating". "How does the male know when the female wants to mate"? Ask the young lady. "Well the female puts off a sent." Replies Andy Content with the answer the continue on until they come across the cow pasture and they see a bull mounting a cow.  Again they young lady asks "what are they doing"?  Andy replies "they are mating". "How does the male know when the female wants to mate"? Ask the young lady. "Well the female puts off a sent." Replies Andy The young lady asks "is that how everything knows when to mate here?" Yes replies Andy.  The two continue on about their day and have a wonderful time. As it starts to get dark, Andy is taking the young lady back to the bus station so she can  go home when the young lady request they stop by the pharmacy before they go to the bus station. She comes out with a brown paper bag and hands it to Andy. He opens the bag reaches in and pulls out a bottle of antihistamine.  Puzzled Andy ask " what's this for?"  The young lady replies "you nose must be stopped up, I have been putting off my scent all day."
Why did the Muslim tailor make so many veils? It's hijab.
An old man walks into a Catholic Church An old man walks into a Catholic church, and goes for a confession.  "I am 80 years old, a widower after 50 years of a blissful marriage."  "I was walking home from the library the other day and two college girls stopped their car. They said they were on spring break and needed directions.  "We got to talking, and they offered to drive me home."  "In the car, one of them asked me the last time I'd had sex and I told them it had been years."  "She asked if I would like to have some fun, and before I knew it the three of us were in my apartment."  "I had the most magnificent sex for the past two nights, and they're still there waiting for me. They promised they'd show me things I never even knew a man and woman could do. And that's why I've come to confession."  And the priest asks, "When was the last time you went to confession?"  And the old man says, "Actually, this is the first time."  "You're 80 years old and this is your first confession? Why now?"  "Because I'm Jewish."  "In that case, why are you telling me?"  "I'm telling everybody!!!."
What did Jesus say when he sat by the fire after his resurrection? I'm a warm again Christian.
The Amish A fifteen year old Amish boy and his father were in the new mall. They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again.  The boy asked, "What is this, Father?"  The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, "Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is."  While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a fat old lady in a wheelchair moved up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened, and the lady rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the boy and his father watched the small numbers above the walls light up sequentially.  They continued to watch until it reached the last number and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order.  Finally, the walls opened up again and a gorgeous 24-year-old woman stepped out.  The father, not taking his eyes off the young woman, said quietly to his son, "Go get your mother."
Why don't Baptists believe in sex? They worry it could lead to dancing.
My Jewish roomate's name is Weh My Jewish roomate's name is Weh  One day he asked "Can you pick up some milk?"     I replied "Yah weh"   
So a jewish man with a boner runs into a wall He breaks his nose
Two Amish women are in the field picking potatoes... The first Amish woman (FAW) pulls out an enormous potato from the field and says to the second (SAW), "Ohhh, this reminds me of Jacob's privates!"  SAW -  "You mean Jacob's privates are that big?"  FAW - "No, but they're just as dirty!"
You really shouldn't take advantage of Jesus. That would be propheteering.
Why do catholic priests have no interest in expensive scotches? They’re all at least 18 years old. 
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew? The pizza in the oven doesn't scream.
A Jewish boy A Jewish boy goes up to his father and asks for 5 dollars. The father responds, "4 dollars!! Oh my god what do you need 3 dollars for??!!!"
Why do Jews love sandwiches? Because they're not made in ovens.
Why do Jews stay home during the summer? They don't like going to camps.
I told my friend that Jewish people call God by a different name. He said, "No way!", to which I replied, "Yahweh".
jesus walks into a bar... and the barman cries: NO, NOT AGAIN
Bishop to the Pope, Bishop to the Pope: Congratulations on your name’s day Your Holiness! - Pope: But today we do not commemorate the name of Benedict? -  Bishop: It is the 16th, though.
What is the difference between a bullet and a Jew? A bullet makes it out of the chamber.
What type of meat do catholic priests eat on Friday? Nun.
How Do You Get A Jewish Girl's Number? (Warning, absolutely incredibly Offensive) Look on their forearm.  Buhdum-     sorry...  WHY ARE YOU TAGGED AS RELIGION Hey, at least it's not my joke. A friend told it to me
What do you call a muslim taking a bath? A bath bomb.
What's the worst part about being a black Jew? Having to wait at the back of the line for the oven. 
German joke: What is the difference between the Jews and the Muslims? The Jews have it all behind them.
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? With a broom.
THE POPE AND A ATTORNEY ARE AT THE ELEVATOR The pope and a lawyer are on the elevator to heaven. When they arrive at the gates, there's a mad rush of angels, saints, and other holy people on their way to greet them. When they arrive, they pick the lawyer up on their shoulders and carry him off cheering hysterically. The pope is deeply saddened. St. Peter sees this and goes over to him and says, "Don't feel bad. We get popes in here all the time, it's not every day we get a lawyer."
Jesus and the Apostles walk into a bar. "How many?" the hostess asks.   Jesus replies: "Table for 26 please. It's our Last Supper and we all want to sit on the same side."
John Smith was the only Protestant to move into the large Catholic neighborhood On the first Friday of Lent, John was outside grilling a big juicy steak on his grill. Meanwhile all of his neighbors were eating cold tuna fish for supper. This went on each Friday during Lent.    On the last Friday of Lent the neighborhood men got together and decided that something just HAD to be done about John, he was just tempting them to eat meat each Friday of Lent and they couldn't take it anymore. They decided to try and convert him to be Catholic. They went over and talked with him and were so happy that he decided to join all of his neighbors and become a Catholic.    They took him to church and the priest sprinkled some water over him and told him "Your were born a Baptist, you were raised a Baptist and now you are a Catholic". The men of the neighborhood were SO relieved, now their biggest Lent temptation was resolved.    The next year's Lent rolled around. The first Friday of Lent came and just at supper time when the neighborhood was setting down to their fish dinners came the wafting smell of steak cooking on a grill. The neighborhood men could not believe their noses! What was going on??? They called each other up and decided to meet over in John's yard to see if he had forgotten it was a Friday in Lent.    The group arrived just in time to see John standing over his grill with a small pitcher of water. He was pouring small droplets over his steak on the grill and saying, "you were born a cow, you were raised a cow, and now you are a fish."
Jesus was very environmentally friendly He ran on water.
What did the Muslim say to the Bartender at the Gay Club? Shots for everyone! 
What's the worst thing about being a black jew? You have to sit in the back of the oven.
What does juice and Jews have in common? They need to be concentrated for anyone to care for them
So what's the deal with Jesus? I mean he's just been hangin' around for the last 2000 years. 
Jewish jokes (Just a few of my favorites)  A man is getting ready to get married to a very Orthodox wife, and he goes to her rabbi for help. He's recently converted and very unfamiliar with Jewish weddings.  "Rabbi, for the wedding, do I sit with my wife?" "No, the men sit with the men and the women sit with the women." "Okay, can I dance with my wife?" "No, the men dance with the men and the women dance with the women." "Okay Rabbi, a few questions about sex... Can we do it missionary position? Like, man on woman?" "We don't call it that, but yes, that's fine." "How about cowgirl style? Woman on top of man?" The rabbi scratches his chin.  "A little kinky, but there's nothing in the Torah against it." "How about standing up?" "Absolutely not, that could lead to dancing." -- Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all the Jews had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a huge outcry from the Jewish community, so the Pope offered a deal: he'd have a religious debate with the leader of the Jewish community. If the Jews won, they could stay in Italy; if the Pope won, they'd have to convert or leave.  The Jewish people met and picked an aged and wise rabbi to represent them in the debate. However, as the rabbi spoke no Italian, and the Pope spoke no Yiddish, they agreed that it would be a 'silent' debate. On the chosen day the Pope and rabbi sat opposite each other. The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers. The rabbi looked back and raised one finger. Next, the Pope waved his finger around his head. The rabbi pointed to the ground where he sat. The Pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine. The rabbi pulled out an apple. With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that the rabbi was too clever. The Jews could stay in Italy .  Later the Cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened. The Pope said, "First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity. He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there is still only one God common to both our faiths. Then, I waved my finger around my head to show him that God was all  around us. The rabbi responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us. I pulled out the wine and host to show that through the perfect sacrifice Jesus has atoned for our sins, but the rabbi pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin. He bested me at every move and I could not continue."  Meanwhile, the Jewish community gathered to ask the rabbi how he'd won. "I haven't a clue," said the rabbi. "First, he told me that we had three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him the finger. Then he tells me that the whole countrywould be cleared of Jews but I told him emphatically that we were staying right here."  "And then what?" asked a woman.  "Who knows?" said the rabbi. "He took out his lunch, so I took out mine." -- There was a little old Jewish man who was having a bit of trouble below the belt. His wife told him to see what was wrong, and after a lot of nudging he finally went to the doctor, and was surprised when the doctor told him he had syphilis. As he sat on the bus on the way home, he turned the word over in his head, he had never heard it before.  When he got home, his wife said, "Nu, Hymie, what did the doctor say?" Hymie shrugged and said, "I'm not sure. He said it was syphilis, but I'm not sure what that is."  "Wait- I'll go look it up." Hymie's wife checks the dictionary and returns to the room. She pats him on the back."We have nothing to worry about. It's a disease of the Gentiles."
Devout Christian and Devout Muslim having a laugh Muslim: While we were praying, one of our members was really into it then bumped his head at the Quran and fell asleep  Christian: Our Pastor kept cursing when he forgot what he was saying  Muslim: what time is it?      Christian: pulls out his cellphone then laughed  
What's the difference between Jews and boy Scout's? Boy Scout's come home from camp.
So the Pope is on the way to his coronation... ...and the cardinals are preparing for his arrival.  One of the cardinals visits a local fisherman and says "I need to catch a fish to serve the new pope tonight".   The fisherman takes him out on his boat and they catch a massive fish.   The fisherman yells "that is a huge son of a bitch!" To which the cardinal replies "I am a man of the cloth! You shouldn't talk to me like that!"  "No, you don't understand! The name of this kind of fish is "son of a bitch"!"  The cardinal and the fisherman have a good laugh and bring the fish back ashore, and the cardinal proceeds to take it back to the Vatican.   When the cardinal arrives at the Vatican, he greets one of the female kitchen workers and says, "look at this huge son of a bitch I caught!" To which the kitchen worker replies, "sir! I am a lady and you shouldn't speak to me like that!"  The cardinal replies, "You don't understand! That is the name of the fish!"   "Well then, I will clean this son of a bitch and give it to the cook!" Says the kitchen worker.   The kitchen worker brings the fish to the cook after cleaning it and says "this fish is called a son of a bitch, would you cook it for the pope?" To which the cook replies "certainly!"   Soon, the cook comes out of the kitchen with the cooked fish and serves it to the cardinal and the pope.   "My goodness! I am from Argentina and I have never seen a fish this big!"  "Papa, I caught that son of a bitch!" the cardinal says.  "Papa, I cleaned that son of a bitch!" says the kitchen worker.   "Papa, I cooked that son of a bitch!" The cook says.   The pope leans back to relax with his hands resting behind his head and says,   "I like you motherfuckers already!"
Why do Muslims get 72 virgins in heaven? Because the alcoholic drinks are only for Christians. 
An Amish boy and his father were visiting a mall.  They were amazed by  almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls  that could move apart and back together again.     The boy asked his father, "What is this father?"   The  father (never having seen an elevator) responded, "Son, I have never  seen anything like this in my life, I don’t know what it is."     While  the boy and his father were watching wide-eyed, an old lady limping  slightly with a cane slowly walked up to the moving walls and pressed a  button. The walls opened and the lady walked between them and into a  small room. The walls closed and as the boy and his father watched,  small circles of light with numbers lighted up above the wall. They  continued to watch the circles light up in the reverse direction, and  then the walls opened up again and a beautiful 24 year old woman stepped  out.     The father said to his son, "Quick,go get your Mother."  
Did you hear about the promiscuous Jewish doe? She spends a lot of time getting a few bucks off! 
80 year old guy goes into a jewellers with a gorgeous 25 year blonde. He tells the jeweller he just met this fine young lady and wants to treat her to something special. The jeweller pulls out a $5000 dollar ring and asks if that will do? The old guy says damn no this lady is way more special than that. So the jeweller pulls out a $20,000 rings and asks if that is special enough? The blondes eyes light up and the old guy says they will take it. He gives the jeweller a cheque for $20,000 and says when the cheque clears on Monday they will come back and pick the ring up.  &amp;nbsp;  Monday rolls around and the jeweller calls the old up and says the cheque bounced. The old guy says *”yeah I know, I had the weekend of my life though!!”*
How are Jews and meat the same? They are both cut before they go in the oven. 
Don't mess with my Jew friend He knows jew jitsu
What do Germans call a flying jew? Smoke.
I have an image of Jesus that pops up on my laptop if I leave it idle for 10 minutes... It's my screen savior...
What did the Muslim caught stealing say when he was riding his bike? Look! No hands!
What do you call a train full of Jews? Doesn't matter they're not coming back.
Two Jewish Mothers Talking About Their Sons... ...And one of them says "I sent my son to Israel and he has come back a Christian."  The other Jewish mother listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel and he returned as a Christian."  So the two of them went to see the Rabbi. They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel and he returned as a Christian."  So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray. They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how they all returned as Christians." There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "Funny you should mention that... "
Did you hear about the new Jewish car? It stops on a dime and then picks it up.
A Jewish man is about to die on the floor of his home. His whole family rushes when he hits the floor.  With a weak voice and a slight sob, he says "Is everyone here?"  Yes, father. We wouldn't be anywh---  His father interrupts him and says "Then why the fuck is the kitchen light on?"
A Catholic priest is reading a map made by the Laffy Taffy Company As the priest follows the map through the streets of Rio De Janeiro, he gets deeper and deeper into the slums of the city. He stays true to the map, regardless of the neighborhood. An hour later, he is still following the map, regardless of the neighborhood getting even worse. There are gang members on each street corner, and women entertaining their services too. Eventually the priest stops in his tracks and says to himself "Dear God, I hope this joke is going somewhere."
Did you know that Jews are masters of self defense? They invented jew jitsu after all... Duh!
Did you know that I’m around 70% Jesus? Since Jesus can walk on water and babies are roughly 70% water, and I can walk on babies I am part Jesus m
Did you know that I am Jesus? If I covered my legs with oil I could walk on water!
The Pope, Jesus, and an old man are playing golf.      The pope crosses himself, blesses the ball, and swings. He drives the ball 600 miles. He bows his head and gives thanks for the amazing drive.     Jesus steps up to take his shot, I holds his hand in the air, creating a tailwind, and takes a swing. He drives the ball 900 miles.   The old man steps up to take his shot; with a putter. He gently taps the ball. A feral cat chases the ball, knocking it further down the field of play and accidentally knocks the ball into a water trap. A fish swallows the ball. A crow dives into the water, claws extended, and grabs the fish. The fish fights and wriggles the whole flight. Then, with it's last effort finally sets itself free. The fish lands on the green, the force knocks the ball loose and it dribbles into the hole.      HOLE IN ONE! The old man proclaims.     Then Jesus looks at him, shakes his head and says "Ya know, Dad, I really wish you'd play fair"
Not many people know this but Jesus was gay He let two fellas nail him at the top of a hill
I know you're not supposed to find Jesus Christ hot... ...but damn, is he so well hung.
It'd be cool if Jesus was like a new code-name for Heroin... Bunch of people addicted to taking the lord's name in vein...
What is a difference between Jesus and a Picture of Jesus? It takes one nail to hang a picture. 
A Jewish Samurai [Long] Once upon a time there was a competition in Japan to decide who would be the new head samurai. There were 3 contestants, A Jewish Samurai, and Christian Samurai, and a Muslim Samurai. The emperor of Japan says to the Muslim Samurai to go first, so, The Muslim Samurai spots a bee and slices it clean in half. Next, the emperor asks the Christian Samurai to go. The Christian Samurai spots another bee and slices the bee's wings clean off. Finally, The emperor asks the Jewish Samurai to go. The Jewish Samurai spots a bee and slashes quickly through the air, but it seems like no visible damage has been done to the bee.  The emperor says "You clearly have missed, the bee is alive and flying well" And the Jewish Samurai responds "Of course the bee is fine, circumcision isn't fatal".
What is the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? A picture only takes one nail to hang up.
Why don't you make jokes about muslims? Because they will fucking kill you.
I picked up a Jewish girl today, wanna know how? With a dustpan.
Jesus was walking in the town plaza one day When he crossed paths with a Roman soldier. Feeling particularly cool, Jesus put his hand up for a hi-five while passing by.  The Roman soldier, having ill feelings towards Jesus' teachings and following, simply grunted and ignored Jesus.  Jesus was a little disappointed so he turned around and said, "Aww come on man, don't leave me hanging!"
A guy once told me Jesus did not shit I told him he was full of shit
I was raised catholic ... and the thing that used to annoy me was all the standing up and sitting down and kneeling...   I wish the priest could just pick a position and fuck me.
A Jewish Black kid walks up to his dad and asks if he is more Black than Jewish. "Why son?" The dad asks.   "Because there is a kid at school selling his bike for $50 and I was wondering if I should talk him down to $30 or just steal it."
How many Catholic women does it take to screw in a light bulb? Nun
A guy goes in to a catholic church to confess his sins but Father is still sleeping up stairs half drunk so one of the altar boys tries taking the confession instead but soon this altar boy is put in a situation where he does not know what to do.  "Euh, excuses me for one sec. I will be right back to let you know what the proper penance is for that sin"  "Psssht, hey danny. Danny!"  "Yeah"  "What does Father give for masturbation?"  "Two snickers and a marsbar"
A Jew, a Catholic and a Mormon were having drinks at the bar following an interfaith meeting... The Jew, bragging on his virility, said, "I have four sons. One more and I'll have a basketball team."  The Catholic, pooh-poohed this accomplishment, stating, "That's nothing, boy. I have 10 sons, one more and I'll have a football team."  To which the Mormon replied, "You fellas ain't got a clue. I have 17 wives. One more and I'll have a golf course."
What did the Muslim smuggle through Security? A small water bottle.
A very pious Jew is praying to God. A very pious Jew is praying to God. He says “Oh God, I’ve read all of your words, studied the speeches of your prophets, but one thing has eluded me. If you could just tell me your name I would die a happy man.”  The man is startled to see God himself descend from the heavens, and listens as God whispers his name into the man’s ear.  “No way!” The man shouts upon hearing this from God’s own mouth.   “Yahweh” replies God.
what's the difference between a jew and a boy scout One comes back from the camps
I’m gonna name my kid Jesus Christ Cause it will be a miracle if anyone ever has sex with me
Did you hear what happened when Jesus and the disciples had a swimming competition? Jesus won by walk-over.
How does Jesus stay in shape? Crossfit
Jesus can turn water into wine But i can turn your girl into mine
Jesus talking to Peter before being crucified Jesus: Peter, you will deny me 3 times  Peter: No lord, I will never do that.  Later.....  Crowds: Do you know Jesus  Peter: New Number who dis
What do you call a two-man Jewish team? A Jew-o
How did Jesus Christ pay for our sins? He used PrayPal
A catholic man dies and goes to Heaven, there he learns that "lie clocks" exist for all humans... A man is greeted by St. Peter, he quickly notices there are many objects that look like clocks attached to the walls.  St. Peter explains that every time a person tells a lie, the hand on their clocks spins just a little faster.  As he walks through the hallway, he sees mother Teresa's clock, which isn't spinning at all. He then sees Abraham Lincolns clock, and notices it is just slightly spinning. He asks, "just out of curiosity, where is Donald Trump's clock?"  St Peter replies "Oh its not here, Jesus uses it as a fan in his office."
Being late to the crucifixion, St. Peter asks: "Gosh, what happened to Jesus?" "He died four hours since."
My Jewish girlfriend said that if I really loved her I would convert for her So I told her to bake my pot pie at 176.667 degrees.
What do you call a Jewish theatre? A cinemagogue. Sorry, I'm not sorry
An Amish girl riding with her mom An Amish girl is riding with her mom in a cart when she turns to her mom "mom my hands sure are cold" "well put them between your legs that'll warm them up" So the girl does and her hands warm up. The next day the girl is riding with her boyfriend and he says "boy my hands are cold" "well put them between my legs that'll warm them up" so he does. After a while he says "boy my nose is cold" "well put it between my legs" so he does.  The next day the girl asks her mom "mom, do you know what a penis is?" "well yes I do..."  "boy do they make a mess when they thaw out!" 
My good friend is a non-practicing Jew— You could say he is jew-*ish*
If a Jew gets a new phone... Can they use their own number???
What did the Muslim say to Castro's gay lover? "Stop, you are Infidel!"
3 Jewish brothers present their new invention to Henry Ford... Hymen, Norman and Maxwell Levy present their invention to Henry Ford. It's this little machine that blows cold air, thus cooling down the car in the sweltering heat.   They asked for a million dollars + stamping the name Levy on every air conditioning to seal the deal.   Henry says - look gentlemen, I'd love to buy this wonderful invention but I'm an anti-Semite, I can't have a Jewish name stamped all over my cars...  Negotiations carried on for several hours until they finally agreed to sell their invention for one million, five hundred thousand dollars without having their name on the product.   Little did Henry realize that every air conditioning had Norm, Hi and Max on it.  
What's the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew? Harry could escape the chamber.
I went to my first Muslim birthday party yesterday Most of the party games were normal, but fuck me pass the parcel was scary.
Why can't Jesus play hockey? Because he keeps getting nailed to the boards. 
What's the difference between a hooker and Jesus? The look on their face when you're nailing them.
What do you call a Catholic Missionary who is also a car enthusiast? A Catholitic Converter 
A Jew boy asks his father for $50 His father replies “45 bucks! What do you need 30 bucks for?”
Only the pope can jack off He cums closest to God
How do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer? Ash
"He who lives by the sword , dies by the sword.", said Jesus. That's why I use a hammer, it can't possibly be mistaken for a sword.  It doesn't even have any sharp edges!
What’s the difference between Jesus, and a Mexican? Jesus doesn’t have a tattoo of a Mexican *anywhere* on his body. 
Jesus takes a look at the drinks list for the apostles night out. “Okay 5 beers and 7 glasses of wine, well I could...” thinks Jesus out loud. Judas, seeing the thoughtful look on Jesus’ face replies...   “Hold on, before you start your shit Jesus, you can put a tenner in the kitty like everyone else.”
Why can't Jews be Jedi? Jedi are force-kin.
Why is crucified Jesus always depicted with six pack abs? He did CrossFit.
What do you say to a dog on their Bar/Bat Mitzvah? Muzzle Tov!
What's the jew doing inside the ashtray? Family research.
Jesus could walk on water Humans are 70% water  The Earth is also about 70% water  I can walk on this Earth and humans  70% + 70% = 140%  I'm 140% Jesus  I'm also 100% high
How did the Jewish man catch the intricate details of his favorite movie scene? He had to watch it in Shlomo.
How many Jews does it take to change a light bulb? Who needs a light bulb when you have eight candles?
How do you get a Jewish girls number? Roll up her sleeve.
I like my Jesus like I like my chicken strips... Tender and mild 
What type of bombs do muslim women love to use? Bath Bombs
What does God play on Jesus' birthday? Revelation Time! (Come on!) 
Jesus Christ fed 2,000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish But Hitler made 6,000,000 Jews toast 
What do you call a Jewish mechanic? A Michelin Mensch!
Amish wagon A Amish wife was coming home from grocery shopping and a highway patrol noticed the slow moving vehicle sign was danging and about ready to fall off. He pulls her over and explains the situation and notices the reins for the horse are wrapped around the horses balls, he points out she might fix that also. When she gets home she tells her Husband to fix the slow moving vehicle sign and check the emergency brake.
The Pope &amp; Mr. Netanyahu The Pope met with his Cardinals to discuss a proposal from Benjamin Netanyahu, the leader of Israel.  "Your Holiness", said one of his Cardinals, “Mr. Netanyahu wants to challenge you to a game of golf to show the friendship and ecumenical spirit shared by the Jewish and Catholic faiths.”   The Pope thought this was a good idea, but he had never held a golf club in his hand. “Don’t we have a Cardinal to represent me?" he asked.  "None that plays very well," a Cardinal replied. "But, there’s a man named Jack Nicklaus, an American golfer who is a devout Catholic We can offer to make him a Cardinal. Then ask him to play Mr. Netanyahu as your personal representative. In addition, to showing our spirit of cooperation, we’ll also win the match.”  Everyone agreed it was a good idea.  The call was made. Of course, Nicklaus was honored and agreed to play.  The day after the match, Nicklaus reported to the Vatican to inform the Pope of the result. “I have some good news and some bad news, your Holiness," said Nicklaus.  “Tell me the good news first, Cardinal Nicklaus," said the Pope.  “Well, your Holiness, I don’t like to brag, but even though I’ve played some pretty terrific rounds of golf in my life, this was the best I have ever played, by far. I must have been inspired from above. My drives were long and true, my irons were accurate and purposeful, and my putting was perfect. With all due respect, my play was truly miraculous.”  “There’s bad news?" asked the Pope.  “Yes, I lost by three strokes to Rabbi Tiger Woods."
Church joke A Pope came in to live in the church for a few days.The father in the church asked a boy to take up tea to the Pope in the morning and say the words "Its the boy my lord, and its time to wake up."  The next Day the boy  went with the tea but forgot the words nd knocked the door of the Pope's room nd said "ITS THE LORD MY BOY! AND YOUR TIME IS UP!"
What is Pope Francis' favorite genre of music? Shoegaze
A man hands his girlfriend a small package on Christmas morning, the size of a jewelry box. The woman gets incredibly excited and rips the package open to find a deck of playing cards.  “What the heck is this?” she yells and throws the deck of cards into the man’s lap. “What?” the man responds. “You said all you wanted for Christmas was something with diamonds in it!”
What is the difference between a catholic priest and acne? Acne waits until you're 12 years old.
I asked a catholic priest "What are some things you like to do in your free time?" He replied - 1. Children 2. Children 3. Children 4. Children 5. Children 6. Children  ......  ......  ......  2137. Children  2138. Children  2139. Children
Why wasn’t Jesus born in West Virginia? They couldn’t find 3 wise men and a virgin !
Jewish dilemma? Free ham.
Jesus walks into a Roman Bar Let's just say he got hammered...
Jesus Christ has a new grunge band. Their first song is gonna be "Hand Like A Hole."
Where do Jews really come from? They came from Jupiter.
What's the ultimate Jewish Dilemma? Free ham
Why aren't there any Muslim feminists? Pork is haram
Two Muslim Brothers Two Muslim brothers come to America and have a contest to see who can become more Americanized. A month later they get together and one proudly says "I took my son to a baseball game and we ate hot dogs!" The other replies "Fuck you, towelhead!"
What do you call a Jewish Pokémon trainer? Ash
[NSFW] A young muslim goes to a german doctor. The young muslim says "Doctor, my eyes burn everytime I have sex." The doctor replied: "That's normal, that's what happens when you get pepper sprayed."
What do Muslim men do while foreplay? Tickle the goat under it's chin.
Why did the Jewish man cross the road? To foreclose on the other side.
What did Jesus say when someone took a dump in his yard ? Holy shit !!!
Why couldn't Jesus get laid? Because every time he touched a vagina it healed.
What did the Pope say to Jesus when Pavarotti died? "Here's that $10er I owe you."
A Jewish man was leaving a convenience store... ...with his espresso when he noticed a most unusual Italian funeral procession approaching the nearby cemetery. A black hearse was followed by a second black hearse about 50 feet behind the first one. Behind the second hearse was a solitary Italian man walking a dog on a leash. Behind him, a short distance back, were about 200 men walking in single file.  The Jewish man couldn't stand the curiosity. He respectfully approached the Italian man walking the dog and said: "I am so sorry for your loss, and this may be a bad time to disturb you, but I've never seen an Italian funeral like this. Whose funeral, is it?”  "My wife's.”  ''What happened to her?”  "She yelled at me and my dog attacked and killed her.”  He inquired further, "But who is in the second hearse?”  “My mother-in-law. She came to help my wife and the dog turned on her and killed her also.”  It was a very poignant and touching moment of Jewish and Italian brotherhood. Silence passed between the two men.  The Jewish man then asked "Can I borrow the dog?”  The Italian man replied, "Get in line."   
People keep thinking jesus will come back... Cmon guys, he was tied to a cross, not a boomerang 
Catholicism is like a penis The priests try to force it on to little kids
Jewish Judge Taking his seat in his chambers, the smart, HONEST Jewish Judge faced the opposing lawyers.   "So, the Judge said, I have been presented, by both of you, with a bribe."   Both lawyers became uncomfortable.   " You, attorney John, gave me $ 50,000 and you, attorney Sam, gave me $ 60,000."   The judge now reached into his pocket and pulled out $ 10,000, He handed it to attorney Sam and said...   "Now that I'm returning $ 10,000, we're going to decide this case solely on its merits.
What is Allah's occupation? Terrorist.
A nice clean jewish joke The young rabbi was an avid golfer. Even on Yom Kippur, the holiest day of the year, he snuck out by himself for a quick nine holes.  On the last hole he teed off, and a gust of wind carried his ball directly over the hole and dropped it in for a hole in one.  An angel who witnessed this miracle complained to God,“This guy is playing golf on Yom Kippur, and you cause him to get a hole in one? This is a punishment?”  “Of course it is,” said the Lord, smiling. “Who can he tell?”
Who is the best Jewish rapper of all time? Dr Dreidel.
What's the difference between Michael Bay and a catholic priest? One gives Hollywood and the other gives holywood.
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe? If you push a canoe hard enough, it'll tip.
Why do Jewish men get circumcised? Jewish women won’t touch anything that’s not 10% off
How do you pick up a jew? With a dustpan of course!
A Jew and a gay man goes to heaven(nsfw) And saint peters says that heaven is full and the only way he'll allow them in is if the Jew stops being so cheap and the gay man stops thinking about gay sex. At that moment the Jew notices a penny on the ground and goes to pick it up and they both dropped to hell.
Jesus saw a woman being stoned and rushed to protect her.  He shouted to the crowd, "Let he who is without sin cast the next stone."  A single stone smacked Jesus on the back of the head.  He turned around and yelled, "Fuck off, mother!"
A pope in the middle ages is trying to kick the Jews out of Rome... And the Jewish population is able to convince him to hear out their side first before making them leave. The pope agrees, but the only Jewish man who thinks himself to be a good enough debater is the rabbi, Moishe. But since Moishe only speaks Hebrew and the Pope only Latin and Italian, they agree to a silent debate.  Everyone gathers in a courtyard, and the Pope begins by waving his hand in a circle around his head. Moishe responds by pointing straight at the ground below him. The Pope then replies by holding up three fingers, to which Moishe responds by holding up his middle finger. The Pope finally holds up the holy wine and bread for the eucharist, and Moishe holds up an apple. The Pope then steps down from his platform and admits defeat.  When asked to explain, the Pope said this: "First I showed him that God was everywhere, and he replied by saying that God was right here with us all. Then I showed him the Holy Trinity, to show him that our religions could never exist together; he then reminded me that though we have our differences, we share the same God. I then showed him the eucharist to remind him of Christ's sacrifice, and that wise man replied by showing me the apple, to symbolize the original sin of man which is shared by us all. At that point, I had to concede."  When posed the same question by a Jewish woman, Moishe said: "First he said we had to go out, to anywhere else; I told him to go to hell, we're staying right here. Then he said we had three days to leave, and I told him *exactly* what I thought of *that* proposition."  The Jewish woman then asked, "And that bit at the end?"  And Moishe replied, "That was just us talking about our lunches."
Peter is staring up at Jesus on the cross. Suddenly their eyes meet and Jesus calls out, "Peter! Peter!"  Peter runs to the foot of the cross but he is beaten and forced back by the Roman guards. Once again he looks up when he hears his savior cry, "Peter. Peter."  Jesus's voice is much weaker now and that spurs Peter up the hill to the foot of the cross where he is again beaten and forced back down the hill.  "Peter... Peter." The voice is very weak now and in desperation Peter fights his way to the cross, climbs up near Jesus's head and says, "Yes, My Lord?"  "Peter, I can see your house from here..." 
A Jew, a Muslim and Christian are sitting on a frozen lake A Jew a Muslim and a christian are sitting atop a frozen lake without talking to each other and none of them really makeing an effort. Suddenly an atheist walks by and thinks to himself:"Damn, they're not getting along at all, maybe I should break the ice.
After their latest score, the diverse little group of car thieves consisting of a white guy, a Jew, and a black guy were headed back to their chop shop... ...when they were t-boned by a cement truck and killed instantly. Being terrible people they were immediately sent to hell. Standing before Satan, sobbing and begging for mercy, El Diablo decided to take pity on the poor souls. "Today is actually my birthday," said the devil, "so I'm gonna offer you guys a deal. You each give me $100 and I'll give you another chance up on earth."      Back up on earth, amongst the carnage of twisted metal and yards of spilled concrete, the white guy sits up, removes the white sheet laid over him by paramedics and begins looking around. Having saw this, an EMT runs over to him and asks him bewilderedly, "How are you doing this? You were pronounced dead! What the hell happened?"  Still groggy, the white man replies, "I'm not really sure. The last thing I remember, Heimi had him him down to $79.95 and Leroy was looking for a co-signer."
Where did the Jewish kid with ADD go for the summer? Concentration Camp
A Catholic priest hears that a bus full of orphans is found. What does he say? Let us prey.
What’s the difference between a Jew and a bullet? A bullet leaves the chamber 
Where were the pasta Jews confined to during WW2? The Spaghettos.
The police pull over a car that two Catholic priests are riding in Police: We're looking for two child molesters.  Priests \[looking at each other\]: We'll do it!
What did Jesus consider when the Jews were considering taking him down from the cross? Keep me posted.
What does Pikachu and 6 million jews have in common? They're both Ashes
[NSFW] How does a Jew search for their family history? By sifting through the ashes.
A jewish father's son Goes to Israel. A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while. Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian. The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend.  The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the two of them went to see the Rabbi.  They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."  So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray. They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians."  There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . "
What do you call a Jewish Boy Scout? A happy camper.
How do Jewish kids learn to count? 10% off, 20% off, 30% off
What do you call a skydiving Muslim? A missile. 
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash
I was scanning radio stations and landed on a religious show where the host made mention of Jesus’s will. I thought “wow, someone should read that.  It would probably solve a lot of arguments.”
If jesus can walk on water, Can he swim on land?               -BoBurnham
Why did Hitler kill all the jews?  Because it was the Reich thing to do. 
Jesus vs other carpenters Usually those who've had construction work done on their house get this immediately:  Q: How is Jesus different from other carpenters?  A: Jesus may actually return some day. 
Jesus wants you to give him your soul Whereas satan is willing to buy it off you.
A jew with a boner runs into a wall. What does he break? His nose.
Never trigger a Muslim They might blow up.
I want to get a Jewish cat I'd get a Jewish dog, but I'm afraid it would get rabbi's 
Why was Jesus obsessed with crosses? He was crucifixated.
Did you know it where the muslims who invented condoms? They used sheep intestines. But after a while they came to the conclusion it would be easier if you take it out of the sheep first.
What happens to a Jewish boy's foreskin as he reaches his coming of age? (removed)
Jesus said to peter come forth and you shall receive eternal life But Peter came fifth and got a toaster 
Did Jesus ever have morning wood? He was a carpenter right? (This is courtesy of my SO)
What’s the difference between a pizza and a Jew? A pizza tastes good 
Two Jewish men were sitting in a Chinese restaurant in New York Two Jewish men, Sid and Al, were sitting in a Chinese restaurant in New York. Sid asked Al, 'Are there any Jewish people of our faith born and raised in China?’   Al replied, 'I don't know, let's just ask our waiter.'  When the waiter came by, Al asked him, 'Are there any Chinese Jews?'  The waiter said, 'I won't be knowing, but I will ask the chef. After he returned from the kitchen a few minutes later and said, 'No sir, no Chinese Jews.'   Al wasn't really satisfied with that and asked, 'Are you absolutely sure?'  The waiter, realizing he was dealing with 'foreigners' gave the expected answer, 'I check again,' and went back into the kitchen.   While the waiter was away in the kitchen, Sid said, 'I find it hard to believe that there are no Jews in China. Our people are scattered everywhere.'  The waiter returned and said, 'The Chef and the Captain my boss and they all say there is no Chinese Jews.'   'Are you certain?' Al asked once again, 'I just can't believe there are no Chinese Jews!'     Listen, I asked EVERYONE,' replied the frustrated waiter. 'All we have is Mango Jews, Pineapple Jews, Orange Jews, Coconut Jews &amp; Tomato Jews!     No Chinese Jews OK!!!!!???!!!
The Pope is going to start a Bluegrass band at the Vatican. He says he likes fiddling with the kids. 
A young catholic boy goes in for his first confession A young catholic boy goes in for his first confession.    As the boy goes into the booth he asks the priest, "What are you doing father?"    The priest answers, “Its called masturbation and soon you will be doing it."    The boy asks, "Why do you say that father?"     Priest: "Because my hand is getting tired.”
Did you hear that Jesus had to quit working out? Yeah, he did crossfit for so long, it took him three days to recover
A busload of catholic schoolgirls goes over a cliff. Everybody dies. They're lined up at the pearly gates, and St. Peter is interviewing each girl in turn.   "Have you ever been impure with a boy, Caroline?"  "Yes, sir. I *looked at* a boy's privates once."  "Well, then. Go rinse your eyes in the Holy Fountain over there. Then come on in. Welcome to heaven..."  The next girl steps up. "Have you ever been impure with a boy, Mary?"  "Yes, sir. I *touched* a boy's privates."  She's also sent over to wash her hands in holy water before entering heaven.   She's vigorously scrubbing her hands when Stephanie steps out of line and comes running over.  "Move over, Mary. I'm gonna gargle now before Jenny shoves her ass in this thing!"
How does Jesus cook his pizza? On High
Did Jesus die a virgin? I heard he got nailed...
What did the stuttering White Snake superfan say as he began to quiz the cast of Jesus Christ Superstar on horse racing? Here I go..  Here I go..  Here I go again..  What's the Preakness, Ben?
In what kind of water Muslims like to swim? Inshallah water
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the picture..
I managed to escape Neverland Ranch by taking refuge in a nearby Catholic Church. Out of the flying Pan, into the friar.
Jesus would make an excellent businessman. He was turning up prophets before he was even born.
I read this joke in a book of Jewish humor some years ago. An elderly Jewish woman was about to board an El Al flight from JFK to Tel Aviv, carrying her little lap dog in a cage, covered by a blanket.  The gate agent informed her that there was no way she could carry the dog aboard the plane, but assured her the dog would be perfectly safe in the luggage compartment, so reluctantly she gave up little Hymie to travel downstairs.  When the flight landed, the luggage handlers discovered that little Hymie was dead, so to avoid disappointing the old lady, they made up a security related excuse to keep the plane on the tarmac and all passengers aboard, while they sent agents to every pet store in Tel Aviv to find an identical looking dog.  After an hour and a half, during which all the passengers believed the security personnel were looking for a bomb or something, they made the switch, pulled up to the gate, and allowed the passengers to deplane.  The airport manager himself greeted the old lady, holding the cage with the lookalike dog happily barking inside, and told the old lady that they had kept their word and the dog was unharmed.  The old lady said, “That’s not my Hymie!”  The manager assured her it was her dog, but she insisted, saying, “My little Hymie was 18, and he died the other day.  I was bringing him to be buried in Israel!”﻿
Why are Jews bad English teachers? Because they hate Grammar Nazis
Why are Jews bad Math Teachers? Because they are afraid of the final solution
Why did the Amish guy return his new carriage? It looked really nice, but it was buggy.
Why don't Southern Baptists have sex standing up? It might lead to dancin'.
What does the Pope use to dry his hands? Papal towels. 
Whats the difference between a jew and a bullet? One leaves the chamber
Doing open mic comedy is like Catholic mass. You try to go at least once a week and leave feeling really bad about yourself.
So, the Muslim word for sin is haram... ... does that mean a Muslim's sinful girlfriend would be called a... Haram bae?   I'll see myself out.
What makes Jesus so special? People are always banging on about Jesus and how he's so great because he managed to feed the 5000 with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish, what about Hitler? He made 8 million Jews toast.
I told a joke about Muhammad to a Muslim man.. And he blew up in my face!
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and acne? Acne doesn't come on a boys face until he's 13.
A Jewish Man tries to buy a small hollow... He could've, if it wasn't for the hollow cost.
What time of day do a group of traditionalist Christian church fellowships (with Swiss Anabaptist origins) meet? 9am.. ish.
What's the difference between acne and a Catholic Priest? Acne waits till you hit puberty before coming on your face 
The Pope is giving a speech at Yankee Stadium... He gets off his plane and hops immediately into the car with his driver in the front. The Pope looks at his watch and realizes how late he is. "Hey, Mr. Driver, can you go a little faster, please?" "I'm sorry your Holiness, I've been told to drive the limit for your safety." "Oh for the love of God, let me drive." The driver pulls over and switches seats with the Pope, not wanting to upset him. The Pope takes off going 90 on the freeway. He sees police lights in his rearview mirror, sighs, and pulls over. The Pope rolls down the window for the officer. "Oh, hello your Holiness... just give me one second" the officer says and he goes to call his Captain. "Cap, I just pulled someone over and he's super famous." "Oh, like an athlete?" "No no much more famous." "Who then, Leo DiCaprio?" "No, more famous than that!" "Well who the hell is it?!" "Well, I'm not sure but he's so famous that the Pope is driving him!"
What do a catholic priest and a silver medalist have in common? They both came in a little behind. 
A Jewish man is walking down the street, One day, a Jew is walking down the street, he bumps into a sign, shakes his head and looks up and notices, it's a large billboard with a photo of Hitler. Anger fills his thoughts, he suddenly cleans out his throat and nose and spits it all over the face of Hitler. Suddenly a near by Lebanese man appears, he asks the Jewish man,  "sir, how come you spit on that bilbaord?"  The Jew replied,  "because that mother fucker killed 6 million of my people.  The Lebanese man then looks at the billboard, spits on it 5 times worse than the Jewish man.  The Jewish man asks,  "why did you do that? " "because that mother fucker didn't finish you guys off!" said the Lebanese man.
What do you do with a suidical jew? Her name's Hannah and you Baker.
A Christian, an Atheist, and a Muslim met at the DMV They decided to have a contest to see whose belief system was best.  Each of them would drive 10-15 miles over the speed limit everywhere they went and whoever could use their beliefs to get out of a ticket would be the winner.  They agreed to meet up again next month.  A month later they reconvened.  The Christian sighed and showed his ticket and said, "Before I left the house I prayed to Jesus to protect me from the police, but I was pulled over and the officer reminded me 'render unto Ceaser what is Ceaser's' and I agreed to pay the ticket,"  The atheist sighed and showed his ticket and said, "Before I left the house, I hacked the police database and downloaded their patrol matrix to calculate the safest routes and time to speed, but I was pulled over by a cop who was not following his correct route and he reminded me, 'In every system there will be anomalies and unknowns,"  The Muslim laughed and said, "Before I left the house I ate some bacon, told my wife she could wear her mini-skirt in public, spent my jizya money on rum, and after I was coked to the gills I donned my turban, stole a car, and started speeding down the highway breaking 100 most of the way,"  "What?!" the other exclaimed, "How did you not get a ticket?"  "When I got pulled over, that is when I called upon God.  I began to rock back and forth and chanted, 'Allahu Akbar!  Allahu Akbar!' and wouldn't you know it, that cop ran away and sped off!"
Jews and Chimneysweeps. After the assassination of Tsar Alexander II of Russia, a government official in Ukraine menacingly addressed the local rabbi,   "I suppose you know in full detail who was behind it."  "Ach," the rabbi replied, "I have no idea, but the government's conclusion will be the same as always: they will blame the Jews and the chimneysweeps."  "Why the chimneysweeps?" asked the befuddled official.  "Why the Jews?" responded the rabbi.
[NSFW] What is a Pornstar's favorite jewelry? A pearl necklace.
There were three country churches in a small Texas town: Presbyterian, Methodist and Catholic Each church was overrun with pesky squirrels. One day, the Presbyterian church called a meeting to decide what to do about the squirrels.   After much prayer and consideration they determined that the squirrels were predestined to be there and they shouldn't interfere with God's divine will.  The Methodist group got together and decided that they were not in a position to harm any of God's creations.  So, they humanely trapped the squirrels and set them free a few miles outside of town. Three days later, the squirrels were back.  It was only the Catholics who were able to come up with the best and most effective solution:  They baptized the squirrels and registered them as members of the church. Now they see them only on Christmas and Easter.
A woman in a jewelry store farted..... .....while bending over looking at a beautiful diamond ring. She looks around embarrassed and see the salesman standing behind her. Totally professional he say " Good day madam how may I help u?" Hoping maybe he hadn't heard her accident she ask, " Sir what's the price for this lovely ring?" He answered madam if u fart by just looking at it, you're going to shit when I tell you the price!!!!
This morning I passed by a car that had a handicap marker and a bumper sticker that read "JESUS IS STILL THE ANSWER". Made me laugh anyway.
What's the difference between a jew and a canoe? Canoes tip. 
How did Jesus' crucifixion save us? Because he nailed it.
Mary: Jesus sit yo ass down! Jesus: Yes mother.  So Jesus sat down on the floor, criss-cross.
Where do Muslims buy their groceries? Halaldi
What state has the highest Muslim population? Al-Abama
Why does the Pope kiss the ground after he lands? He flies Alitalia.
What’s the similarities between a jew and a stiff nipple? They both disappear after a hot shower. 
Jesus knocks on God's door "Hey, Dad," he says as he enters his office, "the atheists are here to see you."  God replies: "Tell them I'm not here."
Jesus walks into a hotel He hands the inn keeper 3 nails and asks, "Could you put me up for the night?"  Credit to the movie "The Crow"  Edit: I'm going to hell.
How many jews fit inside a car? Two in the front seats,   Two in the backseats,   And a few hundred in the ashtray
What is the difference between Jews and Santa Claus? Santa goes down the chimney.
What do Jewish kids say to their Christian friends at Christmas? Sorry we killed your saviour, can we play with his new toys.
What did Jesus say to Melchior? Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!
What do you call a Muslim movie studio? Ali Wood
What do you call a half-Irish and half-Jewish person? A JudeoCelt.
Did you know that Jesus was both an exhibitionist and a premature ejaculator? "Behold, I come quickly."
Where are Muslims going to pray when they go to Mars? Elon's Mosque
Why isnt jesus from Mexico? Because they couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin.  (My favorite joke of all time.)
How do you know a Jewish man is turned on? His penis is finally the same size as his nose. 
Missionaries went to Jewish family's house, knocked on the door and asked: "Did you read the Bible?" The reply was: "We wrote it."
Why was Jesus such a hit with the ladies? He was well hung. 
What is Jesus's favorite workout? Cross fit 
A Jewish shopkepper is educating his son "Ethics is the most important aspect of business." he explains.  "What is ethics?" asks his son.  "Imagine that a client comes in and buys a jacket paying with a 100 dollar bill. As he leaves I notice that he gave me two bills that stuck together."   "And now the ethics comes into consideration: Should I tell my partner or not?"
Why are Catholic priests always referred to as "father"? Because "daddy" would make it too obvious.
Why couldn't the Jewish banana get laid? Because he lacked a peel
I'm starting to think this country really is run by Jews But it's still only my first week in Israel
I was going to make a joke about Muslims But they just don’t fly around here 
What's the difference between a Catholic Priest and Acne? Acne waits until you're 12 before it comes on your face. 
I’m not anti-Semitic, I had a Jewish friend once. Then I found out he was Jewish.
What do you call an Amish person sticking his hand up a horse's ass? A mechanic
While Jesus was on the stake, he calls out to Peter.... "Peter, come. Come."  So Peter says "Yes, My Lord." He goes to approach Jesus but the guards stop him, and they cut off his arm. So Peter runs away.   Later, he comes back and he hears Jesus.   "Peter, come. Come."  So Peter says "Yes, My Lord." He goes to approach Jesus but the guards stop him again, and cut off his other arm. So Peter retreats.   After a while he returns and hears Jesus.   "Peter, come. Come."  So Peter sighs but is determined, "Yes, My Lord." Again, the guards stop him and cut off his leg this time. So Peter flees.   Once more Peter returns and he hears Jesus.   "Peter, come. Come here Peter."  As Peter hops over, the guards feel sorry for him and let him pass. Once Peter is with Jesus, "Yes, My Lord? I'm here."  Jesus says "I can see your house from here."
Why do jews have big noses? Because air is free
Why do people say Jesus Christ is going to come back? It's not like he's been crucified to a boomerang or something.
Gonna start a new ride sharing service called Jewber Operates six days a week.
When Muslims go to mars, where will they pray? Elon’s Mosque
Jesus is sitting in a bar... The bartender was drying the beer mugs, when an elderly Irishman came in. With great difficulty, the Irishman hoisted his bad leg over the barstool, pulled himself up painfully, and asked for a sip of Irish whiskey. The Irishman looked down the bar and said, "Is that Jesus sitting down there?" The bartender nodded, so the Irishman told him to give Jesus an Irish whiskey, too. The next patron to come in was an ailing Italian with a hunched back, who moved very slowly. He shuffled up to the barstool and asked for a glass of Chianti. He also looked down the bar and asked if that was Jesus sitting at the end of the bar. The bartender nodded, so the Italian said to give Him a glass of Chianti, too. The third patron to enter the bar was a redneck, who swaggered into the bar and hollered, "Barkeeper, set me up a cold one! Hey, is that God's Boy down there?" The barkeeper nodded, so the redneck told him to give Jesus a cold one, too.  As Jesus got up to leave, he walked over to the Irishman and touched him and said, "For your kindness, you are healed!" The Irishman felt the strength come back to his leg, so he got up and danced a jig out the door. Jesus touched the Italian and said, "For your kindness, you are healed!" The Italian felt his back straighten, so he raised his hands above his head and did a flip out the door.  Jesus walked toward the redneck, but the redneck jumped back and exclaimed, "Don't touch me! I'm drawin' disability!"  And YES, I know that a "redneck" is actually a West Virginia coal miner. Just substitute your favorite pejorative and laugh.
A Jewish man Sent his son on a trip to Israel When his son returned, it was brought up that, while on the trip, he had converted to Christianity. Distraught, the Jewish man went to a close friend of his and explained the situation.   The other man replied, "Well that's strange, I too sent my son to Israel a Jew, and he too came back a Christian!" The two men were saddened, yes, but also intrigued. They went to their Rabbi with the concerns, again explaining the situation.  As they were explaining what had happened, the Rabbi had a pained look on his face, and when they were done he responded, "Well that's strange, my son went on the same trip as a Jew, and he too came back a Converted Christian!"  The three men devised a plan to figure out what was going on. They got on a plane and flew to Israel, determined to find out what was converting their sons! They found nothing, and went to the West Wall to pray about it. They screamed to the sky, "GOD, WE HAVE SENT OUR SONS TO ISRAEL AS JEWS, AND THEY CAME BACK CHRISTIAN, WHY HAVE YOU DONE THIS TO US?!"  There was a moment of complete silence, followed by a booming voice from the sky...  "Well that's strange..."
Why Does Popeye Have Such Large Forearms? He's a lonely sailor. ;)
What's a pirates favorite number? (Jewish joke) Arrrrrrrrrrrba!! 
What do you call a Jewish circumcision? A ripoff.
What's the difference between a Jewish guy and a woman who makes beer? One's a Hebrew, the other's a Shebrew.
Why doesn't Jesus play basketball anymore? Because he died on the cross. 
All these Muslims hitting people with cars... If the men are this bad at driving, I see why they don't let their women drive.  
What do you call Jesus' exercise routine? Crossfit.
What do Juul and the Catholic Church have in common? They both have an interest in vaping children.
"Do you know why the Amish girl was excommunicated?" "Too Mennonite."  \-Christopher Hitchens
What do you call a Jewish person who is suicidal? A Yamikaze. 
What do you call a drunk Muslim? Muhammered.
Q: What’s the difference between a Catholic wife and a Jewish wife? A: A Catholic wife has real orgasms and fake jewelry.
A Jew Gesundheit
Why can’t Jesus eat M&amp;M’s? Because they fall through the holes in his hand.
I know people really like Chinese Bears and jewelry, so I was gonna make a joke about them... But that would be panda ring.        Edit: I have no idea why this was tagged under "Religion"
What's the wurst thing about being a black Jew? Having to sit in the back of the oven.
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash
Why do Jews have such large noses? Air is free
Shit, shit, shit. Jesus is going to get pissed off We missed his birthday by a few months, do you think anyone will notice?
A Muslim walks into a bar. KABOOM
An old Jewish mother complains to her friend, "My son Joey converted to Christianity." Her friend says, "My God, my Eddy also converted! What can we do about it?"  &amp;#x200B;  The first woman responds, "The only thing we can do is pray."  &amp;#x200B;  So, the two of them head to the synagogue, where they sit down with prayer books and pour out their hearts to the Almighty. After a few minutes, they hear a booming voice coming out of nowhere.  &amp;#x200B;  "How am I supposed to help?" God says, irritated. "My son converted to Christianity too!"
Why did the Catholic priest like Sunday so much? It's a holy day with many young holes to fill!
Where does a Muslim moth go to pray? The mothque.
Jesus Christ and his friends are out for fun. After drinking some glasses and talking about man-stuff, Jesus tells them the secret that he is over 30 and still a virgin!  His friends decide that they can not leave it that way...especially because he is the son of god... and drag him to the next brothel. They pay him the next best hooker girl and put both to a room and shut the door. Relaxed they started drinking a few more bottles when suddenly the door of the room opens, the hooker runs out naked, crying and shouting, and disappears in the dark of the night. Jesus walks out and smiles. His friends ask what just happened?  Jesus: "Well, she showed me her wound and I healed it"
What’s the difference between Jesus and a painting of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang up the painting.
What did the Pope say when he met a famous children’s author? Hey, Seuss!
A Jew and Arab walk into a bakery... The Arab immediately steals 3 pastries and puts them in his pocket.  He says to the Jew, "See how good I am? The owner didn't see a thing." The Jew says to the Arab, "That's typical of you Arabs. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result."  He goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick."  Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. The Jew swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then the Jew swallows that one and asks for a third pastry and eats that, too.  The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "So what did you do with the pastries?"  The Jew replies, "Look in the Arab's back pocket....."
A muslim walks into a bar No one survived the blast.
Why do Jewish men get circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't at least 30 percent off 
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews? Harry came back to life
What workout routine did Jesus stick to best? Crossfit
A Chinese man and a Jewish man are in an elevator.. ..As they ascend floors, the Jewish man turns to the Chinese man and blurts out "You know what.. I don't like Chinese people too much." Taken back, the Chinese man asks him why. "Because you guys were responsible for Pearl Harbor!" Shocked, the Chinese man responds "That was the Japanese.." The Jew snapped back "Chinese, Japanese, Taiwanese, you're all the same."  Understandably perturbed, the Chinese man retorts: "Well you know what? I don't really like Jews too much.." Expectedly, the Jewish man asks him why. "Because you guys sunk the Titanic!" Flabbergasted, the Jewish man exclaims, "What are you talking about!? That was an iceberg.."  "Iceberg, Greenberg, Steinberg, you're all the same!"
I knew a Muslim kid in college who was notorious for always being late for class We called him 9/12.
What do Jesus and Muhammad have in common? They both nailed a 2x4.
ISLAM is religion of peace?? a piece of you here, a piece of you there, just a lot of pieces of your body flying
Why was Jesus not born in Somalia? He couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin ..... Kill me 
A guy walks into a Muslim bookstore wearing a Make America Great Again hat... As he was wandering around taking a look, the clerk asked if he could help the man find anything.  The man asked, "Do you have a copy of Donald Trump’s autobiography?"   The clerk responded, "Sorry, we don't sell pornography." 
A Muslim man wearing a Make America Great Again hat . . . walks into a bookstore. After browsing around for a while a young woman in a headscarf walks up and says "Salaam, friend. I can't help but notice the hat you're wearing. You can't really support Trump, can you?"  Checking to make sure no one is listening, he whispers, "no, of course not, but keep your voice down."  She whispers back "Then why the hat?"  He says, "oh, thats easy. I'm starting a garden."  She replies, "A garden? What does that have to do with anything?"  He says "Ha! You try walking up to the counter with a stack of books about fertilizer and see what happens!"
Why do Italians and Jews get along so well? Both cultures are based on food and guilt 
What did Jesus say during round 2 with Mary Magdalene? Prepare for my second coming.
What do you call a Jewish minister that barbecues? A Ribeye.
What's the difference between a Jew and a boy scout? The boy scout made it out of camp.
A catholic priest walks into a bar.. He was trying to get out of his cell again.
A new survey was taken on rape in the the neighborhoods being taken over by Muslims in Europe. It turns out that of everyone involved in gang rapes 9/10 enjoyed them. 
Destroy America in the name of Allah. VOTE 1. Donald Trump.
Why did Mary Magdalen love Jesus? *Spreads arms* Because he was hung like this
What do you call a protestant in love? A Popeless romantic.
Jesus was angrily looking at the bill from the last supper... "Why the hell did you guys order wine??"
How do you keep a Baptist from drinking all your beer on a fishing trip?  Invite two of them.
A Jew and Priest are walking down the street... A Jew and a Priest are walking down the street they spot a drunk kid passed out on the sidewalk. The Priest looks at the Rabbi and says "Hey lets screw him." the Rabbi responds "OK, outta what?"
A Jew ish man and a Chinese man are sitting next to each other at a bar A Jewish man and a Chinese man are sitting next to each other at a bar, and it's very apparent that they hate hate each other.   They exchange hateful glances for a couple drinks until finally the Jewish man speaks  Jewish man: "you know what? I don't like the Chinese!"  Chinese man: "well why not?"  Jewish man: "because they bombed Pearl Harbor!"  Chinese man: "that wasn't the Chinese! That was the Japanese!"  Jewish man: "oh Japanese, Chinese, taiwanese, they're all the same to me!"  Chinese man: "well I don't like Jews!"  Jewish man: "why do you hate the Jews?"  Chinese man: "they sank the titanic!"  Jewish man: "that wasn't the Jews, that was an iceberg!"  Chinese man: "iceberg, Rosenberg, Goldberg, they're all the same to me!"
Walking on the river, Jesus gets exhausted and goes into a bar to quench his thirst... Jim: That doesn't make sense, he can turn water into wine  DS: False, wine doesn't quench thirst and he can't turn water into beer.
I farted in front on my Jewish friends They complained but I said “Hey, a little gas never killed anyone!”
Jesus said to John "come forth and you shall receive eternal life"... But John came 5th and won a toaster
You know what I heard about the Jewish homeland? Israeli cool.
Jesus said unto his disciples "Truthfully I speak when I say unto thou:  y = x^2"   The disciples listened, conferred a bit between themselves, and Peter raises his head and says: "Lord, we don't understand"   "It's a parabola, you idiots"
Jesus said that he who lives by the sword shall die by the sword Seeing as how he was a carpenter who died by being nailed to a piece of wood, I think he was onto something.
How does Jesus make tea? He brews it.
What's the difference between the Pope and Poop? Poop never tries to go back in after you force it out. 
Jewish and black kid A Jewish and black kid asked his teacher one day "am I more black or more Jewish?" The teacher didn't know how to answer, so he told the boy to ask his rabbi. So, the boy asks his rabbi "am I more Jewish or more black?" The rabbi told him to ask his mother. So the boy ran home and asked his mom "am I more Jewish or more black?" The mom tells him to go ask his father. So the boy goes to his dad and says "dad, my teacher told me to ask my rabbi who told me to ask my mom who told me to ask you, am I more Jewish or more black? I really have to know." The dad tells him "son, I'm black and your mom is Jewish, so you're equal halves. Why do you need to know so bad?" The boy replies, "there's a kid selling a bike down the street and I wanna know if I should haggle or just steal it."
Do you know why the Amish girl was excommunicated? Too Mennonite 
What do you call a Jewish Pokémon trainer? Ash.
What do you do when a Jew is feeling homesick? Play him some Wagner
I'm pretty sure Jesus was gay "Ah, men"
What do you call a Jewish person with autism? Auschwistic
The Pope walks into a synagogue The rabbi says, "Why the wrong faith?"
A Jewish girl asked me for her number I told her we use names here
My son's teacher called and said my son might be the next Jesus because they crucified him on the playground  I said: well give it three days
I saw the Pope at a football match.. I heard he plays as well and he can whip in a good cross. 
A pair of Amish girls visiting NYC decide to try hot dogs for the first time They buy two hot dogs wrapped in foil from a street vendor and sit down on a nearby bench, excited to finally try this modern cuisine.   The first girl opens the foil, blushes with embarrassment, and shyly asks the second girl, "What part of the dog did you get?"
Why did all the ladies love Jesus? (Imagine a man with his arms extended out to the sides) Because he was hung like THIS!
Jesus is pretty hot... Ecce homo
Who was the best financier in the Bible? Noah. He floated his stock while the whole world was in liquidation.
What happens when a man of jewish descent runs into a wall with an erection? He breaks his nose.
A Catholic priest, a child molester, and a rapist walks into a bar Then he orders a whiskey.
What's the difference between Jews in WW2 and Jews now? About 6 million
So Hulk became a Muslim... He changes his catchphrase from 'Hulk Smash!' to 'I Slam!'
Twelve of Jesus's closest followers have been accused of slaughtering a herd of cattle. Police are treating it as apostle bull murder.
I'm Catholic just like I'm Straight I'm not, but I pretend to be around my family.
The children were lined up in the cafeteria of a Catholic elementary school for lunch. At the head of the table was a large pile of apples.. The nun made a note, and posted on the apple tray: “Take only ONE . God is watching.” Moving further along the lunch line, at the other end of the table was a large pile of chocolate chip cookies. A child had written a note, “Take all you want. God is watching the apples”
A drunk staggers into a Catholic Church He enters a confessional booth, sits down but says nothing. The Priest coughs a few times to get his attention but the drunk just sits there.    Finally, the Priest pounds three times on the wall. The drunk mumbles, "Ain't no use knockin', there's no paper on this side either”.
Imagine black Jesus. "I rode into Jerusalem on an ass" "yo mama's ass"
Why is the Catholic church against abortion? Less victims for the priests to choose from.
What's the difference between Jesus and Mary Magdalene? Jesus only got nailed three times...
Why are Muslims good at math? Because they're radical
Whats the Jewish version of Elf on a Shelf Mensch on a bench
Two jewish friends pass a catholic church... Two jewish friends pass a catholic church on which a large poster addresses non-catholocs: “come to us, accept catholicism, and you instantly get $30,000 in cash!” While walking away, the two friends engage in a debate about wether the offer is meant seriously. A week later, the two friends pass by the same church again and one confides in the other “I still wonder if that offer is serious.” The other replies condescendingly: “ah, you jews, all you think about is money!”
A Jewish military man from Israel told me this joke. Deep in the desert. Mehmet, an Arabic fighter (Or militant, if you will) with an AK47 handgun is chasing a lone Israeli soldier, let's call him Mosche.   Mehmet closes on Mosche and starts firing at him but misses. The chase continues, there is quite a lot of firing from Mehmet and quite a lot of bullet dodging from Mosche.  At one point Mehmet tries to fire again only to realise he's out of ammunition.  Mosche turns to Mehmet triumphantly, looks him squarely in the eye, and says: "I got some bullets in the bag. Wanna buy?"
Why could Jesus have never been born in Australia? Seriously, you really think you're going to find 3 wise men and a virgin down there?
Why was god so upset with Jesus He was always stoned 
What did the jew say when he was captured by the nazis? Au, Shwitz.  Edit: Thanks to all 8 of you guys.
Some Jehovah's Witnesses knocked on my door and asked me if I'd found Jesus. I told them, "I didn't know he was lost."
I tried ro gate crash an Amish party. They said sorry, at the door, "We only allow Amish people inside and we saw you park your car in front of us!" So I get into my car and grow a beard...both of those guys had one.  I go back a year later to the same party but this time I'm on a bicycle.  This time I get into the party, but I'm thrown out for textibg "#AMISHMASH" because I was using technology.  So I go to confessional and tell the preacher that "I don't know houlw you do it, goingo to theses Amish parties!' For he was whom I had gotten the invitations from, to go to these Amish parties.  He tells me "Oh,  My boy.  I told you to remiss your sins, not Amish them!"
What do you call a Muslim getting baptized? A bath bomb
Jesus, Depeche Mode and Bob Dylan are in a paint business together. Depeche Mode and Jesus co-own a paint store and their only employee is Bob Dylan. One day they go to check how things are and they find Bob all sweaty, angry and running all over the place with buckets of blue paint.   - What's the story Bob? asks Jesus but Bob Dylan remains silent.  A few minutes go by and nothing changed.   - Bob, are you alright? ask the Depeche Mode guys. Again, Bob doesn't answer.   Jesus is really pissed by now so he smashes all the windows and yells at Bob Dylan  - Bob, you are being disrespectful and you are not answering our questions. What is happening?  Bob stops for a second and turns to Jesus.  - It's nothing personal Jesus, I'm just tangled up in blue. 
How did Mary and Joseph know that Jesus was 7lbs 2oz? They had a weigh in a manger.
Why couldn’t Mary and Joseph find a Hotel during Jesus’ birth? It’s always so busy around Christmas time
Why did Jesus walk across the water to get to his apostles? Because Jesus only does the breast stroke when he's with Mary Magdalene.
Jesus and his disciples walk into a bar... Jesus asks for a table for 26.  The waiter says, 'but there is only 13 of you'  Jesus replies, 'yeah but we're all going to sit on the same side'
Jesus walks into an Inn and places three nails on the bar. "Is this enough to put me up for the night?" 
Why does Jesus always go first when the disciples go Curling? Because they let he who is without sin cast the first stone!
Jesus was walking through Nazareth... ...and he comes upon a crowd of people all shouting angrily and shaking fists full of rocks. Working his way to the front he finds a woman on the floor at the front of the crowd, her clothes ripped and with bruises and cuts to her body.  He turns to one of the most voracious members of the crowd and asks him 'What's going on? Why are you doing this?' The man shouts in reply 'She's an adulteress whore, and will be stoned to death for her sins.' Jesus shakes his head and steps out in front, raising his hands to silence the crowd. 'Let he who is without sin cast the first stone.' From the back of the crowd a rock flies through the air, smacking the adulteress in the middle of the temple and knocking her unconscious at best. Jesus sighs, droops his head and puts his hands on his hips. Finally raising his head he speaks to the crowd again 'You know what mother sometimes you really piss me off'.
The Pope is an addict I read an article today which said that the Pope is addicted to cats.  Apparently he is a Cat-holic.
Why do Jewish men get circumcised? Because Jewish women won’t touch anything that isn’t at least 20% off...  Source: am Jewish man
"Dad, can I borrow 20 dollars" the young Jewish boy asks... "10 dollars!?! Why do you need 5 dollars?!?" 
Arnold has a big one. Brad has a small one. The Pope doesn't use it. Obviously, I'm talking about their last names. 
A jewish couple where walking the streets of Rome on vacation. They walk past a fancy restaurant and  the wife  says " mmm that place smells amazing!". The Husband replies "   You're right it does smell really good. If you want  on the way back  to the hotel  we can walk  by this same place again"
What do you call a Jew that died in a lab accident? Acidic Jew
What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer? Ash.
Mexicans and Muslims have a lot in common now... If you've seen Juan, you've seen Amal.
Dave is the Pope's new shofer. After a tragic accident they get to the pearly gates. God opens the gates to greet them and says "Dave, who is your friend?"
Why don't Muslims support Harambe? Because *haram* it would *be*
The Pope dies and goes to Heaven... When he gets there, he finds he's being judged at the same time as Donald Trump. Saint Peter declares that the pope is going to hell and Trump is going to heaven. The pope is outraged and asks how someone as pious as he is going to hell, and someone like Trump could achieve heaven. "Well," says Saint Peter. "When you were elected, you didn't do that much to increase piety in the world. But Donald Trump? After he was elected, we couldn't believe how much the Americans were praying."
What do you say to a black jew? Get to the back of the oven.
How did the Jewish Pedophile try to pick up kids? Hey, you kids wanna buy some candy?
I'm a proud catholic I can't help myself, cats are just too damn cute!
Whats the only thing a muslim can eat while fasting Fast food
Jesus is Watching you. A thief breaks into a house and starts to steal some things when he hears a soft voice.  "Jesus is watching you."  He hesitates, but moves farther into the house and keeps stealing. Louder this time he hears, "Jesus is watching you."  The thief moves into the living room, looking for the voice, and finds a room decked out in Christian pictures, sayings, and sculptures. In one corner, in front of a massive Jesus on the cross sits a parrot who says, "Jesus is watching you."  The thief laughs and says, "And I suppose your name is Jesus?"  The parrot replies, "No. My name is Moses. Jesus is the Rottweiler standing right behind you." 
A Jew meets the Pope A Jew applied for an audience with the Pope. After insistently waiting for three days and refusing to budge before an audience with the pontiff, he was finally granted one...  'Your Holiness, I come from a long line of cooks', said the Jew.  'That's very nice', said the Pope. 'What can I do for you?'  'My father was a cook too. So was my grandfather', said the Jew.  'I gather', said an increasingly bored pontiff.  'In fact, my ancestors have been cooks for over 2000 years', the Jew kept pressing.  At his wit's end, the pontiff replied,  'You have been on and on about this since you walked in... What can I do about that and how can I help you, young man?'  'Your Holiness', said the Jew, 'the last supper hasn't been paid for...'  ��
Why are all vaginas Jewish? Because they all have labia minora.
Why are Jews circumcised? Cuz Jewish gals won't take anything that isnt at least 10% off
Does typical Jewish humor exist? And if yes, why not?
How many jews can fit in a car   Two in the front  Two in the back  And 20,000,000 in the ashtray  
How did the Jewish hitman kill his target? Hebrew his brains out...
If a Jewish man wants to eat.... his wife's pussy, does it have to be blessed by a rabbi?
Jesus may have walked on water But Stephen Hawking can run on batteries
What do Black Holes and the Catholic Church have in common? They both have a lot of mass that you cannot escape!
How do you get a Jew inside of a car? Throw 1p inside.  How do you get them out again?  Tell them hitlers driving.
Jesus never shuts the door behind himself. Because he was born in a barn.
So I went fishing with this Jesus guy. Boat started sinking. I said What do we do now? He said never mind we'll walk.
Why are there no Jewish male pedophiles? Because not even the pleasure of hard candy is enough to make them spend a dollar on grooming a child.
What do you call a Jewish Pokémon trainer? Ash
How do you know when you're in a Jewish house? When there is a fork in the sugar bowl.
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew? You have to stand at the back of the gas chamber. 
What do you call a Jewish baby in the womb? A bun in the oven.
What Do You Call a Jewish Pokémon Trainer? answer: ash
A boy asks his Jewish Dad for 20 bucks "Dad, can I have 20 bucks" "I dont have 10 bucks, I mean what are you going with 5 bucks, I mean 2 bucks wont get you far, Heres a dollar, go give half to your brother and bring me the change"
As a firm believer in Jesus, I would never have premarital sex... I read about what happened to the guys that crossed him the first time.
A black Jewish boy runs home from school one day and asks his father, "Daddy, am I more Jewish or more black?" The dad replies, "Why do you want to know, son?"  "Because a kid at school is selling a bike for $50 and I want to know if I should talk him down to $40 or just steal it!"
Why did the Jew sound-proof his house? So his kids can’t hear the ice cream truck.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You need only one nail to hang the picture. 
What is a Jewish person's favorite letter? not Z
Some people think that Jesus didn’t exist But I think he Israel 
What do you call a Muslim abortion clinic? counter terrorism
What do Jewish pedophiles say? "Hey kid, want to buy some candy?”
Why did the jew leave the party early? He had gas.
So the Pope was feeling ill His people brought in a team of doctors to diagnose him.  The doctors called a meeting with the Pope and all of his advisers to share the news.    The lead doctor started "Gentleman, we have some bad news.  The Pope has a very rare condition and there is only one cure,  he has to have sex otherwise he will die, there is nothing else we can do."  The Pope thanked the doctors and asked them to leave.  He and his top advisers then debated the issue.  Eventually they all urged him to do it.  They thought that preserving his life was more important than the vow of celibacy.    "I have some thinking to do" said the Pope, "Let's reconvene in an hour and I will have my decision."  An hour passed and everyone gathered in the room again to hear what the Pontiff had decided.   "I have decided that I will have sex with a woman, and that life is more important than the vow I have taken" said the Pope, "But I do have three conditions which must be met in order for me to do this act"  "Of course your holiness! What are the conditions?" said an adviser  "First, the woman must be blind, so she cannot see who she is having sex with" Said the Pope  "Ok, we can make that happen" said the adviser  "Second, she must be deaf, so she cannot hear who she is having sex with"  "Um, ok, I'm sure we can find someone like that..."  The adviser replied, "And the third thing?"  "Big tits"
A muslim walks into a bar. The Allahu Ak-bar.
A Jewish Rabbi, Hindu Pujari, and Evangelical Christian Pastor all arrive in a small town.... A Jewish Rabbi, Hindu Pujari, and Evangelical Christian Pastor all arrive in a small town holding a regional religious exchange conference.   However, upon arriving at the very last motel on the edge of town at the same time, the manager says, "I'm sorry gentlemen, but I only have one room left, and it only sleeps two. However, I may have a solution for you. The old farmer across the street lets us store old furniture in his barn, and one of you could sleep there for the night, free of charge for a man of the cloth.   The men agree and set about deciding how to arrange the accommodations.  The Indian man says, "Oh, I grew up on a farm and still think of them like a second home. I'll happily stay in the barn."  The other two men settle into their beds, and about twenty minutes later there's a knock at the door; it's the Indian man:   "I'm so sorry, my friends, I did not know there was a cow in the barn. We revere them, you see, and it would be entirely inappropriate for me to sleep among them."  So the Rabbi says, "Well that's ridiculous, but I understand. I grew up in a small village, and am no stranger to the country. I'll stay in the barn."  They all retire, but twenty minutes later there is a knock at the door; it's the Jewish man:  "I'm so sorry, gentlemen, but you didn't tell me there was a pig in the barn. They are unclean animals, and I can't even eat out of a kitchen where pork has been prepared, let alone sleep in the same room as one!"  So the Evangelical, with no option remaining hesitantly volunteers to sleep in the barn himself.    Twenty minutes later there's a knock at the door; *it's the cow and the pig*. 
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes 1 nail to hang up the picture.
Why did Jesus look so ripped during Crucifixion? CrossFit
How five Jews changed the way we see the world: Moses: "The Law is everything"  Jesus: "Love is everything"  Marx: "Money is everything"  Freud: "Sex is everything"  Einstein: "Everything is relative"
Jesus is walking around in heaven one day... Jesus is walking around in heaven one day, checking in on everybody to make sure they're enjoying the place.  He checks in with Mother Teresa and sure enough, there she is in the middle of a party having a grand time with all her friends. So Jesus moves on.  He checks in on Martin Luther next and he's having a great time with all his loved ones around the dinner table. Satisfied, Jesus moves on to the next one.  On his way to see John the Baptist, Jesus comes across a man sitting in a corner crying. Shocked that anyone could be upset in heaven Jesus walks over to the gentleman.  "What do you think you're doing, son?" Jesus asked. "You had better cut that out. There are people here who went to church fifteen times a week to get up here. What if they all started crying too? You had better stop that right now or you'll bring the morale of the whole place down. Alright?"  "I'm sorry. I just can't find him anywhere and I've looked all over." The man said, still crying.  "What do you mean? Who can't you find?"  The man wipes the tears from his eyes to address Jesus.  "When I was down on Earth I was a carpenter. I had this boy that I loved with all my heart and when he grew up, I wanted him to go into the family business with me. Then when he turned thirty he went off with this flock of guys, I think there was about twelve of them, on some adventure... And he died!... He died for goodness sake. I don't know, I just thought that once I got up here I'd-"  Jesus, with tears flowing down his face, shouts, "Father!? How I've missed you!"  The man shoots to his feet and exclaims, "Pinocchio! I can't believe you're here!"
What's the difference between a catholic priest and zits? Zits wait until you're at least 12 to come on your face. 
Why does the Catholic Church have so much money? Because Jesus saves.
Did you hear about the gunfight in the Catholic church? Mass Shooting
Vatican to elevate pope Francis to sainthood-report Reports are emerging from the vatican that the current pope will be recommended for sainthood due to his compassion for his fellow man. When asked about the holy father's reaction, a vatican official said, 'In keeping with modern times, the pontiff would like to be the patron saint of email, St.Francis of a cc'
A Jew, a Muslim, and a lawyer are driving on a rural road. The car breaks down, leaving them stranded with no signal, so they leave the car and find a farmhouse. They say to the man who answers the door, "Our car won't work and we need shelter for the night. Can you provide it?" The farmer replies, "Of course. But there's only enough room in the house for two of you. The other will have to sleep in the barn." The group decides to draw straws to see who will sleep in the barn. The Jew draws the short one and heads out. A few minutes later there's a knock at the door. The farmer opens it and the Jew is standing there. "I'm sorry sir, but I can't sleep in that barn. There's a pig in there. In my religion, pigs are considered unclean." Seeing the problem, the Muslim and the lawyer draw straws. The Muslim draws the short one and goes out to the barn, planning to ignore the pig. A few minutes later there's a knock at the door. The Muslim is standing there.  "I'm sorry sir, but I can't sleep in the barn. There's a dog in there, and in my religion dogs are considered unclean." Feeling left with no choice, the lawyer agrees to go out to the barn. A few minutes later there's a knock at the door. The dog and the pig are standing there.
Jesus sacrificed his life for your sins… Except he came back…  So, what did he really sacrifice?  His weekend?  Jesus sacrificed his weekend for your sins…
A while ago I had a blind date with a Jewish girl She asked me for my number.   I told her that we usually use names.
Did you know Abraham Lincoln was jewish? He was shot in the temple 
Jesus and his disciples walk into a restaurant. Jesus: "A table for 26, please."   Headwaiter: "But there's only . . . um, 13 of you."  Jesus: "Yeah, we're all going to sit on the same side."
A joung Jew loved to read books He loved to read so much that he read all of the books in the library in his town. So one day he went to a bookstore and asked if they had a book that he haven't read yet. An old Jew that worked there said yes and handed the boy a strange, covered in dust book titled "DEATH". He said to the boy:   "Here is the book that you've probably never heard of. I can sell it to you for $10 if you promise me to never, ever open it at the last page."  The boy agreed and bought the book. He read it and liked it very much, but, as promised, he didn't open it at the last page. One day he could bear it no longer and checked the last page. "Suggested Retail Price: $5".
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the picture up.
What kind of gun would Jesus use if he were alive today? A nail gun.
If you decided to put your life in Jesus' hands Remember that he has a hole in each of them.
A waiter walks up to a table full of Jewish women dining And says "ladies, is anything ok?"
Jesus was such a cool dude he did a party with 12 people and its still being talked about 2000 years later﻿ I heard that Jesus' party was so off the hook that he got arrested and taken to court.  Apparently the judge absolutely crucified him.
Most people say Jesus isn't Jewish... But he is. 30, single, living with his parents, working his father's job and his mother saying he's the son of God, of course he's Jewish.
Jesus at the last supper again... Seated at the Last Supper, Jesus tells his disciples "Tonight, one of you will betray me".  In shock the disciples all-start murmuring to among themselves. Matthew says "Lord, is it I who will betray you?"  Jesus replies "No Matthew, you will not betray me."  John asks "Lord is it I who will betray you?"  Jesus replies "No John, you will not betray me." Then Judas asks "Lord is it I who will betray you?"  Jesus replies "Fuck off."
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang a picture! Happy Easter!
Once a girl lied to her husband about her extra martial affair .. You know what happened next ? Christianity
How does a Jew do the gardening? He moses lawn.
Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all Muslims had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a huge outcry from the Muslim community, so the Pope offered a deal. He'd have a religious debate with the leader of the Muslim community. If the Muslims won, they could stay in Italy; and if the Pope won, they'd have to convert or leave.   The Muslim people met and picked an aged and wise Mufti to represent them in the debate. However, as the Mufti spoke no Italian and the Pope spoke no Arabic, they agreed that it would be a "silent" debate. On the chosen day the Pope and Mufti sat opposite each other. The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers. The Mufti looked back and raised one finger. Next, the Pope waved his finger around his head. The Mufti pointed to the ground where he sat. The Pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine. The Mufti pulled out an apple. With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that the Mufti was too clever. The Muslims could stay in Italy.   Later the cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened. The Pope said, "First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity. He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there is still only one God!  Then, I waved my finger around my head to show him that God was all around us. He responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us. I pulled out the wine and wafer to show that God absolves us of all our sins. He pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin. He beat me at every move and I could not continue!"   Meanwhile, the Muslim community gathered to ask the Mufti how he'd won. "I haven't a clue," the Mufti said. "First, he told me that we had three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him the finger. Then he tells me that the whole country would be cleared of Muslims and I told him that we were staying right here!"" And then what?" asked someone, "Who knows?" said the Mufti. "He took out his lunch so I took out mine". 
A Muslim tried to tell a joke It bombed. 
Why did Jesus cross the road? To get away from Donald Trump
The Seven Dwarfs visit the Vatican to have an audience with the Pope. The audience is going really well but Dopey keeps pulling on Doc's sleeve. Doc says, "Okay, okay I'll ask him!" He turns to the Pope and says,  "Your eminence, Dopey would like to know if there are any nuns who are dwarfs?" Well the Pope thinks about it, and he consults with his arch bishop, and after a couple quick phone calls and whispered conversations, the Pope turns and says, "I'm sorry, but I'm afraid there are no nuns who are dwarfs anywhere in Rome." At this Grumpy smacks Dopey upside the head and says, "See? I told you that you fucked a penguin!"   This joke is in honor of World Penguin Day and my girlfriend's dad who told me this joke and died later that week. I swear to God these were the last words he ever spoke to me. A fantastic, funny amazing human being. 
What did the baby Jew say to the Mohel hooker? Keep the tip
Jesus and Satan were having an argument about who managed to get the most out of their computer. This had been going on for days and God was tired of hearing all the bickering. God said, "cool it. I'm going to set up a test that will run for two hours, after which I will judge who has done the better job."  So they sat at their keyboards and typed away.  They moused away.  They did spreadsheets.  They wrote reports.  They sent faxes.  They sent out email.  They sent out email with attachments.  They downloaded.  They did some genealogy report.  They made cards.  They did every know job.  But just a few minutes before the two hours were up, lightening flashed across the sky. The thunder rolled and the rains came down hard. And, of course, the electricity went off.  After a bit the rain stopped and the electricity came back on. Satan screamed, "I lost it all when the power went off. What am I going to do?"  He asked Jesus if he had lost his work, too.  Jesus just sat and smiled and calmly turned his computer back on. The screen glowed and when He pushed "print" all His work was there.  "How did He do it?", Satan asked.  God smiled and said, "Jesus Saves.”
What's the difference between harry potter and the Jews? Harry Potter made it out of the chamber.
How does Jesus make tea? Hebrews it. 
If you plan on having sex with an Amish chick, do it when the sun is out, Because they're Mennonite.
What’s the 2nd worst thing after Jewish people? Racism
Jesus said, “I am the way.” The people said, “No way!” And Jesus said, “Yahweh.”
How many men would be named Muhammed if the whole word was muslim? Allah them
An old Jew is lying in the hospital, slowly drifting towards the inevitable end... He feels himself getting weaker and weaker, and summons a nurse.   “What can I do for you, Mr. Schwartz?”  “I want you get me a priest!”  “Uhh... yes, you mean a rabbi?”  “No! A priest! Get me a Catholic priest!”  The nurse goes off and finds the hospital priest, who comes to the bedside.   “How can I help you, Mr. Schwartz?”  “I want you to make me a Catholic!”  “You... what?”  “You heard me! Say your prayer, sprinkle some water over me, whatever you need to do! I wanna be a Catholic!”  “Ummmm.... well, Mr. Schwartz... I could do that... but... well, you’re Jewish. You’ve always been Jewish. You’re a well-respected pillar of the local Jewish community. And, with all due respect, throughout your life, you’ve never had many kind words for the Catholic Church. Why, in these last moments of your life, would you want to become a Catholic?”  “Better one of them should die than one of us!”
Whats the difference between a jew and Harry Potter? Harry escapes the Chamber.
The Irish Catholics again. The priest in a small Irish village loved the rooster and ten hens he kept in the hen house behind the church. One Sunday morning, before mass, he went to feed the birds and discovered that the cock was missing. He knew about cock fights in the village, so he questioned his parishioners in church.  During mass, he asked the congregation, "Has anybody got a cock?"  All the men stood up.  "No, no," he said, "that wasn't what I meant. Has anybody seen a cock?" All the women stood up.  "No, no," he said, "that wasn't what I meant. Has anybody seen a cock that doesn't belong to them?" Half the women stood up. "No, no," he said, "that wasn't what I meant. Has anybody seen MY cock?"  Sixteen altar boys, two priests and a goat stood up.  
Why doesn't Jesus spend time with Roman drunks and stoners? He always ends up crossed.
Whenever I'm in trouble I think "what would Jesus do?" Then I pretend to be dead and disappear for 3 days.
What did you call a jew in 1942? Ash
What fo Catholics call the act of sentencing those who use protection to Hell? Condomnation 
Did you know that Jesus celebrate Christmas his entire life? Only they didn't say "Merry Christmas." Do you know what they said? "Happy Birthday, Jesus!"
One day, Jesus was granting wishes to all the great people of the entertainment industry. All the great actors, actresses, directors, etc. were present, ready to make their wishes. Tom Cruise wanted his own private helicopter to perform stunts. Meryl Streep wanted the ability to imitate all the accents in the world. James Cameron wanted to create a better love story than Titanic. Every person in the entertainment industry had some great desire that they wanted fulfilled. But Christopher Nolan wanted something very simple. He just wanted a fast network to share a lot of Ultra HD porn with his friends.  So they all stood in a line waiting for Jesus to call out their respective names to grant their wishes one by one.  "Tom Cruise", said Jesus, and then proceeded to give him a helicopter.  "Meryl Streep" said Jesus, and gave her the ability to mimic any accent in the world.  "James Cameron", said Jesus and gave him a script way better than Titanic.  "Christopher Nolan", said Jesus and Christopher Nolan, hearing that, without even waiting, walked away extremely disappointed and proceeded to take his own life.  Investigation resulted in a suicide note being found, which blamed Jesus for his suicide and carried one short line -   Christ offer No LAN.
Nobody talks about Jesus’ ultimate miracle. Having 12 close friends in his 30s.
The Pope visits Alabama and sees two white guys pulling a black guy out of a river on a rope. The pope orders the pope-mobile to stop and he gets out to praise the two guys for such an act of kindness and for breaking down racial boundaries in this modern society. He blesses the two men and says he will see them in heaven.  &amp;nbsp;  Cletus turns to Bobby Joe and asks *“who the fuck was the dude in the white dress?”*  &amp;nbsp;  Bobby Joe says *“well that’s the pope isn’t it, he’s the leader of the catholic faith and an advocate of world peace”* &amp;nbsp;  Cletus goes *“oh right, seems to me like that guy knows jack shit about alligator fishing”*
How does Jesus make coffee? Hebrews it. 
What is the Pope's preferred method of payment? Papal
What does a Muslim cowboy say? Jiiiiihaaad! 
Where did the Pope live? In the woods
What do you call a half Jew? Jew-ish.
Jesus drove a Honda Accord but didn't like to talk about it. "For I did not speak of my own Accord" - John 12:49
A muslim enters a building.. That's it.     You thought he was gonna blow something up, didn't you, you racist offensive shit
What did Jesus say when he switched from Intel to AMD? Do not mourn me for I have Ryzen. 
What’s a Catholic’s favorite Star Wars movie? Episode IV : A New Pope
Last Jew to win a Heisman Trophy? Fred Goldman
Pope tweets about Kevin Spacey... Anymore reports like this and we'll have to ordain him!
What do you call a Jewish alchemist? A Hebrew.   EDIT: I came up with this myself. If this is a repost, it was purely coincidental.
Why can't a Muslim date a girl in a Harambe costume? [Deleted]
the Pope and the baseball fans On a tour of Florida, the Pope took a couple of days off to visit the coast for some sightseeing. He was cruising along the beach  when there was a frantic fight just off shore. A man, wearing a Boston Red Sox jersey, was struggling to free himself from the jaws of a 25ft shark.   As the Pope watched, horrified, a speedboat came up with three men wearing New York Yankee jerseys. One quickly fired a big harpoon into the shark. The other  pulled bleeding Sox's fan from the water. Then they beat  the shark to death with  baseball bats  and hauled it into the boat. Immediately the Pope shouted and summoned them. "I give you my blessing for your brave actions," he told them. "I heard that there was some hatred between Red Sox and Yankee fans, but now I have seen with my own eyes that this is not the truth."   As the Pope drove off, the harpooner asked "Who was that?" "It was the Pope," one replied. "He is in direct contact with God and has access to all of God's wisdom." "Well," the harpooner said, "he may have access to God's wisdom, but he doesn't know crap about shark fishing. How is the bait by the way?"
Jesus can walk on water Babies are 72% water. I can walk on babies  therefore, I am 72% Jesus  I'm also 100% in jail
The muslim woman next door got done for cocaine dealing  The kids call her Scarf face 
What do Baptist churches and YouTube comment sections have in common? They both claim that they're first.
What's the difference between Jesus and a photo of Jesus? The photo needs only one nail to hang.
What did Jewish, syphilis-infested women in the 70s have? A burning bush.
A Jewish boy asks his father for money.. Boy: Dad, I need $5.  Father: $4? What do you need $3 for?
A drunken man staggers in to a Catholic church and wanders over to the confessional box. He opens the door, sits down and says nothing.   The bewildered priest waits for a few minutes, allowing the drunken man some time to collect his thoughts.  Five minutes pass. Growing impatient, the priest coughs to attract his attention, but still the man says nothing.   The priest then clenches his fist and furiously knocks on the wall three times in a final attempt to get the man to speak.    Finally, the drunk replies: "No use knockin mate, there's no toilet paper in this one either."
A Jewish man tells god a Holocaust joke God says:  that's not funny   Jewish man:  I guess you had to have been there.
What did the Muslim child say after having been caught stealing the second time? "Look mom, no hands!"
How did Jesus stay in such great shape? Crossfit
How did the doctor vaccinate the Muslim girl? Hijabbed her.
What would a Jewish Black Panther eat? T’challah bread. 
What is the difference between Harry Potter and a Jew? One can escape the chamber.
They say that Jesus' mother was a virgin... ...I bet that is the reason why 3 random men came to see her child with gifts. 
What do you call a Jew with OCD? Germanphobic
Which jewelry is hated by vegans? Egg Amulet.
How does a Jew know his moonshine is safe to drink? Because hebrew it himself       Just came up with it. Hopefully it's an original
Why does Jesus have a problem with orgasms? It’s been over 2000 years and he still hasn’t come again.
Historians believe circumcision likely ensured the survival of the Jewish people. Its been found Jewish women can't say no to anything that's 10% off.
Why do A’s hate Jews? Because they’re Not Z’s
Why do you never see a fat Jesus? He did Cross Fit
What does Jesus have in common with Brocolli? Both are cruciferous and were forced on me by my parents.
Why was Jesus not born in Italy? God couldn’t find 3 wise men and a virgin.   :: I’m Italian American I just heard this on my recent trip
I like dating Latina women because most Latina women are catholic. And there isnt an better teacher than a catholic priest.
What do you say to a Muslim butcher? Salami Alaikum
Why doesn’t Jesus trust all of humanity? He’s afraid someone is going to cross him 
What did Jesus say to the rednecks? Don't do anything until I come back.
What did the student say after graduating from Catholic Seminary? "Stick a frock on me, I'm done.'
The KKK, Black Lives Matter, and Westboro Baptist Church walk into a bar... The bar keep looks up and asks, "what'll you have?"  The KKK says, "a white American! It's one part Bailey's, one part Kentucky bourbon, and one lock of Ted Nugent's beard hair." The bar keep says, "oddly enough, we happen to have the beard hair," and serves KKK his drink.  Black Lives Matter says, "I'll have a Sam Jackson. It's one part Hennessy and one part SHUT THE FUCK UP." The bar keep serves Black Lives Matter a Hennessy without saying a word.  He then turns to Westboro Baptist Church who says, "I will have a Blind Faith, which is a one ounce shot of full blown HIV AIDS, and be quick about it." To which the bar keep replies, "I don't know how you guys found us, but we do in fact have a bottle filled with full blown HIV AIDS. However I'd feel irresponsible if I didn't tell you that your chances of catching the virus would be very high, especially on the count of your cold sores." To which Westboro Baptist Church replies, "I assure you, I am a man of God. No harm will come to me."  The bar keep serves the drink and Westboro Baptist takes it down in one gulp, slaps the wooden bar top with his palm and says, "and I'll have another." The bar keep hesitates somewhat uncomfortably, conflicted with whether he should comply.   Ever astute, Westboro Baptist can see how the bar keep feels from his face and says, "oh ye of little faith. You judge me but do not know me or understand my beliefs. While I am a man of God, I am still a creature of the modern times. So I assure you no harm will come to me."   "For in addition to my faith, I'm also wearing a condom. Now how about that drink, and do be quick about it."
How do you know you're going by a Jew's house? When you see the toilet paper hanging on the clothesline.
A Jewish boy needs $20 So he asks his father.   Son: Papa, could I have twenty bucks please?  Father: Ten bucks!? Whaddya need five bucks for!?
The KKK, Black Lives Matter And Westboro Baptist Church Throw Urine At Each Other Outside RNC. Reports are still unclear as to what pissed them all off.  
What's the difference between a Jew and a dollar? I would actually care if I lost 6 million dollars. Creds to Khai
When do Jewish people believe the fetus achieves viability? Not until he graduates from medical school.   Heard this one from a Jewish patient I had once. 
What is the Pope's favorite drug? Popium
What do a hockey player and an Amish woman have in common? They both shower after the third period. 
What's the difference between a British and a Jew? The British leaves and doesn't say goodbye, the jew says goodbye and doesn't leave.
A black Jewish boy A black Jewish boy runs home from school one day and asks his father, “Daddy, am I more Jewish or more black?” The dad replies, “Why do you want to know, son?” “Because a kid at school is selling a bike for $50 and I want to know if I should talk him down to $40 or just steal it!” 
Why are Jews hated? They didn’t pay the gas bill
Jesus take the wheel It's really hard to masturbate while driving.
Jesus was an illegal immigrant  They deported him   3 days later, he rose from the south and was back in the U.S. 
What did the Klansman say to the Muslim? Psst...Who washes your ... sheets?
Is it me Jesus? Jesus and his disciples are sitting down together for the last supper. After a good amount of wine and food, Jesus stands up to address his friends.   "This has been excellent, but I have come to know that one of you will betray me." Jesus says.   There was an awkward silence that was broken by John, "Is it me, Jesus?" John asks.   Jesus looks at John lovingly and says "John, my friend, you are a fine man. I know you would never do that to me"   Peter raisins his hand "Is it me Jesus?"   Jesus looks at Peter like a little brother, only love in his eyes. "Peter, you are one of my most devoted followers, you will someday lead the masses with my message of love and peace. You could never do such a thing"   Judas looks to Jesus and says "Is it me Jesus?"   Jesus just narrows his eyes at judas and in a bad impression of judas says "is it me Jesus?" And sits back down.   
Why haven't I ever met a full blooded Jew? All the ones I have met have been Jew-ish
My Jewish family banned beans, Ever since my grandfather died of uncontrollable gas.
Who's the most famous jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash
I met Jesus while walking on a dusty road, he pulled out some bread and fish. Then some red wine. At that point I knew the guy wasn't legit because white wine goes a lot better with fish than red does. Rookie mistake.
What does Muslim sonic do during Ramadan He fasts
What did the romans say when they crucified jesus? NAILED IT.
How does Jesus make beer? Hebrews it
who's the most evil muslim person that ever lived? a guy named Muhahahahahamed, probably
Why are Catholic priests called Father? Because daddy would be too suspicious
What lured the Jews into gas chambers? A pile of 1 trillion pennies
Tim and Edward decided to team up in an attempt to steal an expensive jewel. It belonged to a woman in their neighborhood. Her house was fairly isolated so they decided they could proceed during the day. The woman seemed a bit careless and had no security system set up, so they easily got in and out of the house with the jewel.    Back to a safe place and out of view of anyone, they sat in pride at what they had accomplished.   A few days later, they met again to discuss precisely how they would turn the jewel into money without being caught. In the middle of their discussion, they hear police sirens approaching.   After a second, Edward said: "I hope you didn’t touch anything with your bare hands ?"  "I.. I kinda did, replied Tim, but don’t worry I took care of it."  "Wh..what do you mean you took care of it ? What exactly did you do ?" said Edward nervously.   I poured this generously on any trace of fingerprints, said Tim while handing a bottle to Edward.   Edward looked horrified. "You idiot ! This isn’t meant to remove fingerprints from a crime scene !", he shouted furiously.   "Of course it is, look at the label, it says robbing alcohol !"  Knock knock.
Two Jewish men sit down at a deli they always visit They order their meals, receive them, and start eating. After a few minutes the chef looks over and they are disgruntled. He goes over and asks them, “So gentlemen, what did we get right this time?”  Paraphrased from a joke told to me by my old Jewish professor.
What's it called when Jesus is mad? He's cross.
Where does a Muslim go to get drunk? The Allahuak Bar
Young Martin Luther was meeting with the Pope and asked him... "Father, why does the Church sell indulgencies? Shouldn't getting to heaven be about one's good deeds instead of their material wealth? And at the very least they should be cheaper, as the peasants here can barely afford their everyday bread."  The Pope took a long look at the boy's curious eyes and said:  "The intent is to provide believers with a sense of pride and accomplishment for securing their place in Heaven.  As for cost, we selected initial values based upon data from the tax collectors and other adjustments at the year's crop yield. Among other things, we're looking at average per-family earn rates on a daily basis, and we'll be making constant adjustments to ensure that believers have ways to repent their sins that are compelling, rewarding, and of course attainable via prayers and good deeds.  We appreciate the candid feedback, and the passion the congregation has put forth around the current topics here on Vatican, our forums and across numerous printing press outlets.  Our Church will continue to make changes and monitor congregation feedback and update everyone as soon and as often as we can."
Dinner with the Pope An elderly Priest of a small village by the sea is going to do some fishing one day.  Fishing relaxes him and he has cause to be anxious.  The Pope himself is coming to his humble parish for a visit and will be dining that very evening with him and the parish Nun.  As the priest makes his way through the small township with his fishing rod slung over his shoulder he happens upon a local boy that he knows well, Timmy....  “Father are you going to do a bit of fishing?”  “It just so happens that I am Timmy, would you care to join?”  Timmy agrees and the priest and the lad set out on a small boat.  While out on the boat the priest begins to cast his line out on the open water...  “No father, cast your line that way”  Timmy points the opposite direction.  “That’s where all the fish are, trust me”  The Priest decides to take the boys advice and casts his line in the direction that Timmy recommended.  No sooner had the line hit the water than the priest felt an almighty tug of the line and an hour long battle ensued resulting in the priest, with Timmy’s help of course, landing a massive fish the like of which he had never seen before!  “Praise the lord Timmy this fish is humongous!”  “That certainly is a big fucker”  Timmy said without a hint of mischief.  “TIMMY! I cannot believe you would use that kind of filthy language at all, never mind when in the presence of an elderly clergyman!”  A look of puzzlement followed by recognition crossed Timmy’s young features and he eventually chuckled.  “No father you mis understand me!  That particular fish is called a Phucker fish, spelled P H U C K E R. I apologise for the confusion but I swear to god it is so”  They both had a hearty laugh at the mix up and decided to call it a day.  The priest began his short walk back up the hill to his parochial house with the massive fish over his shoulder feeling a lot calmer after his exertion and after finding a solution as to what to serve the Pope that very evening for dinner.  Upon entering the grounds of his home he was greeted enthusiastically by sister Murphy who had spotted his approach with the extra large fish.  “What a rare size of a fish you have caught father! Well done, it is perfect for supper with the Pope tonight”  Beaming with pride at his accomplishment the priest said....  “ I know it’s a big Phucker isn’t it sister!”  Sister Murphy was shocked and offended by this statement and told the priest so..  “Father not only am I a woman, I am a woman of the Cloth!  And you a man of God,  to hear such bile hateful utterances spewing from your lips blackens my pious heart!”  The priest immediately saw that he was guilty of exactly the same oversight as Timmy and rushed to explain himself...  “Sister I’m sorry but you have me all wrong!  The name of this particular species of fish is the P H U C K E R fish, it sounds rude but believe me it’s merely it’s scientific name”  Satisfied and relieved the Nun sighs loudly and says..  “ oh i see, well give it to me and I’ll gut the Phucker so the Cook can prepare it for this evening”  The Nun was as good as her word and brought the sizeable fish freshly gutted to the church Cook.  “Sister I believe that may be the biggest fish I have ever seen with my own two eyes!  I will prepare a feast for his holiness tonight!”  Sister Murphy handed the fish over and said conversationally...  “I know Cook, the father, little timmy and I all agree it’s an impressive big Phucker”  The chef making the same understandable assumption as the priest and the Nun had that day was dumbfounded and eventually said...  “Sister Murphy, Jesus would weep if he heard such low grade gutter talk coming from a sworn lady of the habit! How dare you besmirch his holy soul in his own house!”  Sister Murphy scolding herself as a fool for making the same faux pax as the priest and Timmy. Explained to the Cook..  “No Cook I am sorry for the confusion, I too thought as you did that the Priest was swearing like a rotten two bit sailor, but alas the name of this breed of fish is a PHUCKER fish!  Accept my sincere apologies”  The Cook was instantly relieved.  “ ah now it makes sense!  Give me that fish here and I’ll cook the Phucker”  That evening everything was set.  The table was resplendent in the finest silver the parish had to offer, the finest wine decanted, candles tastefully lit and the Pope was comfortable and already praising the aromas wafting from the kitchen.  He sat at the head of the table with the Priest on one side of him and Sister Murphy on the other.  He was enjoying a cigar and a Brandy when the Cook came out with the main course beautifully prepared and steaming hot on a silver platter adorned with vegetables and spices.   The Pope was noticeably impressed...  “ praise the Lord I have never seen such a large nor beautifully presented fish in all my years”  The Priest, Nun and Cook were so happy with the praise from such a holy servant of God and they each spoke in turn.  The Priest said...  “I caught the Phucker”  The Nun said.....  “I gutted the Phucker”  Lastly the Cook said...  “And I cooked the Phucker”  The Pope was silent for a few seconds looking contemplative.  After a while he reclined in his seat, took a sip of his brandy and a long pull of his cigar, blew out the smoke and said.....  “You know what?......you Cunts are alright” 
Why don't Jews eat pussy? Cause it's too close to the gas chamber 
What's the difference between a Jew, a pizza, and a Reddit viewer? One practices a monotheistic religion, one is an Italian dish, and the other was expecting a holocaust joke.
A muslim was having an affair with a 15 year old girl who lied about her age, when he learned the truth he broke it off and over the next week the guilt set in and he confessed to his wife. She screamed at him, "How could you cheat on me like that with an older woman?!?!?!"
'Jesus loves the little children' ...so does Kevin Spacey.
Jesus loves you. A beautiful sentiment to hear at church.  The stuff of nightmares in a Mexican prison.
A Jewish kid asks his father if he can borrow $50. His father replies  “40 dollars?” “What do you want 30 dollars for?
Why can't you ask a Jew for their opinion? Because it's tough to grab their two cents
What kind of tea would your mom love, if she was sent by Jesus? Christ-sent-the-mum tea
What do Jewish rocket scientists eat for breakfast? Bagels and LOX.
What do you call a gathering of judgmental Catholics? Critical Mass.
Jesus saves But Ronaldo taps in the rebound.
How does the Catholic church recruit new members? They get 'em while they're young.
Jesus walks into a hotel and hands the receptionist 3 nails... And asks "Do you think you could put me up for the night"?
What do you call a Muslim flying a plane? Muhammad, statistically 
A Muslim dies and finds himself before the Pearly Gates... He is very excited, as all his life he has longed to meet the Prophet Mohammed.   Having arrived at the Gates of Heaven, he meets a man with a beard.   "Are you Mohammed?" he asks.   "No, my son. I am Peter. Mohammed is higher up." And he points to a ladder that rises into the clouds.   Delighted that Mohammed should be higher than Peter, he climbs the ladder in great strides, climbs through the clouds, coming to a room where he meets another bearded man.   He asks again, "Are you Mohammed?"   "No, I am Moses. Mohammed is higher still."   Exhausted, but with a heart full of joy he continues to climb the ladder and, yet again, he discovers an even larger room where he meets another man with a beard.   Full of hope, he asks again, "Are you Mohammed?"   "No, I am Jesus... You will find Mohammed higher up."   Mohammed higher than Jesus!  The poor man can hardly contain his delight and climbs and climbs, ever higher.   Once again he reaches a larger room where he meets a man with a beard and repeats his question:    "Are you Mohammed?" he gasps as he is, by now, totally out of breath from all his climbing.   "No my son.....I am God. But you look exhausted. Would you like a coffee?"   "Yes, please!" said the man.   God looks behind him, claps his hands and calls out:      "Hey Mohammed, two coffees!"
Why is Jesus less powerful than a locomotive? Because Jesus could only walk on water but a locomotive runs on steam. 
How do you tell if a dog is Muslim? A couple of times a day it squats facing east.
My Jewish friend told me this one Two Jewish guys are walking along when one notices a sign on a Catholic Church that says, "Convert to Christianity and we'll give you 100$." The one says "should we do it?" and the other guy says "NO! are you crazy?" The first guy replies, "Hey, a hundred dollars is a hundred dollars.... I'm gonna do it!" So he walks in the church, and then a while later he comes back out. The friend says, "Well? Did you get the money?"  Then the other says, "Oh is that all you people think about?"
The Pope and an atheist are having an argument After a few hours the pope turns to the atheist and says "You are like a man who is blindfolded, in a dark room who is looking for a black cat that isn't there." "Well" replies the atheist "we are not so dissimilar then. As you are also like a man who is blindfolded, in a dark room who is looking for a black cat that isn't there but the only difference is you say you have found it."
Golfing Jesus Jesus and two others are out playing 18 when they come up on a par three with a particularly tricky water hazard. The first gent tees off and not surprisingly he hits into the water, forcing a drop.  Jesus steps up to the tee with his usual swagger and addresses the ball. His robes move as fluid as his backswing as he makes perfect contact. His ball too is headed straight for the water. Except Jesus' ball lands gently on the surface of the pond, rolls up on the green, two feet from the hole for what will surely be an easy one putt. Everyone congratulates Jesus appropriately.   The third in the group ambles up to the tee and squares his shoulders. A short backswing and an awkward forward jerk and his ball too is now headed straight for the water and goes in with a splash. A moment later a large fish leaps out of the water with the his ball in its mouth. An eagle swoops down from the sky, catches the fish and flies over the green. A blinding beam of sunlight is reflected into the eagle's eyes causing him to lose focus and drop the fish on the green with a thud. The ball pops loose from the fish's mouth and rolls toward the hole with promise, only to stop 1/8th inch from dropping in. Not 5 seconds later a stiff breeze wofts by and pushes the ball in the cup for a hole in one.  Jesus looks over at him and says, "Nice shot, dad."
A Protestant and a Catholic are sitting in a pub A Protestant and a Catholic are sitting in a pub talking about birth control.   The Protestant says to the Catholic, "My religion allows me to use a condom when I make love to my wife but yours does not. Yet I've got 14 children and you have only 2. How can this be?"   The Catholic replies, "It's quite simple, I have sex during the safe times of the day."   "And when is that ?" asks the Protestant.   "When you're at work." replies the Catholic.
In the book of Mark, Chapter 12, Verse 25 the jesus says, "In heaven there is no marriage." No men, no women, only angels... Sooooooo, it's like Berkley?
A Jew recently sued the German government retroactively for crimes against his religion. The judge said "I think we should discuss this in my chamber"
What’s the difference between a $20 bill and a Jew in the 20th century? (offensive) jews were expendable 
A demon offers Jesus the world. No thanks, He says. You can keep the L.
A Jew once said, "If you're good at something, never do it for free".   
What does the 'H' in Jesus H. Christ stand for? Haploid.  I heard we were doing stupid science jokes. 
A Jewish man walks into a bathroom. He unzips his pants and proceeds to pee into a urinal. The man peeing next to him taps him on the shoulder and says “hey David! did you have Doctor Goldstein as your Mohel?” The man turns his head and replies “yes! How did you know?” The other man just looks down at the ground and says “he’s cross eyed and you’re peeing on my leg.”  This joke has been passed down through my very Jewish family for a few generations and It’s my go to. A Mohel is the Jewish doctor who performs circumcisions for the uninformed.
What do you call a Muslim on a toilet? Islamic Relief
What's the difference between jesus and a picture of jesus? It only takes one nail to hang up the picture. 
If I was Jesus I’m not sure what would make me angrier.. The fact that everyone is making my birthday about them   or that my dad isn’t real
Why do white people say Jesus H Christ? Because they think that Jesus's middle name is 'Hay-zeus' 
My grandmother said Jesus came for her a long time ago And that is why i have an uncle name Guadalupe
A Cardinal enters the Pope's residence. "Your Holiness, I have some very good news and some very bad news", he says.  "My son, I've had a hard day. Please give me the good news first to cushion the bad news." The Pontiff requests.  "Your Holiness, I just received a phone call from Jesus and he has returned to Earth to bring The Kingdom of God!"  "Glorious! Glorious!" Shouts the Pope. ""It's finally the day we've awaited for millennia! Now what bad news could possibly dampen that good news?"  "Well your Holiness, he was calling from Salt Lake City...."
I hate when Jewish people ....stress the smallest details. I’m kinda anti-semantic.
If jesus died for our sins... Who’s gonna die for our cos and tan?
Why did jesus ressurect? He was double crossed
God and Jesus were ironing out the last few details of his life on earth. "We just need to figure out your mode of death," God said. "We've narrowed it down to crucifixion or killer bees. Which do you prefer?"  Jesus thought about it for a few minutes and then said, "I think I'll go with crucifixion."  And that's why Catholics around the world make the sign of the cross instead of running around, swatting themselves furiously and screaming, "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"
Jesus got his body measurements for his crucifixion... Call that CrossFit.
Jesus walked in a motel... the guy asked him, Can I help you?  Jesus put three nails on the counter and said, "Can you put me up for the night?"
A Jewish boy ask his dad for 50 dollars 40 dollars?  What do you need 30 dollars for?  I don't even have 20 dollars  Here's a 10  _he hands the boy a 5_  Go split it with your siblings
God and Jesus were hashing out the final details of his life on earth. "The only thing remaining is to decide upon your mode of death," said God. "Which do you prefer, crucifixion or killer bees?"  Jesus thought about it for a few minutes and said, "I think I will go with crucifixion."  And that's why Catholics around the world make the sign of the cross instead of running around, swatting themselves furiously and screaming "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"
An elderly Catholic school teacher was seduced by the priest. As she got out of his bed and began to get dressed, she said, "I can't face the children next week and tell them to be good, when I'm nothing but a regular sinner!"  "Regular sinner? Sister Catherine, you've only done it once!" said the priest.  "True," she replied, "but we still have the whole weekend ahead of us, don't we?"
I was so tired I saw Jesus in my sleep I mean.. you have to be really fucking tired to see the God of another religion.
A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while. Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian. The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend.   The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the two of them went to see the Rabbi.  They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."  So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray.  They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians." There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . "
One of my favorite jew jokes. 3 Jewish mothers get together for lunch one day at a fancy restaurant on the upper east side in Manhattan. They haven't seen each other in years, so the conversation naturally, turns to their sons. The first one says, "My Moishe...he's the best doctor in all of New York. Celebrities see him. Michael Bloomberg, Steven Spielberg, everyone. He's paying for this lunch." The second one says, "Well, my Boruch, he's the best lawyer in New York. Everyone who needs to get off for crimes goes to him. He's paying for the Rolls Royce that we'll be going home on." They both look at the third one, who sighs and says "Well, my Simcha, he's a gay." "Oy vey!," scream the other two. "Rachel, how can you be ok with this?!" Rachel smiles and says "Well, one thing does make it better: he has not one but two rich boyfriends. One's the best doctor in New York and the other's the best lawyer!"
(Original) What do Jesus Christ and Communism have in common? They both fed 5,000 people with five loaves of bread and two fish.
I met a Muslim kid once... He was the *bomb!*
A Black/Jewish boy asks his dad whether he's more Black or more Jewish. When his dad asks why, the boy answers "there's a bike for sale for $100 and I can't decide whether to haggle down to $75 or just steal it."
What's the difference between God and a Jew? God is everywhere all the time and a Jew is only everywhere when you spill a ash tray
An Amish Tale An Amish woman is trotting along in her horse and buggy when a police officer pulls her over. He says, "Ma'am, I'm not going to order you a citation but I am going to issue you a warning. Your reflector in the back is just about to fall off and it needs to be replaced."  The woman says, "I will have my husband Jacob tend to it. He can fix it in two minutes."  "Fine," the officer replies. "One other thing. I don't like the way one of the reins is positioned around your horse's back and how it loops around one of his testicles. That's considered animal abuse or cruelty to animals as we sometimes call it. Have him fix that too."  So the woman goes home and tells her husband about her encounter with the police officer. She tells him about the relector and the husband says "No problem, I can fix that this evening. Anything else?"  The woman says, "Yes. He also said something about the emergency brake."
Jesus died and went to heaven Jesus died, went to heaven and was very interested in seeing his father. At the gates St. Peter told him that his father was an old bearded man and that he liked to walk around in the clouds. Jesus went looking for his father and after a while he ran into an old man that fit the description St. Peter gave him. The old man was clearly also looking for something. "What are you looking for?", Jesus asked. "I'm looking for my boy", the old man answered. "It's easy to spot him, he has nail holes in his hands and feet." "Father! It is I, your son!", Jesus exclaimed. The old man embraced Jesus with tears in his eyes and said in a voice trembling with emotion: "Pinocchio, my dear son!" 
Why do jews have such big noses? Because Air is for free
To settle their differences, Jesus and Muhammed agree to pistols at dawn, Jesus wins... ...because drawing Muhammed is forbidden.
A Catholic guy has a child by his mistress A priest is present during the child's birth. He asks the priest what he should name the kid. He responds.  "Excommunicated Jr."
What do you call a bad Jewish gamer? Ezekiel
A Jewish man sent his son to Jerusalem for vacation.   Upon his son's return, the father finds out that his son has turned Christian!    So, the father goes to his friend for emotional support. He says “Ethan, I sent my son over to Jerusalem, and he came back Christian”!    “That’s odd...” His friend said, “I sent my son over to Jerusalem, and he came back Christian too”!    They both decide to go to their Synagogue and talk to the Rabbi.     “Rabbi, Ethan and I sent our sons over to Jerusalem, and they came back Christian”!    “That’s odd...” the Rabbi said “I sent my son over to Jerusalem, and he came back Christian too”!    Utterly dumbfounded, all three of the men decide to fly over to Jerusalem to see if they can get any answers.     The three men arrive in Jerusalem and looked around for the better part of a day and found no clues. So, they go to the West wall and kneel down. The Rabbi prays, “Oh, God! Give us wisdom. We sent our sons to Jerusalem, and each one came back Christian”!    As they were kneeling, God said, ”That’s odd...”  Edit: a word
When I was in high school, I followed Jesus' example I got suspended.
A Jewish man was visiting his senile old mother... They were talking for about 10 minutes and as he was about leave, his mom said...'it was nice to meet sir...and hey would it kill you to call your mother?!"
I wish I could be like Jesus Christ... That son of a bitch retired in his early 30's!
Jewish boy asks his dad for $20 to got to the movie.... Dad says "Ten dollars?! Since when did it cost five dollars to go to the movie?!!"
Hey, wanna hear a Jew joke? Israeli funny.
[long] Irving worked at a Jewish deli and bakery, and he loved most of his regular clientele, except for one guy... ... this guy would *always* haggle over how much he should spend, even for things that had a fixed rice clearly marked on the menu board.  One day, the guy comes in, and says, "I want to buy your finest loaf of egg bread for Rosh Hashanah. I have a crisp five-dollar bill for you, Irving, my good man."  "Five dollars? What, do I look like a yutz? A loaf costs $7.95, and that's a good deal. My wife bakes that herself; it's hard to get it perfect, but she does!"  "I know, that's why I only want to buy from you. But surely $5 is a fair offer. Come on, Irving, we've known each other along time..."  "No! My prices are my prices. I can't have separate prices for individual customers!"  Stunned, the customer shoves the money back in his pocket and shrugs his shoulders. "I... I just don't believe it," he mumbles as he walks out the door.  Irving's wife walks up to her husband just as the customer exits. "Honey, what was that all about? You look so upset!"  Irving stammers, "I can't stand challah cost deniers!"
Why is Jesus so strong? Crossfit
A Muslim walks into a bar and walks back out again.
What's the difference between a painting and Jesus. You only require one nail to put up the painting.
I ordered a Muslim meal on my flight... They served me a Galaxy Note 7.
i am not jesus Jesus can wallk on water..,, correct?  Yess!  Well,.. I can walk on cucumbers. As you may know, cucumbers are 98% water. So  I am 98% Jesus. ;) 
What's the difference between Jews and boy scouts? Boy scouts get to leave the camp.
As a muslim, I don't get why cannabis is so popular I mean, why do you want to get stoned?
A Jewish couple visit China   A Jewish couple is visiting China, and as they sit down to dinner they begin to wonder about whether there are any ancient synagogues to visit.  The waiter comes to take their order, and the couple asks if there are any Chinese jews, the waiter asks them to wait a minute and comes right back.  "We have apple Jews, orange Jews, grape Jews, but no Chinese Jews."  Credit: /u/Binge_Gaming
Why does the pope not want to be cremated?  Because he is still alive.
Don’t worry about Muslim suicide bombers, they can only do it once... ..Hindu suicide bombers are the real worry. 
A Jew goes golfing He calls, "$3.99!"
What do you call a group of African American Hasidic Jews? Black Sabbath 
So what do you call a Jewish dating site? Tinder. 
God sends Jesus back to life to see how his people are living... Jesus wandered into a first house where a family was having dinner. They politely asked him to sit down and asked his name. Jesus said that he is Jesus and he came back to see how things are going around here. Family was of course confused and kicked him out thinking he is a lunatic.  So Jesus wandered into a second house and asked for water. He was again politely greeted by family. He once again told that he was Jesus and how his father sent him back to see how his folks are getting along. Next thing he knew he was kicked out on the curb and called crazy bastard.  It was getting late and he wandered into the third house where a guy was smoking a joint. He asked Jesus to sit down and offered him a nice big puff. Then he smiled and said: "Now hows that? So stranger, whats your name?". Jesus said: "Jeeessuuusss". The guy smiled again and said: "I told you this was some good shit!"  EDIT grammar
Jesus and Peter are only jealous of one person... Luke, a Skywalker
A Greek, a Jew, and an Irishman are accidentally killed by a bus. An angel descends and tells them "Actually, there's been a mistake. It wasn't your time to die. We will let you come back to life, but you must promise to renounce your vices."  To the Irishman, the angel said, "Your vice is drinking too much. You can come back to life as long as you stop drinking. We will tempt and test you to make sure you abstain." He agrees.   To the Greek, the angel said, "You engage in perverted sexual practices. You can come back to life only if you remain celibate. We will test you to make sure you comply." He agrees.   To the Jew, the angel said, "Your vice is greed. You can come back to life only if you reform your avaricious ways. But you will be tested." He agrees.  As the three resurrected men are walking down the street, they pass a bar. The Irishman resists. They pass a second bar. He resists again. They pass a third bar, and the Irishman can't resist any longer - he runs toward the bar and instantly disappears in a puff of smoke.   Frightened, the Greek and the Jew continue walking. The Jew spots a penny on the ground, and is able to resist picking it up. Then it turns into a quarter. Still he resists. Then it turns into a dollar. He wavers, but still resists.   It turns into a five. Nope.  It turns into a ten. Nope.  It turns into a $20 bill.   He bends over to pick it up, and both him and the Greek disappear.
What's the cheapest item of jewelry? A pearl necklace 
A jew is sitting on a plane And is eating some herring. the guy next to him asks why do you Jews eat that stuff so the jew says it makes us smart so the guy replies can I get some the jew says if you pay me $100 I'll give you a bite so the guy gives him the money and eats it. after a few minutes the guy says I don't feel any different so the jew replies no I think it's working now!
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture!
Why do Jews have big noses? Because air is free 
Why was the jeweler's son sexually molested? He went to Jared's.
What's a car's favorite piece of jewelry? Its engine earring.
What did Hitler say to the Jewish baker? How much does that loaf of challah-cost?
Do you know why jesus stopped playing hockey? He kept getting nailed to the boards.
A paedophile, a billionaire and a jew walk into a bar... "What will you have Mr Epstein?"
Jesus, the flair-tagging system in this sub is weird. See?
Two Jewish businessmen meet on the street. One says to the other, "So, how's business?" The other guy says, "Terrific!"
Why aren't there any Muslim Eskimos When Ramadan falls in the summer they all starve to death.
One-eared Jesus holding a cup of sugar and pulling a lactating cow with a no gluten sign covering gun shot wounds walk into a bar.... Bartender: Sweet Jesus and Holy Cow look what wheat got........hear?
A Jewish father decided to sent his son to Israel and this happened.  A Jewish father sent his son to Israel for a year to absorb the culture.   When the son returned, he said, “Papa, I had a great time in Israel. By the way, I converted to Christianity.”     “What have I done!” said the father,      He took his problem to his best friend Joseph and he said, “I sent my son, Noah, to Israel, and he came home a Christian. What can I do?”     “Funny you should ask,” said Joseph. “I, also, sent my son, Abraham, to Israel, and he also came home a Christian. Perhaps we should go see the Rabbi.”     They explained their problem to the Rabbi. “Funny you should ask,” said the rabbi. “I, too sent my son, Adam, to Israel, and he also came home a Christian. What is happening to our young people?”     They prayed, telling the Lord about their sons. As they finished their prayer, a voice came from the heavens: “Funny you should ask,” said the voice, “I, too, sent my son, Jesus, to Israel…”
We’re like the reverse Jesus Instead of turning water into wine, we turn wine into water
Before i die im going to eat a whole bag of un-poped popcorn Hopefully it will make the cremation a bit more interesting 
A Jewish congregation... in New York honors its Rabbi for 25 years of service by sending him to Hawaii for a week, all expenses paid.  When he walks into his hotel room, there's a beautiful girl, nude, lying on the bed. She says, "Hi, Rabbi, I'm a little something extra that the president of the board arranged for you."  The Rabbi is incensed. He picks up the phone, calls the President of the Temple Board and says, "Greenberg, what were you thinking? Where's your respect? I am the moral leader of our community! I am very angry with you and you have not heard the end of this."  The girl gets up and starts to get dressed.  The Rabbi turns to her and says, "Where are you going? I'm not angry with you."
What's the difference between Jesus and a frame of Jesus? you only need one nail to hang the frame
What organization does an Extremist Muslim grammar Nazi belong to? Em-Daesh
Marvel Comics have announced a new female, Muslim superhero who can fly. Which is handy, cause she's not allowed to drive.
Which state contains the most Jews? Gaseous state.
A priest, a Jew, and a Rabbi walk into a bar... the bartender says "Is this some kind of joke?"
A young Jewish boy goes to a new school in a small American mid-west town The teacher asks the class, “Who was the greatest man that ever lived?” A girl raises her hand and says, “I think George Washington was the greatest man that ever lived because he is the father of our country.” The teacher replies, “Well, that’s a very good answer, but that’s not quite the answer I am looking for.” Another young student raises his hand and says, “I think Abraham Lincoln was the greatest man that lived because he freed the slaves and helped end the civil war.” “Well, that’s another good answer, but that is not quite the one I was looking for.” Then the new Jewish boy raises his hand and says, “I think Jesus Christ was the greatest man that ever lived.” The teacher’s jaw drops in astonishment. “Yes!” she says, “That’s the answer I was looking for.” She then brings him up to the front of the classroom and gives him a lollipop. Later, during break time, another Jewish boy approaches him as he is licking his lollipop. “I can’t believe you said 'Jesus Christ'?” The boy replies, “I know it’s Moses and you know it’s Moses, but business is business.”   
A black guy, an illegal inmigrant and a muslim are in a car. Whose driving? The police officer
A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while eventually the son returns home and he is now a Christian. The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend. The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the two of them went to see the Rabbi. They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray. They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians." There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . "
What kind of orange juice do protestants drink? Pope-free.
Did you hear about the teen suicide figures throughout the Muslim community? It's exploded in recent years
Jesus Christ was featured on a recent episode of Hoarders Apparently, his saving really got out of control!
Do you know what Jesus's favourite band is? Nine-inch nails
What did pirate Jesus say to his lawyer as they were finishing up some paperwork? My will be done.
How do you get a Jewish Girl's Number Roll up her sleeve 
As a Jew I told my pagan friend that I only had one God. Him: No way......     Me: Yahweh!
Jesus: I am the bread of life Roman soldiers: Lets get this bread  Jesus: Wait, no 
Why did Jesus sacrifice himself? There was a once in a lifetime sale in Heaven that he couldn't miss.  
What’s the difference between a catholic priest and a pimple? A pimple waits until you’re twelve to come on your face.
You never hear any mention of who cut the cord at Jesus' birth. It must have been unbiblical.
I had a pretty good joke about a Catholic priest But it got old and lost it's appeal
If a Muslim beats his wife... Would it be domestic violence or child abuse?
I will never forget the day that I was first touched by Jesus... ...in a Mexican prison shower.
Jesus meets a fisherman Jesus finally re-emerges on earth next to a river. He walks up to the first man he sees who happens to be fishing. Upon approaching him Jesus exclaims 'I am Jesus Christ and I have come to save you from your sins'. The fisherman, looking very unimpressed, replies with 'piss off, you're scaring the fish'. In an attempt to prove himself Jesus tells the fisherman that he will walk across the river... 15 feet in and Jesus is up to his waist in water. The fisherman shouts from the bank 'see. I knew you weren't Jesus'. To which Jesus looks back and shouts 'It was much easier before I had these holes in my feet!' 
I have a Jewish great grandpa His name’s Ash
What's the difference between a Jew and a boy scout? [Nsfw] A boy scout comes home from camp. 
What kind of car is the Popemobile? A Christ-ler 
It's upsetting how obsessed Catholics are with this whole "Body Of Christ" thing He's really smart and interesting, and has got an amazing personality, too, but it's not like anyone that shallow would ever bother finding out.
A muslim, a christian and a buddist construct a bridge Christian brings wood, muslim brings concrete and buddist brings stone.  One week later they test the bridge by asking someone to drive their car over it. The moment car gets on the bridge, it collapses. Christian says, "Oh God, my wood!", buddist says, "Oh, my stone!". Muslim stares at them and thinks, "Good thing I didn't use my concrete, it was gonna get wasted".  PS: no reason on the religions, it was just random
Why’d the Muslim Cross the Road? His dick was stuck in the chicken.
A Jew and a Cantor were having a chat... A Jew and a Cantor were having a chat when the Jew said to the Cantor, "I sent my son away and he came back a Christian! What should I do?"  The Cantor replied, "Funny you should ask that, I also sent my son away and he came back a Christian too! What should we do?" After a long time thinking the Jew said "I know what we should do! We should go ask the Rabbi, he will know what to do." So the two went to go ask the Rabbi.  "Oh, Rabbi please help us. We sent our sons away and they came back Christian! What should we do?"  The Rabbi responded "Funny you should ask, I too sent my son away and he came back a Christian!" The three then thought long and hard about what should happen next. "I know what we should do!" the Rabbi exclaimed, "we shall pray and ask God, he always knows what to do!" So the three men knelt down and prayed to God. "Oh heavenly father, we sent our sons away and they came back Christians, what should we do?"  Then a booming voice came down from the sky and said: "FUNNY YOU SHOULD ASK THAT..."
What does one Jew say to the other Jew when he sees Nazis coming? "Auschwitz."
If Jesus had a motorcycle gang what would it be called? The Discycles
What do sardines and Popeye have in common? They both come in olive oil.
What do you call a Muslim that eats pork? Mo' Ham Head
How does a Muslim boxer keep his distance? Hijabs
Jesus holds up the bread... Jesus holds up the bread and says, "This is my body."  Next, Jesus hold up the wine and says, "This is my blood."  After that, Jesus holds up the mayonnaise and Peter says, "That's enough!"
Why does the Pope keep his underwear on while bathing? Because he doesn't like looking down on the unemployed.   First to ever post this joke here, yay!
I was walking in DC and saw a "Muslim Book Store" Not knowing what that was, I decided to walk in and look around.   The clerk, who probably noticed that I wasn't exactly his normal type of client, asked if I needed help. So I asked, "Do you have any books on Donald Trumps Immigration policy regarding Muslims and illegal Mexicans?"   The clerk said, "GET OUT, GET OUT AND STAY OUT"   I said, "Yes yes, that one, do you still have the hard cover version?"
What's the difference between a Catholic Priest and a zit? At least a zit waits until you're 12 before it comes on your face!
What do you call a puzzled jew? Bejeweled.
I tried being in a relationship with Jesus, but it didn’t work out... ...but kept getting too cross with me 
How many jews can you fit in a volkswagen? 1 in the front, 3 in the back, 2 in the trunk, and about a million in the ash tray.
A Catholic priest and a Jewish Rabbi meet at a delicatessen for lunch. The Rabbi orders the pastrami, the priest orders the ham.  "I'm just curious," the priest says to the Rabbi. "Why can't you eat ham?"  "Never really thought about it," the Rabbi replies. "As a Jew, it's just one of the ways we are expected to show our devotion and obedience to God."  As they eat lunch, the Rabbi starts talking about how beautiful his wife is, and how great she is in the sack. "Why can't you take a wife?" the Rabbi asks the priest.   "I dunno ," the priest says. "It's just one of the ways I am expected to show my devotion and obedience to God."  They eat in silence for a while until the Rabbi says, "I realize neither of us can say for sure, but I gotta believe it's better than a ham sandwich."
A Jew, a Christian and a Muslim find a pile of coins A Jew, a Christian and a Muslim find a pile of coins.   They start arguing what they should take and what they should give to God.  The Christian draws a circle and says, “We throw the coins into he air, and whatever lands in the circle, we keep.”  The Muslim says, “No no no. Whatever lands outside the circle we keep.”  The Jew says, “How about we throw it in the air, and whatever God wants, he keeps, and whatever falls to the ground we keep.”
A rabbi and a catholic priest ran a race... The rabbi got the gold. The priest came in a little behind.
My Jewish friend is going to open a coffee shop. Suggested he name it Hebrew.
What does the Jewish track coach do to the female runner? He Kosher.
What do you call a shiny jew? Jewellery
Why did Jesus look so ripped during Crucifixion? CrossFit.
A Jewish man and a Chinese woman get married and have a kid. They want to pick a name that reflects both of their cultures. They think and think and finally settle on the name Chaching The man's younger brother marries a Native American woman.  They too want a name to reflect both of their cultures.  They decide on Smoked Whitefish.
Difference between a Catholic wedding and a Catholic funeral? One person 
A Jewish businessman in Chicago sent his son to Israel for a year to absorb the culture. When the son returned, he said,   "Papa, I had a great time in Israel! ...by the way, I converted to Christianity."  "Oy vey," thought the father. "What have I done?"  He took his problem to his best friend. "Aron," he said, "I sent my son to Israel, and he came home a Christian. What can I do?"  "Funny you should ask," said Aron. "I too, sent my son to Israel, and he also came home a Christian."  Perhaps we should go see the rabbi. So they did, and they explained their problem to the rabbi.  "Funny you should ask, " said the rabbi.. "I too, sent my son to Israel, and he also came home a Christian. What is happening to our young people?"  And so they all prayed, telling the Lord about their sons. As they finished their prayer, a voice came from the heavens:  "Funny you should ask," said the voice. "I too, sent my son to Israel...
Where do muslims shop for clothing? Turban outfitters !
A Jew, a Christian, and a black person go to hell... When they speak to the devil the devil says, "I will grant all of you one wish, if you hop on the palm of my hand". So the Jew jumps into the devil's hand and says "Let me go to back to the surface of the earth!" And the Jew melts in the devil's hand. The Christian then jumps into the devil's hand and says "Take me to heaven!" And the Christian also melts in the devil's hand. Then the black guy does the same as the rest and jumps into the devil's hand, but says "I don't have a wish." And then the devil tries to burn the black man to but he doesn't melt. Then the devil stares at the black man, confused. Then the black man says "Good chocolate melts in your mouth, not in your hand."
Why do Jews watch porn in reverse? Because they like to see the hooker give the money back.  
Why doesn't Jesus trust mankind? Cause we nailed him to a goddamned cross
Why doesn't Jesus trust /r/Jokes? He's afraid he might get re-posted
Why was Jesus a vegetarian? He doesn't care for stakes
Why was Jesus crucified and not drowned? Because then everybody would have to hang an aquarium instead of a cross above their door.
Nazi: Jews are bad, and their food sucks. Jew: No, Israeli good.
Did you hear about the boy that dissolved in the Jewish pool? It was hacidic
If a muslim hits his wife... Is it considered domestic violence or child abuse?
Whats the difference between Harry potter and Jews Harry managed to escape the chambers 
An American, A Black Man, A Nazi, An Arab, A Chinese Man, A Canadian, and A Jewish Man all step off the ledge at the top a 20 story building at the same time. Who hits the ground first? They all hit the ground at the same time because the force of gravity is the same for each one of them so that they fall down at the same rate.
Allah must be the only God in the universe I mean, Earth was created with a Big Bang
The Pope is saddend that he never sees much of the countries he visits and decides it's time for a change After a visit to Berlin, the Pope decides he wants to travel to Rome by car. Off course, he didn't bring a car and so the German government seizes the opportunity to impress him with German engineering. They lend him the most powerful car they have available, with a German driver/bodyguard. And off they go!  After a while the Pope ask the drive to pullover:  \- Young man, could you please drive along the smaller roads? I wanted to see more of the country, not the highway.  \- But your Holiness, this is the most efficient route.  \-Yes, but I don't want to take it.  \-Why not, your Holiness?  \- Like I said, because I ... Oh just get out I'll drive.  Now that he's driving himself and wherever he wants, the Pope is having a blast. The driver, who's now in the backseat, is somewhat disgruntled but resigns to his fate and enjoys the view. Near the Austrian border, road works lead the Pope back on the highway. And on this splendid highway, in this amazingly powerful car, the Pope starts to feel the need for speed. But that would be sinful. No no no he can't give in. At this moment, the driver pitches in 'Your Holiness, there are no speed limits on German highways'. Hearing this, the Pope unleashes his long dormant powers of a race pilot and floors it. The car almost leaps with enthusiasm that it can finally show what it can really do. As if by divine intervention all the cars in front of them give way and the car reaches its speed limit, just as it crosses the border with Austria.  Within minutes the car is swarmed with police and first responders, tv helicopters are starting to circle. Seeing this Pandemonium, the Pope thinks that his free time has come to an end and pulls over. Several police officers hastily walk over to the driver’s door. The Pope lowers his window and looks up to them with a faint smile. Suddenly the police officers feel very much out of their depth and decide to call the Chief of Police:  \- Sir, a German car crossed the border at more than twice the speed limit and now we are not sure how to handle it.  \- What do you mean, you are not sure? Apprehend it!  \- Yes sir. We got the car sir. But it's seems to belong to someone very important.  \- Oh. Yes, that might complicate it. Is it a congressman?  \- No sir, much higher.  \- Higher? What did you apprehend Angela Merkel?  \-No, sir. We think still higher, sir.  \-Higher?! Bloody hell do you think it's God perhaps?  \- Well sir, the Pope is driving him.  &amp;#x200B;  Edit: spelling
A recently converted jewish man walks into a synagogue... In the synagogue is a doctor offering free circumcisions.   After the procedure, the man asks the doctor,"So how do you make a living if you dont charge people for your services?".  To which the doctor replied,"its simple! I just keep the tips."
What happened to the Amish boy who got in trouble for streaking at school? He got suspendered.
A rabbi and the Pope have a religious debate Several of the Pope's officials are concerend about the growing Jewish population in Rome, so the encourage the Holy Father to set up a religious debate with the head Rabbi. If the Rabbi loses, he must leave Rome. If he wins, they can stay.  However, the Rabbi doesn't speak Italian or Latin and the Pope doesn't speak Hebrew or Yiddish. So they agree to have the debate using only symbols and hand gestures. The Pope goes first. He holds up three fingers. The Rabbi holds up one finger. The Pope makes a circular motion with his hand above his head. The Rabbi points to the ground. Then the Pope takes out a bottle of wine and communion wafers. The Rabbi pulls out an apple.  At this, the Pope holds up his hands and says, "That's it. He is far too smart for me. The Rabbi wins, the Jews can stay."  That evening, the Pope discusses what happened with his advisers. "First, I held up the symbol for the Trinity. Then he held up one finger, meaning there is only one God. Then I told him God is everywhere, and he said God is right here. Then I pulled out the sacrament to show that there is salvation, and he pulled out an apple, meaning that there will always be original sin. He's far too smart."  Meanwhile the Jews are having a party and one of the Rabbi's congregants comes to him and asks how the debate went.  "Can you believe the chutzpah on this guy? He tells me, 'You've got three days to leave Rome.' I give him the finger. He then says, 'Not only do you have to leave Rome, you have to leave all of Italy.' I tell him we're staying right here. Then for some reason he pulled out his lunch so I took out mine."
Everyone thinks Goliath was this big, tough, Jew-bully. But really, he was a Gentile giant.
Jesus teaches us.... You are never too old to have an imaginary friend! 
Where did Jesus hide his alcoholism? In his water bottle
Have you found Jesus? A man is stumbling through the woods totally drunk when he comes upon a preacher baptizing people in the river.  The drunk walks into the water and subsequently bumps into the preacher. The Preacher turns around and is almost overcome by the smell of booze. Whereupon he asks the drunk,  ‘Are you ready to find Jesus?’  ‘Yes I am’ replies the drunk,  So the preacher grabs him and dunks him in the river. He pulls him up and asks the drunk,  ‘Brother, have you found Jesus?’  The drunk replies, ‘No, I haven’t.’  The preacher, shocked at the answer, dunks him into the water again, but for a bit longer this time. He pulls him out of the water and asks again,  ‘Have you found Jesus, my brother?’  The drunk again answers, ‘No, I have not found Jesus.’  By this time the preacher is at his wits’ end so he Dunks the drunk in the water again, but this Time he holds him down for about 30 seconds.  When the drunk begins kicking his arms and legs, the preacher pulls him up.  The preacher asks the drunk again,  ‘For the love of God, have you found Jesus?’  The drunk wipes his eyes and catches his breath and says to the preacher, ‘Are you sure this is where he fell in?
What do you call someone who likes to dress up like Jesus? A cross-dresser.
What did the Jewish man do when he wanted tea? Hebrew. 
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
There were people having a disagreement over whether it is correct to use the term "Jew", "Israeli", or "Hebrew". In the end they were just arguing semitics.
How does Jesus turn a river into a lake? God dam it.
What do you call a prophet cow's prediction? True Moo
What does a Muslim and the English weather have in common? It's either Sunni or Shi'ite
Whats the difference between harry potter and the jews? Harry potter ESCAPED the chaimber
What would Jesus do? Ur mom
What's the difference between a catholic priest and acne? Acne usually won't come on a child's face until they're 13/14 years old
Jesus went into the mountains with his disciples; and he began to teach them, saying: Blessed are the meek.    Blessed are the poor in spirit.    Blessed are those who mourn.    Blessed are the peacemakers.    Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness.    And Peter said: Will this be in the test?    And Philip said: Were we supposed to write this down?    And James said: I haven't got a pen.    And Bartholomew said: Did the other disciples have to learn this?    And Judas said: When will we ever need this in real life?    And some Pharisees came to Jesus and said to him:    May we see your lesson plan? Was the learning objective clearly communicated to all students? Was there a range of differentiated outcomes according to the identified levels of ability of each student? Can you show that you have used a variety of teaching strategies according to the different learning models?    And Jesus wept.
After years of debate, it turns out Allah is actually the one true God. After all, the universe began with an explosion. 
Jesus and Satan had been arguing constantly about who had better computer skills... They had been yelling and screaming at each other for months.  Finally God grew tired of the arguing and he said, "Let's see who can code the best program in only one hour." He snapped, the world went blank, and there was nothing but two computers and two desks side by side. Satan and Jesus sat down and began typing at once.  Each of them typed gargantuan amounts of advanced code that would take anyone else hours to just learn the basics of. When there were less than five minutes left in the competition, there was a loud pop and the screens went blank. The power came back on a few moments later,  and Satan realized he was in a bout of trouble.  He had tried everything to recover his program, but it simply could not be found. He definitely didn't have time to restart the coding from scratch.  He began shouting, "I lost every single thing when the power went out! All of my code! My precious program..."  Jesus, however, had no issues recovering his information. All it took was a simple click of a button, and there his program was. Unharmed without fault, and definitely not lost like Satan's.  A look of awe and jealousy crossed Satan's face. "But... I don't understand." He looked between God and Jesus, "This *has* to be a trick. A ploy."  God looked at Satan and sighed in disappointment, "Jesus saves all."
An atheist , a Muslim and a dwarf walk in a bar and the muslim says This sounds like a setup to a joke     Your mission should you choose to accept it is to find where that joke was from  Hint:it comes from a book genre fiction
*long*Muslim Extremist rides a Cab... Extremist: Can I ask you a question? Driver: Sure.  Extremist: Did they have radio in Prophet Muhammad's time? Driver: No  Extremist: So why do you have it on? Driver: *Turns off radio*  Extremist: Did they have Air-conditioning in Prophet Muhammad's time? Driver: No  Extremist: So why you using it? Driver: *Turns off A/C*  Driver: Can I ask YOU a question? Extremist: Anything my friend  Driver: Did they have Cabs in Prophet Muhammad's time? Extremist: Of course not   Driver: Then GTFO!
How was the Jew man who poisoned his wife caught? He kept receipts.
Why is Jesus such a good goalie? Christ saves all
Muslim suicide bombers in Britain are set to begin a three-week strike on Wednesday in a dispute over the number of virgins they are entitled to in the afterlife  Emergency talks with Al Qaeda have so far failed to produce an agreement.      The unrest began last Tuesday, when Al Qaeda announced that the number of virgins a suicide bomber would receive after his death, would be cut by 25% this February from 72 to 54. A spokesman said increases in recent years in the number of suicide bombings, has resulted in a shortage of virgins in the afterlife.   The suicide bombers' union, the British Organization of Occupational Martyrs (B.O.O.M) responded with a statement saying the move was unacceptable to its members and called for a strike vote.   General Secretary Abdullah Aloud Bhang told the press, "Our members are literally working themselves to death in the cause of Jihad. We don't ask for much in return but to be treated like this is like a kick in the teeth".   Speaking from his shed in Tipton in the West Midlands, Al Qaeda chief executive Aisheet Mapants explained, "I sympathize with our workers concerns but Al Qaeda is simply not in a position to meet their demands.  They are simply not accepting the realities of modern-day Jihad in a competitive marketplace. Thanks to Western depravity, there is now a chronic shortage of virgins in the afterlife.   It's a straight choice between reducing expenditures or laying people off. I don't like cutting benefits but I'd hate to have to tell 3,000 of my staff that they won't be able to blow themselves up."   Spokespersons for the union in the North East of England, Ireland, Wales and the entire Australian continent stated that the change would not hurt their membership as there are so few virgins in their areas anyway.   According to some industry sources, the recent drop in the number of suicide bombings has been attributed to Rosie O'Donnell; many Muslim Jihadists now know what a virgin looks like and have reconsidered their benefit packages. 
Yesterday I found $50 on the street and as a good christian I thought, What would Jesus do... So I died
What do you call an ex-Muslim? A Waslim
Two Jehovah's Witnesses knock on someone's door The house owner opens the door. "Good morning, would you like to learn about God today?" The houseowner was a little bored, and slightly curious, so he lets them in. They slowly enter, and sit down on the couch across from the houseowner. After a few seconds of silence, the houseowner asks, "Well?" The Jehovah's Witnesses look at each other and says to the houseowner, "We don't know what to say, we've never made it this far."
A Jewish man is walking down the street... And he sees a Chinese man in front of him. He then runs up behind the Chinese man and kicks him hard in the back of the leg. The Chinese man falls to the floor and yells, "What was that for?"      "That was for Pearl Harbour!" The Jewish man replies.      "But that was the Japanese, I'm from China!" Answers the Chinese man.      "Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, whatever! You're all the fucking same!" The Jewish man says, and walks off.      A couple of months later the Chinese man sees the same Jewish man walking ahead of him in the street. He runs up behind the Jewish man and punches him in the back of the head. The Jew falls on the floor and cries out, "What was that for?"      "That was for the Titanic!" The Chinese man says, sniggering.      "But that was an iceberg!" The Jew replies.      "Iceberg, Goldberg, Spielberg, whatever! You're all the fucking same!"
There was a Jew walking up the street, and an Irishman walking down the street... The Irishman says to the Jew "I'm gonna punch you right in the nose!" The Jew asked "What for?" The Irishman replied "Well, because you killed Christ!" The Jew said "Yea, but that was thousands of years ago!" The Irishman replied "Well I only found out yesterday."    This was an old time joke my great grandfather told to my Dad when he was like 8. My Dad said his grandfather hated everybody, Jews, Catholics, Irishmen, Italians, blacks, you name it he hated them, hence his nickname was "Evil-O". I'll try and ask my dad for some more when I see him.
Why can't Catholic priests ever win a race? They are always coming in a little behind.
What is the difference between a failed jewel thief and a man who performed a sex change on himself? One of them managed to pull it off.
Why don't Baptists approve of pre marital sex? Because it leads to dancing.
What kind of car does Jesus drive? A Christler.
What’s the difference between a teenage girl and the Popes luggage? One is totes blessed and the other is blessed totes.
What does a Jewish bartender do? Hebrew.  edit: I've just been told that's what a Jewish Barista would do. 
What did the Pope say when a cougar crossed his path? Oh my gosh I almost Puma pants.
Jesus made 6 thousand people bread, but a guy in the 1940s made 6 million people toast.
How do Protestants like their orange juice? without Pope
What's the difference between Jesus and a hooker? One of them starts a religion after it gets nailed.
I told a joke to my Jewish friends about kosher food, but they didn't like it at all... they said it was too ham-fisted. 
Why aren't there any Muslims in Star Trek? Because it's the future 
What's the opposite of a Hasidic Jew? A Hbasic one.
What Drinks Does a Muslim Bar Sell? 72 Different Virgins.
Breaking news! The Pope issued... ...an official statement condemning famed guitarist Peter Frampton's Plumber for allegedly kicking a group of Catholic orphans from a video game on the grounds that they, "Shouldn't play as beggars in the game in order to gain sympathy in real life." Said one moderator, "The trouble really started when Peter's piper kicked a sect of pixeled paupers."
Jewish boy asks his dad for $50 dollars Dad says $40 dollars! Whaddya need $30 dollars for?
What do Sneakers and Jews have in Common? They're more common in 39 than 45.
What do you call a bunch of jews running around in a circle? A zyklone
A jewish man walks down the street He is approached by a native american man who aggresively states   "Your people stole my land!" The jew, knowing that this is incorrect, defends himself.   "i'm not white, i'm jewish, you see," he began, "My family fled here from germany in 1943", but was cut short by the native american.  "My house was taken by the bank"
Did you hear about that Jewish guy who beat the world chess champion? He completely Ausch-witted him.
Three days after the death of Jesus Mary, after visiting the tomb runs to the disciples and says "He's gone! Jesus's body has disappeared."  Simon: "Maybe he was given UpJesus"  Mary: "What's UpJesus?"  Jesus {Risen}: "Not much. What's up with you"
Jesus Tried to Give the Romans a High-Five Before he Died They left him hanging.
What do you call it when Jesus poops? Holy shit
A Jewish girl asked me for my number. I had to remind her that we've got names.
A priest, a bishop, and the Pope are enjoying a leisurely day of fishing... ...when the bishop stands up, rocking their dinghy a little as he stretches. "Well, I'm parched!" he announces. "Back in a verse," he adds before stepping out of the boat, casually walking across the lake to the cooler. *Amazing, he is truly blessed by the Lord to walk across water,* thinks the Pope as he witnesses the miracle before him.  His wonderment only grows when the humble priest stands up as well, saying, "I think I'm going to grab one of the sandwiches myself. Would you like anything, your holiness?" The Pope simply waves him on, unable to summon words at the sight of even the priest walking along the lake's placid surface.  Moments pass before the Pope comes to a realization. *Why, I am the most devout and steadfast believer of all! If the Lord has seen fit to grant the ability to walk across water to even my priests, then surely I can, too!" He stands up, summons all his faith, and steps over the edge of the boat...  ...before promptly flopping into the water.  As his two fishing partners pull him out, the priest says to the bishop, "Do you think we should have told him about the stepping stones?"
I complimented my Jewish girlfriend today, but all she did was slap me! Apparently, "You have a smile that could brighten the holocaust" wasn't very appropriate.
What do you call a Jewish man who's half-robot? Sy Borg.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the picture. 
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You can hang the picture with only one nail
Did jesus pay for our sins in cash or credit? He pay for our sins in praypal.
A Muslim dies and goes to heaven. At the Pearly Gates, St. Peter puts a red plastic bracelet on him before he is allowed to enter.   "Is everyone wearing such a bracelet a Muslim?" the Muslim asks.   "No," replies St. Peter, "it only means you don't get alcohol served at the bar." 
What does a Jew do first thing in the morning?  He brews. 
What's the difference between santa and a jew? Santa goes down the chimney.  ^^don't ^^hurt ^^me
Jesus meets Judas after the Resurrection: A Bible Story After returning from the dead following his betrayal and crucifixion the first thing Jesus did was seek out Judas. Upon finding the distraught Judas contemplating how he'd use the fifty pieces of silver he received for his treachery Jesus said,  "Look man no hard feelings I know this disciple gig hasn't been paying well. But doing me dirty for fifty coins? Did you even try for a better deal? Let me tell you, NEVER take the first offer and NEVER take a lump sum. You should have asked for installments of fifty silver coins every quarter for at least a decade, then you'd basically be safe to invest in high rate of return equities or at least build a dividend portfolio. You know I know about money management: why do you think they call me the King of the Jews?"  Disheartened by the true words Jesus spoke to him Judas decided to blow his 50 silver pieces on 3 hookers, some opium, and a donkey before hanging himself to death.
What do you call a drunk Muslim? Muhammered 
What do a Catholic Priest and a school-gunman have in common? They both like shooting into little boys.
What do you call it when you make someone say prayers all the time just because they’re Catholic? A Confirmation bias
I spent all my money on jewelry Now I’m baroque 
Two Jewish boys were in a concentration camp together... During their time there they became like brothers and when the war ended, they decided that they should live together as such. Many years go by until one of them wins the lottery.  "I can't believe you won the lottery! What are you going to do with all that money?"  "First, I'll buy us a mansion! One with a long front driveway."  "Oh man, that sounds fantastic! What else?"  "Next, I'll fill the driveway with expensive cars! Any car we want will be ours!"  "This is so amazing, what else?"  "I'll have a little circular garden put in at the end of the driveway, just outside the front door, and we'll fill it with beautiful flowers!"  "That sounds wonderful! Is there anything else that you want?"  "Yeah, in the center of the garden we'll have a giant statue of hitler!"  "EXCUSE ME?! WHAT IN THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU?! HOW ON EARTH COULD YOU EVEN POSSIBLY BEGIN TO CONSIDER PUTTING A STATUE OF THAT VILE EVIL MAN IN OUR YARD?!"  *The first man pulls up his sleeve*   "Well, where do you think I got the numbers?"
What is the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang the picture
[Long] A Catholic, a Protestant and a Jew are stuck on a life raft in the middle of the ocean. A Catholic, a Protestant and a Jew are stuck on a life raft in the middle of the ocean.  The Catholic and the Protestant pray for help, while the Jew relaxes in the corner of the raft, clipping his fingernails.  After they pray, the Catholic says to the Jew, "How come you're not praying? Don't you want God to help us?"  The Jew says, "20 years ago I opened up a clothing store. At the end of the year, I gave $1000 to the temple.  "Business was booming. I opened up a second store, and at the end of that year I gave $3000 to the temple.  "Now, I'm nationwide. I have 1200 stores coast to coast, and last year I donated $10 million to the temple.  "So don't worry. He'll find us."
Why do Jewish men get circumcised Because a Jewish woman won't take anything more than 10% off 
What's the difference between a jew and a bullet The bulllet leaves the chamber
A police officer pulls over 2 Catholic priests. He says he’s looking for two child molesters. Catholic priests looking at each other: We’ll do it!
A Muslim, a Christian, a Jew, and an atheist go to a coffee shop A Muslim, a Christian, a Jew and an atheist go to a coffee shop ... and they communicate, have fun, drink coffee, and become good friends. This is what happens when people are not assholes.
Jesus walks into a bar with his deciples He walks up to the bartender and orders 13 waters and turns around and winks
Jesus writes a letter to the three wise men years later, and thanks them for the gifts they gave him. "Hello Wise Men, Thanks for the Frankincense, first wise man, I will make great use of it, perhaps not now, but far later in life. As for you, second wise man, I am very pleased with the Myrrh, it smells lovely and I have been scenting my house with it. However, third wise man, I am travel weary and cannot remember the gift that you sent. I may correspond in the future with you further."  Days later in the wise men's house, another letter arrives.  EDIT: Thanks for the gold
What is Jesus' favorite exercise regimen? Cross-fit.
What does a Muslim meme lord call his naughty girlfriend? Haram bae.
Why do Jews watch pornos backwards? So they can see the hooker give back the money 
Why are Catholic priests called "Father"? Because "Daddy" would be a bit too suspicous.
Why did so many Jews die in Auschwitz? The exit was coin operated.   ^^stole ^^it ^^from ^^my ^^friend
So other day was talking to a Muslim in my street. I asked him " your wife wears burqa and all your three daughters wear burqa as well. Doesn't get a bit confusing around the house?  He chuckled and said " oh! yeah ! Just last night I went upstairs and accidentally had sex with my wife.
Jesus drove a Honda but never talked about it. "For I did not speak of my own accord." -John 12:49
What's the difference between a Lutheran and a Baptist? A Lutheran will say "Hi" to you in a liquor store. 
a Jewish kid asks his dad for 50 dollars The dad replies. "50 dollars? Jesus Christ 40 dollars? What do you need 30 dollars for?"
Catholic students student1: Nuns are the most hateful cunts.   student2: They need some dick.   Dave: They ain't getting Nun...
Two catholic sisters rode bicycles through rough roads of Rome... One turns to the other and says, "I've never come this way before".  The other nun says, "It's the cobblestones".
What is Popeye's favorite thing to eat? Virgin Olive Oil
Why wasn't Jesus born in Italy? He couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin
Jesus and his disciples took turns preparing meals. When it was Jesus’ turn to cook, Matthew could often be heard making comments like: “I like all-you-can-eat as much as the next guy but do we have to have fish sandwiches again?”
What’s the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit? A zit will wait until you’re twelve before it comes on your face.
Jesus said unto Peter "Come forth and you shall receive everlasting life"  But Peter came in fifth and received a toaster
My grandfather, Moishe Greenbergstein, shorted his name when he moved to America, because he thought it sounded to Jewish. _signed Steve Adolf Hitler_
Whats the difference between a Pimple and a Catholic Priest? One will wait until you're 13 to come all over your face.
What the difference between a catholic priest and a pimple? Pimples wait until puberty to come on your face.
What's the difference between a boy scout and a jew? The boy scout comes home from camp.
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews? Harry gets to take the train back.
What's the difference between Jesus and my dad? Jesus promised to come back one day...
I’m surprised there are not a lot of Jewish tennis players. After all, Moses served in Pharaoh’s court. 
The jew walks into the meat market He points a ham with his finger and the shop window, and sais: "I want to buy that fish!" The shopkeaper say to him: "Sorry my friend but it is a pork ham, it is not kosher" The jew replies: " Did I asked the name of that fish?"
Where does the Pope swim? In the Holy See.
The Catholic Church absolutely agrees on homosexuals getting married... ... As long as a gay marries a lesbian.
What's the difference between a picture of jesus and the real jesus? The picture only took one nail to hang.
I met a Jewish girl and she asked for my number. I told her we use names here 
What do a Jew and GTA have in common? If you have a star, you‘re getting tracked.
I met a Jewish girl and she asked for my number. Now I'm stuck at the back of the deli line.
Black jokes are funny, Jewish jokes are funny, Holocaust jokes are funny, 9/11 jokes.... are just plane wrong
What do Jews and sweaters have in common? They´re easier to find in 36 than 42
Jesus's favorite gun would be a Nail Gun. He was a carpenter, after all.
Why don't Muslims have 50/50 raffles? Because you can't draw Mohammad.
An Amish woman and her daughter were riding in an old buggy on a cold blustery day.   The daughter said to her mother, "My hands are freezing cold.   The mother replied, "Put them between your legs. Your body heat will warm them up."   So the daughter did and her hands warmed up.   The next day the daughter was riding with her boyfriend and he said "My hands are freezing cold."   The girl replied, "Put them between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm them up."   So he did and warmed his hands.   The following day the boyfriend was again in the buggy with the daughter.   He said, "My nose is cold."   The girl replied. "Put it between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm it up."   The next day the boyfriend was again driving with the daughter and he said,   "My prick is frozen solid."   The  following day the daughter was driving in the buggy with her mother,  and she says to her mother, "Have you ever heard of a prick?"   Slightly concerned the mother said, "Why, yes. Why do you ask?" The daughter replies,   "Well they make one hell of a mess when they defrost, don’t they?"  
I met a Jewish Girl yesterday who asked for my number I told her we don’t use numbers here.
An old Jewish man was finally allowed to leave the Soviet Union, to emigrate to Israel. When he was searched at the Moscow airport, the customs official found a bust of Lenin.  Customs: What is that?  Old man: What is that? What is that?! Don't say "What is that?" say "Who is that?" That is Lenin! The genius who thought up this worker's paradise!  The official laughed and let the old man through.  The old man arrived at Tel Aviv airport, where an Israeli customs official found the bust of Lenin.  Customs: What is that?  Old man: What is that? What is that?! Don't say "What is that?" say "Who is that?" That is Lenin! The sonofabitch! I will put him on display in my toilet for all the years he prevented an old man from coming home.  The official laughed and let him through.  When he arrived at his family's house in Jerusalem, his grandson saw him unpack the bust.   Grandson: Who is that?  Old man: Who is that? Who is that?! Don't say "Who is that?" say "What is that?" That, my child, is eight pounds of gold!
What’s the difference between Jews and Boy Scouts? Boy Scouts return home from camp
Dressing as Jesus for Halloween I was invited to a Halloween party from someone who I think is really annoying, I gladly accepted the invite. I told her I'll be dressing up like Jesus. Little does she know, I won't be there.
What's the difference bewteen Jesus and a Painting of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang the painting.
How do you pick up jewish girls? Go to Auschwitz with a dust pan  Im sorry
What's the difference between Jews and Boy Scouts? Boy scouts actually come back from camp.
A Muslim terrorist is wandering in the desert Completely dehydrated, with the sun beaming down on him, he is desperately searching for some water. He finally stumbled across a Jewish man selling ties.    The terrorist asks the man “Do you have any water?”, to which the Jew replies “No, but I have a great deal on ties”. The Muslim is enraged, and curses and yells at the Jew. To which the Jew responds “Because I am the bigger person, I will look past your hate towards my people, there is a restaurant up this hill, they will have water for you”.   The Muslim goes up the hill, but comes stumbling back to the tie stand, hardly able to stand up “Your fucking brother won’t let me in without a tie”.  
Two Jews are sitting at a bar. One of them walks over to a cowboy and says, “hey mister, I’ll bet you fifty bucks my buddy doesn’t turn around if you drop a quarter on the ground.” The cowboy finds the offer pretty tempting so he takes the bet.  A little time goes by and suddenly a coin goes clinking around on the ground. The Jewish friend turns around and walks towards the coin.  “The hell man, you weren’t supposed to turn!” The friend smiles, “He offered me $20 if I did!”
A preist, A jew and a child walk into a bar. You would have thought one of them would have seen it.
Did you know that the jew's were called jewc's? it all changed cause of the not c's
I don't have a Protestant work ethic... I have the Catholic work ethic; in that I don’t work... but I do feel very guilty about it.
It’s always good to know Jesus loves you Unless you’re in a Mexican prison that is.
I like Jesus... but he loves me, so it's awkward.
It's the night before the Last Supper and Jesus decides he wants to lose his virginity before he meets his inevitable fate. So he goes out on the town with his favourite disciples Matt and John. It doesn't take long to get merry especially with Jesus taking advantage of the complimentary jugs of water and doing his 'thing' with them.  As the night goes on they find themselves in the company of some fine ladies and after selecting one each agree to meet up in the morning to let each other know how they got on. True to their word they met up for some breakfast the following day. Matt and John had a twinkle in their eyes and a cheesy grin on their faces. Jesus however was looking miserable. Jesus said ' I guess you 2 had a good night then? '. Matt said  ' Sure did. What happened with you? You seem so upset '.  Jesus replied ' It was going so well, but then I went to finger her and she fucking healed up '.
Why can't jewish women give people blowjobs? Can't have meat and milk at the same time.
Jesus... I guess some people just can't stand country music.
The Pope and Nancy Pelosi are on stage in front of a huge crowd. The Pope leaned towards Mrs. Pelosi and said, "Do you know that with one little wave of my hand I can make every person in this crowd go wild with joy? This joy will not be a momentary display, like that of your followers, but go deep into their hearts and for the rest of their lives whenever they speak of this day, they will rejoice!"   Pelosi replied, "I seriously doubt that. With one little wave of your hand?   Show me!" So the Pope slapped her.
what level a muslim extremist wants to be in karate? Rama DAN  
Jesus was walking through the streets when he noticed a crowd of people throwing stones at an adulteress. Jesus said,“Let whoever is without sin cast the first stone.”   Suddenly a rock flew through the air.   Jesus turned and said,“Mom?”
What do you call a Amish grill A George Mormon 
What do they serve at a Muslim Starbucks? Osama Bin Latte
What's the difference between the real Jesus and a painting of Jesus? You can hang the painting of Jesus with just one nail.
Why wasnt Jesus smiling when he died Because he was cross at the time
What does the Pope use to clean his counters? A Papal towel.
What kind of cars do Jewish people drive? Matzah-ratis 
A good one to get Catholics in church. This has to be done in their most sacred place in front of others.   Knock, knock?  Who's there?  The Pope  The Pope Who??   (Just shake your head in shame) 
A Taoist, Catholic and Hindu are on a plane that's about to crash... Knowing that they couldn't escape in time, they decided to pray to their respective gods. The Taoist prayed to his God and lived. The Catholic prayed to his God and he too, lived. The Hindu prayed to his God but died because he couldn't finish saying his God's name.
So this Jewish kid goes to his dad for $20 And he says "hey dad I need a 20 to go the store." His dad says "15 dollars?! What do you need 10 dollars for? I got a five so here's 2.50"
Nun joke we used to tell back when I was in catholic school Back in the Mexican revolution a bunch of armed men enter a convent and start rounding up all of the nuns in the cafeteria. The leader of the bandits starts yelling:  "We are part of the Pancho Villa army and it is our right to take what we want! We want all of your food and supplies!"  Sister Mary yells from the back: Not the chickens, please, not the chickens!  "I said ALL of your food and supplies!" replied the bandit. "Plus, we are going to rape everyone of you!"  "Not Superior Sister Prudence, please! She's 80 years old!" yelled sister Mary again.  Before the bandit could say anything there was a commotion in the back. It was Superior Sister Prudence making her way to the front yelling: "He said EVERYONE!".  
What's the difference between a Jew and a Stoner? One enjoys being baked.
Name a famous Jewish cook. Adolf Hitler.
Why wasn't Jesus stoned? Because he's already Holy
My muslim neighbors were fighting over their suzuki and nissan cars. The Ciaz vs Sunny problems are getting out of hand. 
Hot Russian Catholic Girls (Or Orthodox, I guess) [NSFW] There was a bomb at the Russian Catholic Girls' school, and all the girls died. Being Catholic, they were greeted by St. Peter at the gates.  They're all queued up and St. Peter says to the first one, "Have you ever touched a man?"  She thinks for a moment then recalls, "Yes, I did, I touched a man with my hand" and she makes a stroking motion and St. Peter understands. "Well, don't worry about it, just wash your hand in that holy water over there, and go inside the gates to Heaven."  So she washes her hand and goes into the gates to Heaven.  St. Peter says to the next girl, "How about you? Have YOU ever touched a man?" She thinks and remembers, "Yes, St. Peter, I did once touch a man, with my boobs" and she moves her boobs, like, you know, and it's clear to St. Peter who says, "That's ok, don't worry, go and wash your boobs in the holy water, and go past the gates into Heaven."  Suddenly, there's this great commotion towards the end of the line and St. Peter says, "What's going on down there? Calm down, what's the problem?"  A girl steps out of line and yells, "I HAVE TO RINSE MY MOUTH OUT BEFORE GINA STICKS HER ASS IN THERE!"
Did you hear about the New Age Catholic Church? They've got an organic gluten-free Communion wafer ... It's called I Can't Believe it's not Jesus!
What do you call a Muslim cow? Moo-hammed.
Jewish Grandpa A Jewish family is considering putting their grandfather in a nursing home. All the Jewish facilities are completely full so they have to put him in a Catholic home. After a few weeks in the Catholic facility they come to visit grandpa.  "How do you like it here?" asks the grandson.  "It's wonderful. Everyone here is so courteous and respectful," says grandpa.  "We're so happy for you. We were worried that this was the wrong place for you."  "Let me tell you about how wonderfully they treat the residents here," grandpa says with a big smile.  "There's a musician here -- he's 85 years old. He hasn't played the violin in 20 years, and everyone still calls him 'Maestro'!"  "And there's a physician here -- 90 years old. He hasn't been practicing medicine for 25 years and everyone still call him 'Doctor'!"  "And me, I haven't had sex for 30 years and they still call me 'the Fucking Jew'.”
Jesus must be black Cuz he still hasn't come back for his children
If you think I'm going to stop making Judas Priest references... You've got another thing coming
So the pope is touring America, but he tells his driver that he wants to drive because he hasn't driven a car in years... ...  The driver says "Alright, not standard behavior, but whatever you'd like your excellency." And the pope moved to the driver's seat and the driver goes to the passenger seat. Shortly after getting on the highway the pope and his driver get pulled over for speeding. The police officer looks into the car and is amazed. He lets them go with a warning. When the cop gets home he says to his wife "I pulled over someone very important today." And his wife says "Was it the president?" The officer says no. "Was it the Governor?" Again the cop says no. This continues until the wife gets frustrated and says "WELL WHO WAS IT??!?" And the officer says "Well I don't know honey, but he must have been pretty important, because the pope was his driver!"
What did they call Jesus before he turned 18? Nailbate
What is Jesus' first choice of weapon? A crossbow
The British weather has just been declared Muslim A little bit Sunni but mostly Shiite 
What do you call a Jewish woman who has multiple partners? Poly-Esther
Why did the Jews roam the desert for 400 years? Someone lost a quarter.
His Holiness the Pope is an avid fan of crosswords, and one day he was struggling with one... "I can't seem to get this last word to fit!" He complained to his aide.  "Have you checked the other cross words, your Holiness?"  "Yes, but it's only the one word, and it's a four letter word for a woman, that ends in 'unt'''  "A yes, aunt!" Said the aide.  Suddenly the Pope looks up from the puzzle and sighs "do you have an eraser I could use?"
DID YOU KNOW THIS ABOUT JESUS?! (a work in progress) An awful lot of people don't seem to realize that Jesus actually worked for a construction company as a carpenter in his 20s. "Three Crosses LLC" was the name.  Unfortunately, they didn't see eye-to-eye and had an amicable split. You see, contrary to common popular belief, Jesus was a staunch supporter of laissez faire capitalism. Three Crosses LLC, on the other hand, well, they were non-prophet.
A Sunday school teacher asked her class to learn one fact about Jesus by the following Sunday. The following week she asked each of them what they had found. Susie said, “He was placed in a manger.”  Bobby said, “He threw money changers out of the temple.”  Little Johnny said, “He has a pick-up truck but doesn’t know how to drive it.”  Curious, the teacher asked, “And where did you find that?”  “From my daddy.” He replied. “Yesterday, we were driving down the highway, and this red pick-up truck pulled out in front of us and daddy yelled at him,  ‘Jesus Christ, why don’t you learn how to drive!’ “
What if Jesus was gay? Holy fucking shit.
A recently widowed Jewish lady named Sarah, was sitting on a beach towel. She looked up and noticed that a man her age had walked up, placed his blanket on the sand nearby and began reading a book...    Smiling, she attempted to strike up a conversation with him. "Hello, sir, how are you?"  "Fine, thank you." he responded, and turned back to his book.  "I love the beach. Do you come here often?" she asked.  "First time since my wife passed away last year." he replied and again turned back to his book.  "Do you live around here?" she asked.  "Yes, I live over in the next town." he answered and then resumed reading.  Trying to find a topic of common interest, Sarah persisted. "Do you like pussycats?"  With that, the man threw his book down, jumped off his blanket onto hers, tore off both their swimsuits and gave her the most torrid fuck of her life!  As the cloud of sand began to settle, Sarah gasped and asked the man, "How did you know that was what I wanted?"  The man replied, "How did you know my name was Katz?"
What is the difference between acne and a Catholic priest? Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12.
I was on shift at Popeye's when a woman approached my cash register and whispered in a very sexy raspy voice,"I want you to choke me." I was locked in her lustful gaze and I replied...  "biscuits with no drink then?"
A Jewish man was on jeopardy yesterday.. He would only choose questions for 100
What did the Catholic crusader do once he was finished with the front of the squire? He turned the page.
Why should you never get a drum lesson from a Catholic priest? because, he'll diddle your bum.... Tishhhhh.
What's the difference between Jesus Christ and Judas Priest? One of them has a Grammy... 
A Christian, a Jew and a Muslim walk into a bar Spanish Inquisition 
Why don't Jews eat pussy? It's too close to the gas chamber
What's the difference between Jesus and a portrait of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the portrait. 
What's the difference between Santa and a Jew? The direction in the chimney. 
My friend is half Jewish He's got a two skin
Fred Phelps, leader of Westboro Baptist Church, found dead in home surrounded by piles of partially chewed food. Cause of death: starvation. Next to his body was a note in his own handwriting "Can't swallow cause that's gay"
An Arabic man is helplessly wandering through the desert when he comes across a Jewish tie salesman. "Water! Water!" The Arabic man cries.  "I have no water, only ties. Would you like to purchase a tie?" Replies the Jewish tie salesman.  "No!" Exclaims the Arabic man, "I need water! Tell me where there's water!"  "I know where there is water. 20 miles east, there is a village with abundance of water there."  So the Arabic man stumbles off into the distance.  A few days later, the Jewish tie salesman sees the Arabic man crawling towards him on the horizon. This time, he's barely able to croak out, "Water. Water."   As the Arabic man nears him, the Jewish tie salesman asks, "did you travel to the village that I told you about?"  He replies, "Yes. But I needed a tie to get in."
A Jew goes to heaven... And tells God a Holocaust joke.   God said, "I don't think that's very funny."  To which he replied, "Hm. I guess you had to be there" 
Why did Jesus die on the cross? He forgot the safety word. 
What's the difference between a Jewish man's wife and a pound of bacon? Jewish men don't eat bacon.
[NSFL] What's the difference between jesus &amp; a picture of jesus? It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
Jesus saw a crying old man while walking in a desert. He came closer and asked what problem is.   Old man: I’m looking for my son, but I’m gonna lose my hope.   Jesus pitied the man and said, “let’s look for your son together.”  After some time, Jesus asked him that if he has some birthmark or else to recognize him more easily.   Yes, said the old man. “He had nails driven on his hands and feet.”  Jesus started and hugged the man, saying “FATHER!”  The old man screamed happily, “PINOCCHIO!”
Why do you have to take two Baptists with you when you go fishing? Because if you take just one, he'll drink all your beer.
What's the difference between a Jew and a Boy Scout? A Boy Scout comes home from camp.
I met a Jewish girl and she asked me for my number. Had to explain to her that we use names here. It was a pain.
How do you describe a Jew making Tea? He-brew
Did you hear the one about the Jewish baby? Well.. he wasn’t ACTUALLY Jewish, but at birth, he was accidentally sewn together at the hip with his mother. 
As Jesus was traversing a vast expanse of sand and heat he came across a homosexual, dying from thirst. As the son of god Jesus pitied the man, saved his life, and offered to lead him out if this forsaken land. Gladly the man agreed to follow him out of the desert.   Soon Jesus came across a tortoise that had fallen on it's back. As he bent down to help this poor creature the gay man, who had not been with another man in a long time, could not resist the temptation and tried to mount Jesus. The son of god spun around and threw the man to the ground. "Do not try this again with me!" he shouted angrily at the man.  However, only a short time had passed before Jesus bent down again to assist another creature in need and again the homosexual could not resist his urges. "Man, I have warned you and I warn you again" Jesus said as he pushed the man off "if you do this again you will feel the wrath of god".  Later, after they had traveled some distance, Jesus dropped his water skin and as he bent down to retrieve it his companion again could not resist his better judgment.  Jesus turned around to the man and with booming voice announced "you have been warned, now face the wrath of god", and with a wink of his hand he sent him to hell.   Many years later, as Jesus passed through the same desert again, he remembered the homosexual, and curious to learn about his fate, descended down to hell to find out. As he arrived in the realm of the devil he could not recognize the place. Frost covered the walls, thick icicles hung from the ceiling.  In a corner the devil sat and shivered. Jesus approached the shaking figure and asked "devil, what happened here? Why have the fires gone out?"  The devil looked at him miserably and said "you go ahead and try bending over for a log of wood".
Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all the Jews had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a huge outcry from the Jewish community, so the Pope offered a deal. He'd have a religious debate with the leader of the Jewish community... If the Jews won, they could stay in Italy; if the Pope won, they'd have to convert or leave.  The Jewish people met and picked an aged and wise Rabbi to represent them in the debate. However, as the Rabbi spoke no Italian, and the Pope spoke no Hebrew, they agreed that it would be a 'silent' debate.  On the chosen day, the Pope and the Rabbi sat opposite each other The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers.  The Rabbi looked back and raised one finger. Next, the Pope waved his finger around his head. The Rabbi pointed to the ground where he sat. The Pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine.  The Rabbi pulled out an apple. With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that the Rabbi was too clever. The Jews could stay in Italy!  Later the cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened.   The Pope said, 'First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity. He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there is still only one God common to both our beliefs.' 'Then, I waved my finger around my head to show him that God was all around us. He responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us.' 'Finally, I pulled out the wine and wafer to show that God absolves us of all our sins. He pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin.' 'He bested me at every move and I could not continue!'  Meanwhile, the Jewish community gathered to ask the Rabbi how he had won. 'I don't have a clue!!!' the Rabbi said. 'First, he told me that we had three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him the finger.' Then he tells me that the whole country would be cleared of Jews, so I told him that we were staying right here. 'And then what?' asked a woman. 'Who knows...' said the Rabbi. 'He took out his lunch, so I took out mine!' 
A man attacked and stole a battery from a Muslim sovereign. He was charged for a-sult-an' battery.
Jesus walked into a hotel. He threw 3 nails on the counter and asked, "Can you put me up for the night?"
What was Jesus’s favourite band? Nine Inch Nails
An Italian, A Greek, and A Jew are Walking Down the Street. Suddenly, there is a freak accident where a car explodes, killing all three. While standing at the gates of heaven, St. Nick comes out to greet them. They beg him to let them go back down, saying, "We have such long lives ahead of us!"  St. Nick replies, "All right. I will agree to let you go back down one one condition: you must forever abstain from your favorite thing."  The young men all readily agree, and suddenly they are standing on the street again. They start walking, when suddenly the Italian spots a pizza shop. Excited, he runs over to the door and disappears in a poof of smoke.  The Jew and the Greek are sobered by this, and they keep walking.  Suddenly, the Jew spots a quarter rolling along the sidewalk. His eyes light up, and he bends down to take it.  And then the Greek disappeared.  &amp;#x200B;
Fired the maid yesterday because wife suspected maid had been stealing her jewelry. Today I found a snake on our doorstep.     At least we got a diamondback. 
Why don't amish people use electricity? If they had lights they would never sleep with each other 
What's the difference between Jesus and picture of jesus? You can hang the picture of Jesus with only one nail.
A black Jewish kid asks his father for advice He says "Dad, there's this kid at school who's selling a bike, I can't decide if I should haggle him down or just steal it."
Why don’t Jews celebrate Christmas? They don’t want to be on anymore lists.
What's the difference between an IT consultant and a Catholic priest? The IT consultant's laptop has no butt.
What's the difference between Jesus Christ and a portrait of Jesus Christ? The portrait needed only one nail.
An Old Jewish Joke Saul was struggling to take his last breaths when he asked his former business partner and ex-friend Seymour to come to his bedside.   “Seymour,” said Saul barely able to breathe. “I’m dying. But before I go, there’s some things I have to get off my chest.”  “Please Saul,” said Seymour. “There’s no need. Just rest.”  “No” answered Saul. “Let me finish.”  “Seymour, who do you think it was that had an affair with your wife and ruined your marriage?  It was me.”  “And Seymour... who do think it was that sold our company’s secret formula to our competitor, which drove you bankrupt and made you lose your home?  It was me.”  “And Seymour... who do you think it was that black balled you at the country club and spread those vicious rumors around the neighborhood that your family were Nazi sympathizers during the war? It was me!”  Finally Seymour said:  “Saul, I already knew all this.  Who do think it was that gave you the poison?”  
For centuries the Jews in Egypt were asking for God to deliver them Life as a Jewish slave in Egypt was painful and short. Many died from the lashes, others from sudden unexplained organ failure.   One day, the Holy Ghost spoke to god. After the conversation, God looked puzzled at the Holy Ghost and said,   “So, all this time when they asked me to de-liver them, they actually meant...”
So I was talking to my friend about this new Jewish state... He didn't believe me when I initially told him,  so I said "Yeah man, Israel."
Did you hear about the Muslim woman who did drugs? She got stoned.   
Why does the Pope doesn't like trigonometry? Cos it has a lot of Sin.
What do you call a dating app for Catholic priests? Answer: Kinder
What do you call a Gay Jew? A Heblew
A Jewish man is stranded on a desert island After twenty years he's survived and then rescued.  The rescuers notice that he's built two synagogues on the island and finding this odd they ask "why are there two synagogues?"  To which the Jewish man replies "that one over there" pointing to his left "I go to every Saturday" and then pointing to his left "and the other one I'd never even set a foot in that one over there..."
*Offensive* A Jewish girl asks her father for $20 He responds: "$10? What do you need $5 for?" 
Why is Jewelry so expensive? Because Hitler killed so many jewelers it became an almost extinct business. 
Where you send a jewish kid that has focusing problems during summer? Concentration camp 
A waiter walks up to a table full of Jewish women dining And says "ladies, is anything ok?"
A muslim father finds out his son is gay The father tries to help him so they pay the imam a visit. the imam and the son sit and talk in the office while the father waits outside. Three hours later the son comes barging out, shouting "OMG! ALRIGHT, I'LL WEAR THE HIJAB!" 
Had some beers with a Muslim friend and he told me the REAL reason why Muslims dislike dogs As he put it:  "Well.. when some dogs see a Muslim praying... some dogs might.. see it as an invitation.. to some erotic fun.."  (At this point I was snorting beer all over the place)  "...and it kinda ruin the moment"
Moses and Jesus are in a boat fishing. Moses and Jesus are in a boat fishing and they get to bragging about their past. They each rib each other about how old they've gotten and how they don't think the other still has "got it anymore." Jesus dares Moses to prove it, and Moses raises his staff and parts the river. He let's it slowly fill back up, and turns back to Jesus. "Let's see what you got." So Jesus gets out of the boat and takes several steps walking on the water. He turns back to Moses, but slowly starts to sink into the water. He quickly steps back on the surface only to slowly sink again. Finally he's just left swimming and turns to Moses. Moses yells from the boat, "it's not so easy to walk on water with holes in your feet is it!?"
Why did no one wants to play video-games with Jesus? Because it takes him 3 days to respawn.
A Jewish grandmother takes her grandson to the ocean... The boy, dressed for a blustery day, is frolicking near the shore when a large wave crashes over him and carries him away.    The grandmother frantically searches but cannot find him.  She weeps and hails above crying out to whatever force might listen "why, why, why, please he is only an innocent child, bring him back to me".   Miraculously, a wave on the horizon begins to crest and atop it the boy is perched. When the wave met the shore, the boy is returned unharmed.    The woman clutches him, looks him up and down and then remarks: "he had a hat!"  
For all of you who believe Jesus was actually born three days before originally thought. May the fourth be with you.
Did you know Jesus has only orgasmed once? We're still waiting for the second coming. 
What did they call a red-haired Jew back in the day? A gingerbread man
A Muslim, a Christian, and a Jew walk into a bar... The bartender says "Get the fuck out of here!" 
The difference between Jesus Christ and a picture of Jesus Christ. You can hang the picture with one nail.
What do you call a rioting Jew? A Mazel Tov Cocktail
What do you call a Jewish fish? Isra-eel.
What does a Catholic Priest and a McDonalds have in common? They both like sticking their old meat in between a little boy's buns.
How did Jesus keep his form? He did cross-fit.
I don't get why people say Jesus will come back... It's not like he was nailed to a boomerang or something.
God calls up the Pope one day... God calls up the Pope one day, and after exchanging pleasantries, says:  "Monseigneur Pope, I appreciate what you have done in my name, but after thousands of years, the whole faith thing has become really distorted and isn't anywhere near what I had envisioned.  So I've got some good news and some bad news."  And the Pope responds: "Please tell me your wisdom, Lord; I am but your humble servant."  God says: "After thousands of years, I've decided that it's time to come down and set the record straight.  No more confusion about the faith or different wars and conflicts about how to worship.  There's going to be one religion, one faith, and hopefully everyone will stop killing each other in my name."  The Pope is exasperated and says: "That is wonderful, Lord!  What could possibly be the bad news?"  And God responds: "Well, I'm not really sure how to put this, but I'm calling collect from Salt Lake City..."
A Jewish man and a Chinese man strike up a conversation... Before long they are arguing...  Jewish man: "You know what, I hate you."  Chinese man: "For what?"  Jewish man: "Pearl Harbor!"   Chinese man: "That was the Japanese! I'm Chinese!"  Jewish man: "Eh, Japanese, Chinese what's the difference?"  Chinese man: "Well you know what, I hate you."  Jewish man: "For what?!?"  Chinese man: "The Titanic!"  Jewish man: "An iceberg sunk the Titanic!"  Chinese man: "Eh, iceberg, Goldberg, what's the difference?" 
Two old Jews were sitting on a park bench... ...one of them says, "Abie, I heard about the fire at your warehouse, I'm so sorry."  Abie says "Shhh...it's tomorrow."
A Chinese man and a Jewish man walk into a bar... Before long they are arguing...  Jewish man: "You know what, I hate you."  Chinese man: "For what?"  Jewish man: "Pearl Harbor!"   Chinese man: "That was the Japanese! I'm Chinese!"  Jewish man: "Eh, Japanese, Chinese what's the difference?"  Chinese man: "Well you know what, I hate you."  Jewish man: "For what?!?"  Chinese man: "The Titanic!"  Jewish man: "An iceberg sunk the Titanic!"  Chinese man: "Eh, iceberg, Goldberg, what's the difference?" 
What is the difference between a Baptist and a Methodist? A Methodist will talk to you in the liquor store and a Baptist will walk right by you like he never saw you.
What my jewish grandfather used to say when I had a good idea: That makes a lot of cents
What's the difference between a Boy Scout, and a Jew? Boy scouts come home from camp.
A Jewish man calls his mother... And asks, "Hi Mom! How are you?"   Not so good...not so good." Comes the feeble reply.  "Why, are you sick?   "No...I'm healthy."  "Have you been sleeping alright?"   "Yes...I get a full 8 hours." she answers.  "Have you eaten yet today?"   "Well, no...Actually, now that I think of it...I haven't eaten anything at all in five days..."  "Mom, are you crazy??" He shouts.  "Why haven't you eaten in 5 days?"  "Well...I didn't want to have food in my mouth, in case you should call."
How do you keep an Amish woman happy? Two Mennonite...
I was kicked out of my church for suggesting Jesus may have spoke with a lisp It was a real slap in the faith.
Whenever you see four Catholics congregating, You'll always see a fifth.
What does a Jew say to his not Jewish homie as he lays dying? You was always my Goy 
What's the difference between a Mormon man and a Muslim man. A Mormon man gets 72 virgins and THEN kills himself.
What's the difference between a hooker and jesus? The look on their face when you're nailing them.
What do you call a gay Jew? A HeBro.
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and spots? Spots don't usually come on your face until you're around 13
Someone knocked on my door and asked if I had found Jesus I explained it wasn't my turn to watch him this time, and they really should have used bigger nails.  
So jesus got bored and asked god "Why do you exist?"    "someone once told me to become the person I needed when i was a kid. People said I needed jesus"   "oh god"   "exactly"
How to get a female jew's number... Pull up her sleeve... 
What did the Jewish guy say to his friend when he sneezed? Can you repeat that?
What is the difference between a pizza and a jew? You take the pizza out of the oven.
Why do Jihadist Muslims only drink instant coffee? 'Cause they hate the French press
Why did the Muslim go to the doctor? He was having Quran-ic pain
I got kicked out of my Southern Baptist bible study group We were wrapping up today's session and our teacher asked the class what type of gun Jesus would have were he around today.  Apparently nail gun was not the right answer
How did Jesus get in such good shape to always have a six-pack in his paintings? Cross-fit
What makes Hitler better than Jesus? Jesus could only feed 5000 people with 5 loaves and 2 fish. Hitler made 6,000,000 Jews toast
How does a Muslim greet his sister? ISIS
Why do Jews make the best doctors? Because if they give you six months to live and you can't afford to pay your medical bills before then they'll give you another six months.
Jesus fed 200 people but Hitler... Jesus fed 200 people with fish and bread, but Hitler made 6 million Jews toast.
Is there any difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the picture up.
What do you call Jewish craft beer? "He brew"
Jesus and God are playing golf. They come to a nasty par-4 with trees and water hazards everywhere. Jesus grabs his driver and hits a beautiful shot down the middle of the fairway.   God grabs his 2-iron and shanks one off a tree and into a pond.   All of a sudden there's a blinding flash of light and God's ball appears in the mouth of a fish, which swims to the surface and is speared in the talons of a mighty hawk flying overhead. The hawk flies above the green and the fish drops the from its mouth. The ball rolls to the pin and falls into the cup.  Jesus turns to God and says, "you gonna play golf or you gonna fuck around?!"
Why would Jesus be bad at hockey? Because he'd always get nailed into the boards.
Why do people think Jesus would come back? He wasn't nailed to a fucking boomerang. 
What was Jesus' first words? Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!
Why doesn't Popeye need lube? Because he has Olive Oyl..  Bonus:   What does Popeye do to keep his favourite tool from rusting?   He sticks it in Olive Oyl.
At the last supper, Jesus takes the bread, blesses it, and says  "Take this, all of you, and eat it, for this is my body."  He then proceeds to bless the wine and says,  "Take this, all of you, and drink it, for this is my blood."  Finally, he picks up the milk, but Peter looks at him and says,  "You can fuck off."
I once brought a bird into a Catholic Church during mass Apparently, it was a cardinal sin. 
A Christian, Jew and Muslim get to heaven at the same time. St Peter welcomes the Christian and says 'good choice Sir, in you come'. Next it's the Jew's turn, who says 'OK, we got it a bit wrong but hey we were close', St Peter says 'come on in you rascal you' and playfully knuckles his head on the way through the pearly gates.  Before the Muslim could even open his mouth St Peter hushes him with his hand, turns round and shouts 'Jesus, your taxi's here!'. 
Why did Joseph and Mary have the birth of the Messiah Jesus in a barn? Because it was Christmas and all the motels were full!!
Someone knocked on my door and asked if I had found Jesus I explained it wasn't my turn to watch him this time, and they really should have used bigger nails.  
What's two things that partying Catholics and Jesus Christ have in common? They both get hammered and nailed.
Wife : Honey before we got married , you used to give me gifts and expensive jewelry.  Husband : Yes…so ?    Wife : How come you don’t do it anymore ?   Husband : Have you ever seen a fisherman give worms to the fish after catching it?
Jesus and Moses One day, Jesus and Moses are chilling in heaven, and a stick falls from a tree.  Jesus picks up the stick and thrusts it into Moses' arms. "Hey Moses, how about you try to split that puddle of water over there like you did with the Red Sea?"  Moses takes the stick and heads over to the puddle with Jesus. He taps the stick to the water and nothing happens.  He dries of the stick on his shirt and pauses for a moment. He tries again and nothing happens.  Jesus, disappointed, encourages Moses to try once more. Moses dries off the stick one more and says a prayer. He taps it to the puddle once more and the puddle splits in two and creates a dry spot in the middle.  Moses steps through the puddle, overjoyed, and turns to Jesus. "Hey Jesus, remember when you walked on water right after fed the 5000? How about you try that again in that pond over there?"  Jesus and Moses head to the pond and Jesus says a prayer. He steps into the pond, and sinks into the freezing water. He gets out and tries again. He sinks again, and comes out shivering. Moses says that it's only fair he tries once more, so he dries off and tries again. He sinks, and looks even more frustrated than before.  I don't know man, it's been really hard for me ever since I got these **holes in my feet**.
I was talking with a co-worker today about mini-corn dogs and their general availability. A little while into our conversation, he asks me, "Do you think the Pope eats mini-corn dogs?" To which I replied, "Of course - Catholics love little wieners." 
How did Jesus walk on water? He just covered his feet with flex tape
Say what you want about the Amish... Really, go ahead. They’re not on here.
What kind of camp do Jewish kids go to when they can't focus in school? Summer camp, just like every other kid you sick bastards!
Apparently Abe Lincoln was a Jew He was shot in the temple
I truly believe that Allah is the one true God. I mean the universe started out with an explosion didnt it?
Jesus will be back on Halloween this year. He's second coming to get you.
A Jewish student is getting really good grades He's an expert on concentration.
The children were lined up in the cafeteria of a Catholic elementary school for lunch. At the head of the table was a large pile of apples.   The nun made a note, and posted on the apple tray, "Take only one. God is watching."  Moving further along the lunch line, at the other end of the table was a large pile of chocolate chip cookies.   One child whispered to another, "Take all you want.  God is watching the apples."
A Cardinal comes rushing into the pope’s private residence in the Vatican and says ‘Your highness, I have some extremely important information that I need to share with you’. The pope looks at the cardinal with some concern and says ‘Ok, let’s hear it’.   The cardinal takes a deep breath and says ‘Well I’ve got some really good news, and I’m afraid I’ve got some really bad news’.    The pope walks over to the Cardinal and places a hand on his shoulder and says, ‘Now, now, why don’t you tell me the good news first, surely that should soften the blow of the bad news that will follow.’   The cardinal nods his head, pulls out a chair and sit down. Then after a few moments of hesitation he says ‘Your highness, the lord Jesus Christ has returned to earth.”   The pope looks at the Cardinal wide eyed. Then after half a minutes silence, he finally manages to say ‘My gosh Charles, that really is good news’.    Then he pulls out a chair and sits down with a big smile plastered across his face. ‘So what was the bad news then?’   The Cardinal sighs and slowly raises his gaze from the floor and looks the pope in the eye and says ‘He’s moved to Salt Lake City.’
A catholic soccer fan man goes to church before every match of his team And he always prays to a Saint Peter statue and asks it for making his team won.    "Please San Pedro, if my team won this match, I swear I will give you $100".    And because his team is very good, they usually win every match, and the man always fulfill his word and bring the $100 and leave it on the statue's feet.    This behavior was very strange for the priest, but because it was economically helpful for the church, he didn't stop him.    But then, his team started to play badly, and they lost every match. Regardless, the man continued going to the church and asking Saint Peter for his team's victory.    And then the worst moment for his team arrived. If they lose this match, they will descend to the secondary league. And the man was very upset with Saint Peter. So the next day he went to the church completely drunk and threatened Saint Peter.    "Hear me out, San Pedro, if you don't make my team win, I swear to God I'm going to destroy you with a hammer, and I'm not going to stop until making dust of every piece of you"    The priest heard this and was very scared, but he was confident the team will win.    But the team lost.    And the priest, ran fast to the church and hide the statue in another room, and put a little Saint Peter's key holder in its place, hoping the man come drunk and doesn't tell the difference.    And the man arrived, with a big hammer, totally drunk, looking for Saint Peter, and saw the little key holder. He became confused, try to think a little, and then he told him:    "Hey kid, please call your father, I have some pending issues with him".
I've gotten tired of Jew jokes They all seem a bit half-baked
Why did the Muslim cross the road To crash his van into the other side
Why is hitler a better person than Jesus Christ? Jesus Christ fed 2000 jews with 5 loaves of bread, while hitler made 6 million Jews toast
Jesus's greatest miracle.. A dude in his thirties with 12 friends
I love showing up to religious conventions cosplaying as a crucified Jesus. I'm a cross dresser.
What does a Catholic priest and your mums home cooking have in common? Both fill you with a warm fuzzy feeling.  
Why do you always need a jew in a coffee shop? Cause hebrews the coffee
An Asian man and a Jewish man walk into a bar The Asian man goes: “Hi, my name is Joe Chan, what’s yours?”  The Jew replies: “Michael Goldberg... Hey you know, I never did forget you Koreans for Pearl Harbor.”   The Asian man, surprised, replies:  “Uhhh... Pearl Harbor was done by the Japanese, not Koreans, and I’m Chinese.”   “Well.. Chinese, Japanese, Korean, what’s the difference?”   “You know... I never did forgive you Jews for sinking the Titanic.”  “Uhhh... but that was an iceberg.”   “Greenberg, Goldberg, iceberg, what’s the difference?”
Why didn't Jesus like gambling? He was afraid of high stakes.
Where does a Muslim go when he dies?? Everywhere!    Disclaimer: My student told me this one. 
What do you call a Jewish amphibian? A shalomander
In an attempt to appeal to a wider audience, Hollywood remakes footloose for the Muslim and Jewish world Its basically the same movie, just without Bacon
What is the difference between Jesus, and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang a picture.
I'm so sick of people knocking on my door and asking me if I've found Jesus It wasn't my turn to watch him, and quite frankly, if you didn't want him going anywhere you should have used bigger nails.
Did you hear about the new Jewish car? It can stop on a dime turn around and pick it up. 
I heard Jesus may have been blind... But it’s fine he had the Holy Braille. 
Why do Jews do so well in cold climates? They’re still a little warm from the oven.
What do you call a Jewish barista? Hebrew
What did Jesus choose as his last meal? three stakes
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand in a horses mouth? A mechanic 
A news reporter goes to see a Jewish man who has been going to the western wall in Israel to pray once a day for 70 years the reporter goes up to him and says, "hello I"m a reporter for the BBC and we know you"re quite famous around this wall so we were wondering if we could ask you a few questions." The man agrees and she asks, "so we were wondering; what have you actually been praying for all of these years?"The man replies, "I have been praying for peace between the Jews and Arabs and for all world hatred and terrorism to stop, and for my children and grandchildren to grown up in a peaceful world." The news reporter says, "Wow that"s truly beautiful, how do you feel after doing this for 70 years?"The man replies, "I feel like I"ve been talking to a fucking brick wall."
What do you call a Swiss Pope? A Holey Father
Wolverine, Nightcrawler and Cyclops heard of the birth of Jesus and decided to pay him a visit They had travelled many miles following a star, until they came to  Bethlehem.   Finally, the found the stable wherein the tiny baby lay in a manger, watched over by his mother Mary.   They knelt before the babe and asked of his mother, "May we worship the holy child?"  Sadly she shook her head. "No," she said. "For you are but three X-Men. We await the three Ys men."
I met a Jewish girl and she asked for my number... I told her we use names here
Knock Knock! Who's there? Jesus! Jesus who? Oh Come On!
Why do Catholic girls have body image issues? Because the impossibly thin body of Christ is literally shoved in their faces.
What did one Amish guy say to another Amish guy? Oh man, Amished you so much!
I have a friend who's half Portuguese and half Jewish He's a janitor, but the building is his.
If I ask a Catholic sister to work for me as a manager ... Does that make her nun of my business?
How does Jesus make his tea? Hebrews it
How do you freak out a Muslim woman? Tell her that her epidermis is showing.
Why did Rihanna abandon the Catholic faith? She found love in a Popeless place.
Jesus saves And Israel wins the World Cup in over two thousand years! What a miraculous goal keeper!
A Catholic woman is walking up the stairs at church When she gets to the top she falls back down to the bottom. She sees a man and asks "Is mass out yet?" The man replies "No ma'am, but your hat is crooked."
What is Jesus's favorite type of gun? a nail gun...he was a carpenter after all
Why are Catholic priests called Father? Because "Daddy" would be too obvious.
A Sunni and a Shia Muslim have a child together They name her Sushi
Jesus once said: "He who lives by the sword, will die by the sword" He was a carpenter that died by being nailed to a piece of wood, so he might have had a point.
I went on a very unpleasant date with a Jewish grammarist the other day Now I think I'm anti-semantic. 
A jew, a christian and a muslim walk into a bar together in Mississippi. Thats it, that's the joke.
I used to work at a charity where nobody was allowed to mention Jesus It was a non-prophet
A catholic priest once told me “it takes a village to raise a child.. ..and it takes a child to raise a penis”
Amish from the future I met an Amish guy the other day. He looked at me and said " can I confide in you? I'm from 100 years in the future. We built a time machine and I just arrived. You re the first person I've seen since My arival"  Incredibly intrigued, I said to him " wow! 100 years in the future! That's amazing! What's it like in 2117?"  Slightly confused, he looks at me and said .".....well,,,,it's pretty much the same,,,. BUT WE HAVE A TIME MACHINE !"
Why's it difficult to keep Jews in prison? They eat all the lox
Did you hear the main religion in the Virgin Islands is Roman Catholic? I guess that's why they call it the Virgin Islands
Why do members of the Westboro Baptist Church only wear tagless shirts? Because God hates tags.
Jesus vs Satan Jesus and Satan were having an on-going argument about who was better on on The computer.   They had been going at it for days, and frankly God's was tired of hearing all the bickering.  Finally fed up, God said, 'THAT'S IT! I have had enough. I am going to set set up a test that will run for two hours, and from those results, I will will judge who does the better job.'  So Satan and Jesus sat down at the keyboards and typed away.  They moused.  They faxed.  They e-mailed.  They e-mailed with attachments.  They downloaded.  They did spreadsheets!  They wrote reports.  They created labels and cards.  They created charts and graphs.  They did some genealogy reports  They did every job known to man.  Jesus worked with heavenly efficiency and Satan was faster than hell.  Then, ten minutes before their time was up, lightning suddenly flashed across the sky, thunder rolled, rain poured, and, of course, the powerwent off   Satan stared at his blank screen and screamed every curse word knownin the underworld.  Jesus just sighed.  Finally the electricity came back on, and each of them restarted their computers.   Satan started searching frantically, screaming:'It's gone! It's all GONE! 'I lost everything when the power wentout!'  Meanwhile, Jesus quietly started printing out all of his files from the past two hours of work.  Satan observed this and became irate.'Wait!' he screamed. 'That's not fair! He cheated! How come he has all his His work and I don't have any?'  God just shrugged and said,Jesus SAVES
I graduated from a Jewish high school It included Pomp and Circumcision.
What do you call a bar owned by a Jew?  A juice bar. 
Two Jewish men.. Sid and Al, were sitting in a Indian restaurant in New York . Sid asked Al, 'Are there any Jewish people of our faith born and raised in India ?'  Al replied, 'I don't know, let's just ask our waiter.'  When the waiter came by, Al asked him, 'Are there any Indian Jews?'  The waiter said, 'I won’t be knowing, but I will ask  the Chef .After he returned from the kitchen a few minutes later  and said, 'No sir, no Indian Jews.'  Al wasn't really satisfied with that and asked, 'Are you absolutely sure?'  The waiter, realizing he was dealing with 'foreigners' gave the expected answer, 'I check again,' and went back into the kitchen.  While the waiter was away in the kitchen, Sid said, 'I find it hard to believe that there are no Jews in India  . Our people are scattered everywhere.'   The waiter returned and said, 'The Chef and the Captai! n my boss and they all say there is no Indian Jews.'  'Are you certain?' Al asked once again, 'I just can't believe there are no Indian Jews!'  Listen you assholes , I asked EVERYONE,' replied the frustrated waiter. 'All we have is Mango Jews, Pineapple Jews, Orange Jews, Coconut Jews &amp; Tomato Jews!   - No Indian Jews OK!!!!!???!!!
Why don't arabs play monopoly with jews? Because jews constantly buy property over the arabs' already bought property
Where do Jewish people go to think? Concentration Camps.
Why does Jesus Jaywalk? Because he hates crosswalks
Something I'll sadly never get back as a Jew My foreskin. 
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? With a broom and a dustpan.
What did Jesus say after he was resurrected? Nailed it
Where did the muslim go after going on the airplane? Everywhere
How do Jewish citizens defend themselves? Jew Jitsu
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "I don't know, but the flippin' Pope is his driver!"
What would Spiderman's name be if he was Jewish? Spidermann.  I made that joke up and told it to my wife who is blonde.  Me: What would Spiderman's name be if he was Jewish?  Wife: [thinks for a moment] Kosher Man?  Me: good one, but no, it'd be Spidermann (pronouced SPY der min)  Wife: I don't get it.  Me: You know how a lot of Jewish names end in -mann and it's pronounced like "men" instead of "man"?  Wife: OOOOooooh I get it.  Me: Ok let's try it again. What would SUPERman's name be if he was Jewish?  Wife: Spidermann.
How did Jesus get so ripped? Crossfit
If a Muslim beats his wife, would it be domestic violence or child abuse?
Do Jews believe Santa Claus is real? No, but they think Santa Claus Israel
What is the difference between a boy scout and a Jew? A boy scout returns back from camp. 
What do you call two Jewish rabbits? rabbi
Jesus, Moses, and an old bearded guy are all golfing... It’s a par 5 and Moses hits his tee shot first and it lands in the fairway.   Jesus hits his tee shot also in the fairway but a little further than Moses’s.   The old bearded guy steps up and shanks his tee shot way to the right. The ball bounces off a tree in to a pond where a turtle grabs the ball in his mouth  spits it on to the green and a duck kicks it near the hole and a gust of wind puts the  ball in the hole.   The old man starts walk toward the next hole like nothing happened when Moses says to Jesus angrily “Jesus, I’m done golfing with your dad!”
How do you get 5 Jews into a car? Toss a coin inside the car. ....  How do you get 50 Jews into a car? Use an oven.
The pope fired a priest from a cannon. The priest got canonically punished
What do John the Baptist and Winnie the Pooh have in common? Their middle name.
Pope is on an airplane So this guy boards an airplane and finds himself sitting next too the Pope. Trying to not make a big deal out of it the guy takes his seat and minds his own business.   About 20 minutes into the flight the Pope takes out a crossword puzzle and begins working on it. As the flight progressed the guy noticed the Pope getting red in the face and frustrated so he asks the holy father, “You’re excellence is something wrong”?  The Pope replied “my son I need a word that is another representation of a woman, the last 3 letters are u,n,&amp; t.     Well the guy is embarrassed at the question and thinks really hard about for a minute. After pondering it he realizes the word  is AUNT.   “ Holy Father the word is AUNT” the man says relieved that the awkwardness is over.   The Pope looks at him and says. “Awww shit........do you have an eraser?” 
What hit TV show do muslims love? Bacon Bad
What do you call a cardinal who does anything the Pope wants him to do? A papal pleaser
The pope was stopped by a woman yesterday. She stopped him and begged him to help with her 19 year old sons hearing. He looked up and walked over to the boy. He placed his hands over the boys ears and said a beautiful prayer. He looked up at the boy and said with a smile. “Hows your hearing now my son?” The lad replied “haven’t a fuckin clue mate I’m not in court till Wednesday.”
If Jesus was killed in 1865, Christians would be walking around with nooses around their neck instead of crosses. 
If Jesus can walk on water Does he fly when it's raining
How do you get a Jewish girls number? Roll up her sleeve
What did Jewish Bostonian say when the mechanic asked “Something wrong?” Ya, ma car!  (Edit for typo)
A waiter walks up to a table full of Jewish women dining And says "ladies, is anything ok?"  
Did you hear what happened when the Pope went to mount Olive? Popeye almost killed him!
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe? A canoe tips.
A Jewish girl asks her father for $100 to go shopping. He says, "Seventy Five dollars? Why would you need Fifty dollars? What are you going to buy with Twenty Five dollars anyway?"
The real reason you're not allowed to take pictures in Muslim countries... ...I wanted my photos enlarged and they got blown up.
An 8 year-old choir boy caught the Catholic priest masturbating  He said, “What are you doing, Father?”   The priest replied, “It’s called masturbating,” the priest replied,   “You’ll be doing it soon.”   “Why, Father?” he asked.   “Because my wrist is killing me.”
You hear about the Amish prostitute? She slept with 10 Mennonite
The pope goes to meet the Queen of England... They are parading in the streets of London in a horse-drawn carriage., waving at the crowd. Suddenly on of the horses let’s out a big fart.  Queen: “So sorry...”  Pope: “Oh! If you hadn’t mentioned it, I would have thought it was the horse.”
Jesus and Moses Jesus and Moses are in Heaven, fishing from a rowboat. As they were  fishing, they began to reminisce the miracles they performed when they  were on Earth. Just to see if they could still had the knack, they  each decided to do one of their miracles.   So, Moses stood up and extended his arms. Sure enough, the waters of  the lake parted and the rowboat settled gently to the bottom. He then  lowered his arms and the waters closed back in. In a few moments, the  lake had returned to normal with the rowboat floating on top.   "Pretty good, Mo," Jesus said approvingly. "Now I'll give it a try,"  he said as he climbed out of the boat. He took a couple steps and then  began to sink quickly. Just in time, Moses reached out and pulled Jesus  into the boat.   "Jesus Christ!" Moses exclaimed. "What do you suppose happened to you?"   "Aw, Mo, I should have known better than to try that one," Jesus replied.  "The last time I did that I didn't have these blasted holes in my feet."
On their way to get married, a young Catholic couple is involved in a fatal car accident The couple found themselves sitting outside the Pearly Gates waiting for St. Peter to process them into Heaven. While waiting, they began to wonder: Could they possibly get married in Heaven? When St. Peter showed up, they asked him. St. Peter said, "I don't know. This is the first time anyone has asked. Let me go find out,'" and he left. The couple sat and waited, and waited. Two months passed and the couple were still waiting. While waiting, they began to wonder what would happen if it didn't work out; could you get a divorce in heaven? After yet another month, St. Peter finally returned, looking somewhat bedraggled. "Yes," he informed the couple, "You can get married in Heaven." "Great!" said the couple, "But we were just wondering, what if things don't work out? Could we also get a divorce in Heaven?" St. Peter, red-faced with anger, slammed his clipboard onto the ground. "What's wrong?" asked the frightened couple. "OH, COME ON!," St. Peter shouted, "It took me three months to find a priest up here! Do you have any idea how long it'll take me to find a lawyer?
A young man with a masturbation addiction marries a Catholic young woman. Because of his wife’s beliefs, he has to hide his constant masturbation from her. He does it pretty well.   On their anniversary, she puts a blindfold on him and tells him not to peek at his surprise. She guides him to sit at their dinner table and is about to remove the blindfold when suddenly, the phone rings in the other room. She leaves him to grab the phone.   The young man knew that they would likely go out after this surprise, meaning this would be his only chance to masturbate without her catching. So naturally, he undoes his pants and goes to town. He finishes silently just as his wife enters the room.  “Are you ready for the surprise?” She asks. He nods, and she removed the blindfold to reveal the surprise; 12 guests seated around the table for their anniversary dinner. 
A Baptist preacher sits next to a cowboy on a flight. After the plane takes off, the cowboy asks for a whiskey and soda, which is promptly brought and placed before him. The flight attendant then asks the preacher if he would like a drink.  Appalled, the preacher replies, "I'd rather be tied up and taken advantage of by women of ill-repute, than let liquor touch my lips."  The cowboy then hands his drink back to the attendant and says, "Me too, I didn't know we had a choice."
What would you say if you had breakfast with the Pope? Eggs, Benedict?
Don King and Mike Tyson visit the pope Once upon a time, before Mike Tyson's rape convictions, Mike decided to go to the Vatican City to visit the pope, with his manager, Don King.  So he gets there to the gate, and Don sees him, looking very poorly dressed, with a hat put on sideways, a Cheeto bag in his hand, and Cheeto crumbs all over him. Don says "Mike, you can't be looking like this!" And Mike says "I'm Mike Tyson, I do what I want." They enter through the gate, and Mike Tyson's leaving Cheetos and Cheeto crumbs all over the place. Don's like "Mike, you can't be making a mess everywhere!" Mike says "I'm Mike Tyson, I do what I want." So they get to a statue of the Pope, and Don looks and then turns around to see good ol' John Paul II moving his hand in the shape of a cross in front of Mike Tyson. Don thinks to himself 'I don't believe it! Mike's been blessed by the Pope!"  And Don tells Mike that, and Mike says "Blessed?! No, that's not what happened! What had happened was, the Pope said 'Fix that damn hat on your head, pick up them damned Cheetos, and take your damned friend and get the hell out of my property!'"
What did the Italian Jew eat for dinner? Spaghetto
Wife: "In my dream, I saw you in a jewelry store and you bought me a diamond ring." Husband: "I had the same dream and I saw your dad paying the bill."
Whats the difference between jesus and a picture of jesus? U only need one nail to hang up the picture.  See^you^in^hell
Jesus and Satan have an argument as to who is the better programmer. This goes on for a few hours until they come to an agreement to hold a contest with God as the judge. They set themselves before their computers and begin. They type furiously, lines of code streaming up the screen, for several hours straight.    Seconds before the end of the competition, a bolt of lightning strikes, taking out the electricity. Moments later, the power is restored, and God announces that the contest is over. He asks Satan to show his work. Visibly upset, Satan cries and says, “I have nothing. I lost it all when the power went out.”    “Very well,” says God, “let us see if Jesus has fared any better.”    Jesus presses a key, and the screen comes to life in vivid display, the voices of an angelic choir pour forth from the speakers.    Satan is astonished. He stutters, “B-b-but how?! I lost everything, yet Jesus’ program is intact! How did he do it?”    God chuckles, “Everybody knows… Jesus saves.”
What’s the best way to pick up Jewish chicks? With a dust pan
Why was Jesus in such good shape? Crossfit.
A Jewish man is crossing the street when he's hit by a car Traffic comes to a stop, the driver gets out of his car and rushes over to where the Jewish man was lying in the road. He called out to everyone who saw the accident: "Someone, call an ambulance! Get him a blanket, a pillow or something!"  He turns back to the Jewish man, who is lying on the ground, barely breathing. "Oh my god," the driver says. "Are you OK? I didn't even see you there!" As he's talking, someone comes up with a crumpled up jacket and props the Jewish man's head up with it.  "Oh, thank goodness," says the driver. "Are you comfortable?"  The Jewish man looks up at him and says "Eh, I make a living".
Have you heard of the new dating app for Catholic priests? It's called "Kinder".
Why is acne better than a Catholic priest? Acne waits till the kid turns 14 to come on his face! 
How does the pope dry his hands? Papal towels.
Two Jews walk into a bar... They got a drink and left.
What are Jew's favorite brew?    Hebrew
What does Jesus get for Christmas? Older.
A Jew walks into the blades of a wheat harvester A Jew walks into the blades of a wheat harvester and is chopped to pieces. A lengthy and thorough investigation takes place. The investigators take samples and test them in labs, and also try to identify the deceased. After a long time, its concluded that it was actually just an immigrant. After all, Jews never get near the crude scene of production itself, choosing instead to wield their nefarious powers over the market from behind the scenes like evil puppeteers.
What do you call a skateboarding Muslim Radical Islam 
What’s the difference between a catholic priest and acne? Acne doesn’t come off your face until you’re 13
Why did Jesus quit hockey? He kept getting nailed to the boards.
Jesus and Hitler both were tasked with making a meal for the poor Jesus made 2,000 people fish and Hitler made 6 million people toast.
Why can't muslims eat pork? Because if they did, they would be cannibals.
My friend tried educating me on the many different sects of the catholic church. But the only sects they have are the ones with little boys.
When is the best time for Muslims to run a race? Ramadan. They fast during Ramadan.
I came up with this joke during lunch break: What do you call a jewish obstacle course? Shlalom
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? With a shovel
Why do Jewish men get curcumsised Because Jewish women won't have anything unless it's at least 25% off 
How did Jesus get in such good shape? Crossfit
When Jesus died, that was God's sacrifice for the world.. But when I kill my son it's just murder?
What did Jesus think when he saw the success of the bible? Nailed it.
An old Jewish couple, Harry and Sadie, were married for 35 years but never got along... ...One day around this time of year, he says to her, "So? I suppose you'll be wanting a Hanukkah present?"  She says to him, "Harry, I want a divorce."  Harry says, "I wasn't planning on spending that much."
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand in a horse's mouth? A mechanic. 
Jewish Man calls Newspaper office to print death news of his Grandpa   Clerk: $50 per word  Jewish Man: Grandpa Dead  Clerk: Sorry Sir, Minimum 5 words required ...   Jewish Man: "Grandpa Dead, Wheelchair for Sale!”  *Edit to western currency*  
Jesus walks into a hotel during the terrible rain storm He puts three Nails on the front desk and says can you put me up for the night?
A man sais he is Jesus. The man who was listening to him, Didn’t believe him. He asked: “ Can you PROOF that you are Jesus? “ the man said: Yes, I can proof it. Come with me.   The 2 man walk into a street, were the man who claims he is Jesus lives. He rings the Bell of his neighbour. The neighbour opens the door.  The man sais: Im out of sugar, can I borrow Some? The neighbour sais: “ Jesus, again? “
What’s the difference between the real Jesus and a picture of jesus You can hang the picture with only one nail
A Jew, an Irishman, and a black man are in a maternity ward waiting room. The nurse walks in and explains that there's been a terrible mix up with the babies, and that the fathers are going to have to figure out amongst themselves which baby belongs to whom. The Irishman springs up out of his chair and volunteers to go first. A few minutes later the Irishman returns holding a newborn black-skinned baby in his arms.  The black man shouts in anger "Now, I KNOW that baby is MINE!"  To which the Irishman replies, "One of those babies is Jewish, and I'm not taking any chances!"
What do you call a Muslim flying a plane? A pilot you racist fuck
What did the Muslim child say to his mother after it had been caught stealing the second time? "Look mom, no hands."
Reddit no longer has to fear the Catholic Church! Now that it has turned 14 the priests are no longer interested.
Whats the difference between a Canoe and a Jew? A canoe tips
I heard about a great Amish strip club. It's the only bonnetless one in town. 
A fifteen year old Amish boy and his father were in a mall.  They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again. The boy asked, "What is this Father?" The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, "Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don"t know what it is." While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a fat old lady in a wheel chair moved up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened, and the lady rolled between them into a small room.  The walls closed, and the boy and his father watched the small numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until it reached the last number, and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order. Finally the walls opened up again and a gorgeous 24-year-old blond stepped out. The father, not taking his eyes off the young woman, said quietly to his son... "Go get your Mother."
A Jewish man was leaving a convenience store with his espresso, when he noticed a most unusual Italian funeral procession approaching the nearby cemetery. A black hearse was followed by a second black hearse about 50 feet behind the first one... Behind the second hearse, was a solitary Italian man, walking a dog on a leash.   Behind him, a short distance back, were about 200 men walking in single file.  The Jewish man couldn't stand the curiosity.   He respectfully approached the Italian man walking the dog and said, "I am so sorry for your loss and this may be a bad time to disturb you, but I've never seen an Italian funeral like this. Whose funeral, is it?"  "My wife's."  ''What happened to her?"  "She yelled at me and my dog attacked and killed her."  He inquired further, "But who is in the second hearse?"  “My mother-in-law. She came to help my wife and the dog turned on her and killed her also."  It was a very poignant and touching moment of Jewish and Italian brotherhood.   Silence passed between the two men.  The Jewish man then asked, "Can I borrow the dog?"  The Italian man replied, "Get in line."
Why do the Pope’s underclothes make money? Because they’re in vestments
What do you call a jewish vampire? A Noseferatu
Why do jews have such big noses? Air is free
A man goes to the Vatican to meet the pope. He arrives at the Vatican and there is a long line of about 100 people to meet the pope.  The man makes sure that he dresses extremely nicely so he’s wearing a professionally tailored suit complete with tie and freshly polished shoes.  The pope comes out and begins to bless and shake hands with the people in the line one by one.  The first person comes forward and receives a blessing and so does the second, third and the fourth person. But then the fifth person steps forward and he isn’t dressed like everyone else. He’s homeless and wears a tattered trench coat and his hair is messy. Instead, the pope gives this man a hug. The homeless man exits the line and the next few people step up and they all receive a blessing.  The man sees this and decides that he doesn’t just want a blessing, he wants a hug too. So he leaves the line and finds the homeless man and he says “I’ll pay you $1000 for that jacket.” The homeless man happily takes the money and gives the man the jacket. The man puts it on, messes up his hair and rejoins the line.   The line moves slowly but eventually the man makes it to the front of the line. The pope opens his arms, hugs the man and whispers in his ear, “I thought I told you to get the fuck outta here.” 
How do you get a Jewish girl's number? You pull up her sleeve.
What do you call a Jewish knight? Sir Cumcised 
[OC] Why doesn’t Jesus answer his cell phone? Because he’s dead.
I've told the wife this Easter I'm going to be like Jesus... I'll disappear Friday and show up again Monday.
Did you guys hear about the new jewish car manufacturer? The car can stop on a dime... turn around... and pick it up.
Why do Muslims believe the afterlife is more important than the current life? If you lived in the Middle East, you would too.
What do you call it when Muslim men are outside and their clothes blow around? Wind turbines. 
The Pope said sinful souls disappear. Catholics are like “What in the Hell?”
Heard the one about the Pope! One morning the Pope awoke in his bed chamber in the Vatican. To his surprise, he noticed that he had woken up with a massive erection. Perplexed, he called on his personal physician.  'Doctor, this should not be possible,' he said, 'I'm the Pope, and I'm celibate! I haven't had one of these for 30 years!'  The doctor's reply was, 'Well, father, this is a natural phenomenon for all men, and it will happen even to you from time to time'.  The Pope exclaimed 'But you must do something about this! I have mass in an hour, and this thing isn't going away!'  The doctor replied 'You have two options... either I can administer an injection to your penis to make the problem go away, which will hurt and make you feel ill, or you can just quietly go into the toilet over there and relieve yourself.'   Fearing the injection, the Pope elects the second option.  Unbeknown to him, a paparazzi photographer had sneaked into the Vatican, and just as the Pope reaches that point of no return, up pops the photographer and begins snapping away.  The Pope immediately summoned his security guards, who arrested the photographer, and began to quite thoroughly and professionally beat him up.   The photographer shouted out, 'Hey, I thought you were a Christian organization! What has happened to your forgiveness?'  His anger having passed, the pope agreed with the photographer, and relented, saying 'Yes, my son, you are right, we shall release you. Unfortunately, we cannot return your camera, as we cannot allow the scandal of what is contained on the film to be seen in the outside world.'   Never slow to take an opportunity, the photographer replied, 'But this is how I make my living! If you take my camera, I'll lose the money I could have sold the photographs for!'  The Pope, feeling guilty, agreed. 'Very well, we will compensate you. How about $100,000?'   Ecstatic, the paparazzi agreed, and was soon on his way.  The Pope, in time, attended confession. Of course the whole story came out. For his penance, he was ordered to walk three times around St. Peter's, with the offending camera around his neck.  Out on his walk, he meets a Japanese tourist who said: 'Ah, so, very nice Japanese camera you got there, Mr. Pope, ah, may I ask how much you pay for it?'  Being the Pope, he cannot tell a lie, so he replied, 'I must confess that I paid $100,000 for it.'   'Ah.... so....' said the Japanese gentleman, 'look like someone saw you coming
I find it very strange and coincidental that Jesus. Was born on Christmas day and died on good Friday.
A Muslim, A Jew and a Christian enter a bar. They take a coffee, pay and leave.
I work with a Muslim that keeps calling me an “American Pig” He’s a piece of Shiite
Why does Jesus hate Christian rock? #Because it fucking sucks.
What do you get when you cross a Jew and a cop? A moral dilemma.
Jewish women are so stingy They want even their dicks at least 10% off!
How can you tell Jesus was Irish? He lived at home until he was in his thirties, he thought his mother was a virgin, he was an unemployed carpenter who got into trouble with the Empire, his last night on Earth was spent out drinking with his mates, and his last request was a drink. 
Did you hear about that new Jewish car? It stops on a dime, then picks it up!
The pope called child abuse “poop” in Ireland Something that happens directly under him, everyday, that he tries to flush down the toilet, so that no one sniffs it out. 
A Catholic a Lutheran and a Baptist are talking about their faiths. The Catholic say "I'm Catholic, we carry rosaries"   The Lutheran says "I'm Lutheran, we have the Lutheran rose"   Finally the Baptist says "I'm Baptist, I have a chicken spaghetti!"
The Pope was in County Down yesterday as part of his visit to Ireland. When someone asked him how he was enjoying it he replied "It hasn't been the same since Carol Vorderman left."
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash
The Pope goes to Washington DC. He's there to cure the sick, heal the masses, and all those Pope type things he does.   Donald Trump comes up to him and says, "Please Your Holiness, can you help me with my hearing?"   The Pope then placed his hands over Trump's ears and blessed him.   "Well that's all well and good," said Trump, "but my impeachment hearing's not till next month."
The head of KFC called the Pope He said, "I'll give you a million dollars to change the Lord's prayer to give us our daily chicken."  The Pope said no and hung up.  KFC called back and offered 10 million.  The Pope said no and hung up.  KFC called back and offered 100 million.  The Pope said, "You have a deal!"  The Pope got all the churches big wigs together and said, "I have good news and bad news.  Good news is, we are 100 million richer.  Bad news is, we lost the Wonder Bread account. 
Why are all jewish boys circumcised? Because jewish women love things 20% off.
What disappoints a catholic priest more than a soprano choir boy’s balls dropping? Dropping them himself
Jesus Can Walk On Water Babies are 72% water I can walk on babies Therefore I am 72% Jesus
Why did Jesus stop playing Hockey? Because he kept getting pinned to the boards
I have a friend who goes to Jew camp I’m not sure why. The last time Jews were in camps, it didn’t end so well
Jesus died on a Friday That's why on Black Friday we get eternal savings.
A mormon was having an affair with a 15 year old girl who had lied about her age, when he learned the truth he broke it off and over the next few week guilt set in and he confessed to his wife. She screamed at him, "How could you cheat on me like that with an older woman!?!?!?".
Jesus walks into a hotel..... Puts some nails on the counter and says "can you put me up for the night?"
What kind of shoes does an Asian Catholic lady wear? Nun Chucks
Why is Jesus Christ the worst perosn to play first person shooters with? He takes three days to respawn   Edit: Sorry about the misspelling of "person."
I told my buddy that Jewish people call God by a different name He was like, "No way!"   I was like, "Yahweh"
A Methodist minister and a Baptist minister..... ....lived across town from each other. They would pass every Sunday morning on their bikes in the center of town as they were heading to their churches. One week the Methodist made it about two thirds of the way across town before he ran into the Baptist, who was on foot. "Where's you bike?" "I think someone took it." Grumbled the Baptist. "Well here's what you do," the Methodist suggested. "You need to preach a sermokn on The Ten Commandments, and when you get to 'Thall shalt not steal,' the thief will feel guilty and return the bike." The Baptist was thrilled, "That's a great idea!" The next week the two met on their bikes in the center of town. "I see the sermon worked," said the Methodist. " Not exactly." "What do you mean?" "Well I did what you suggested and preached about The Ten Commandments," said the Baptist. "But when I got to 'Thall shalt not commit adultery,' I remembered where I left it.
The Amish Hand Warmer An amish woman and her daughter were riding in an old buggy one cold blustery day. The daughter said to her mother, "My hands are freezing cold." the mother replied "Put them between your legs. Your body heat will warm them up." The daughter did and her hands warmed up.  The next day the daughter was riding with her boyfriend who said, "My hands are freezing cold." The girl replied, "Put them between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm them up." He did and warmed his hands. The following day the boyfriend was again in the buggy with the daughter. He said, "My nose is cold." The girl replied "Put it between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm it up." He did and warmed his nose. The next day the boyfriend was again driving with the daughter and he said, "My penis is frozen solid."  The following day the daughter was driving in the buggy with her mother, and she says to her mother, "Have you ever heard of a penis?" Slightly concerned the mother said, "Why, yes. Why do you ask?" The daughter replies, "They make one hell of a mess when they defrost, don't they?"
Why are Catholic priests called "Father?" Because "Daddy" would be too suspicious.
An Atheist student wants to have his final words with his Catholic teacher before he passes away. "Jimmy," said the Doctor "I'm very sorry to say, but you don't have much time left until you pass away. How would you like to spend your last few minutes?"  "I wanna talk to my math teacher," said Jimmy  "You wanna talk to your teacher during your last couple of minutes? Well, that is a rather odd way to spend it, but we'll get him."   "Well, Mr. Kurfenstein, this is going to be your last moments with your math student." said the Doctor  "Jimmy, I am so sorry you have been diagnosed with cancer, I---" All of a sudden Mr. Kurfenstein gets interrupted by Jimmy  "MR. KURFENSTEIN! Did I ace that final math exam like I promised??"  "No, Jimmy, I'm so sorry... I am very sorry..."  "Mr. Kurfenstein.... did I.... did I fail? My last math exam that I will never have a shot at ever again? You seem very sad, and disappointed." sadly asked by Jimmy  "No, not that you goof. You have 5 seconds before you drop and you haven't converted to Jesus, you're going to hell." said Mr. Kurfenstein.  
How do Jewish people sneeze? AAJEW!
Jesus turned water into wine and amazed millions I turned my car into a pole and now I can’t drive.
What do you call a jew who can't mind their own business? Nosy!
Jesus doesn't get angry. He gets cross
A man goes into heaven and there he meets Jesus. He asks Jesus what that broken clock is there for. Jesus says “that is Mother Teresa’s clock it has never moved because she has never lied”.   “There is Abraham Lincoln's clock. He had lied twice so it has moved twice.”   “Where is Donald Trump’s?” Asked the man.   Jesus answers “it is in my office, I am using it as a ceiling fan.”
Why was Jesus in good shape? Because he did cross-fit.
What are the similarities between playing GTA and being jewish? You get chased after just one star
A toddler comes home from Catholic school She asks her dad “dad, they said God made everybody, is that true?”  Her dad says “Yes that is true.”  She asks “So God made you?”  Her dad says “Yes, God made me.”  Puzzled, she asks “and God made me?”  Her dad replies “Yes, he made you... why?”  She then replies “Okay, at least God is getting better now.”
Why wasn't Jesus born in America? God couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin.
Why was the Amish girl excommunicated? Too men a night
I was raised in a Protestant family I was raised in a Protestant family and I think my Mom was anti-Catholic. Before I went to college my Dad suggested I visit different kinds of churches. One Sunday morning my Mom asked me where I was going to church and I said, "Holy Mother of Jesus Christ Almighty" and she slapped me.
How do you pick up jewish girls? With a shovel.
"Jesus take the wheel!" I think my Mexican driver is tired of my jokes.
Why did Jesus Christ have to stop playing hockey? Because he kept getting nailed to the boards.
When I Was A Child I Wanted To Be The Savior Of The World. Then they told me that Jesus was the Son Of God And I realized it's all who you know....
1978: Wales win Grand Slam, Liverpool win European Cup, pope dies. 1981: Prince Charles marries, Liverpool win European Cup, pope shot.  2005: Prince Charles marries, Liverpool reaches Champions League semis, pope dies.  2018: Prince Harry marries, Liverpool reaches Champions League final, it's probably time to warn the pope.
Jesus is hanging on the cross. Paul is nearby. Jesus calls to Paul  "Paul, come to me please." Paul rushes forward and is immediately beaten back by Roman soldiers. They beat him senseless and leave him in a heap on the side of the road.  Paul awakens to hear Jesus calling again, "Paul, come to me. I need you.". Paul rushes the soldiers and is badly beaten again, 2 broken ribs and 3 broken fingers this time. He is thrown in a heap on the side of the road.  A few minutes later Paul hears Jesus again. "Paul, please. I need to tell you...". Paul rushes forward and meets the soldiers again, he fights a savage fight and is beaten and bloody but this time makes it to the foot of the cross where Jesus is hanging.  "Jesus, I am here! What do you need to tell me?", Paul cries to his saviour. Jesus looks down upon him and says "I can totally see your house from here!"
Jesus is playing golf with St Peter... ... he hit the ball straight into a lake. He then walks onto the water to retrieve his ball... a man watching says "Who does he think he is? Jesus?"   St Peter replies "He IS Jesus but he thinks he is Tiger Woods"
Touched by Jesus Saying that you were touched by Jesus is a completely different story in a Mexican prison.
What did the Muslim say when he was accused of something? I didn’t do Shiite.
James was visiting an Amish Community... And after being shown how they constructed their barns, raise their crops, and make butter, he was taken into the meeting building in the center of the town.  In this room their was a large, delicately carved table with many large chairs set around it. Their was a very beautiful Grandfather clock against the center of the back wall, and above it was a large, red light bulb.  James, intrigued by this seemingly contradictory item, promptly asked his guide what it was.  "It turns off when those who are possessed by technology are in a state of mass confusion and panic."  James, amazed, said, "So like if their was a war or a terrorist attack or something like that it would turn off?"  "No," the man replied, "it goes off when the power's out."
The Pope and Folgers coffee Folgers manages to arrange a meeting with the Pope at the Vatican.  After receiving the Papal blessing, the Folgers official whispers, "Your Eminence, we have an offer for you. Folgers is prepared to donate $100 million to the church if you change the Lord's Prayer from 'give us this day our daily bread' to 'give us this day our daily coffee."  The Pope responds, "That is impossible. The prayer is the word of the Lord. It must not be changed."  "Well," said the Folgers man, "we anticipated your reluctance. For this reason we will increase our offer to $300 million."  "My son, it is impossible, for the prayer is the word of the Lord and it must not be changed."  The Folgers guy says, "Your Holiness, we at Folgers respect your adherence to the faith, but we do have one final offer.... We will donate $500 million - that's half a billion dollars - to the great Catholic Church if you would only change the Lord's Prayer from 'give us this day our daily bread' to 'give us this day our daily coffee.' Please consider it."  And he leaves.  The next day the Pope convenes the College of Cardinals. "There is some good news," he announces, "and some bad news.The good news is that the Church will come into $500 million.'"  "And the bad news, your Holiness?" asks a Cardinal.  "We're losing the Wonder-Bread account."
Jesus is on the cross and he calls out ‘PETER’! Peter hearing Jesus’s voice above the multitude of people, rushes to be at Jesus’s side at his moment of need.  Peter has to get through the Roman guards first.  He rushes the guardsmen but nabbed and violently beaten and thrown back into the crowd.   Jesus calls out again ‘PETER’!  Again Peter musters all his strength and rushes the guards but is caught and even more violently beaten and thrown back into the crowd.    Peter lying broken, bruised, beaten and in terrible pain heats Jesus cry out again ‘PEETTEEER’!  Peter hearing Jesus’s voice musters up all his strength and uses the will of god, again rushes the Roman guards!  By a miracle he breaks through and rushes to the feet of Jesus.  Bloodied and beaten he looks up at Jesus and says... ‘Jesus, it is Peter!  I am here!  I am here to listen to your words of eternal wisdom!    Jesus replies ‘Peter.... I can see your house from here!  
What's Jesus' favorite gun? A nail gun!
TIL Muslims are not allowed to eat a certain kind of honey that comes from a certain species of bee. They call it "The Haram Bee"
Jesus and Todd are talking in a bar... Todd sips a glass of wine, to his delight, it was quite tasteful.  Jesus pulls out a cup of red blood and sips it, he seemed to enjoy it.  "What the actual fuck?" Todd asked in confusion.  "You drink my blood, I drink your blood, it's fair." responded Jesus.
A Chinese man walks into a bar and sits right next to a Jewish man. The Jewish man starts eyeing the Chinese man suspiciously, a dark expression covering his face. Suddenly, with no warning at all, he stands up, grabs the Chinese man by the neck, smashes his face against the bar and throws him to the floor.   The Chinese man, dazed and angry, stands up and confronts the Jewish man. “What the fuck is wrong with you?! Why would you do that?!”  The Jewish man looks him in the eye and says “That was for bombing Pearl Harbor.”  The Chinese man froze. “For bombing Pe- but that was the Japanese!! I am Chinese!”  “Japanese, Chinese, Korean, you’re all the same to me”, said the Jewish man.   Dumbfounded, the Chinese man sits at the bar and orders another beer. He keeps eyeing the Jewish man, a dark expression on his face. Suddenly, he grabs his beer mug and smashes it against the Jewish man’s face, then proceeds to punch him and kick him until the Jewish man isn’t moving any more. He sits back at the bar.   After a couple of minutes, the Jewish man struggles to his feet, stumbles to the bar, and confronts the Chinese man. “What the fuck was that about?”  The Chinese man sips his beer, and without looking at the Jewish man, he says “That was for sinking the Titanic.”  Outraged, the Jewish man goes red. “Sinking the Ti- that was an iceberg!!”  The Chinese man shrugs. “They’re all the same to me, icebergs, Goldbergs, Rosenbergs, Silberbergs...”
What did Jesus day when Judas went to hell? Don't cross me again
How do you circumcise a Catholic man? Kick his priest in the jaw
What’s the difference between a Chilean mining company and a Catholic priest? The Chilean mining company gets its miners stuck in a shaft. The Catholic priest gets its shaft stuck in a minor.
What do you call a Jewish astronaut? Merchant of Venus
I think the Chinese employer liked jewellery... He asked me what I could bling 
I ran into a celebrity while walking down Hollywood Boulevard. He had a mullet, tons of jewelry, and was yelling, “I piy the fool!” I said, “Hey, you missed a t.”
How do you cook Jesus? You crusiFRY him
Do you want to hear a dead Jesus joke? That's the holy spirit
A Catholic priest once met with a Shaykh and asked him: "Why are your men required to have beards?" The Shaykh smiled and took out two kiwis from his pocket (he likes to carry kiwis around with him). He peeled the hairy skin from one of them, and left the hairy skin on the other.  He then threw both of the kiwis on the ground and asked the priest: "Which one are you willing to eat?" The priest said "Of course the one with the hairy skin still on it!"  The Shaykh again smiled and said: "It is the same with our men!"
The Pope and some of his closest bishops.. .. are walking down the halls of the Vatican one evening, when, suddenly, the Pope catches a strange movement out of the corner of his eye. Startled, he squints and peers further down the hallway.         “What is it, Papa,” asks one of the bishops.      “I don’t a-know, exactly,” says the Pope, “but it could be.. Yes! I think it is! The Second Coming. It’s-a here!”         The bishops, startled, “What do we do?!”      “Look-a busy! Look-a busy!” 
How did Jesus get those sweet biblical abs? Cross fit
A well dressed man demanded a meeting with pope. Cardinals carry his wish to pope and the pope accepts him in his chambers, curious about whats going on, cardinals start to eavesdrop.   -We'll give you two billion dollars for that says the man  -Simply not possible answers the pope  The man raises the offer two fold, the pope declines it calmly again, after some back and forth the man offers 30 billion dollars yet pope declines it still. Furious, the man leaves the chamber red and mumbling. Cardinals rush in to ask what was all that about and why the pope didn't accept such a huge sum that would have been used to improve church's influence  tremendously world wide.  The pope smiles thoughfully and answers;  -Fucker wanted me to replace "amen" with "Coca Cola ^TM ".
A Muslim, Buddhist and Christian stands on a rooftop. They all have great faith towards their respective God and agreed they jump from the rooftop of a 20-storey building and that they will be saved.  So the muslim, very firm in his belief, jumped first and started calling to Allah. He chanted "AllahAllahAllahAllahAllah....." repeatedly with great faith. As he falls halfway through the building his chant became cry and he loudly screamed "AllahAllahAllahAllah..." until he reaches the ground and died.  (Meanwhile in muslim's heaven, Allah realized that the man was calling him and mistaken it for "Lalalala..." and he couldve saved him.)  Next, the Buddhist although pretty shaken at the fate of his acquiantance, stood firm and jumped with great faith.  As he falls he started calling to Buddha, chanting the name "Buddha, Buddha, Buddha...." with confidence and peace of mind.  (Buddha witnessed the unyielding faith of this man and decided to heed his call)  The man fell closer and closer to the ground but his spirit doesnt falter the slightest. At the point where he was close to the ground, he miraculously slowed down as he past 2nd floor until he stopped and slowly, he floated to the sky.  He then descended slowly back at the rooftop and cried because this miracle that happened to him.  Now it was the Christian's turn. He was greatly inspired by the miracle he just witnessed. And alas!, he took the leap of faith off the building and called loudly, "Jesus, Jesus, Jesus..."  (Jesus heard the man's plead and decided to save him just at the last second before he hits the ground to test his faith)  As the man falls halfway through, he pleads louder, "Jesus! Jesus! Jesus!..."  He was almost near, and louder he exclaimed "Jesus!! Je-.. He stopped for a moment and took his deepest breath to call. Buddha!! Buddha!! Buddha!! Bu-....."  The man died.
Why are so many Pakistani's Muslim when Islamabad? Why are so many Pakistani's Muslim when Islamabad?   (I have nothing more against Islam than any other religion*)
What's the difference between a catholic priest and acne? Acne waits until you hit puberty to come on your face.
In response to current controversies, the Catholic Church is changing the confessional process. The phrase “Father, I have sinned.” will be replaced with “Daddy, I’ve been naughty.” 
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? With a broom and dustpan.
What's the difference between Jews and boy scouts? Boy scouts come back from camp
When a mute prophet is predicting the end of the world, that's a sign of the end times.
A Jewish cook went to the Vatican and insisted on seeing the Pope. After a long wait the Pope granted him an audience and asked the cook what could he do for him.  The Jew said that he was a cook, before him his father was a cook, his grandfather was a cook, his great grandfather was a cook, and that he comes from a family of cooks that goes back to over 2000 years....  The Pope congratulated him and asked him again, what could he do for him?  The Jew said: "Well, the bill for the last supper has still not been paid.... "
Have you tried Jewish coffee! You would like it, Israeli good!
How does a Catholic priest sing the song "Joy in my heart"? I've got the joy joy joy joy joy in my pants  Ho! Boy in my pants  Ho! Joy in my pants
You should never piss off a Muslim They have a tendency to blow up.
Which fish are the best jewelers? Smelt
It's been discovered that Mary was not infact a virgin when Jesus was born. It was an inaccurate conception.
What do you call a jews boobs Jewbs
"Peter," said Jesus, "you are my rock." Peter looked angry... "I really wish you'd stop taking me for granite!"
Why is the Pope's favourite pet a cat? because he's a catholic
Allah is the one true God. The universe started with an explosion.
Where do Muslims in the Caribbean go to pray? Jamecca!
Why was the Amish woman shunned? Too Mennonite
Why wasn’t Jesus born in the USA? Because they couldn’t find three wise men and a virgin. 
I met a Jewish Girl over the weekend... We hit it off and she asked me for my number, but I told her we use names here.
Why do Jews like chocolate cake? Because its really rich
Did you hear about the Jewish man who made beer? Hebrew
Jesus and Lazarus are playing poker. Jesus says... I'll see you and I'll raise you.
A Jewish bookie was at the races playing the ponies and losing his shirt. He noticed a Priest step out onto the track and bless the forehead of one of the horses lining up for the 4th race.   Lo and behold, that horse - a long shot - won the race.  Next race, as the horses lined up, the Priest stepped onto the track.   Sure enough, he blessed one of the horses.   The bookie made a beeline for a betting window and placed a small bet on the horse.  Again, even though it was another long shot, the horse won the race. He collected his winnings, and anxiously waited to see which horse the Priest would bless next.  He bet big on it, and it won.  As the races continued the Priest kept blessing horses, and each one ended up winning.  The bookie was elated.  He made a quick dash to the ATM, withdrew all his savings, and awaited for the Priest's next blessing that would tell him which horse to bet on.  True to his pattern, the Priest stepped onto the track for the last race and blessed the forehead of an old nag that was 100/1. This time the priest blessed the eyes, ears, and hooves of the old nag. The bookie knew he had a winner and bet every cent he had on the old nag.  He watched dumbfounded as the old nag pulled up lame and couldn't even finish the race.  In a state of shock, he went to the track area where the Priest was standing. Confronting him, he exclaimed, "Father! What happened? All day long you blessed horses and they all won. Then in the last race, the horse you blessed never even had a chance. Now, thanks to you I've lost all my money!"  The Priest nodded wisely and with sympathy. "You aren't Catholic are you my son?"  "No, I'm Jewish."  "That's the problem", said the Priest, "you couldn't tell the difference between a blessing and last rites."  
What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer? Ash.    edit: Thank you, didn't expect it to blow up.
What’s a Jew’s Favorite Part of basketball? Free throws 
Jesus relieves St. Peter at he pearly gates for a coffee break. Soon an old man approaches to be admitted. Jesus thinks to himself..."Oh man, I know this guy from somewhere." Embarrassed, he says, "Yes, I know you. On Earth you lived...let's see..." The old man says, "I lived in a Mediterranean country." Jesus says, "Right, I remember. And you worked as...uh..." "I was a carpenter." the old man says. "Yes, and kids, you had..." The old man says, "Well there was the boy, but he wasn't really mine." Then it clicks, Jesus looks at the old man and cries, "Dad!" and the old man cries, "Pinocchio!"  
The Jew says... A Catholic, a Protestant, a Muslim and a Jew were in a discussion during a dinner.   Catholic: “I have a large fortune… I am going to buy Citibank!”   Protestant: “I am very wealthy and will buy General Motors!”   Muslim: “I am a fabulously rich prince… I intend to purchase Microsoft!”   They all wait for the Jew to speak…   The Jew stirs his coffee, places the spoon neatly on the table, takes a sip of his coffee, looks at them and casually says: “I’m not selling!!”
What’s the difference between Santa Clause and a Jew? The direction in the chimney
A guy was boarding a plane when he heard that the Pope was on the same flight... "This is exciting!" thought the gentleman. "I've always been a big fan of the Pope. Perhaps I'll be able to see him in person.”   Suddenly, the man realized his seat was right next to the Pope himself!  Still, the gentleman was too shy to speak to His Holiness.   Shortly after take-off, the Pope took a crossword puzzle out of his carry on bag and began penciling in the answers.   "This is fantastic!" the gentleman mused. "I'm really good at crosswords!"   It crossed his mind that if the Pope got stuck, he’d ask him for assistance.   Almost as if providence struck, the Pope turned to the man and said, "Excuse me, but do you know a four letter word referring to a woman that ends in 'unt'?"  The three Cardinals behind, in front of and beside him shrunk down in their seats, as far as possible, all looking for something on the floor.   The gentleman was in morbid shock.  He couldn’t breathe.   He went within himself, thought deeper, longer for a plausible answer and after almost a minute, the dark clouds of evil parted in his mind and the sun shone in.   Turning to the Pope, the gentleman said with reverence and politeness, "I believe, Your Holiness, that you're looking for the word, 'aunt.'"   "Of course!" the Pope mused, not taking his gaze off the crossword. "You wouldn’t happen to have an eraser, would you?"
So there's a Jewish guy He's on his deathbed. He has been very faithful to his religion for his whole life. He knows he will die soon. So he tells one of his family members that's with him to bring him a priest. They are confused but they bring him a priest. He tells the priest he would like to become Christian. The priest converts him then leaves. After he leaves the all ask the dying man why he would do such a thing when he had always been so faithful to his religion. He answers "Well if someone has to go it might as well be one of them"
Why did they nail Jesus to the cross? That's what they did to common criminals back then.
What do you call a Muslim who always makes mistakes? Errorist.
What do you get if you crossbreed a US president with a Jewish stereotype? Theodore Nosevelt 
Did Jesus pay for our sins using cash or credit? Neither. He used Praypal. 
What song do we sing about the birth of Bodybuilder Jesus Oh Swoley' night
Baby Jesus My town's local nativity had the baby Jesus stolen.  They should have nailed him down.
What do you call a Pope with erectile dysfunction? Pope Bendy-Dick.
The next Pope Rumor has it the next Pope will be Korean - Ho Lee Fuk
Jesus is watching you One day little Johnny was walking up a hill pulling his red wagon behind him saying, "F**k this," "F**k that." The town priest hears this and walks up to Johnny and says,"You shouldn't swear like that, Johnny. God is all around us." "Is he in the sky?" asks Johnny. "Yes," says the priest. "Is he in that bush over there?" asks Johnny. "Yes," says the priest." Is he in my wagon?" asked Johnny. "Yes," says the priest. "Well tell him to get the f**k out and push!!!"
What do Jewish Kamikaze Pilots Yell? PONZ-AAAAIIII!
Why is my bread better than Jesus? Jesus only rose once; my dough rose three times.
What do you call a Jewish knight? Sir Cumsised 
What do you call a Jewish makeshift incendiary bomb? A mazel-tov cocktail.
What do christmas trees and the Pope have in common? The balls are only for decorative purposes
What do you call a jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash. 
What do Jesus Christ and Kanye have in common? They both fucked the world for 72 hours 
The Pope &amp; The Crossword puzzle A man is preparing to board a train when he hears that the Pope is also going to be using that mode of transportation because he apparently wanted to try something different.  "This is exciting," the man thinks. "I've always been a big fan of the Pope. Perhaps I'll be able to see him in person."  (*Imagine his surprise when the Pope sits down in the seat next to him. But the gentleman was too shy to speak to the Pope.*)  Shortly after taking his seat, the Pope began a crossword puzzle.  "This is fantastic," the man thinks. "I'm really good at crosswords. Perhaps, if the Pope gets stuck, he'll ask me for assistance."  Almost immediately, the Pope turns to the gentleman and says, "Excuse me, but do you know a four letter word referring to a woman that ends in 'u-n-t'?"  Only one word leaps to mind. The man feels uncomfortable. "My goodness," he thinks, "I can't tell the Pope that. There must be another word." He thinks for a while, then it hits him and he says, "I think the word you're looking for is 'aunt'."  "Of course," replies the Pope. "Do you have an eraser?"
To determine once and for all whose superior, God sets Satan and Jesus up with a little contest. “You will have 12 hours to do the most mundane human task ever,” God starts, “work on a computer! You will create spreadsheets and documents and the like. I will crown the winner!”  With that, Jesus and Satan furiously begin typing away. God keeps their coffee full and rubs their shoulders to keep them concentrated. The hours fly by.  With five minutes to go, the power suddenly goes out. When it come back on, Satan begins to panic-rage. “What!” He screams, ferociously clicking away. “It’s gone! It’s all gone! All my work has disappeared!” As he looks over, Jesus, who has already restarted his computer, is calmly printing his work and sending his final emails. The buzzer goes off and they stand before God.  “Well,” God begins, “this seems like an easy decision. Seeing as how Jesus has turned in a great body of work and Satan has turned in nothing, the winner is obviously Jesus!” He places a crown on his head. “That’s not fair!” pouts Satan, “He must have cheated!”  God shrugs. “Jesus saves.”
I've been thinking about joining the Hasidic Jewish community down the street, But I'm worried they'll think I'm too basic...
How did Jesus pay for your sins? Praypal 
Why doesn't Jesus like M&amp;Ms? They fall through the holes in his hands.
Why does Jesus avoid the hardware store? PTSD
The government denied tax exemption for my church that believes Jesus spoke with a lisp It was a real slap in the faith
What's the only thing a catholic priest and a Soviet citizen have in common? They both love children
A joke from my Catholic grandmother Years ago my anxious, bashful grandmother told this joke to my mom  A newlywed Catholic couple is on their honeymoon, when one night the husband says to the wife "listen honey, I'm really enjoying our time together and now that we're finally married it would be so nice if you would go down on me" and the wife says "I'm sorry, I just don't know you well enough for that."  A year later, on their first anniversary, they go out and have a lovely date night, so romantic, and at the end the husband says to the wife "we've been married for a year now and we know each other really well, and I would love it if you would go down on me. I respect you, it won't make me think less of you I promise." And the wife says "I'm sorry, I'm just not comfortable with that."  So the husband asks again. And again. At the 5th anniversary, the 10th, 25th, and finally on the 50th he says "we've spent 50 magical years together. You're the greatest blessing God has ever given me, and I think it would be really special if you went down on me just this once" and she says "ok." She starts to go down on him. The phone rings while she's doing it, and the husband picks it up "who is it? Oh ok. It's for you, cocksucker."
What car does Jesus Drive? A Christler
A Jewish Son asked his Dad for his allowance Son: “Dad, can I have my $40 for this week, I’ve done all my chores.” Dad: “$40!? I never agreed to pay you $30, are you nuts!? You want $20 out of me, you stingy stingy boy!? $10...unbelievable!”
Why did Jesus stop playing Hockey? Because he kept getting nailed to the boards
What do Muslims eat during Ramadan? Fast food
A Jewish child asks his dad for $10... Dad: $9?! What on Earth would you want $8 for?! Do you know what $7 could get you in today’s economy?!
What do you call a Muslim bar? The Allahuak Bar
What's the difference between Jesus and a framed picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang the picture. 
A Muslim enters a building Along with 500 passengers and an airplane.  
Jesus and a Hippie (one of the Best ewer) Jesus Christ is walking on the beach, a beautiful sunset is in the making...  He meets a hippie who is rolling a joint and sits himself next to him.  &amp;#x200B;  Jesus: what are you doing?  Hippie: rolling a joint, wanna smoke some?   Jesus: hmmm... i only smoke good weed, you know.  Hippie: yeah man, it's super good stuff!  &amp;#x200B;  ... and they smoke it up!  Minutes later...  &amp;#x200B;  Jesus: my friend do you know who I am?  Hippie: no my friend I don't   Jesus: I am Jesus Christ!  Hippie: I TOLD YOU, it's good stuff!
Why are jews circumsised? Otherwise their genitals weren't koscher. Sorry if this was too cheesy
I was walking to class and a guy in front of me dropped $10. I ran and picked it up and having. Just got out of bible studies I asked myself “What Would Jesus Do?”     So I turned it into wine... well... I bought some wine.
Jesus and Satan are having a competition on who can finish an essay first  Jesus and Satan are having a competition on who can finish an essay first. 1, 2, 3, GO. Jesus starts and takes his time while Satan is typing up a storm. Satan is typing so fast that the power goes out and both computers are shut off. They start back up, and Jesus states that he is done with the essay. Riddled, Satan asks how he wrote that fast.   Jesus turns to him and simply says, "Jesus saves." 
How to muslims respond to good jokes Ha lol
God and Jesus are playing a game on their PlayStations. God and Jesus are playing a game on their PlayStations. Jesus gets a text from Lucifer that he wants to join them online. Jesus asks God if that's okay. God knows that it won't work because Lucifer plays on X-box.  He tells Jesus that Lucifer isn't cross-compatible.
What came before Judas? Prejudas.
What was Jesus's favorite exercise program? Crossfit
For the people who think Jesus is coming back. Come on, guys. He wasn't nailed to a fuckin boomerang.
What's the difference between a catholic priest and a pimple? A pimple waits until puberty to come on your face
Jesus said to his disciples I am divine And you are the branches
Did you hear about the slutty Amish girl? She slept with two Mennonite.
What did the catholic girl say to her boyfriend when she was on her period? Do you want to come upstairs and taste the blood of Christ? 
Which rapper is the most acceptable to Muslims? Halal Cool J
Breaking News: Pope Francis diagnosed with the bird flu they say he got it from one of his cardinals
How do you stop a Baptist from drinking all of your beer at a party? Invite another one.
What dinosaur is also the Muslim god? The Allah-saurus.
1948; "Did you hear,the Jewish people finally got their own country? Is this real?" "Yes,it is real!" My best original joke, taa daaa. !!!
Jesus once said "He who lives by the sword, will die by the sword" He was a carpenter that died by being nailed to a piece of wood, so he might have had a point.
Pope Francis warns the public about the evils of Horoscope readings... Born: December 17, "Your ideas are abstract and don't always make reasonable sense."  What a Sagittarius thing to say...
How do you find a Jewish girl's number? Roll up her sleeve.
What's a Mormon's favorite treat? Ding Dongs
How do you make an Amish woman happy? 3 Mennonite. 
What do you call a cute prophet? Adoracle
Jewish boy goes to his Jewish dad one morning ... "Dad, can I have $40?" Dad looks up from his newspaper and exclaims "$30! What do you need $20 for? Here's $10!"
A man approaches a Catholic priest needing a job He says, "Father, I am poor and desperate for work, is there anything I can do for you to make some money?"  The father thinks for a moment, and replies, "Yes I need someone to ring the bell every hour. The only problem is the rope broke, so you'll need to push it. Just make sure to step back so it won't hit you when it swings the other way."  The man agrees to the job and goes to the top of the tower, 35 stories up. An hour passes and the man pushes the heavy bell with a resounding sound, but forgets to stand back. Sure enough, the bell came back and hit him, knocking him out the window and 35 stories down, where he died on impact.  A crowd gathers around the man, and say, "Father, did you know this man?"  He replied, "I never knew his name, but his face rings a bell."  A few years later the man's brother came to the priest, in the same desperate conditions. He begged for a job, and the priest told him, "I need someone to ring this bell, but since the rope is gone you'll need to push it. Be sure to step back so it doesn't knock you down as it swings."  The brother thought for a moment, and agreed. He went up to the top of the tower, 35 stories up, and prepared to ring the bell. When the time came, he gave the bell a great shove, and tried to step back to avoid his brother's fate. But he lost his balance and couldn't recover in time, and sure enough, the bell knocked him out the window, down 35 stories where he died on the spot.  The people gathered around once again, saying, "Father, do you know this man?"  He replied, "I didn't know him, but he sure is a ringer for his brother."
A widowed Jewish lady A widowed Jewish lady, still in very good shape, was sunbathing on a totally deserted beach   near Tel  Aviv     She looked up and noticed that a man her age, also in good shape, had walked up, placed    his blanket on the sand near hers and began reading a book.     Smiling, she attempted to strike up a conversation with him. "How are you today?"       "Fine, thank you," he responded, and turned back to his book.       "I love the beach. Do you come here often?" she asked.       "First time since my wife passed away 2 years ago," he replied and turned back to his book.       "I'm sorry to hear that. My husband passed away three years ago and it is very lonely," she   countered. ”Do you live around here?" she asked.     "Yes, I live over in Jaffa," he answered, and again he resumed reading.       Trying to find a topic of common interest, she persisted, "Do you like pussy cats?"       With that, the man dropped his book, came over to her blanket, tore off her swimsuit and    gave her the most passionate lovemaking of her life.     When the cloud of sand began to settle, she gasped and asked the man, "How did you    know that was what I wanted?"     The man replied, "How did you know my name was Katz?
What did the muslim guy say to his girlfriend when she was about to eat gorilla meat? "That's haram, bae."
I used to love Jesus. Now he’s the crux of my joke.
What did Jesus drop in his toilet? Holy shit!!!
A Jew meets an anti-Semitic nobleman. This nobleman tells him: "I just returned from a trip to Japan, where there are neither Jews nor swine!"     The Jew responds: "How about we both go there so that it will have one of each?"
What do you call a group of Amish witches? A Dutch coven.
Jesus joke Nailed it.
What does a Jewish pirate say? Ahoy-vay!
Why don't muslims like to eat at McDonalds? Because the burkas are better at Burger King
Little Johnny is in Catholic School The nun teaching the class asks, "Where do you sense Jesus in your life?"  Little Susie, being a good girl says, "I see Jesus when I pray."  Little Timmy says, "I can feel Jesus' presence during Mass."  Little Johnny, with his hand waving eagerly in the air, is finally called on. Johnny says, "Jesus is in my bathroom every morning."  The nun, obviously confused, asks why Johnny thinks this.  Little Johnny answers saying, "Each morning that my Father is late to work, he pounds on the bathroom door saying, 'JESUS CHRIST, ARE YOU STILL IN THERE?"
What do you call someone who is half Jewish? Jew-ish
What's the worst part about being a black jew? You have to sit in the back of the oven
Why Jesus and the 3.5" floppy are the same? They both died to become the icon of saving.
If Jesus is a captain of the people... ...does that make his dad the Godfather?
Why isn't there a jewish Santa Claus? He'd be much too busy going up the chimney rather than down it.  Edit: Made it myself btw
There's an Asian man, Jewish Mann and a black man... A reporter goes up to the Asian man and asks him "what's the greatest invention in the world"? The man says "nitroglycerin". The reporter asks why and he says "because it allowed us to tunnel through mountains and build the transcontinental railroad". So the reporter goes on to the Jewish man and asks "what's the greatest invention in the world"? The man says "the fractional reserve banking system". The reporter asks why and he says "because it allows us to keep our money safe and get other people's money loaned to us so we can do what we like". The reporter thinks these are both very good ideas. He then goes to the black man and asks him "what is the greatest invention in the world"? The black man thinks for a minute and then responds "the thermos bottle!". The reporter asks "the thermos bottle...why"? And the black man responds "well when yous but somethin hot in der, it stays hot all day, but when yous put somethin cold in der, it stays cold all day". The reporter asks "what's so special about that"? And the black man replies "but how do it know"?
One word explains Catholic Trinity. A men
Why did the Jews wander the desert for 40 years? Someone dropped a quarter.
How does a jew calculate his escape path? smokestack x wind speed
Why was Jesus a Jew? Poor Self-Esteem.
What kind of gun did Jesus carry? A nail gun
What do you call an Amish guy with his hand up a horses ass? A Mechanic.
Dora the Explorer has a little Muslim friend... Doda the Exploder 
I was reading about these Hasidic folks from Lakewood, NJ getting arrested for welfare fraud and I thought to myself, "They really give Jews bad names" I mean,  really.  Zalmen? Shimy? Yocheved? 
Whats the difference between a Muslim hippie and a Jewish hippie? One's stoned and one's baked.
There's a Jew, an Irishman, a black woman, and a gay sitting at a bar What a fine example of an integrated community. 
Why was Jesus mad at the community basketball game? Because Peter denied him 3 times.
While Jesus can turn water into wine... ...the scientist can pour root beer into a square cup, resulting in just beer.
What do you call a cool jewish guy? Iceberg
What do you call a mean Jewish engineer? A Rude Goldberg
Jesus once said "He who lives by the sword, will die by the sword" He was a carpenter that died by being nailed to a piece of wood, so he might have had a point.
What do you call a secluded Catholic retreat in the mountains? A molestery. 
Pope in the aeroplane A gentleman is preparing to board a plane, when he hears that the Pope is on the same flight.   “This is exciting,” thinks the gentleman. “Perhaps I'll be able to see him in person.”   Imagine his surprise when the Pope sits down in the seat next to him. Shortly after take-off, the Pope begins a crossword puzzle.   Almost immediately, the Pope turns to the gentleman and says, “Excuse me, but do you know a four letter word referring to a woman that ends in ‘unt?’”   Only one word leaps to mind. “My goodness,” thinks the gentleman, “I can't tell the Pope that. There must be another word.”   The gentleman thinks for quite a while, and then it hits him. Turning to the Pope, the gentleman says, “I think the word you're looking for is ‘aunt.’” “Of course,” says the Pope. “Do you have an eraser?”
Amish Family  A fifteen year old Amish boy and his father were in a mall.They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again.          The boy asked, 'What is this, Father?' The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, 'Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is.'          While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a fat old lady in a wheel chair moved up to the moving walls and pressed a button.          The walls opened, and the lady rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the boy and his father watched the small numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until it reached the last number. and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order.          Finally the walls opened up again and a gorgeous 24-year-old blond stepped out. The father, not taking his eyes off the young woman, said quietly to his son.....          'Go get your Mother.'
What did Jesus say to Albert Einstein when Einstein died? "We could have used a brilliant mind like yours in Heaven.  Too bad you are a Jew."  Einstein replied, "That explains why you're here with me."
A muslim man is riding a camel and his wife is walking A muslim man is riding a camel through the desert and his wife is walking on foot 10 m in front of him.  Another muslim man notices that and says: Don't you know that Holy book of Qur'an says that wife should always walk behind her husband?  The first muslim answers: when the book of Qur'an was written, there yet were no minefields, so keep walking, my beloved Fatimah!
An old Jew is sitting on a park bench reading Louis Farrakhan's newspaper. His friend Harry walks by, stops, and says, "Irv, what are you doing reading that paper? You should be reading The Jewish Journal.'"   Irv says, "'The Jewish Journal' has stories about anti-Semitism, problems in Israel...all kinds trouble for Jewish people. I like to read good news."   Harry says, "What good news could possibly be in that paper?"   Irv says, "Well, Farrakhan's paper says the Jews have all the money, the Jews control the banks, the Jews control the press, the Jews control Hollywood.  See? It's all good news."
An Amish Lady An Amish lady is trotting down the road in her horse and buggy when she is pulled over by a police man. The officer says, "Ma'am, I'm not going to ticket you, but I do have to issue a warning. You have a broken reflector on your buggy."  She replies, "Oh, I'll let my husband know as soon as I get home"  "That's fine," the officer replies. "Another thing, ma'am. I don't like the way that one rein loops across the horse's back and around his testicles. I consider that animal abuse. That's cruelty to animals. Have your husband take care of that right away."  Later that day, the lady is home telling her husband about her encounter with the cop.  "Well, dear, what exactly did he say?"  "He said the reflector is broken."  "I can fix that in two minutes. Anything else?"  "I'm not sure, something about the emergency brake."﻿
Why couldn't Jesus play int he match opposing Jerusalem to Nazareth? Because he was suspended. 
A Jew, a Christian, a Muslim, a Buddhist, an Agnostic and an Atheist all walk into a restaurant... They talk, laugh, drink and become good friends. It's not a joke, it's what happens when you're not a fucking asshole.
Why do Jews have big noses? Because the air is free
What do you call the popes cigarettes? Holy Smokes! 
What’s the difference between acne and a Catholic priest? Acne usually comes on a boy’s face after he turns 12
Why did Jesus die for our sins? 'cos he never took a math class.
What do you call the traditional whiskey bottle shaped headgear for Kentucky born Muslims? A tu-bourbon. 
What does a Hawaiian Muslim who own a buffet say?   Aloha Snackbar
How does Catholic priests and bishops find enlightenment? Through little boys. 
I used to be a pretty heavy catholic but then I started dieting
Why do Jews Have So Much Money? They always keep the tips. 
You know what the most popular game was in jewish communities back in the 1930's and 40's ? Hide n' seek
Why did Jesus quit playing hockey? Because he kept getting nailed to the boards.
A Jewish man owns a craft shop The local tailor, a known racist and anti-Semite, goes into his shop and says "Oi, I want some yellow yarn, deliver it to my shop tomorrow at nine exactly."  The Jewish shop owner is loathe to serve this man, but knowing it's where almost a quarter of his profits come from, he has little choice. "Certainly, how much yarn will you need?"  The tailor looks the Jewish man over with contempt and answers "I reckon enough yarn to stretch from the tip of your big Jewish nose to the tip of your little Jewish penis ten times."  The next day, the Jewish shopkeeper arrives at the tailors and explains the yarn is outside. When the tailor looks out there, however, he sees two entire dump trucks emptying tons of yarn into the street. "How much yarn is that?!" He exclaims.  "Enough yarn to stretch from the tip of my Jewish nose right here, to the tip of my Jewish penis back in Israel, ten times."
What did the disciples do while waiting for Jesus to die? They played crosswords.
I met a Jewish girl and she asked for my number. I told her we use names here.  
"Jesus loves you" ... Wonderful to hear in a church..... ... Terrifying to hear in a Mexican jail.
I heard a Jew was responsible for the sinking of the Titanic Some guy named Iceberg
Did you know that Jesus is the wealthiest divinity? Jesus saves.
I went a Catholic schools and let tell you, nuns are vicious They'll slap you or beat you with a ruler  Anything to defend themselves
What do a hockey player and an Amish woman have in common? They both shower after the third period. 
Why do muslim comedians always get tons of laughs? Cause nobody wants them to bomb the show.
Is Allahu Akbar a good pickup line? From what I hear, it's always getting guys blown.
A Arab kid parents take him to a Jewish school On his first day his teacher asks him his name and he says 'Mohamad'... Oh no said the teacher, you may get tormented in this school with a name like that and possibly get beat up, we will  you David. All day in school and everyone is calling him David, David David.  When he comes home from school his father says Mohamed get me the paper please, with no reaction from their child, he asks him again. This time Mohamed answers his father, I am no longer Mohamed my name is now David. In disbelief his father and mother beat the shit out of him.  Next day he comes to school, two black eyes and bruised up. The teacher asks him what happened?  Ahhh nothing says little Mohamed, on my way home last night I got jumped by two ducking Arabs! 
Did you know that Abraham Lincoln was Jewish? He was shot in the temple 
A Catholic, a Jew and a New Ager were all sent to Hell at the same time... The Devil said to the Catholic, sneeringly, "Well, how're you enjoying the heat?" And the Catholic sniffled, "I'm offering it up." The Devil then asked the Jew, "And how are YOU enjoying the heat?" The Jew said, "So what else could I expect but more hell?" Finally, the Devil approached the New Ager. "Heat?" the New Ager asked, perspiring. "What heat?"
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.   Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.   Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."   Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"   Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."   Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"   Cop: "More important, sir."   Chief: "A major politician?"   Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."   Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"   Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
If the Pope had a scat fetish Does that mean it's literally holy fucking shit?
What do you call a perfect place for Jews? Jewtopia.
Why is Jew good at doing basketball crossovers? would probably say 'don't reach, young blood'.
How do you pick up jewish girls? By respectfully asking them to dinner and treating them to a good time like a gentleman 
A man goes into a jewelry store on his lunch hour to buy his mistress a necklace.... A man goes into a jewelry store on his lunch hour to buy his mistress a necklace. After looking at a few, he decides on a very expensive diamond pendant.  “Is this for your wife?” the clerk asks as she wraps it in the finest paper. The man turns to see his wife entering the store, out on her daily errands, and replies to the clerk, “It is now.”
What do you call the signature drink at a Jewish wedding? A Mazel tov cocktail!
Muslim girls are like a box of chocolates You don't don't know what you're gonna get, until you take the wrapper off.
A Muslim Extremist orders an Uber. His uber driver arrives so he gets in the car to proceed to his destination, the extremist then asks the driver a question.  Extremist: in the time of Muhammad did they have radio?  Driver: no.  Extremist: so why do you have the radio on?  Driver: *turns off radio*  The extremist then asks another question  Extremist: in the time of Muhammad did they have air conditioning?  Driver: no.  Extremist: so why are using it?  Driver: *turns of the air conditioner*  The driver decided to ask the extremist a question.  Driver: in the time of Muhammad did they have uber?  Extremist: obviously not.  Driver: then get the fuck out!
What do you call a muslim flying a plane? A pilot, you islamophobe
A Jewish guy, a catholic guy, and an all believer are all sitting at a bar So on they talk until the Jewish guys starts talking about his sons and he says "well I got four sons and if I had one more I'd have a basketball team"  So on the catholic goes and says "that's nice but I have ten sons, one more and I'd have a baseball team"  So now they both look at this last guy who's just clapping and begins to talk "pretty good but I got 17 wives and one more and I would have a golf course"  (Don't know if this has been posted before) 
Who did make pope go blind by hitting? Popeye
Why does Jesus never get invited to dances? Instead of doing the YMCA he does the TTTT
A Jew a German and a priest walk into a bar... They lost the Limbo contest
What's the difference between a Jew and Santa? The direction they go in the chimney 
An Amish boy and his father An Amish boy and his father were visiting a mall. They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two, shiny silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again. The boy asked, "What is this, Father?" The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, "Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is." While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a fat old lady in a wheelchair rolled up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened and the lady rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the boy and his father watched the small circular numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until it reached the last number and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order. Finally the walls opened up again and a gorgeous, voluptuous 24-year-old blonde woman stepped out. The father, not taking his eyes off the young woman, said quietly to his son, "Go get your mother." 
What is Jesus' favorite gun? A nail gun   I'm going to hell 
What's the pope's favorite power tool? A cathedrill
A Jewish woman travels to the Himalayas in search of a famous guru... She travels by plane, train and rickshaw to reach a Buddhist monastery in Nepal. When she gets there she’s sweating and exhausted but she is committed to find the guru. An old Buddhist monk in a maroon robe opens the door, and the woman promptly requests a meeting with the guru. The monk explains that this is impossible because the guru is in silent retreat, meditating in a cave high on a mountain-top. Not willing to take no for an answer, she insists that she absolutely must see this guru. Finally the monk agrees while insisting on the following rules: The meeting must be brief, she must bow when addressing the guru, and she can say no more than FIVE words to him. The woman agrees and starts to climb up the mountain. After hiring a Sherpa and a yak, she sets off for the grueling trek. With hardly any energy left, she stumbles to the top of the mountain-top. Finally, she arrives at the entrance to the guru's cave. She breathes in deeply and enters. She bows before the guru, looks him in the eyes, and then, keeping with the five word limit, says: “Sheldon, Enough already. Come home!”
Jesus goes into a biker bar Jesus goes into a biker bar and sees 3 men drinking at noon. One with a hunch back, one with a bum knee, and an old redneck.  Jesus walks over to the hunch back, puts his hand on the man's back, which immediately straightens. Hunch back says, thank you jesus. I'm healed!  Jesus walks over to the man with the bum knee, puts his hand on his knee, which immediately bends like it is supposed to. Bum knee guy says, thank you jesus. I'm healed!  Jesus approaches the redneck who jumps off the barstool, fists up, ready to fight, screaming "Motherfucker, don't you touch me...I'm on disability!"
Ever hear the joke Jesus made right before he was crucified? I heard he nailed it.
Jesus walks into a bar No he didn't, because he isn't real.
A catholic priest goes on vacation and asks the janitor to run the confessional booth. J- “ I don’t know how to run the booth though!”  P- “ It is very easy. Just listen to the people’s sins and refer to the chart of sins on the wall. The chart will say how many Hail Marys the sinner must say for it to be forgiven”   The janitor agrees and begins his shift the next day. The first person to walk into the booth is a man.   M- “ forgive me father for I have sinned as I have lied to my wife”  The janitor looks at the chart and finds lying  J- “ just say 2 Hail Marys and your sin will be forgiven”  The next person to walk into the booth is a little boy  LB- “ forgive me father for I have sinned as I stole something from the store”  The janitor looks on the chart for stealing and says “ just say 3 Hail Marys and your sin will be forgiven”  The next person to walk into the booth is a woman  W- “ forgive me father for I have sinned as I cheated on my husband and gave another man a blow job”  The janitor looks on the chart for blow job but he can’t find it. The janitor runs out of the booth in a hurry and sprints into the church. In the church he spots an alter boy.  J- “Timmy! Timmy! What does father Nelson usually give for a blow job! ?”  Timmy- “ usually a bag of chips and a can of pop”
How are chocolate bars and Jews the same? They are both rich
If Jesus was born on Christmas and was resurrected on Easter, what happened on Black Friday? Sales at K-Mart
Why did the Muslim cross the road? To get to the other Sayyid.
What did the Afghan who didn't like Muslims say? Islamabad
What do you call a group of muslims that turn into a giant robot? A mecca
If Jesus make white bread that must mean the devil... Make rye
Why are catholic priests called father? because "daddy" would be too suspicious
What do you call a Jewish person that loves lemons? An Acidic Jew.
I do not approve of Jew jokes on this subreddit. Anne Frankly I won't stand for it.
What life advice did the Jewish cannibal give to his friend? Keep your friends close, but your enemies kosher
What was jesus' least favourite section in the library? Cruci-fiction. 
What is the difference between the pope and... ISP: Please pay a fee of $0.99 to see the rest of this joke.
So Moses and Jesus go golfing Moses and Jesus decided to go golfing, as they do semi regularly (heaven can get boring after ~2000 years) and Moses is always the better one, although Jesus claims to ve pretty good. Jesus ends up hitting a ball into the water, and then quickly looks around to see if anyone is watching. When the coast is clear, he walks over the water and begins to look for his ball. The group behind them catches up, and sees Jesus walking on water. They ask Moses, "who does this guy think he is, Jesus?!" And Moses replies, "No, he THINKS he's Arnold Palmer!"
Chinese Jews An American man walked into a Chinese restaurant. He sat down and the waiter came to the table.  Before the waiter could speak, the man asked,  "Do you have any Chinese Jews?"  The waiter replied, "WHAT?! I will need to speak with the manager about this!" and scurried off. The waiter came back a few minutes later and told the man,  "We are most sorry. We have apple, orange, and mango juice, but no Chinese juice!" 
Why did Jesus cross the road? He was nailed to the chicken. :D
Muslim women are the best fighters. Not only can they attack with their low jabs, they can attack with their hijabs.
A Jewish kid asks his dad for $50 His dad narrows his eyes and says "Forty dollars? What do you need thirty dollars for?"
Why doesn't Jesus trust mankind? He's afraid he'll get double crossed
The Catholic church is considering going all-in on gluten-free wafers At risk is cross-contamination.
What's the difference between Muslim women and white women? White women get stoned **BEFORE** sex.
On a recent trip to New York the Pope saw the most beautiful red car... As the Pope basked in the beauty of the red car, the owner appeared and insisted that he should take it for a test drive.   "No, no!" exclaimed the Pope, "I couldn't possibly!"   The driver wouldn't take no for an answer and jumped in the back of the beautiful red car. And so off they went, leaving the pope-mobile and the bewildered security team behind.   "This is wonderful, the greatest car I've ever driven!" The Pope cried, as they wound through the city, going faster and faster. Eventually excitement got the better of him and he put his foot to the floor, racing over the Brooklyn Bridge, smashing the speed limit. All of a sudden, flashing blue lights popped up in his mirror and a police officer signalled to pull over.   The officer sauntered up the car and began to speak but stopped, gobsmacked when he realised who was driving the car.   "Jesus!" he cried, "Wait right here!" He stumbled back to his squad car and grabbed at the radio, calling back to the precinct.   "Sir!" he said to his boss, "I've just pulled over a VIP for speeding, I don't know what to do!"   "Well who is it? The mayor?"   "No sir, way more important than the mayor!"   "Who then? Brad Pitt?"   "More important sir!"   "Well is it the president?"   "No sir, more important than the president!"   "Well who on God's green earth is more important than the president of the United States?"   "I don't know sir, but this guy's chauffeur is The Pope!"  
A communist, a Muslim and an illegal immigrant walk into a bar The bartender says, " Oh hi, president Obama!"
The Pope vs. The Atheist The Pope and an atheist meet to have a frank and productive discussion about the existence/nonexistence of God.  After some time, without much progress, the discussion becomes very heated.  Finally The Pope says "I give up.  Talking to you about God is like asking you to walk around blindfolded, in a dark room, looking for a black cat that isn't there.  There just isn't anything to talk about anymore."  The atheist says "Well, Your Holiness, I believe we do have some common ground after all."  The Pope glares at him.  "What do you mean, 'common ground'?"  The atheist continues.  "Well, on one hand, I do think you are like the blindfolded man, in a dark room, looking for a black cat that isn't there."  "Except the only difference is: you've found it." 
Why Did Baby Jesus Go to Jerusalem? A catechist asked her class why Joseph and Mary took Jesus with them to Jerusalem.A small child replied, “They couldn’t get a baby-sitter?”
A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while . . . A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while. Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian. The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend. The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the two of them went to see the Rabbi.  They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."  So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray. They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians." There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . "
Did you know Jewish rabbis don't get paid for circumcisions? They just keep the tips.
Jesus walked on "water"? What a LIE It was probably wine
What did the Amish man say to his ex girlfriend? Amish you a lot.
We should really stop joking about Jewish people... I mean, they've been roasted enough.
As the old Catholic saying goes, Condoms: they're what separate the men from the boys
Jesus wasn’t crucified... He was just getting his nails done.
Rick Harrison was recently made the Pope His office was promptly renamed to the *Pawntificate*
Speaking as a Jewish couple, you know what the worst part of the divorce is? Putting that wine glass back together, oy vey.
What's the difference between a jew and a bullet? The bullet moves after leaving the chamber. 
What does Jesus dislike the most? Nail jokes while he's hanging out with his friends...
A Muslim, A Christian, A Jew, An Atheist walk into a bar. They have a civil conversation because they are not fucking idiots.
Jesus is watching you... A man broke into a house one night, his goal was to take something small and valuable.   While he was searching through the stuff he heard a small voice "Jesus is watching you."   He stopped for a moment and said to himself "This must be a voice from my old sunday school."   So he continued searching, about 5 minutes later he heard the voice again "Jesus is watching you."   He turned his flashlight to the direction and he saw a parrot.   He said to the parrot "What is your name?" The parrot replied "Moses"   The robber then said "What kind of silly people would name there parrot Moses?"   The parrot looked up and said **"The same people who named the pitbull jesus!"**
Why are atoms Catholic Because they have mass.
Muslim. Two Muslim women were exchanging photos of their Sons, first one looked up and said, this was Ahmed at 12 he would have been a Hero if he had lived , second woman got a picture out and said this is  Mohamed at 4 Years old, he also would have been a Hero if he had lived, the first woman said, they Blow up so quickly nowadays.
What’s it called when Big Shaq goes to a 2-minute Catholic service? Quick mass
Why does Jesus shop at the discount store? Because Jesus saves
What do you call it when your mom's sister is acting like Jesus? The Auntie-Christ
Why do Jews like going to the gym? For the free weights 
I do genealogy research on the side, and this Catholic lady came to me and wanted me to figure out her family tree. After looking at the information she brought to me, I said "Ma'm, I'm going to have to charge you a little more to do this.  That's not a family tree, it's a forest!"
What did people call it when Mary became pregnant with Jesus? A Holy fuck
Did Jesus die a virgin? Of course he didn't. He got nailed before his death.
Jesus can never take a bath, If he tries to step into the water he will stay on top of it.
People say that the Jews did not handle the whole Jesus situation well. I think they nailed it.
Where do Jewish parents send their ADHD kids during the summer? Concentration camps. 
What's Jesus's least favorite gun? A nail gun  Sorry Christians, please don't get that cross with me
What was Jesus' favorite flavor? Saviory
How can you tell if a man is Jewish or not? Look into his jeans.
What’s the popes favorite pizza? Popperoni
What do you call you Muslim guy who's been everywhere and done everything? Bindair Dundat
What did the Muslim train conductor say? Allah Board!
What do you call a Muslim cow? Muuuuuhammed
Did you hear about the Jewish magician? He pulled a rabbi out of a hat. 
r/jokes Jewish Santa What did Jewish Santa say as he was coming down the chimney? Ho ho ho anyone wanna buy some toys?
Doing an impression of jewish accent can be offensive...  But doing an impression of a jewish accent and then calling it a Palestinian accent can be very offensive. 
A young catholic couple were living together and decided they were going to get married. They go to the church for Pre-Cana. The father asks “are you two currently living together?” To which they reply “Yes”. The Father tells them he will not marry them unless they move out until the wedding.   So they do.   Three weeks go by and only they return for another Pre-Cana class. Upon learning the young couple has moved out the Father inquires “How are you two doing now that you aren’t living together?”    The guys says “we were doing great until two days ago I saw her bent over at the grocery store in a skirt. And I just had to have her. I couldn’t resist. I had to have her right there”.   The Father is shocked and tells them “Get out. You two are not welcome here anymore”.   The man replies “we aren’t allowed at Kroger anymore either”. 
What do you call a person of Jewish decent who plays for the Washington major league team? A Hebrew National 
Where are all the Jews on the Starship Enterprise? on the challah deck
Why was Jesus so fit? He was cross training.
Can you believe I was thrown out of my church for claiming Jesus spoke with a lisp?   It was a real slap in the faith...
An American, a Brit, a Canadian, a Dane, an Ethiopian, a Frenchman, a Greek, a Haitian, an Irishman, a Jew, a Kiwi, a Lithuanian, a Mongolian, a Nigerian, an Omani, a Peruvian, a Qatari, a Roman, a Scotsman, a Uruguayan, a Venezuelan, a Western Saharan, a xenophobe and a Zimbabwean walk into a bar The bartender says "Im sorry, but you can't come in here without a Thai"
Jews aren't good with money and I can prove it! How often do you hear about one bringing home the bacon?
Two Jewish men are standing in the bathroom and peeing in adjacent urinals the one to the right finishes doing his business, turns around, and says to his neighbor, “Tell me, did Mohel Rabinovich do your bris [i.e. circumcision]?”  “Yes,” the other guy responds, “how did you know?!!!”  “Well, Rabinovich is a little cross-eyed and you are peeing on my shoes!”
Finkelstein and Jesus Jesus was wandering around Jerusalem when he decided that he really needed a new robe.    After looking around for a while, he saw a sign for "Finkelstein the Tailor."  So, he went in and made the necessary arrangements to have Finkelstein prepare a new robe for him. A few days later, when the robe was finished, Jesus tried it on -- and it was a perfect fit!   He asked how much he owed.   Finkelstein brushed him off: "No, no, no, for the Son of God there's no charge!   However, may I ask for a small favor. Whenever you give a sermon, perhaps you could just mention that your nice new robe was made by Finkelstein, the Tailor?"   Jesus readily agreed and as promised, extolled the virtues of his Finkelstein robe whenever he spoke to the masses.   A few months later, while Jesus was again walking through Jerusalem he happened to walk past Finkelstein's shop and noted a huge line of people waiting for Finkelstein's robes.   He pushed his way through the crowd to speak to him and as soon as Finkelstein spotted him he said: "Jesus, Jesus, look what you've done for my business!  Would you consider a partnership?"   "Certainly," he replied. "Jesus &amp; Finkelstein it is."   "Oh, no, no," said Finkelstein. "It should be Finkelstein &amp; Jesus...  After all, I am the craftsman."   The two of them debated this for some time.   Their discussion was long and spirited, but ultimately fruitful -- and they finally came up with a mutually acceptable compromise.   A few days later, the new sign went up over Finkelstein's shop: **Lord and Taylor**
What's the deal with Roman Catholics? Why don't they just stay in one place?
(NSFW) What does a catholic priest have in common with a pint of guiness? Black coat, white collar &amp; you need to watch your arse if you get a dodgy one.
Folks who are Jewish are the “Chosen People” But the Muslims are the “randomly selected.”
A Muslim, a Hindu and a Mormon walk into a bar The bartender says, "Ah the people you run into when you lose your liquor licence."
What do you call a frozen jew? An Iceberg.
In 1981 the british prince got married, liverpool won the champions league and the pope died. In 2005 the british prince got married again, liverpool won the champions league and the pope died. In 2018... Prince Harry got married and liverpool was in tje finale again but in favor of the pope Real Madrid won the cup.
A Jewish mother goes on a flight The plane takes off. After a while she stands up and ask loudly: “is there a doctor in this plane?”      A man comes quickly and say: “I’m a doctor, what happened?”                                                                  The woman replies: “would you like to meet my daughter?”
Jesus Christ walks into an Inn, He gives the Innkeeper three nails and says, Can you put me up for the night?
So I just found out the Salvation Army is run by the Protestant church... Talk about your worn again Christians...
Jesus can walk on water Babies are 72% water  I can walk on babies  Ipso facto, I'm 72% Jesus.  Also 100% in jail
How does Jesus get around the busy streets of bethlehem? By using the crosswalk
Jesus and the Pharisees were having a heated debate Pharisees:YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH   Jesus: I AM THE TRUTH
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? With a broom and dustpan
How do you get a Jewish girl’s number? Roll up her sleeve
Today I ran into a group of people that hate Jews who discuss the true meaning of words They were anti-semantics
Why do Jews get circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that's not at least 10% off.  
I'm Amish so I don't use lube _Even_ when I'm fucking my boyfriend in the ass.
Why do Jews have big noses? Because the air is free.
Why did Jesus decide to become celibate? He was tired of his girlfriend's yelling his dad's name.
How can you tell Jesus is Jewish? He's known as "the savior" and not "the spender"
I only drink water the way jesus intended it to be drunk Like wine
Jesus saves... ...but Moses invests
What kind of killer targets Catholic churches? A mass murderer
Got my 23andme results back. 50% Jewish! Well, they said 50, but I got them down to 25.
Jesus was worried about the drug epidemic plaguing the world. In an effort to solve this dilemma, he decided that a few apostles would return to earth and fetch a sample of each drug, so they could understand what these substances did.  Two days after the operation is implemented, the disciples begin to return. Jesus, waiting at the door, lets in each disciple:   "Who is it?"   "It's Mark" Jesus opens the door.   "What did you bring Mark?"   "Marijuana from Colombia"   "Very well son, come in."  Another soft knock is heard. "Who is it?"   "It's Matthew"   Jesus opens the door. "What did you bring Matthew?"   "Cocaine from Bolivia"   "Very well son, come in."  At the next knock Jesus asks, "Who is it?"   "It's John"   Jesus opens the door. "What did you bring John?"   "Crack from New York"   "Very well son, come in."  Someone starts pounding on the door. "Who is it?"   "It's Judas"   Jesus opens the door. "What did you bring Judas?"   "FREEZE! THIS IS THE FBI!"
How did Jesus die? He got board to death.
And Jesus said unto them, "Come forth and you shall receive everlasting life." We all know how John came fith and won a toaster, but Joseph didn't even come and he got a baby!
What did the surprised Muslim say “Holy Shiite”
How many Jewish Grandmas does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, they’d rather sit in the dark and be depressed.   Happy Hanukkah everyone. 
The Taliban and The Jew A fleeing Taliban fighter, desperate for water, was plodding through the Afghan desert when he saw something far off in the distance.  Hoping to find water, he hurried toward the oasis,only to find a little old Jewish man at a small stand, selling ties.  The Taliban asked, "Do you have water?"  The Jewish man replied, "I have no water.  Would you like to buy a tie?  They are only $5."  The Taliban shouted, "Idiot!  I do not need an over-priced tie.  I need water!  I should kill you, but I must find water first!"  "OK," said the old Jewish man, "It does not matter that you do not want to buy a tie and that you hate me.  I will show you that I am bigger than that.  If you continue over that hill to the east for about two miles, you will find a lovely restaurant.  It has all the ice cold water you need. Shalom."  Cursing, the Taliban staggered away over the hill.  Several hours later he staggered back,almost dead and said,  "Your brother won't let me in without a tie!"  &amp;#x200B;  (I know I know, what's a Jew doing in the Afghan desert. Simple, he sees a business opportunity and goes where business is good, just like his brother)
A Jewish businessman in America decided to send his son to Israel.. ...to absorb some of the culture of the homeland. When the son returned, the father asked him to tell him about his trip.  The son said, "Pop, I had a great time in Israel. By the way, I converted to Christianity."  "Oy vey," said the father. "What have I done?"  He decided to go ask his friend Jacob what to do.  Jacob said, "Funny you should ask. I too sent my son to Israel, and he also came back a Christian. Perhaps we should go see the rabbi and ask him what we should do."  So they went to see the Rabbi. The Rabbi said, "Funny you should ask.I too sent my son to Israel. He also came back a Christian. What is happening to our young people? Perhaps we should go talk to God and ask him what to do."  The three of them prayed and explained what had happened to their sons and asked God what to do. Suddenly a voice came loud and clear from Heaven.  The Voice said, "Funny you should ask, I too sent my son to Israel..."
A Jewish man's wife dies. He wants to place an obituary in the local newspaper. The lady taking his order asks him what he'd like the obituary to say. He says just put "Rachel died" The lady explained he can can actually use five words as it's the same price as two. He says please put "Rachel died. Volvo for sale"
A Catholic, a Protestant and a Jew are stuck on a life raft in the middle of the ocean. The Catholic and the Protestant pray for help, while the Jew relaxes in the corner of the raft, clipping his fingernails.  After they pray, the Catholic says to the Jew, "How come you're not praying? Don't you want God to help us?"  The Jew says, "20 years ago I opened up a clothing store. At the end of the year, I gave $1000 to the temple.  "Business was booming. I opened up a second store, and at the end of that year I gave $3000 to the temple.  "Now, I'm nationwide. I have 1200 stores coast to coast, and last year I donated $10 million to the temple.  "So don't worry. He'll find us
Two old Jewish men are on their afternoon walk On their route is a Catholic church. There's a sign out the front that says "Convert to Catholicism - takes 2 hours, get $200".   The first guy says "What the hell. We're retired - I've got nothing better to do, and $200 is $200!"  So in he goes. 2 hours later he comes back out. The second guy says "So, did you get the money?"  The first guy responds "Is that all you people ever talk about?"
A man and his wife go to the jewelry store. A man and his wife go to the jewelry store. They are looking for matching bracelets because they want to. They walk up to the man behind the counter asking about the bracelets.   Man: Do you have any matching bracelets for me and my wife to look at?  Clerk: Oh, yes, we have a wide variety of bracelets in all shapes and sizes.  Man: Well, my wife and I have different sized wrists so that helps out a lot.   Clerk: Do you have anything in mind as to what you are looking for?  Man: Yeah we are looking for bracelets.  Clearly the man had no idea, so the wife takes over.  Wife: I’m sorry about him. He gets very flustered when talking about bracelets. We are looking for bracelets that match.  Clerk: Great. We have a wide variety of bracelets in all shapes and sizes.  Wife: That’s great because my husband and I have different shaped wrists.  Clerk: Is there anything in particular you are looking for?  Wife: Yes, we want 24 karat white gold bracelets lined with yarn.  Clerk: Ma’am, this is a jewelry store, not Walmart.  Everyone in the store laughs.  Wife: What is the closest thing to yarn.  Clerk: We could line the bracelets with rope.  Man: Perfect. A manly material for a manly me.  Wife: Exactly what I was thinking.  The clerk goes into the back to fetch the bracelets. The couple inspect them, and almost all is perfect.  Wife: Almost everything is great except for the shape.  Clerk: Circular or ovular is the standard.  Wife: Yes, but you said you have all shapes and sizes. I have perfectly circular wrists while my husband has perfectly square shaped wrists.  Clerk: That would have been nice to know before hand.  Wife: I don’t appreciate the attitude, mister.  The couple leaves the store.  The clerk looks directly into the camera and it zooms in.  Clerk: It seems everyone’s time here has been wasted.
Why was Jesus so good at twerking? He always turned the other cheek
how do you identify a jew in Hollywood? the director's cut
Everybody talks about building a time machine to go back and kill Hitler to prevent the suffering of millions of Jews... But nobody talks about going back and killing Moses.
How does Mike Wazowski make such good neck jewelry? Because he’s neckless 
If jesus was thicc... They would still have nailed him
At St. Peter's Catholic Church in Toronto , they have weekly husband's marriage seminars. At St. Peter's Catholic Church in Toronto , they have weekly husband's marriage seminars.   At the session last week, the priest asked Giuseppe, who said he was approaching his 50th wedding anniversary, to take a few minutes and share some insight into how he had managed to stay married to the same woman all these years.  Giuseppe replied to the assembled husbands, "Wella, I'va tried to treat her nicea, spenda da money on her, but besta of all is, I tooka her to Italy for the 25th anniversary!"   The priest responded, "Giuseppe, you are an amazing inspiration to all the husbands here! Please tell us what you are planning for your wife for your 50th anniversary?"   Giuseppe proudly replied, " I gonna go pick her up."
A Jewish guy goes into a confession box. "Father O'Malley" he says, "my name is Emil Cohen. I'm seventy eight years old. Believe it or not, I'm currently involved with a 28 year old girl, and also, on the side, her 19 year old sister." "We engage in all manner of pleasure, and in my entire life I've never felt better."  "My good man," says the priest, "I think you've come to the wrong place. Why are you telling me?"  And the guy goes: "I'm telling everybody!"
Why do jewish people love breaking their fast with sweet potatoes? So that they can properly celebrate Yam kippur.
To combat drug addiction, Christians are now rebranding herion as "Jesus" One should never take the Lord's name in vein.
How do you start a fight between two jews? Toss a penny between them
I wouldn't of made a good Catholic. I don't like the feel of it.   
What is a Jew's most difficult dilemma when buying beer? Whether or not to choose Hamm's.
What's the Jewish version of Tinder? Ash.
What kind of beans do non Jews like most? Lentiles.
Jesus favorite sports? Crossfit
Happy Ramadan to all my Muslim brothers and sisters! This month, lunch is on me :)
How do you know Jesus didn't care? He was born without a single fuck.
A priest, a Baptist Preacher and a Jewish Rabbi were at the bar debating over which of their religions was best The priest suggested a competition. He said that the best way to figure out whose religion was best was to see who could convert an atheist to his own religion.   “No that’s too easy,” said the Rabbi.   Suddenly, a bear walked by and the Baptist preacher said, “the true religious man would be able to convert this bear.”  So one at a time, each religious head tried to convert the Bear to their respective religions.   The next night, the Baptist preacher walked into the bar with a missing hand and he said, “Never try to baptize a bear”  The following night, the priest came into the bar and he had 2 broken arms. “Never put a bear in confessional.”  A night later, the Rabbi was wheeled into the bar on a dolly, wearing a body cast.  The other two were shocked when he said, “Never, ever try to circumcise a bear”
I hear jewish personal trainers are the best. They muscle tough.
How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a light bulb? Don't trouble yourself, I'll just sit here in the dark.
Do you think if Jesus clapped hard enough.. The holes in his hands would whistle?
Why do all the women love Jesus? *holds arms out to either side*  because he was hung like this.
How many Catholics does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Nun
There was a man in Tallahassee that owned a talking dog There was a man in Tallahassee that owned a talking dog. One of the richest men in town offered to buy the dog for $1,000,000 if the dog actually talked. The multi-millionaire visited the old man and his dog one day, and the old man began quizzing the dog in order to show him off.  Man: “What do you call this over our heads?”  Dog: “Roof”  Man: “what covers the outside of a tree?”  Dog: “Bark”  Man: “Who was the greatest baseball player of all time?”  Dog: “Roof”  The millionaire knew that the dog couldn’t really talked, so he stormed out of the house.  The dog looked at the old man and said, “What did he want me to say? Ruth?”
Maria, a devout Catholic, got married and had 15 children. After her first husband died, she remarried and had 15 more children. A few weeks after her second husband died, Maria also passed away. At Maria's funeral, the priest looked skyward and said, "At last, they're finally together." Her sister sitting in the front row said, "Excuse me, Father, but do you mean she and her first husband, or she and her second husband?" The priest replied, "I mean her legs." 
What's the most common cause for early retirement with Jews? Burn-out
What do you call a rich Muslim Man? The Profit Muhummad.
Did you know that in malaria ridden areas, muslims are not required to remove shoes when entering their praying buildings? Mosque-y toe control is essential.
What's the difference between Harry Potter and Jews? Harry made it out of the chamber.
Archeologists have reportedly uncovered the chamber pot of Jesus Christ Holy shit, right?
Why do catholic priests love the show “Chernobyl” (HBO) so much? Because there’s naked miners in it
Why were the two gay Jewish Sailors sad? They couldn't dock.
Why is Jesus afraid to play Hockey? He's scared he will get nailed to the boards.
What's the worst part about being a black jew? You have to sit at the back of the oven!
Why does Jesus go to the salon? To get his nails done. 
What do Michael Jackson and a Catholic Priest have in common? They just beat it.
A young Jewish man excitedly tells his mother he's fallen in love and that he is going to get married. He says, "Just for fun, Ma, I'm going to bring over 3 women and you try and guess which one I'm going to marry."  The mother agrees.  The next day, he brings three beautiful women into the house and sits them down on the couch and they chat for a while. He then says, "Okay, Ma, guess which one I'm going to marry."  She immediately replies, "The one on the right."  "That's amazing, Ma. You're right. How did you know?  "I don't like her" replies the mother.
What's the difference between American girls and Muslim girls? American girls get stoned BEFORE sex.
Jesus loves you A comforting thing to hear in church.  A horrific thing to hear in a Mexican prison. 
Did you hear about the time Jesus overdosed on male enhancement drugs? He was hung for three days and then he died.
What's the difference between Santa and the Jews? Santa leaves presents behind before he goes out the chimney
How do Jewish neckbeards greet their ladies? M'chaim!    Bonus round: What hair care products do neckbeards use?   M'oreal.
Four Catholic Men and a Catholic Woman Were Having Coffee in St. Peter's Square.    The first Catholic man tells his friends, "My son is a priest, when he walks into a room, everyone calls him 'Father'".  The second Catholic man chirps, "My son is a Bishop. When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Grace'".  The third Catholic gent says, "My son is a Cardinal. When he enters a room everyone says 'Your Eminence'".  The fourth Catholic man then says, "My son is the Pope. When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Holiness'".   Since the lone Catholic woman was sipping her coffee in silence, the four men give her a subtle, "Well...."?  She proudly replies, "I have a daughter,    slim,    tall,    38D - 24 - 36   When she walks into a room people say,  "Jeeeeeeeeeesssssssuuussss!"
Why there are no Jews in The Orville? Because it is set in the future.
What does the Pope use to dry his hands? Papal towels.
Why did the Romans fire the guy who measured Jesus for crucifixion? He wouldn't shut up about Cross Fit.
What's the difference between Jesus and a painting of jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a painting.
There are two muslim women at the street One lights a joint. What does the other say?  "We're gonna get stoned"
What does Walmart and catholic priest have in common. They both have boys pants half off. 
A priest, a rabbi and the Pope walk into a bar. The bartender says, "is this a joke?"
An audience with the Pope An ordinary guy gets an audience with the Pope. The Pope decides it would be good to hear the opinion of a regular person so he he asks the guy, "My son, do you think we should allow our priests to marry?" The man thinks about it for a while and then replies "I do, Father. Only then will they know the true meaning of suffering."
What is a Muslims favourite fortnite YouTuber? Allah-A   
What’s the difference between a Catholic priest and a chair? You sit on the chair, and the priest sits on you.
I met a Jewish girl and she asked for my number. I told her we use names here.
How do you infiltrate a Jewish gang? I don’t know, but they will *not see* that coming! 
Why are most Jewish men circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that's not 20% off.
A Jewish father was very troubled by the way his son turned out A Jewish father was very troubled by the way his son turned out and went to see his rabbi about it.  “Rabbi, I brought him up in the faith, gave him a very expensive Bar Mitzvah and it cost me a fortune to educate him.  Then he tells me last week, he’s decided to be a Christian.  Rabbi, where did I go wrong?”  The rabbi strokes his beard and says, “Funny you should come to me. I too, brought up my son as a boy of faith, sent him to university and it cost me a fortune and then one day he comes to me and tells me he wants to be a Christian.”  “What did you do?” asked the man of the rabbi.  “I turned to God for the answer,” replied the rabbi.  “What did he say?” asked the man.  He said, “Funny you should come to me...”
What did Jesus say when he rose from the dead on Easter Sunday? April Fools! I'm not really dead!
How many Jesus's does it take to change a light bulb? None. He is the light. 
So I was raised Catholic... Anyone else touched by older men ? 
I spent a lot of my time in catholic school in the principal's office Every interaction with that guy left a bad taste in my mouth.
What’s The Difference Between A Pianist And A Pope. The Pianist Doesn’t Get Arrested For Fingering A Minor 
Father Pat, a Catholic Priest in a small Irish town call everyone together. He starts the service very bluntly  Pat: "Alright you all know why you're here. We need to talk about all these stories about... ghosts."  Pat: "So how many of you hear have heard the stories about ghosts?" - Everyone raised there hand.  Pat: "Alright, now how many of you believe in ghost?" - About 3/4ths of the crowd raises their hands.  Pat: "Ah its worse than I suspected.. alright put your hands down."  Pat: "Now how many of you believe you have seen a ghost..?" - Half the crowd raises their hand  Pat: "Mary Mother of Christ.. you actually believe you've seen one?!"  Pat: "Put your hands down.. How many of you believe a ghost has physically touched you?!" - about 6 people raise their hands  Pat: " You believe a ghost, a real ghost, not the holy ghost, has touched you? Jesus our Lord and Savior help us"  Pat: "Im Sorry to ask this, but I have to out of curiosity... Have any of you had.. sexual relations with a ghost."  One man stands up, catching himself as he does. Its the town drunk, Finn O'Leary.  Pat: "God have mercy on us all!! FINN!! You believe you've had sexual relations with a ghost!!!!??"  Finn: "... Ghost..? \*Hic\* I thought you said Goat!"
What's the difference between a Catholic and a Baptist? A Catholic will make eye contact with you at the liquor store.
What’s it called when a devout Catholic wants to have sex before marriage? The Poophole Loophole
If they put Jesus on a fidget spinner... Would he have died for our spins?
What happens if the Pope proclaims that God is dead? The cardinals proclaim the same of the Pope.
As a Muslim, I really appreciate the Courts upholding religious freedom Seriously, Praise Be A Law
A Jewish Black kid walks up to his dad and asks if he is more Black than Jewish. "Why son?" The dad asks. "Because there is a kid at school selling his bike for $50 and I was wondering if I should talk him down to $30 or just steal it."    
A man was in line to meet the Pope. He was wearing his best suit. The Pope came towards him. But, he stopped and whispered something in the ear of the man right next to him. This man was a bum dressed in a dirty shirt, ripped pants, and he smelled bad. “Of course,” thought the man.”He wouldn’t stop to meet me.The Pope only talks to the needy and misfortune.” So, he payed the bum right next to him 50 bucks to switch clothes with him.  After he switched, he ran right up to the Pope. The Pope as expected went right up to him and whispered in his ear,” I thought I told you to get the hell out of here.”
What do you call a half Jew? Jew-ish
Why did Jesus walk on water? He couldn't swim.
I have a lightbulb with a little Jesus inside. It's my screwcifix.
An American Jew Visits a Synagogue in China NSFW He’s welcomed in to the Friday night service with open arms. He’s given a much coveted seat on the pulpit as an honored guest to the congregation. After the service, he was chauffeured around to anyone and everyone in the congregation who could speak English so he would feel a part of the group and not be excluded. After a beautiful evening, he bid his hosts a good evening, and thanked them for their hospitality. He felt a true closeness with his Jewish brothers and sisters from China.   After walking him to the door, and bidding their guest a good evening and safe travels, the Rabbi turns to the Kantor and says, “Funny, he no rookee Jewish.”
Oh my God, Jesus just took a dump. Holy crap!
And so sick Jesus did lay his hands upon the physicians head and the assistant did say to Jesus The Doctor will see you now.
What did the Pope and the English teacher have in common? They both know a lot about sintax.
What type of car would Jesus drive? A Christler.
A Jewish man's wife dies. He purchases a single line of space from a local newspaper to post an obituary for his wife.   The editor asks him about what to write and the man replies: "Susan Goldberg died. R.I.P."   After typing the words, the editor says: "Hey, we can fit a few more words into this line."  The Jew asks: "For the same price?"  The editor confirms that no extra payment is needed.  Upon hearing this, the Jew says: "Susan Goldberg died. R.I.P. Car for sale."
What dating app do Catholic priests use? Sindr
Why did the Muslim become a suicide bomber? To get laid.
What is Jesus‘s favorite sport La cross
A police officer pulls over 2 Catholic priests. Says he’s looking for two child molesters.  The Catholic priests, looking at each other, say "We’ll do it!"
Who is more paranoid: the black or jew The Jewish black
How do Muslims order their food? They Halal it out.
Why don't jews eat pussy? Because it's too close to the gas chamber
Imagine a football statium full of jews. What's missing? 5 tons of foreskin
Why is Jesus so bad at sex? We're still waiting for the second coming
Jesus walks into a hotel... He hands the attendant 3 nails and says "Can you put me up for the night?"
I'm starting to think this country really is run by Jews But it's still only my first week in Israel.  
What time is bed time at the Catholic church? When the big hand touches the little hand!
A Jihadist walked into an Allahu Akbar and ordered a Takbir.
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash.
What’s Jesus’s favorite band? Nine Inch Nails
I have a feeling my wife would have liked Jesus. Rose from the dead and first thing he did was to fold his bedclothes.  
After Jesus was executed, the Romans placed coins over his eyes... Today we refer to them as J.C. Pennies 
What's the similarity between Santa and Jews? They both leave the room through the chimney. 
What’s the difference between Jesus and a painting of Jesus? You need only 1 nail to hang the painting
A Jewish boy goes up to his dad and asks for 50 dollars His dad replies 45 dollars!? What the hell do you need 30 dollars for!?
Why don't Orthodox Jews drink lemonade? Its a little too Hasidic for them.
If I make clay figure of some famous jew Can I put it in the oven?
Jewish boy needs some cash A Jewish boy asks his father for fifty dollars, to which his father replies "forty dollars, what do you need thirty dollars for?".
Whats the worst part about being a black jew? You have to sit in the back of the oven.
Catholic priests are like Intel CPUs. They have little Andy in.
What did Allah say after he created the world? Wow, that blew up fast.
Why did the Jews in Germany not establish an organization against the Holocaust? There was too little interest. 
Why do Jewish men get circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's 20% off 
According to Jewish theology, at what point does a fetus become a person? When they finish med school.
Saint Joseph said “Jesus, close the door behind you. Were you born in a barn?” “Whatever! You’re not my real dad!”
What did the uncertain, Amish philosopher say? I think, therefore I am-ish...
How can you tell if your neighbor is jewish? He's too cheap to buy christmas lights!
Amazon has Muslim version of Alexa Al Exa
What is it that all men have, it's longer in some men than others, the Pope doesn't use his and a man gives it to his wife after marriage? Surname.
Did you hear Jesus is opening a microbrewery? His first beer is a dried grape pale ale. It’s called The Raisin For The Saison. 
Jesus at the pearly gates St. Peter was guarding the Pearly Gates, waiting for new souls coming to heaven. He saw Jesus walking by and caught his attention. "Jesus, could you mind the gate while I go do an errand?"  "Sure," replied Jesus. "What do I have to do?"  "Just find out about the people who arrive. Ask about their background, their family, and their lives. Then decide if they deserve entry into Heaven."  "Sounds easy enough. OK."  So Jesus manned the gates for St. Peter. The first person to approach the gates was a wrinkled old man. Jesus summoned him to sit down and sat across from him. Jesus peered at the old man and asked, "What did you do for a living?"  The old man replied, "I was a carpenter."  Jesus remembered his own earthly existence and leaned forward. "Did you have any family?" he asked.  "Yes, I had a son, but I lost him."  Jesus leaned forward some more. "You lost your son? Can you tell me about him?"  "Well, he had holes in his hands and feet."  Jesus leaned forward even more and whispered, "Father?"  The old man leaned forward and whispered, "Pinocchio?"
A jewish man once went to a rabbi When he entered the synagogue he said "Rabbi, I have a feeling that I want to live forever! how can I do that?"  The Rabbi looked at the man and told him "well, first you have to get married"  The man looked at the Rabbi in confusion and asked "will that really make me live forever?"  The Rabbi looked at the man, smiling slyly and answered "no, but the feeling will pass"
As a Muslim man I try as hard as possible not to argue with people in my community Because I dont negotiate with terrorists 
I figured out why so many Muslims are called Muhammad. So they don't have to have their picture in the yearbook.
Baby Jesus walks into Chick-fil-a... “I want some chicken,” He says. “And what type of chicken do you want?” the cashier asks. “Tenders.  And mild.”
Why did the Pope have Cold feet? Because he had holy socks.
Why is a Jew's nostrils big? Because the air is free
[Religion] Why do Jewish men have circumcision? Because the women will take anything that's 20% off.
A Jew asks a Pole: "Who do you think likes nature more, Russians or Germans?" A Pole replies: "Not sure, but they are both really fond of camping."
Jesus, Moses, and an old man go golfing  The first one to tee off is Moses. He smashes the ball and it is heading right for the water hazard before the green. Moses raises his club, the water parts, and the ball makes it to the green. Jesus gets up to swing, cranks it out, and it is headed for the water hazard. Jesus closes his eyes and prays. The ball skips across the water and lands on the green two feet from the hole. The old man's turn comes and he drives the ball. The ball looks like it is going to drop directly into the water. A fish jumps from the water hazard swallowing the ball, as an eagle drops from the sky, grabbing the fish. As the eagle flies over the green, a bolt of lightning strikes the eagle, making it drop the fish. As the fish hits the green, it spits out the ball and the ball falls into the hole, making a hole in one. Jesus looks at Moses and says, "I really think I'm leaving Dad at home next time!"
What did the Mexican Jew say to the guy who asked "do you believe in God"? Yah-wey.
Who was the best Jewish cook ever? Adolf Hitler.
A mexican, a jew and a black walk into a bar and the bartender says: get the fuck out.
Jesus, Moses and an old man go golfing The first one to tee off is Moses. He smashes the ball and it is heading right for the water hazard before the green. Moses raises his club, the water parts, and the ball makes it to the green. Jesus gets up to swing, cranks it out, but it's headed for the water hazard. Jesus closes his eyes and prays. The ball skips across the water and lands on the green two feet from the hole. The old man's turn comes and he drives the ball. The ball looks like it is going to drop directly into the water. A fish jumps from the water hazard swallowing the ball, as an eagle drops from the sky, grabbing the fish. As the eagle flies over the green, a bolt of lightning strikes the eagle, making it drop the fish. As the fish hits the green, it spits out the ball and the ball falls into the hole, making a hole in one. Jesus looks at Moses and says, "I really think I'm going to leave Dad at home next time".
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the picture up.
Jesus loves all children. I guess that's where the priests get it from.
My friend told me his life completely changed after witnessing the second coming of Jesus. He is never going to watch Mexican porn again.
A Catholic Priest, a Baptist Preacher and a Rabbi were sitting around drinking coffee...    &gt;**Someone made the comment that preaching to people isn't really all that hard, a real challenge would be to preach to a bear. One thing led to another, and they decided that each would find a bear and attempt to convert it to their religion.**    &gt;   &gt;**Seven days later, they all came together to discuss their experiences.**    &gt;   &gt;**Father Flannery, who had his arm in a sling and had various bandages on his body and limbs, went first.** **Well, he said, 'I went into the woods to find me a bear. And when I found him, I began to read to him from the Catechism. Well, that bear came after me and began to slap me around. So I quickly grabbed my holy water, sprinkled him and, Holy Mary Mother of God, he became as gentle as a lamb.'**    &gt;   &gt;**Reverend Billy Bob the Baptist spoke next. He was in a wheelchair and had an IV drip. 'I went out and found me a bear. And then I began to read to my bear from the Bible! But that bear came after me. We wrestled down one hill, until we came to a creek.  So I quickly dunked him and baptized his hairy soul. And just like you said, he became as gentle as a lamb'.**    &gt;   &gt;**The Priest and the Reverend both looked down at the Rabbi, who was lying in a hospital bed. He was in a body cast and traction with IV's and monitors running in and out of him.**    &gt;   &gt;**The Rabbi looked up and said: "Looking back on it - circumcision may not have been the best way to start.”**
A catholic priest died and asked Jesus what he thought about all the sin in the world. NSFW He responded by saying that before you can take the speck of dust out of someone else’s eye you should first take your cock out of your altar boys mouth. 
What did the New Zealander say to the Jew? Hebrew.
What is a Jewish conspiracy theorists biggest fear? The Illumi-nazis.  ��Thought of this while driving yesterday...so it’s original as far as I know
National Jewish book day. Today is national Jewish book day.  Interestingly, that's what Mike Pence calls the first half of the Bible. 
Why did the Romans nailing Jesus to a cross lead to Christianity being the world's most believed religeon? They made him hole-y
What does a Muslim Viking say at the movie theater? Valhalla Snackbar!
A catholic priest walks into a bar everyone was over 18  so he went home
Why do people think Jesus is coming back? He wasn't nailed to a fucking boomerang, ffs.
Jesus Christ has been reincarnated, but managed to get in prison. (NSFW) At least now he is able to avoid nails being stuck in him.
A Jewish man and a Vietnamese man waiting in the doctor's office. A Vietnamese man and a Jewish man are waiting in the Doctor’s office for an appointment and as the time goes on they become more and more irritated until finally the Jewish man says, “I hate you Vietnamese people!”.  Shocked, the Vietnamese man says, “What in the world would compel you to say something like that? Why do you hate Vietnamese people?”  To which the Jewish man replies, “Because you bombed Pearl Harbor!”  The Vietnamese man goes, “You idiot! That wasn’t the Vietnamese, that was the Japanese!”  To which the Jewish man shrugs and says, “Vietnamese, Japanese, what’s the difference?”  Stunned, the Vietnamese man says, “Yeah, well I hate all you Jewish people!”  To which the Jewish man replies in great indignation, “That’s anti-Semitic! Why would you hate all Jewish people?”  And the Vietnamese man says, “Because you sank the Titanic!”  “You idiot,” bawls the Jewish man, “That was an iceberg!”  To which the Vietnamese man replies,  “Iceberg, Goldberg, what’s the difference?”    
How does Jesus make Tea? HEBREWS IT ! 
Jesus cries everytime you jerk off. Oh so that's were the ocean came from!
Why did the Muslim only order a side of french fries? Because he prefers his food Allah carte.
A Brit, Frenchman and NY City Jew get captured by a tribe of Cannibals. The cannibals tell them that they have good news and great news. First, the good news is that they will die. Once dead, their bones will be ground up to make medicine to cure their people. Next, their skin will be stretched across their canoes. So that they can paddle straight down the rivers to fight in wars. Now, the great news is that they get to choose their form of death. The Brit chooses the hangman's noose. So, the tribe builds a gallows in a clearing and march him to the top. Just before being hung, he yells out "God save the Queen". Next is the Frenchman. He chooses the guillotine. After building it, he gets ready to place his neck under blade and screams Vive' La France. Finally, the NY Jew says he would like to die by dinner fork. They look confused but they find a fork and march him to the open field. When they hand him the fork, he proceeds to start stabbing himself in his chest, arms, thighs and buttocks. So disturbing the scene, the tribe stops him and asks what he is doing. As he starts stabbing himself again, he screams out. "I got your Fucking Canoe, right here".
What do you call a group of friends who happen to be Muslims? Allahu Akbros.
Why did Jesus quit the hockey team? He was tired of being nailed against the boards.
Why is Jesus's lawn always cut? Because his neighbor mows his.
Two Jews are walking past a church.  The signboard reads "Convert to Christianity today and earn $100!" The first Jew says, "What a load of crap. Proselytizing schmucks!" The second Jew says, "I don't know, one hundred dollars is one hundred dollars." "You can't be serious," says the first guy. "Watch me," says the second guy and he goes into the church. About half an hour later he comes back out. "Well?" says his friend. "Did they give you the one hundred dollars?" The second guy says, "Oh, it's always about the money with you people!"
Why did Jesus return from the dead? Because in his past life he only got nailed once
ELI5: Why have Jews won 25% of all Nobel prizes when they're 0.4% of the population?  Nobel Prize For Economics.
I hate when people refer to someone as a Muslim Are they a Musarm or Musleg? Be specific.
3 young boys walk into a room full of Catholic Priests.... They tell the boys to leave because it was a private meeting
Jesus Christ got bored one day and decided to play golf... Jesus Christ got bored one day and decided to play golf. So, he called Apostle Paul and they got to a golf field.   After some time playing, it's Jesus' turn and he gets a difficult shot. He swings and the ball flies off into the sea. Jesus being Jesus, he walks up to the ball, picks it up and gets back.  "This is a very difficult shot! You can't do it! Not even Tiger Woods can!" remarks Paul.  Jesus swings again and the ball flies off into the sea again. He goes and picks it up again.  "Jesus, let's skip this. It's too hard!" says Paul.  "No, I am God I can do whatever I want!" he swings again and the ball flies off into the sea again. Off he goes to get it.  Suddenly, a group of american tourists passes by and they stop their bus in awe: who the hell is walking on water?  So, they get out and ask Apostle Paul "Who the hell is that guy walking on the water? Who does he think he is, Jesus Christ?" they ask.  "No, even worse, he thinks he's Tiger Woods."
People called Jesus must get tired of having such a famous name. It's the cross they have to bear. 
[Religion] What is the difference between Jews and Santa? Santa goes down the chimney, Jews go up.
Do you know why gays always turn left in muslim countries? Bcoz they have no right.
What is a catholic priests favorite activity? Preying
Two Jews are walking past a church Two Jews are walking past a church. The signboard reads "Convert to Christianity today and earn $100!"  The first Jew says, "What a load of crap. Proselytizing schmucks!"  The second Jew says, "I don't know, one hundred dollars is one hundred dollars."  "You can't be serious," says the first guy.  "Watch me," says the second guy and he goes into the church. About half an hour later he comes back out.  "Well?" says his friend. "Did they give you the one hundred dollars?"  The second guy says, "Oh, it's always about the money with you people!"
(NSFW) How much does a Jewish circumciser make in a day? Nothing. He feeds his family off of tips.
What’s the difference between The Pope and Madeleine McCann? The Pope died a virgin
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a Holocaust Jew? Santa Claus is jolly, fat, and goes DOWN the chimney.
Why did jesus quit playing hockey? Because he kept getting nailed to the boards
How did the wisemen buy Jesus' presents? Incense 
Narcotic Jesus Jesus is sitting down one day and is visioning the high rate of drug consumption on earth in later years. He thought it was a bit hypocritical of him to condemn them without first trying them himself, so he sent his apostles out to find what drugs they could.  &amp;#x200B;  The secret operation is effected and two days later the commissioned Jesus, waiting at the door, hears a knock:   "Who is it?"   &amp;#x200B;  "It's Paul"   &amp;#x200B;  Jesus opens the door.   &amp;#x200B;  "What did you bring Paul?"   &amp;#x200B;  "Hashish from Morocco"   &amp;#x200B;  another knock ...   &amp;#x200B;  "Who is it?"   &amp;#x200B;  "It's Mark"   &amp;#x200B;  Jesus opens the door.   &amp;#x200B;  "What did you bring Mark?"   &amp;#x200B;  "Marijuana from Colombia"   &amp;#x200B;  another knock ...   &amp;#x200B;  "Who is it?"   &amp;#x200B;  "It's Matthew"   &amp;#x200B;  Jesus opens the door.   &amp;#x200B;  "What did you bring Matthew ?"   &amp;#x200B;  "Cocaine from Bolivia"  &amp;#x200B;  This continues for a while until finally there's a 12th knock on the door  &amp;#x200B;  "Who is it?"   &amp;#x200B;  "It's Judas"   &amp;#x200B;  Jesus opens the door.   &amp;#x200B;  "What did you bring Judas?"   &amp;#x200B;  "FBI MOTHERFUCKERS!"
Why do we say Merry Christmas? We should say “Happy 2018th Birthday Jesus!”
If Jesus died for our sin, Who died for our cos and tan? 
What do the baby Jesus and a chicken goujon have in common? They're both tender and mild.
If jesus died for our sins, we don't want him to die for nothing. Let's sin it up people. 
A gentleman is preparing to board a plane, when he hears that the Pope is on the same flight. “This is exciting,” thinks the gentleman. “Perhaps I'll be able to see him in person.”  Imagine his surprise when the Pope sits down in the seat next to him.  Shortly after take-off, the Pope begins a crossword puzzle. Almost immediately, the Pope turns to the gentleman and says, “Excuse me, but do you know a four letter word referring to a woman that ends in*‘unt*?”  Only one word leaps to his mind. “My goodness,” thinks the gentleman, “I can't tell the Pope that. There must be another word.” The gentleman thinks for quite a while, and then it hits him.  Turning to the Pope, the gentleman says, “I think the word you're looking for is *aunt*."  “Of course,” says the Pope. “Do you have an eraser?”
If God is Jesus' father, then who is the god's father? Marlon Brando
If Jesus died for our sin.. Then who died for our cos and tan?
What do naked muslims say when they need to work? I need a hijob.
What’s the difference between orange juice and a Jew? (This is a racist joke)   None, they are both concentrated 
A Jew goes to the showers at Auschwitz and starts to masturbate furiously with a bar of soap. Another Jew enters the room and asks "What the hell are you doing?"  "I'm fucking your mother."  Edit: Ok, for those who didn't like this joke, I provide an alternative ending: Pammy wakes up in her bed and says "Hey Bobby, did you miss me?"
A Catholic teenager goes to confession, and after confessing to an affair with a girl is told by the priest that he can't be forgiven unless he reveals who the girl is. "I promised not to tell!" he says. "Was it Mary Patricia, the butcher's daughter?" the priest asks. "No, and I said I won't tell." "Was it Mary Elizabeth, the printer's daughter?" "No, and I still won't tell!" "Was it Mary Francis, the baker's daughter?" "No," says the boy. "Well, son," says the priest, "I have no choice but to excommunicate you for six months."  Outside, the boy's friends ask what happened. "Well," he says, "I got six months, but three good leads."
Jesus told John come fourth and have eternal life.... He got fifth and won a toaster.
How do you greet a Japanese Muslim? konnichiwallah
Johnny was playing fortnite with his Jewish friend... Johnny asks his Jewish friend how many skins he has, his friend says 6!  Johnny says “not bad, I only have fore..”
The Pope is early for his flight The pope is early for his flight and asks his driver if, on the way to the airport, he can drive around for a while because they have some time to kill and he hasn’t driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well...I’m not actually sure. But the pope's his driver."
A small coastal Australian church gets word the Pope is coming for a visit. The church committee quickly gets together to discuss arrangements and the topic quickly turns to what food they will serve the Pope.   One of the nuns suggests a serve of fish would be appropriate. The committee agrees and one of the priests is nominated to source a fresh fish.   The priest heads down to the local wharf where a group of men are fishing. As he approaches, he sees one of the men struggling with his fishing rod. Suddenly, a huge fish is landed by the fisherman who lifts it up proudly and yells “HAVE A LOOK AT THIS FUCKER!!”  The fisherman suddenly notices the priest and is immediately embarrassed. The priest says to him “What a magnificent fish! What did you say it was called? A fucker?”   “Erm, yes, ah, that’s right Father. It’s um, called a fucker fish.”    “Splendid” says the priest. The priest goes on the explain to the fisherman how the Pope is coming, and the fisherman is only too glad to  donate his catch to the priest.   The priest returns to the church and presents the fish to the nuns in preparation for dinner. “Oh what a beautiful fish” says one of the nuns. “I have it on good authority that it’s called a fucker fish!” said the priest. “ I shall prepare it for the Pope’s dinner at once” said the nun.   The Pope arrived and completed his usual obligations before finally sitting down for dinner. The fish was served and was a resounding success.   “Who do I have to thank for such a wonderful meal?” Said the Pope.   “I got that fucker for you, your holiness” said the priest.   “And I cooked up that fucker for you, your holiness” said the nun.   The Pope stared at them saying nothing. He then leans back in his chair, pulls out a smoke and lights it up.   The Pope nods approvingly and says “You know what? You cunts are alright”.
Jesus and Satan were having an ongoing argument about who was better on a computer... They had been going at it for days, and God was tired of hearing all of the bickering. Finally God said, “Cool it. I am going to set up a test that will run two hours and I will judge who does the better job.”  So down Satan and Jesus sat at the keyboards and typed away. They moused. They did spreadsheets. They wrote reports. They sent faxes. They sent e-mail. They sent out e-mail with attachments. They downloaded. They did some genealogy reports. They made cards. They did every known job. But ten minutes before their time was up, lightning suddenly flashed across the sky, thunder rolled, the rain poured and, of course, the electricity went off. Satan stared at his blank screen and screamed every curse word known in the underworld. Jesus just sighed.  The electricity finally flickered back on, and each of them restarted their computers. Satan started searching frantically, screaming “It’s gone! It’s all gone! I lost everything when the power went out!”  Meanwhile, Jesus quietly started printing out all of his files from the past two hours. Satan observed this and became irate. “Wait! He cheated, how did he do it?” God shrugged and said,  “Jesus saves.”  
How did the catholic priest play the piano? In A minor.
What do you say when Japanese jesus preaches? R'amen. 
Whats Jesus' favorite band? Nine Inch Nails
Why can't Jesus eat M&amp;Ms? Because he died long before they were invented.
What did the Jewish boy say to the other Jewish boy? Hebrew
Why didn't the jew go the the funeral? He didn't want to pay respect.
Why do a Jew, an Italian, and a redneck go to stripclubs? The Jew goes to pick up the rent.  The Italian goes to pick up his protection money.  The redneck goes to pick up his daughter. 
I was going to say Jewish communities must be rough... Then I remembered they got rid of their hoods years ago.
A Christian, a Muslim and a Jew are watching the Super Bowl. Sitting directly behind one of the field goals, they've had the best seats in the house to a terrific contest.  &amp;#x200B;  With only one second left on the clock, a kicker runs up to potentially seal victory.  &amp;#x200B;  He kicks the ball hard and true, and it sails right between the posts, and makes its way towards the three friends.  &amp;#x200B;  The Christian starts praying, "Dear God, if you make me catch this ball, I can sell it on eBay and donate all the money to my local church."  &amp;#x200B;  The Muslim starts praying, "Dear Allah, if you make this ball land in my hands I can sell it and donate the money to local charities, showing that Islam is a friendly religion."  &amp;#x200B;  The Jew looks at his two friends and asks, "Hey guys, where the fuck did we park the car?"
“Jesus loves you” is a great thing to hear in church... It’s a terrible thing to hear in a Mexican prison.
What is the difference between a jeweller and a jailor? One sells watches and the other watches cells.
It’s Nazi Cannibals’ fault Jews were hunted to near extinction. They were tastelessly instructed to ‘ate what their parents ate;
How does a Jewish person fight? They use jewjitsu
Why was the pope angry with a bird? He had committed a cardinal sin.
What do you call a grown man that hate jews Adult Hitler
How do you spell Jesus name? One thing's for sure, you don't Adonai
How do you know E.T. was a Protestant? Well, because he looked like one 
Whats the difference between a Catholic Priest and acne? Acne doesn’t come on a boys face until after he's thirteen.
What’s the only difference between an Italian mom and a Jewish mom? Jesus.
Why didn’t any Muslims watch Footloose ? Because they can’t consume anything with Bacon in it. 
Why did the dyslexic Jew always walk around holding a jar of marijuana roots in front of himself? He read that he was supposed to follow kushroot. 
Four Catholic Men and a Catholic Woman Were Having Coffee in St. Peter's Square. Four Catholic Men and a Catholic Woman Were Having Coffee in St. Peter's Square.  The first Catholic man tells his friends, "My son is a priest, when he walks into a room, everyone calls him 'Father'".   The second Catholic man chirps, "My son is a Bishop. When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Grace'".   The third Catholic gent says, "My son is a Cardinal. When he enters a room everyone says 'Your Eminence'".   The fourth Catholic man then says, "My son is the Pope. When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Holiness'".   Since the lone Catholic woman was sipping her coffee in silence, the four men give her a subtle, "Well...."?   She proudly replies, "I have a daughter, slim, tall, 38D - 24 - 36   When she walks into a room people say,   "Jeeeeeeeeeesssssssuuussss!"
Jewish Joke: I met a Jewish girl and she asked for my number    I told her we use names here....
My conservative family keeps telling me, “Try to be more like Jesus!” So I converted to Judaism.
A Catholic High School had a legendary American football team Every year, the team was in the state championship game, and usually won it handily. Every able lad within a few hundred miles wanted to play football for Central Catholic Fighting Knights.  Those who were familiar with the program, knew that the true heart and soul of the Knights football program was Sister Mary Margaret, an aged nun who would, in full habit, get out on the practice field and work on routes with the receivers, give pointers to the quarterbacks on their stances and releases, but most of all, love them like the second mother that she became to all of the boys in that program.  One year, on the eve of the state championship game, some evil malefactors broke into the convent and kidnapped Sister Mary Margaret. Everyone was stunned by the news, but none more so than the Knights of Central Catholic. They were devastated at the loss of their mentor.  As you might guess, the state championship game didn't go very well. For the first time in the history of the football program, the Knights were shut out. The Spartans beat them 42-0.  The next day, the headline on the local sports section read:  No Offense, Nun Taken
I went on a date with a Jewish girl from tinder We went to a nice restaurant had a bottle of wine with great food.  We had a really good time at dinner so she came back to my apartment.  We watched TV for around an hour.  She said it was time for her to go.  She started to walk out of the door before turning back and asking for my number. I turned to her and said we have names here. She would return any of my calls after that.
You should always take TWO baptists fishing with you. If you only take ONE he will drink all of your beer.
What do you call an Amish man with his hand up a horses ass? A mechanic
Why did the French people at the feeding of the 5000 sympathise with Jesus? Because they shared his pain.
Did she move the painting of Jesus? Brother: Did your mother in law move the painting of    Jesus??  Me: I guess she did but that’s weird.  Brother: Why??  Me: I had him nailed up there pretty good! 
Hollywood is making The Feeding of the 5000 based on Jesus' miracle. In France it's going to be called The Poisson of the Christ.
3 good arguments that Jesus was black [long] There were 3 good arguments that Jesus was Black:  1. He called everyone brother  2. He liked Gospel  3. He didn't get a fair trial   But then there were 3 equally good arguments that Jesus was Jewish:  1. He went into His Father's business  2. He lived at home until he was 33  3. He was sure his Mother was a virgin and his Mother was sure He was God   But then there were 3 equally good arguments that Jesus was Italian:  1. He talked with His hands  2. He had wine with His meals  3. He used olive oil   But then there were 3 equally good arguments that Jesus was a Californian:  1. He never cut His hair  2. He walked around barefoot all the time  3. He started a new religion   But then there were 3 equally good arguments that Jesus was an American Indian:  1. He was at peace with nature  2. He ate a lot of fish  3. He talked about the Great Spirit   But then there were 3 equally good arguments that Jesus was Irish:  1. He never got married.  2. He was always telling stories.  3. He loved green pastures.   But the most compelling evidence of all - three proofs that Jesus was a woman:  1. He fed a crowd at a moment's notice when there was virtually no food.  2. He kept trying to get a message across to a bunch of men who just didn't get it.  3. And even when He was dead, He had to get up because there was still work to do. 
Why do kids get excited for Santa and not Jesus on his birthday? Santa brings ipads, Jesus brings armageddon. Seems simple.
How does a jewish man make coffee? Hebrews it.
What disease is extremely contagious among Catholic leadership? Porkin'sons.
If Jews are so smart... ...does that mean they burn brighter?
How do you fit 100 Jews in a car? You build a very large car.
I dont know why catholic schools dont like ripped jeans... They are the holy-est pants I have ever seen!
Where is Jesus if he keeps going East? Easter
How do you get a Jewish girls number? You roll up her sleeve
What is a Jewish dilemma? Free ham
What's Jesus's favorite exercise program? CrossFit
According to the Southern Baptist Convention... couples are forbidden to have sex while standing up. They're afraid it might lead to dancing.
The Pope decides he's getting old and wants to know who will succeed him.... He wants to make sure the church is in good hands, so he tells his secretary to send in his 3 best cardinals, one at a time. The first one arrives and the Pope asks him:  "Tell me, what does Easter mean to you?"  C:  Umm, that's the holiday where kids dress up in costumes and yell trick or treat.  Pope kicks his ass out and tells him to get his shit together.  2nd cardinal comes in and he asks the same question.  C:  Uhh, that's when everyone decorates a tree and sings Easter carols?  Pope kicks his ass out and excommunicates him.  He's getting worried now.  These are my three best cardinals?  3rd one comes in so he says "Now listen VERY CAREFULLY.  What does EASTER mean to you?"  The 3rd cardinal is nervous, he can see the Pope is pissed so he takes a deep breath and thinks before he speaks.  C:  That's the holiday where people hide eggs and kids look for them. P:  Uh huh, go on... C:  And, uh, there is usually a big fuzzy rabbit with a basket of eggs. P:  Yes, yes, what else?  The cardinal is encouraged at this point so he steps up his game.  C:  That's also the day our Lord Jesus rose from the tomb.  The Pope's eyes light up and he nods and smiles.  The Cardinal sees this and gets excited.  C:  That's right, he rose from the tomb and rolled back the rock!  And if he sees his shadow, he runs back in and we get six more weeks of winter!
The Pope is visiting the U.S. As expected, he gets a private chaffeur and a limousine. He has always wanted to drive one, but is never allowed to. He decides to ask the driver.   The driver thinks about it for a minute, bad decides he can't say no to the Pope. And besides what could go wrong?    The Pope gets in the driver's seat, and th driver gets in the back. The driver tells the Pope where to drive, and he starts driving.   He drives like a maniac, and gets on the highway and not long after they're pulled over by the cops.   The cop talks to someone on his walkie and the person at the other end is curious on why a limousine is speeding and who it is he's pulled over. The cop responds:   "I don't know who he is, but he's gotta be pretty damn important having the Pope as a driver!"
Can you believe I was thrown out of my church for claiming Jesus spoke with a lisp?    It was a real slap in the faith.
What does the pope eat for breakfast? What does the pope eat for breakfast? Pancakes with papal syrup.
Why do Muslims respect Quora users? 'cause they're Quorans.
While the pope was visiting the USA, While the pope was visiting the USA, he told the driver of his limo that he has the sudden urge to drive. The driver was a good Catholic man, and would not ever dream of questioning the pope's authority. So the pope sat at the wheel, while his driver got in the back. They were traveling down the road doing between 70 and 80 mph, when a policeman happened to see them. As he pulled them over, he called in to headquarters reporting a speeding limo, with a VIP inside it.  The chief asked: "Who is in the limo, the mayor?" The policeman told him: "No, someone more important than the mayor."  Then the chief asked "Is it the governor?" The policeman answered: "No, someone more important than the governor."  The chief finally asked: "Is it the President?" The policeman answered: "No, someone even more important than the President."  This made the chief very angry and he bellowed: "Now who is more important than the President?!" The policeman calmly whispered: "I'll put it to you this way chief. I don't know who is this guy, but he has the pope as his chauffeur." 
What kind of car does the pope drive? A Christ-ler.
A modern, Orthodox, Jewish couple, preparing for a religious wedding, meets with their rabbi for counseling. A modern, Orthodox, Jewish couple, preparing for a religious wedding, meets with their rabbi for counseling.  The rabbi asks if they have any last questions before they leave.  The man asks, "*Rabbi, we realize it's tradition for men to dance with men, and women to dance with women at the reception. But, we'd like your permission to dance together*."  "*Absolutely not,*" says the rabbi. "*It's immodest.Men and women always dance separately.*"  ''*So after the ceremony I can't even dance with my own wife?*"  "*No,*" answered the rabbi. "*It's forbidden.*"  "*Well, okay,*" says the man, "*what about sex? Can we finally have sex?*"  "*Of course!*" replies the rabbi. "*Sex is a mitzvah (good thing) within marriage, to have children!*"  "*What about different positions?*" asks the man.  "*No problem,*" says the rabbi. "*It's a mitzvah!*"  "*Woman on top?*" the man asks.  "*Sure,*" says the rabbi. "*Go for it! It's a mitzvah!*"  "*Doggy style?*"  "*Sure! Another mitzvah!*"  "*On the kitchen table?*"  "*Yes, yes! A mitzvah!*"  "*Can we do it on rubber sheets with a bottle of hot oil, a couple of vibrators, a leather harness, a bucket of honey and a porno video?*"  "*You may indeed. It's all a mitzvah!*"  "*Can we do it standing up?*"  "*No.*" says the rabbi.  "*Why not?*" asks the man.  "*It could lead to dancing!*" 
Why do Catholics tend to have so many children? Because even the virgins sometimes get pregnant.
What have jesus amd samantha geimer got in common? They both got nailed by a Roman.
Two Jews walk into a bar One turns to the other and says,   "I hear there's a 'free Palestine,'   should we take one?" 
A jewish boy's life is a lot like a game of basketball They both begin with a tip-off
Why isn’t Matzah popular outside the Jewish community? Because it’s never been on the rise.
One day Jesus, Moses, and an old man were playing golf They were playing a hole with a particularly difficult water hazard. Moses teed off first and hit his ball right in the water. He went to the water and with a motion of his hands parted the waters and chipped the ball up on the green.  Jesus went next and his ball ended up in the water also but he calmly walked on the water to the ball and also knocked his ball up on the green.  The old man strolled up to the tee and took his shot and the ball was headed right toward the same water hazard. Right before the ball hit the water a fish jumped out of the water caught the ball in it's mouth just as an eagle swooped down and caught the fish. The eagle flew over the green and dropped the fish next to the hole then the ball popped out of the fish's mouth and went right into the hole.  Jesus and Moses were noticeably irritated and Jesus turned to the old man and said seriously, "Quit fucking around Dad so we can play golf." 
What did the Roman that put Jesus on the cross say Nailed it
Jesus is Watching A thief breaks into a house and starts to steal some things when he hears a soft voice.  "Jesus is watching you."  He hesitates, but moves farther into the house and keeps stealing.  Louder this time he hears, "Jesus is watching you."  The thief moves into the living room, looking for the voice, and finds a room decked out in Christian pictures, sayings, and sculptures.  In one corner, in front of a massive Jesus on the cross sits a parrot who says, "Jesus is watching you."  The thief laughs and says, "And I suppose your name is Jesus?"  The parrot replies, "No.  My name is Moses.  Jesus is the Rottweiler standing right behind you."  (As told by my 84 year old grandmother before she passed.  Probably a 75 year old joke now, but haven't seen it on here yet.)
Four idiots were in the finals stages of becoming full members of the local skin-head biker gang. Their last assignment was to terrorize some Jews at a bar mitzvah later that afternoon. They failed their final assignment because the rabbi saw them when they first arrived. He had the four skins immediately removed before they caused any trouble.
Part 1. "Jesus wants to be in you." A comfort saying in church... Part 2. "Ever since Jesus come into my life... Part 3. "Jesus touched me in a personal way.. Part 1. A reason for concern in a Mexico Penitentiary.   Part 2. ... my lawn has been well maintained."  Part 3. ..then Juan tried to touch me. It was creepy. I'll never go to that Tijuana bar again."  
How did the Jewish baker defeat the robber?   He used his Jew dough
I wasn't surprised when I heard Jesus died. He wasn't the only Arab who died in the name of their God.
Philip the jewish kid hated fishing. No one could ever gePhilta fish.  &amp;#x200B;  Edit: spelling
If Jesus had a car... Would he drive a Christ-ler?
OC: Why wouldn't Jesus Christ have been born if Google Chrome existed 2000 years ago? Because there would've been no more RAM in the Task Manger.
A Sunday school teacher is concerned that his students might be a little confused about Jesus, so he asks his class, "Where is Jesus today?" Steven raises his hand and says, "He's in Heaven."  Mary answers, "He's in my heart."  Little Johnny waves his hand furiously and blurts out, "He's in our bathroom!"  The surprised teacher asks Little Johnny how he knows this.  "Well," Little Johnny says, "every morning, my father gets up, bangs on the bathroom door and yells 'Jesus Christ, are you still in there?!'" 
If Jesus was alive today what would he be famous for??? His age. 
What do you call your muslim girlfriend? Harambe.
Jesus is watching you. A burglar broke into a house one night. He shined his flashlight around, looking for valuables, and when he picked up a CD player to place in his pack, a strange, disembodied voice echoed from the dark saying, "Jesus is watching you."  He nearly jumped out of his skin, clicked his flashlight out, and froze. When he heard nothing more after a bit, he shook his head, promised himself a vacation after the next big score, then clicked the light on and began searching for more valuables. Just as he pulled the stereo out so he could disconnect the wires, clear as a bell he heard,  "Jesus is watching you." Freaked out, he shone his light around frantically, looking for the source of the voice. Finally, in the corner of the room, his flashlight beam came to rest on a parrot. "Did you say that?", he hissed at the parrot.  "Yep," the parrot confessed, then squawked, "I'm just trying to warn you."  The burglar relaxed. "Warn me, huh? Who in the world are you?"  "Moses," replied the bird.  "Moses?" the burglar laughed. "What kind of people would name a bird Moses?"  "The kind of people that would name a Rottweiller Jesus."
What kind of dog would a Muslim never own? A sausage dog
Why is Jesus rich? Because Jesus saves.
How do you ask jewish prostitute what her going rate is? How much does the Holocaust? 
How do you get two catholic priests to fight to the death? You throw a little boy in between them.
Jesus loves you A good thing to hear in a church, a truly terrifying thing to hear in a Mexican prison
Anti-vaxxers claim that praying and Jesus is all they need to heal the body. If that's the case... The children will die like Jesus. Death by rusty nails.
My Muslim friend knows the Qur'an back to front... Which is great, because that's how you read it.   (Thanks Jimmy Carr)
The Pope, the Priest, and the Nun. die in a car accident while traveling to St. Petersburg Cathedral. The got up to heaven and awaiting for them at heaven's gates was St. Peter.  St. Peter  - "Now I have to ask each one of you a question., If you answer correctly, you will pass threw the gates."  St. Peter turns to the Nun and asked... "Who was the first humans on earth?"  Nun answers - "Adam and Eve."  St Peter - " Correct you may pass."  Next was the Priest...  St Peter - "Where did Adam and Eve lived?"  Priest - " The Garden of Eden."  St Peter - " Yep, you may pass."  The Pope steps foward....  St Peter - "Now since you're the highest of the clerigies this question has to be a difficult and challenging for you."  "What was the frist word that Eve said to Adam?"  The Pope stood there, start to scratch his head and replied...  The Pope - " Oh bloody hell that's a hard one..."  St Peter - "Correct you may proceed."
What do you get if you cross a Jew? Christianity
Jeremy Corbyn has stated he would NEVER bar an MP just because they're a Jew. And later added, But maybe if they're only Jew ISH. 
Why was Popeye the Sailor man always a little orange colored. Not from the spinach he ate. He said it himself. I yam what I yam.
Which gun is Jesus’ least favorite? The Nailgun
What's the difference between Jesus and Moses? Jesus saves, but Moses invests!
What is a Jewish man’s first discount? 10% off his penis
Always wanted a blowjob from a Muslim I heard they are good at blowing people up
What's the difference between Catholic priests and Olympic silver medalists? They both came in a little behind. 
Jews and blacks Why are black jews so sad? They have to sit in the back of the oven (I got this form encyclopedias dramatica)
A priest, jesus and Shaggy sitting in a drowning boat... Jesus goes to his knees and prays. Stands up and walks over the Water to the coast.  Shaggy stands up and walks over the Water to the coast.  The priest prays on his knees stands up and tries to walk over the Water, but drowns.  On the coast jesus asks shaggy : "shouldn't we told him where the stones were"  "Like, which stones" shaggy answers...
There are 12 Jews in a room. Thats what I call a bakers dozen.
A Muslim suicide bomber walks into a crowd of infidels and blows himself up. He is immediately transported to Paradise, where he finds himself surrounded by seventy-two of the ugliest women anyone has ever laid eyes upon.  The suicide bomber is crestfallen.  "C'mon, think it through," Allah pats him sympathetically on the shoulder.  "Why do you think they're still virgins?"
The Muslim kid who went to a Christian school. There was this Muslim family who went to a regular public school. Their child wasn’t doing well in school. They thought he needed more attention, so they put him in a private Christian school. When he went there, his grades skyrocketed, and as soon as he got home he would run up to his room and study. When his parents asked why all of a sudden he was so interested in school he answered “When I saw the man nailed onto the plus sign I knew the teachers weren’t messing around!”
A muslim girl said to me “I got so stoned last night...” I asked, “Why was your dad so mad?”
I saw the face of Jesus in my bowl of sugar! I took a picture but it's very grainy.
Two Jewish men Sid and Al, were sitting in a Chinese restaurant in New York. Sid asked Al, 'Are there any Jewish people of our faith born and raised in China?’   Al replied, 'I don't know, let's just ask our waiter.'  When the waiter came by, Al asked him, 'Are there any Chinese Jews?'  The waiter said, 'I won't be knowing, but I will ask the chef. After he returned from the kitchen a few minutes later and said, 'No sir, no Chinese Jews.'   Al wasn't really satisfied with that and asked, 'Are you absolutely sure?'  The waiter, realizing he was dealing with 'foreigners' gave the expected answer, 'I check again,' and went back into the kitchen.   While the waiter was away in the kitchen, Sid said, 'I find it hard to believe that there are no Jews in China. Our people are scattered everywhere.'  The waiter returned and said, 'The Chef and the Captain my boss and they all say there is no Chinese Jews.'   'Are you certain?' Al asked once again, 'I just can't believe there are no Chinese Jews!'     Listen, I asked EVERYONE,' replied the frustrated waiter. 'All we have is Mango Jews, Pineapple Jews, Orange Jews, Coconut Jews &amp; Tomato Jews!     No Chinese Jews OK!!!!!???!!!
Had a Jewish girl approach me and ask for my number... I told her **we use names** around here﻿
What's the difference between an American teenage girl and a Muslim teenage girl? The American teenage girl gets stoned *before* sex!
What gun would Jesus use in the army? A nail gun
In the bible, Jesus says "for I do not speak of my own accord." I guess he drove a honda but just didn't like to talk about it I always thought he drove a christler
Whats the difference between Crystal Pepsi and Jesus Crystal Pepsi came back
What disease is running rampant in the Catholic Church? Porkin' sons.
Whats the difference between acne and a catholic priest ? Acne waits till you are a teenager to come on your face
A Jewish man was leaving a convenience store with his espresso when he noticed a most unusual Italian funeral procession approaching the nearby cemetery A black hearse was followed by a second black hearse about 50 feet behind the first one. Behind the second hearse was a solitary Italian man walking a dog on a leash. Behind him, a short distance back, were about 200 men walking in single file.  The Jewish man couldn't stand the curiosity. He respectfully approached the Italian man walking the dog and said: "I am so sorry for your loss, and this may be a bad time to disturb you, but I've never seen an Italian funeral like this. Whose funeral, is it?"  "My wife's."  ''What happened to her?"  "She yelled at me and my dog attacked and killed her."  He inquired further, "But who is in the second hearse?" “My mother-in-law. She came to help my wife and the dog turned on her and killed her also."  It was a very poignant and touching moment of Jewish and Italian brotherhood. Silence passed between the two men.  The Jewish man then asked "Can I borrow the dog?"  The Italian man replied, "Get in line."
How did the catholic priest help the crazy man get out of the cave? He had some miners help him bust a nut
What kind of car does Jesus drive? A Christler. Oh no. Wait.. He drove a Honda. But he didn't like talking about it.  John 12:49 :  For I did not speak of my own Accord.
What do you call a gay Jew? A Heblew 
in india, muslim guy used to get divorce just bay saying the word 'talaq' 3 times. i found a joke based on it. Wife: What I really hate about this house is the lack...  Husband: the lack....  Wife: the lack!  Husband: the lack?  Wife: yeah the lack of...  Husband: the lack o-  Wife: aye Dobby has no master. Dobby is a free elf  Husband: Damnnnnnn Fatima. 
How does a muslim buy a punching bag? Gets married 
What did jesus use to pay for our sins? Praypal.
Jesus once said, "He who lives by the sword, will die by the sword."   He was a carpenter that died by being nailed to a piece of wood, so he might have had a point…
How many men does it take to satisfy an Amish woman? Two Mennonite 
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to put the picture up.
A Muslim, a Christian, and an Atheist all walk into a bar... What a diverse neighborhood.
What do you call someone who is only half Jew? Jew-ish.
Whats the difference between a jew and a scout A scout comes back from camp
Jesus and Moses are at a lake in heaven They both want to see if their powers still work    so moses splits the lake, walks right through, and says "alright jesus, now you try it"   So jesus tries to walk atop the waters but sinks right through, and swims to the other side.   "What happened?" Moses asks, "Did you lose balance or something?"   "Well last time I didn't have holes in my feet"
What is a jews favourite movie? Gone with the wind
A Muslim , a Jew and a Christian stood on the sides of Vatican entrance... An Arab dressing as a Muslim man stood at the Vatican gate with a few Quran books and leaflets about Islam to sell. There was a flag with Islamic words behind him.  Just next to him, stood an Arab dressing as a Jewish with few books of Torah to be sold. There was a flag with Hebrew words behind him.   No one was buying from them.   In the mean time an Arab dressing as a christian priest stood on the other side of the gate selling Bibles , to which almost all the passers were gathered buying Bibles to vanquish the other two Arabs.  After a while , an Arab tourist passed by the two Muslim and Jewish Arab guys and asked them : (( why are you selling your books here ? Are you stupid ? No body will buy from you ! of course they will buy from the Christian Arab !! This is the Vatican gate ! ))  The two men looked at each other and bursted in a big laugh..!! Then the Jewish guy called the priests saying:  (( Mark !! Did you hear that ? He is telling us how to do our business ...))  Mark laughed and said:  (( will be splitting the gain in about half an hour , by the way great idea Mizrahi..))
A Jewish boy is doing poorly in math Young Jewish boy is doing poorly in math. His parents are very concerned because they're both good at mathematics and they feel like he needs to learn math in order to be successful in college. They do everything they can to try to interest him. They hire tutors, they promise him rewards, they praise him when he does something good in math but nothing seems to work: he keeps coming back home after each report card period with an F in mathematics.  The parents are at their wit's end and don't know what else to do so they finally decide to consult the rabbi. The parents go to the rabbi and say "oh wise Rabbi our son is doing poorly in mathematics. We know he has the ability but he's just not applying himself what do we do?" Rabbi strokes his chin, is silent for a while and then he turns to the parents and says "I'm going to give you a solution but I have to warn you it's going to be very unorthodox". The parey look puzzled and so the rabbi continues. He says "if you want your son to excel in mathematics, enroll him a Catholic school. If you do that you'll get better at math I guarantee."  The parents are both surprised at the rabbi's advice but they trust him and think he's a wise man so they enroll their son in a Catholic school. The very first day after the son is in Catholic school he comes home and go straight to his room and does his mathematics homework all evening. The next night the same thing happens and so on and so on and he comes home at the end of the report card period eith an A in mathematics. The parents are beaming and delighted that the rabbi's advice worked. Finally the mother asks the son "what is it that made you improve so much in mathematics? Was it the discipline at the Catholic School? The uniforms? Better teachers?" And the son said 'No. The very first day I came in I saw that guy hanging on the plus sign I knew they meant business"
What’s Jesus’s favorite Netflix show? Nailed it!
A Lot of People Say Jews Don't Really Exist... The truth, though, is that they Israel.
What’s the main job of a Jewish barista? He brew
Pope is asked to change the prayer from 'Give us this day our daily bread' to 'Give us this day our daily coffee'." The marketing Director of Nescafe manages to meet with the Pope at the Vatican.  After receiving the papal blessing, the Nescafe official whispers: 'Your Eminence, I have some business to discuss. We at Nescafe have an offer for you. Nescafe is prepared to donate $100 million to the church if you change the Lord's Prayer from 'Give us this day our daily bread' to 'Give us this day our daily coffee'."  The Pope looks outraged &amp; thunders: "That is impossible. The Prayer is the word of the Lord. It must not be changed."  "Well," says the Nescafe man somewhat chastened, "We anticipated your reluctance.  For this reason, and the importance of the Lord's prayer to all Catholics, we will increase our offer to $300 million. All we require is that you change the Lord's Prayer from 'Give us this day our daily bread' to 'Give us this day our daily coffee'."  Again, even more sternly, the Pope replies, "That, my son, is impossible. For the prayer is the word of the Lord and it must not be changed."  Finally, the Nescafe Director says, "Your Holiness, we at Nescafe respect your adherence to the faith, we realise that tradition is essential to your beliefs, we fully understand the importance of the word of the Lord but we do have one final offer.  Please discuss it with your cardinals. We will donate $500 million to the great Catholic church if you could only change the Lord's Prayer from 'Give us this day our daily bread' to 'Give us this day our daily coffee'.  Please, please consider it. And he leaves.  The next day the Pope convenes the College of Cardinals.  "There is some Good news," he announces, "and some bad news !!"  'The good news is, he continues to a hushed assembly', ' that the Church will get $ 500 million."  "And what is the bad news, your Holiness?" asks a Cardinal.  "Sadly" says the Pope, We would have to lose the Britannia Account."
Jesus take the wheel Blessed is the Holy Steer-it
Four Catholic men and a Catholic woman were having coffee in St. Peters Square. The first Catholic man tells his friends, "My son is a priest, when he walks into a room, everyone calls him 'Father'."   The second Catholic man chirps, "My son is a Bishop. When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Grace'."   The third Catholic gent says, "My son is a Cardinal. When he enters a room everyone bows their head and says 'Your Eminence'."   The fourth Catholic man says very proudly, "My son is the Pope. When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Holiness'." Since the lone Catholic woman was sipping her coffee in silence, the four men give her a subtle, "Well ...?"   She proudly replies, "I have a daughter, slim, tall, 38" DD bust, 24" waist and 34" hips. When she walks into a room, everybody says, "Oh My God."
A Muslim man came to the USA many years ago. He found love, got married and had a son.   The son eventually graduated University, found a wife, got married and moved away for job reasons.   Unfortunately, one day the old man's wife passes away, leaving him alone in his house with a huge garden.  After a lot of grief, the man has the idea of bringing the garden to new life. However, not being young anymore, it seems like an impossible task for him alone.  He writes to his son: "My dear son, after your mother's death, I am finally ready to move on. I'd like to bring our old garden to new life. Unfortunately, the task seems to be too much for an old man like me. I know you're busy with work and family, but maybe you could help me with digging over the old patches. This would help a lot. Love, your father."   Some time later he receives a short message from his son: "Father. Please keep away from the patches. It's where I hid the 'Thing'. Your son."  The next morning, combined forces of FBI, NSA and HS invade the property and the neighborhood. They start questioning everyone and search the man's garden inch after inch, soil layer after soil layer. In the evening, they still haven't found anything and finally give up.   The man receives another message from his son: "Dear Father, I'm glad that you want to move on after Mom's death. Work and family prevent me from visiting you right now, but after the recent visit of the authorities your garden should be dug over and ready for renewal. That's the best I could do at the moment. Love, your son."
Jesus was with his disciples walking through Jerusalem when they came upon a crowd that was going to stone a woman to death for adultery. He jumped in front of the woman and said, “Let the one without sin cast the first stone.” Suddenly, from out of the crowd, a rock flew toward the woman's head. It struck her square in the temple, killing her instantly.  Jesus, pissed off, said, “Mom! Not cool! I was trying to make a point!”
A pope, a Nazi, and a child molester walk into a bar... And that was just the first guy
Why do Jews get circumcised? Because Jewish women won’t touch anything unless it’s 10% off.
What did the catholic beaver say about his leaking work of art? God dam it.
A very Jewish wedding... A modern, Orthodox, Jewish couple, preparing for a religious wedding, meets with their rabbi for counseling.  The rabbi asks if they have any last questions before they leave.  The man asks, "Rabbi, we realize it's tradition for men to dance with men, and women to dance with women at the reception. But, we'd like your permission to dance together."  "Absolutely not," says the rabbi. "It's immodest. Men and women always dance separately."  ''So after the ceremony I can't even dance with my own wife?"  "No," answered the rabbi. "It's forbidden."  "Well, okay," says the man, "what about sex? Can we finally have sex?"  "Of course!" replies the rabbi. "Sex is a mitzvah (good thing) within marriage, to have children!"  "What about different positions?" asks the man.  "No problem," says the rabbi. "It's a mitzvah!"  "Woman on top?" the man asks.  "Sure," says the rabbi. "Go for it! It's a mitzvah!"  "Doggy style?"  "Sure! Another mitzvah!"  "On the kitchen table?"  "Yes, yes! A mitzvah!"  "Can we do it on rubber sheets with a bottle of hot oil, a couple of vibrators, a leather harness, a bucket of honey and a porno video?"  "You may indeed. It's all a mitzvah!"  "Can we do it standing up?"  "No." says the rabbi.  "Why not?" asks the man.  "It could lead to dancing!"
Jesus once said "He who lives by the sword shall die by the sword" Makes sense  He was a carpenter who died from being nailed to a piece of wood
I don't like the jokes about Muslims in this sub. Most of them are poorly executed.
A Jewish couple go to a Chinese restaurant. The man says to the woman, "I wonder if there are Oriental Jews?" So he decides to ask the waiter. The waiter tells him to wait, and he'll go ask the chef. When he returns, he tells the man,"Chef say no Oriental jews, only olange jews and glapfloot jews."
A Muslim walks into a bar and orders a bacon sandwich and a beer.  "Isn't that forbidden in your religion?" the bartender asks.  "Yes, but my sins will be forgiven in... 9 minutes.. and 30 seconds."
Where did the jews go when they bunked work? The bunker 
Why was Jesus's death part of God's equasion?     Cos it was integral for the cancellation of our Sin!  Pls don't beat me up! I'm already pushed beyond my limits and I can't affort l'hospital's bill if I fracture my cusp.
Here's a very Jewish joke I thought of while in Shabbat service A Rabbi goes to one of the regulars and exclaims  "MOSHE! You bring your cellphone and your wallet to Shul in Shabbat? How could you even think of doing that in Shabbat?"  To which Moshe responds "Well, Rabbi, I'm sorry, but where else was I supposed to put my driver's license??"
Why wasn't Jesus Christ born in America? They couldn't find three wise men and a virgin
I read my part aloud in the church sermon about the crucifixion of Jesus. I was really proud of myself for not making any mistakes. In hindsight, yelling out "NAILED IT" probably wasn't the best way to celebrate.
A rich Mexican buisnessman by the name of Jesus bought an apartment at the top floor of Burj Khalifa He decided to invite his father to view his apartment and have a nice time together.He sent a plane ticket for his father in Mexico, and ordered his personal assistant to wait for him outside the airport.  When the father arrived, the assistant approached him to carry his luggage. The father asked him "who are you?", the assistant replied "I am Carlos, your son's personal assistant. I will drive you to your son's apartment"  The pair drove to Burj Khalifa, and then got into the elevator, as the elevator went up through the tower, Carlos noticed the father felt uneasy, he thought nothing of it and decided it was because of the air pressure.  After 1 minute however the father became clearly terrified. Carlos asked him "Are you ok sir?"  The father replied "Young man please tell me again, which fucking  Jesus are we going to meet?"
How was Jesus at being a martyr? Nailed to a t.
Why are Catholics so anti abortion? So they have a good supply of young children in their foster homes for the priests.
Why can't you cremate the Pope? Because he's alive.
A Catholic man is driving around Long Island. Suddenly, a very old man with a long, grey beard appears in the middle of the road. The Catholic stops and gets out of the car.  “I am the Lord thy God” the old man man says. “I have come down from Heaven because you have lived a good Catholic life, and I would like to reward you by giving you anything you wish.”  The Catholic, taken aback, gets down on his knees and clasps his hands. “Lord,” he says, “I wish for a bridge to be built between New York and Ireland, so I can visit my dear cousins and go to the pub whenever I please.”  The Lord thinks for a second and says “my dear child, your wish is very selfish and materialistic. It would take all the resources in the world and I urge you to think of something more thoughtful.”  The Catholic thinks long and hard for a few minutes, then says: “Lord, I would like to understand my wife. I would like to know what she thinks, why she acts the way she does and how to make her happy.”  The Lord replies: “Would you like one road or a divided highway?”
The Pope plays golf he Pope met with his Cardinals to discuss a proposal from Benjamin Netanyahu, the leader of Israel.   "Your Holiness", said one of his Cardinals, "Mr Netanyahu wants to challenge you to a game of golf to show the friendship and ecumenical spirit shared by the Jewish and Catholic faiths."   The Pope thought this was a good idea but he had never held a golf club in his hands. "Don't we have a Cardinal to represent me?" he asked.   "None who plays very well," a Cardinal replied. "But, there's a man named Jack Nicklaus, an American golfer who is a devout Catholic. We can offer to make him a Cardinal. Then ask him to play Mr. Netanyahu as your personal representative. In addition, to showing our spirit of cooperation, we'll also win the match."   Everyone agreed it was a good idea. The call was made and of course, Nicklaus was honored and agreed to play.   The day after the match, Nicklaus reported to the Vatican to inform the Pope of the result. "I have some good news and some bad news, your Holiness, " said Nicklaus.   "Tell me the good news first, Cardinal Nicklaus," said the Pope.   "Well, your Holiness, I don't like to brag, but even though I've played some pretty terrific rounds of golf in my life, this was the best I have ever played, by far. I must have been inspired from above. My drives were long and true, my irons were accurate and purposeful, and my putting was perfect. With all due respect, my play was truly miraculous."   "There's bad news?" asked the Pope.   "Yes, I lost by three strokes to Rabbi Tiger Woods."
Friedrich Nietzsche Dies As he ascends up to heaven, he begins to get worried that he might be wrong about atheism. He gets even more worried when he finally reaches heaven, and it looks just like how all those religious people said it would.  Then an old man with a big white beard comes up to him, and says "I'm God, looks like you were wrong about me."  Nietzsche replies "Not at all. If you're up here in heaven, that just proves everything that I wrote is correct. God is dead!"
A Catholic girl is set to marry a man from Greece...  The night before the wedding, the girl’s mother takes her aside and warns her about the reputation Greek men have:   “Now you listen to me, Sunshine- those Greeks like their sex... *a certain way*, if you catch my drift. If he ever tells you to flip over so he can have you another way, I want you to pack your bags and come right home to your mama!”   2 week’s later, Mom gets a knock on her door at midnight.   “It happened just the way you said it would, Mama! We were having sex the usual way when all of a sudden, he asked me to flip over and do it with the other hole!”   “Aha! And what did you tell him?”   “I told him- ‘my mama said if you ever wanted to do it in the other place, I was supposed to pack my things and come home!’”   “Good girl! And what did he say to *that*?”   “He said- ‘But Honey! Don’t you want to have a baby?’”
What's another name for a Jew? A holy smoke.
There's this new drug named Jesus I've heard of a lot of people injecting it but I've started taking it orally.  I'd never take the lords name in vein
Q: How did jewish wizards get to Hogwarts? A: I don't know,  but they certainly didn't get on that fucking train. 
What rapper do the Jews hate the most? 50 cent.
A guy walks into a Muslim bookstore wearing a Make America Great Again hat... As he was wandering around taking a look, the clerk asked if he could help the man find anything.   “Do you have a copy of Donald Trump’s book on his U.S. immigration policy regarding Muslims and illegal aliens?”   The clerk said, “Kiss my ass… get out… and stay out!”   The man said, “Yes, that’s the one.  Do you have it in paperback?”
What kind of muslim live in LA? It's always sunni in California...
What’s the difference between a Frenchman and a Jew A Frenchman doesn’t say goodbye when he leaves   A Jew says goodbye but doesn’t leave 
A Jewish child needs some money So he asks his father, "Father, may I have fifty dollars?"  The father says "Fifty dollars?! What do you need forty dollars for? I don't even have thirty dollars!"
How do you get a Catholic nun pregnant? Dress her as a choirboy
What do you call a Muslim swindler? A Khan-man
A Jewish father was very troubled by the way his son turned out and went to see his rabbi about it. “Rabbi, I brought him up in the faith, gave him a very expensive Bar Mitzvah and it cost me a fortune to educate him.  Then he tells me last week, he’s decided to be a Christian.  Rabbi, where did I go wrong?”  The rabbi strokes his beard and says, “Funny you should come to me. I too, brought up my son as a boy of faith, sent him to university and it cost me a fortune and then one day he comes to me and tells me he wants to be a Christian.”  “What did you do?” asked the man of the rabbi.  “I turned to God for the answer,” replied the rabbi.  “What did he say?” asked the man.  He said, “Funny you should come to me...”
What did Jesus say after he resurrected on the third day? "You crossed the wrong guy."
What does the Muslims play during the Ramadan? The Hunger Games
Four Catholic men and a Catholic woman were having coffee Four Catholic men and a Catholic woman were having coffee in St. Peters Square.   The first Catholic man tells his friends, "My son is a priest, when he walks into a room, everyone calls him 'Father'."   The second Catholic man chirps, "My son is a Bishop. When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Grace'."   The third Catholic gent says, "My son is a Cardinal. When he enters a room everyone bows their head and says 'Your Eminence'."   The fourth Catholic man says very proudly, "My son is the Pope. When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Holiness'."   Since the lone Catholic woman was sipping her coffee in silence, the four men give her a subtle, "Well ...?"   She proudly replies, "I have a daughter, slim, tall, 38" DD bust, 24" waist and 34" hips. When she walks into a room, everybody says, "Oh My God."
I don’t know if I believe in Jesus.. ...I mean “sus” is literally in the guy’s name.
A jew is on his death bed... As he breathes his last breath he calls for his wife,"Angella are you here." The wife replies sobbing " yes dear here i am." He then asks for his two sons. The wife now choking up replies "yes dear they are here too. By your side." The man coughs and gathers up breath to ask for his daughter. The wife now crying unctrollably says  "every one is here dear. We are all with you." The Jew gathers up all the strength he can and finally blurts out... "If everyone is here then why are  the damn lights on in the other room!!!!"
A man excitedly goes to a Catholic convention upon hearing that the Pope is in town and will be there. In addition to being a devout Christian, he's always been a huge fan of the Pope and dreamed of meeting him and couldn't pass up the opportunity.  He spent days and hours prior trying to find his best outfit and suit, trying many different getups trying to find the most appropriate and respectful one to hopefully get his attention, and finally decides on one.  Day of the convention comes. He goes, pumped, and can see the Pope in the distance talking to crowds of people. He decides that rather than approach him an introduce himself, he would see if he can get his attention with his nice outfit and maybe have the honor of being approached.  After waiting and walking around trying to make sure he notices him, no luck. Eventually, he actually sees the Pope approaching a scruffy homeless-looking man dressed in rags. At first he's surprised, but then thinks "Of course... that makes sense, he must have a huge heart and compassion for the poor, plus he's probably used to constantly encountering men dressed like me".  So he has an idea. He approaches the homeless scruffy guy and asks if they can temporarily switch clothes so that he can meet the Pope. The guy happily agrees, and they switch outfits.  Sure enough, within a few minutes, he sees the Pope start to approach him as his heart pumps with excitement.  As soon as he gets to him, he whispers in his ear: "I thought I told you to get the hell out of here."
Why did the Amish woman file for divorce? Her husband was driving her buggy
A Jewish man says to his Jewish friend "Nice watch, where did you get it?" His friend replies "I bought it from my father  just before he passed away"
What do you call a pair of dancing Jews? A Jewet.
Two old Jews, sitting on a park bench ... The one old guys says, "Simon, you just won the lottery! What are you going to do with all that money?"  Simon replies, "Well, I was thinking of going back to the old country and putting up a big statue in the town square."  "That sounds nice. A statue of whom?"  "I'm going to put up a big statue of Adolph Hitler."  "WHAT?? Are you meshuggeneh!!?? He killed 6 million Jews!! Why on Earth would you put up a statue of Hitler???"  "Oh, I owe everything to Hitler! Look ... [rolls up his sleeve] ... he gave me the winning numbers!" 
God it's annoying playing poker with Jesus Guy raises on the river every damn time
Jesus said Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. What if I want anal? 
I asked a jewish girl for her number once... She rolled up her sleeve.
Jesus saves 15% or more on car insurance by switching to Geico!
I'm sick of everyone telling me that Jesus saves. Why the fuck should I care what some Mexican dude does with his money?
How do you spot a Jewish paedophile in Thailand? He brings his own kids.
A fifteen year old Amish boy and his father were in a mall. They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again.  The boy asked, "What is this Father?"  The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, "Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don"t know what it is."  While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a fat old lady in a wheel chair moved up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened, and the lady rolled between them into a small room.  The walls closed, and the boy and his father watched the small numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until it reached the last number, and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order.  Finally the walls opened up again and a gorgeous 24-year-old blond stepped out.  The father, not taking his eyes off the young woman, said quietly to his son...  "Go get your Mother."
Why do Jews watch porn movies backwards? They like the part where the hooker gives the money back
Jesus was definitely balck... He never met his father
What makes Hitler better than Jesus? Jesus could only feed 5000 people with 5 loaves and 2 fish. Hitler made 6,000,000 Jews toast. 
Why can't Jewish people drive? They're afraid of the gas.
A Jew meets a french lady A jew once went to France to meet a woman. After the first night the lady was disappointed but the jew had given her 50 Euro's, so she decided to stay. After the second night he gave her another 50 euros, after the third night he gave her yet another 50 euros.  The french lady was amazed; 'A jew who's not stingy!'...."by the way, did I tell you my auntie is living in Tel Aviv"  The jew looked at her and said "yeah, shes the one that sent me to give you the 150 Euro's"
A jew and tge heater They once asked a jew what he will do if the weather gets cold.  He told them he'll sit next to the heater  They told him what if it gets colder?  He told them I'll get even closer to the heater.  They told him what if it gets even much colder?  He told then I'll stick to the heater  They told him what if it starts to snow?  He told them I'll just have to turn on the heater!
A Jew took his Passover lunch to eat outside in the park. A Jew took his Passover lunch to eat outside in the park. He sat down on a bench and began eating. Shortly thereafter a blind man came by and sat down next to him.  Feeling neighborly, the Jew offered a sheet of matzoh to the blind man.  The blind man ran his fingers over the matzoh for a minute, and said,  "Who writes this crap?"  
I walked into a muslim dessert place ...they served a pretty good Apple pie A-llah-mode.
Where was Asian Jesus born? Bethleehem
What's the difference between Santa Claus and a Jew? Santa Claus goes down the chimney, while the Jew goes up.
It Jesus was the lamb of God.. and Mary was his mother does that mean... Mary had a little lamb?  
I'm kinda like Jesus... I like to hang out with prostitutes and tell outragous lies.
What did the Russian Jew throw at his bar mitzvah? Mazel tov cocktails
What did the Muslim pirate say when his sister asked if he was a terrorist? Aye, sis
A Catholic Priest goes to Heaven.  A Catholic priest goes to heaven and while he is walking the streets of gold, he sees The Virgin Mary walking by. He yells, " Holy mother may I ask you a question?" Mary stops turns around and smiles.  " Ofcourse you can, asking anything!" She says. Happily he asks, " Were you a virgin all your life? " she laughs a little but nods. He replies," Joseph must have been a strong man to resist all those years!" Mary shook her head. Shocked he asked," You don't mean he was unfaithful?!" She shook her head again.  He said," Then tell me how can this be, I don't understand?" She replied," Lean in close and I'll whisper it in your ear." He does as she ask, she whispers in his ear. His jaw drops open and he is left completely stunned.  Mary leaves him there and smiles to herself.  An angel who saw the interaction walks up to Mary and asks," What did you tell him to make him acted like that?" She laughs then say," I told him ( anal doesn't count against my virginity)!
Did Jesus Die A Virgin Of course not he got nailed on the cross
Why is it a bad idea to put all your troubles in Jesus' hands? Cuz he has holes in both of 'em.
What do you call an Amish child? An omelet 
What's a Jewish person's favorite drink? Orangejews.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus. It only took one nail to hang the picture.
A very dirty minded guy goes to a jewellery shop to get his girlfriend a ring. One employee there asks him, "what are you looking for?"   The guy says, "I wanna buy a ring."  The employee asks, "what type of ring?"  The guys says, "A finger ring"
Did you hear about the hipster youth pastor creating a new Christian sect combining elements of Protestant and Baptist beliefs? He's a Pabst-ist.  Edited to help /u/visualshocker get the joke
"He who lives by the sword, shall die by the sword" said Jesus the carpenter who was nailed to some wood
Why did Jesus not directly go to heaven as he died on the cross? Take-off weight exceeded.
A jew gets a boner and runs into a wall, what breaks? His nose.
The pope once took a dump on a public bathroom Everyone shouted 'Holy shit!'
What's the difference between Leonardo DiCaprio and the Jews? Leonardo DiCaprio didn't quit smoking. 
Jesus: love thou neighbor! Me: how about I just stick with the neighbor's wife? 
So someone online recently told me that he’s amish Wait a second...
People often ask me what’s the difference between being a Jew and being Jewish. If you’re a Jew, you’re born into the ethnicity, and you probably practice the religion. If you’re just religious, you’re only kind of a Jew You’re Jew*ish*. 
At a meeting in a synagogue, a young Jew "Rabbi, why are the Jews so hated?" At a meeting in a synagogue, a young Jew asked the wise old Rabbi: "Rabbi, why do people hate us so much?" The Rabbi thinks for a while and says "That is an interesting question. We will all talk about it tomorrow over some vodka! Each one of you shall bring a bottle of fine vodka, so we can mix it all up in a big pot and drink, discuss, and then the answer will be clear." The young Jew went home and thought to himself "if everyone else is going to bring a bottle of vodka, I'll just bring a bottle of water and no one will be the wiser." Next day the young Jew showed up with a vodka bottle filled with water, anxious to see what answer the Rabbi would provide to his question. The Rabbi started to pour all the vodka together in one pot and began stirring it. The young Jew got impatient - "Please, Rabbi! What is the answer to my question? Why do people hate us so much?" The Rabbi then filled a cup, gave it to the young Jew and said "Drink this now!" The young Jew drank the cup and said "But this is just water!" And the Rabbi said "and that is why the people hate us"
What was Popeye's last name? Pimento, because he comes in an Olive.
The Floppy Disk is like Jesus. It died to become the Symbol of saving.
Why do cannibals hang around the Catholic school? It's a good source of pro-teens.
A jewish man walks into a bar... Just kidding it's a gas chamber 
Muslim, Christian and a Buddhist A Muslim a Christian and a Buddhist  argue about which god is real, so they decide to jump of a cliff and prove the other wrong.  The Christian goes first.  On his way down he says " Jesus Jesus Jesus " and dies on impact  The Buddhist goes second.  On his way down he says " Buddha Buddha Buddha" and floats right before he hits the ground, he is left unscratched.  The Muslim with full confidence jumps after the Buddhist.  On his way down he says "Allah Allah "and then midway  screams "BUDDHA BUDDHA  BUDDHA "
Why did Henry VIII leave the Catholic Church? Because he wanted to Take Back Control. 
Why do Jewish men like to watch porn movies backwards? Cause they like the part where the hooker gives the money back.
The Pope flies into New York A limo driver is waiting for the Pope.The Pope gets in and they start going down the road. The driver can't believe he has the Pope in his car so he rolls down the middle window and starts talking to him. They get to chatting and the man asks the Pope if there is anything he hasn't done that he'd always wanted to. He says he's never driven a car before. so he asks the driver if he could drive his limo. After thinking about it the driver lets him because, well he is the Pope. So going down the road all over the place an officer notices the car driving so terribly, and pulls him over. He wants to see is important enough to have such a huge beautiful limo like this. as his partner watches from the passenger seat the window rolls up and he sees the limo take off. The partner says "you're going to just let him go?" He says yea i don't know who's in the back of that car but the fucking Pope is driving so he must be pretty damn important. 
What was the suicidal Catholic gay guy doing? Hanging in the closet.
Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all the Jews had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a huge outcry from the Jewish community, so the Pope offered a deal. He'd have a religious debate with the leader of the Jewish community... If the Jews won, they could stay in Italy; if the Pope won, they'd have to convert or leave.  The Jewish people met and picked an aged and wise Rabbi to represent them in the debate.  However, as the Rabbi spoke no Italian, and the Pope spoke no Hebrew, they agreed that it would be a 'silent' debate.  On the chosen day, the Pope and the Rabbi sat opposite each other  The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers.  The Rabbi looked back and raised one finger.  Next, the Pope waved his finger around his head. The Rabbi pointed to the ground where he sat.  The Pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine.  The Rabbi pulled out an apple.  With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that the Rabbi was too clever. The Jews could stay in Italy!  Later the cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened. The Pope said, 'First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity. He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there is still only one God common to both our beliefs.' 'Then, I waved my finger around my head to show him that God was all around us. He responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us.' 'Finally, I pulled out the wine and wafer to show that God absolves us of all our sins. He pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin.' 'He bested me at every move and I could not continue!'  Meanwhile, the Jewish community gathered to ask the Rabbi how he had won. 'I don't have a clue!!!' the Rabbi said. 'First, he told me that we had three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him the finger.' Then he tells me that the whole country would be cleared of Jews, so I told him that we were staying right here. 'And then what?' asked a woman. 'Who knows...' said the Rabbi. 'He took out his lunch, so I took out mine!'
Going to a jewish school is difficult... How could I know they wouldn't like ,,Mein Kampf''
Whats the difference between a hippie and a muslim? The Muslim has to cover her hair and the hippie is covered in hair
A muslim guy gets onto a desert camel and sees an attractive muslim girl. Wanting to have sex with her, he goes up and asks, "Will you have sex with me?"  "Of course not!" the muslim girl said unnervingly and got off the camel.  Before the suicidal muslim man left the camel, the camel driver stops him and says, "I know how you can screw her: On Fridays, she prays at the local mosque. While she is praying, dress as Allah and she'll have sex with you. Put on a hijab, burkha, and a lot of c4."  That Friday, the muslim man takes the advice, gets into the costume and hides behind a Hijab. Shortly, the muslim girl appears and prays.  The muslim man pops out from the hijab and declares, "I am Allah, and I command you to have sex with me."  The muslim girl replies, "Sure, but only if we have anal sex."  So they have anal sex.  After sex the muslim man rips off his burkha and laughs, I'm not Allah! I'm that muslim man from the camel! Ha!"  Immediately the muslim girl rips off her burkha and says "Ha! I'm the Camel!"  Credit: comment by u\ricking06 
What do you call a bank robbery planned by Jesus? A Christ Heist
Jesus, Moses, and an old man are playing golf. They step up to a par 3. Jesus is up first. He drives the ball short, into the water trap in front of the green. So Jesus, being Jesus, walks on the water, chips the ball onto the green and putts for par.  Moses is next. He drives the ball into the same water trap. So Moses, being Moses, parts the water, chips the ball onto the green, and putts for par.  The old man is up. He drives the ball and it's heading for the water trap. Before the ball lands in the water, a fish jumps out and catches the ball in its mouth. Before the fish lands back in the water, a bird swoops down, snags the fish, and begins to fly away. As it's circling over the green, a bolt of lighting strikes the bird, causing it to drop the fish onto the green. The ball pops out of the fish's mouth, and rolls into the hole for a hole-in-one.  Jesus turns to the old man and says, "Dad, if you don't stop fooling around we're not gonna bring you next time."
Why don't Jewish people celebrate Christmas? The fire place is already full
For the longest time, i thought April fools was a christian thing. You know like it was in celebration of when Jesus died and then was like April fools gotcha guys. I'm alive.  
How many Catholic Priests does it take to change a lightbulb? Zero because they're way to busy fucking kids in the confession booth. 
Buying a beer for Jesus A blonde, a brunette and a redhead walk into a bar and they see Jesus.  "Wow!  That's really Jesus!" they say.  "We should buy him a beer."  They walk up to Jesus and ask him: "Jesus, may we please buy you a beer?"  Jesus replies: "yes you may, my children."  Jesus drinks the beer and he is satisfied.  In gratitude, he places his hand on the redhead's shoulder and he says: "thank you for the beer, my child."  The redhead gasps and says: "my shoulder!  It's stopped hurting!  Thank you, Jesus."  Jesus turns to the brunette, he places his hand on her wrist and he says: "thank you for the beer, my child."  The brunette gasps and says: "my wrist!  It's all better!  Thank you, Jesus."  Jesus turns to the blonde.  He tries to touch her back and he says: "thank you for the beer, my child."  The blonde backs away from Jesus and says: "no thanks.  I've got workman's comp."
[NSFW] Nazi officer rounds up jews in his camp. Asks the first one :"How high can you jump?"  "O-one meter, sir.": answers the prisoner. He throws him one loaf of bread.  "Two meters, sir!": exclaims second prisoner.  "Viery gut!": says officer as he throws him two loaves of bread.  "Six meters!": yells third one.    "Quickly, shoot him before he jumps over the fence!!"   
Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all the Jews had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a huge outcry from the Jewish community, so the Pope offered a deal. He'd have a religious debate with the leader of the Jewish community... If the Jews won, they could stay in Italy; if the Pope won, they'd have to convert or leave.  The Jewish people met and picked an aged and wise Rabbi to represent them in the debate.  However, as the Rabbi spoke no Italian, and the Pope spoke no Hebrew, they agreed that it would be a 'silent' debate.  On the chosen day, the Pope and the Rabbi sat opposite each other  The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers.  The Rabbi looked back and raised one finger.  Next, the Pope waved his finger around his head. The Rabbi pointed to the ground where he sat.  The Pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine.  The Rabbi pulled out an apple.  With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that the Rabbi was too clever. The Jews could stay in Italy!  Later the cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened. The Pope said, 'First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity. He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there is still only one God common to both our beliefs.' 'Then, I waved my finger around my head to show him that God was all around us. He responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us.' 'Finally, I pulled out the wine and wafer to show that God absolves us of all our sins. He pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin.' 'He bested me at every move and I could not continue!'  Meanwhile, the Jewish community gathered to ask the Rabbi how he had won. 'I don't have a clue!!!' the Rabbi said. 'First, he told me that we had three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him the finger.' Then he tells me that the whole country would be cleared of Jews, so I told him that we were staying right here. 'And then what?' asked a woman. 'Who knows...' said the Rabbi. 'He took out his lunch, so I took out mine!'
How does a Jewish man make tea? Hebrews it 
How do you call a jewish pokemon trainer? Ash
A visit to the pope A man walks into the barber's and says "I don't mind what you do so long as it looks smart, I'm going to see the pope".   "Oh not the pope! He's done nothing for the faith. I went to see him a while ago and  he never even appeared. They said he wasn't feeling well. Pathetic if you ask me, letting all those people down whod travelled across the world to see him. The city itself is cramped and smelly, what a waste of money it is to go there" replied the barber. "Who are you flying with?"  "British airways, from Birmingham" said the man.  "What a farse of a company they are! The hostesses are rude and their food gave me diarrhoea! Birmingham is a horrible city anyway, and the airport is tiny and dirty.Where is it you're staying?"  "The Marriott in Rome."  "I satyed there. The wallpaper was peeling, the terrible service, and my sheets hadn't been changed in weeks!" Exclaimed the barber.   "That should be a fun trip" he remarked sarcastically. "Let me know how it goes anyway".   The man leaves, and walks in again a fortnight later.  "How was it then?" The barber asks as the man enters.  "Unbelievable! The flight landed ahead of time and I had a gorgeous hostess waiting on me hand and foot. The food was amazing on the flight there, I couldn't believe it." The man replies.  "Hm, they must have changed something since I went. I bet the hotel was a disappointment?" The barber asks with a smirk.  "The whitest sheets I've seen, and room service took only a couple of minutes to bring up food and wine for me. They'd just finished renovating, and everything looked fantastic, with freshly painted walls and fancy leather armchairs in the rooms."  "Did you get to see the pope then?" The barber asks, disgruntled.  "Once I'd gotten into the Vatican a pair of Swiss guards approached me, explaining that now and again the pope likes to personally meet people visiting the city, and they asked if I was interested. I naturally said yes and when I met the pope he ws so nice! We chatted about the faith and our beliefs, but it was his humility I admired most."  "Well," the barber says, "it was probably only a face he puts on for meeting the public, behind closed doors I bet he's the worst kind of sinner. How they ever let him become Pope I don't know."  "There was one thing he mentioned to me  though which caught me off guard" says the man. "He said, "who's cut your hair? It's shit!""  
Nazi general: " Soldier, why did you put a American in the oven before the 9 Jews?" " Sir, I was greasing the oven!"
What do you call a retreat for Jewish kids with ADHD? Concentration Camp 
I keep hearing of these concentration camps Hitler sent Jews to. How awesome of him to care so much about their ADHD.
Jesus spoke to many people He tended to Babylon
What is the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? One is a JPEG, the other is J pegged.
What's the difference between Jesus, and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang a picture.  
Jesus died and rose three days later. He had a laggy connection.
Back in high school Spanish I made probably my best joke to date: "Did Jesus *rice* from the dead? " "No......he *arroz*"
Mexican and Muslim jokes are pretty much the same. Once you've heard Juan, you've heard allah them.
Jesus and his disciples walk into a restaurant. Jesus: A table for 26, please.  Headwaiter: But there's only . . . um, 13 of you.  Jesus: Yeah, we're all going to sit on the same side.
What happened to the Pope when he went to Mount Olive? Popeye almost killed him!
"Jesus loves you..." A great thing to hear in church. A horrible thing to hear in prison.
The Seven Dwarves are invited to Rome for a visit with the Pope. . . . . . All is going well as the Dwarves are asking questions about faith and the church in an albeit innocent and childlike manner. But for some reason Dopey was quiet. He was shying away and looking embarrassed which wasn't all that odd for Dopey but the Pope in his kindness and curiosity wondered why the little guy had no questions. After all few people have the opportunity to speak privately with the mouthpiece of the Lord so surely this young dwarf must have had at least one question.  So the Pope asked the other Dwarves, "doesn't Dopey have something he'd like to ask?"  "Oh he certainly does!" exclaimed Doc.   "Ask him, Dopey. Ask him," said Sleepy.  So, sheepishly Dopey asked, "Are there any convents in Alaska?"  The Pope thought this was a strange question but still he replied, "Yes, my son. The church has convents in Alaska."  But the other Dwarves persisted. All of them continuing to say, "ask him, Dopey. Ask him."  So Dopey asked, "Um, Mr. Pope, sir . . . are there nuns in Alaska?"  A stranger question still but the Pope replied, "Yes, my son. There are indeed nuns in Alaska."  But the Dwarves kept on with, "ask him, Dopey. Ask him."  "Um, ah, honorable Pope, um. . . are there any midget nuns in Alaska?"  At this the Pope felt little Dopey was just being silly and simply not considering the grave honor that had been bestowed upon these Seven Dwarves.   "No, Dopey. There are no midget nuns in Alaska and I have no idea why you would ask such a silly thing."  To which the other Dwarves replied, "*Dopey fucked a penguin, Dopey fucked a penguin!*"
What kind of math was Jesus the best at? Cross multiplication
A mafioso's son sits at his desk writing a Christmas list to Jesus. A mafioso's son sits at his desk writing a Christmas list to Jesus. He first writes, "Dear baby Jesus, I have been a good boy the whole year, so I want a new..." He looks at it, then crumples it up into a ball and throws it away.  He gets out a new piece of paper and writes again, "Dear baby Jesus, I have been a good boy for most of the year, so I want a new..." He again looks at it and throws it away.  He then gets an idea. He goes into his mother's room, takes a statue of the Virgin Mary, puts it in the closet and locks the door. He takes another piece of paper and writes, "Dear baby Jesus, if you ever want to see your mother again..."
I said something awful in church the other day and not Jesus is cross with me.
Jesus took the wheel and sold it to Juan for some booze money.
How did hitler get 6 million Jews on a train Free transportation
What do you call a jew falling from a tower? A falling star
Jewish boy asks his dad for $20 Dad says, “$15? What do you need $10 for?”
A Jewish man misses the bus A Jewish man comes home from work excited one day and says to his wife:  "honey guess what happened today. I was running a bit late and so I missed the bus home and ran after it all the way and realized I saved 2 dollars by not buying a ticket!"  To which she responds :  "you dummy! Next time run after a taxi and save 30!"
Is the Pope Catholic? Apparently not....
Pope to an atheist "You're looking for a black Cat in a dark room that isn't there!" Well then there's great similarity between us. You're also looking for a black Cat in a dark room except you found it!  ~Atheist
Jesus is on the cross.. ..fading fast he yells to his disciple Paul.   "Paul come to me my child. Come to me!"  Paul musters all his strength to break through the crowd.  "Yes my lord, I am coming to you"  Jesus continues to yell for Paul. Paul now crying falls at Jesus feet....  "Yes my lord!!!?"  "Paul, I can see your house from here".
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang the picture.
Jesus walks into an inn... He places a handful of nails on the counter and asks to be put up for the night. 
What do you call a Jewish gecko? Nothing you fucking idiot. There are no geckos in the holy land.
What did Jesus say to Mary on Easter? April Fools!
The pope arrives super early to a flight He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope. Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the  pope's his driver."
How does Jesus make coffee? Hebrews it.
Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all the Jews had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a  huge outcry from the Jewish community, so the Pope offered a deal. He'd  have a religious debate with the leader of the Jewish community...  If the Jews won, they could stay in Italy; if the Pope won, they'd have to convert or leave.  The Jewish people met and picked an aged and wise Rabbi to represent them in the debate.  However, as the Rabbi spoke no Italian, and the Pope spoke no Hebrew, they agreed that it would be a 'silent' debate.  On the chosen day, the Pope and the Rabbi sat opposite each other  The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers.  The Rabbi looked back and raised one finger.  Next, the Pope waved his finger around his head. The Rabbi pointed to the ground where he sat.  The Pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine.  The Rabbi pulled out an apple.  With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that the Rabbi was too clever. The Jews could stay in Italy!  Later  the cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened. The  Pope said, 'First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity. He  responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there is still only  one God common to both our beliefs.' 'Then, I waved my finger around my  head to show him that God was all around us. He responded by pointing  to the ground to show that God was also right here with us.' 'Finally, I  pulled out the wine and wafer to show that God absolves us of all our  sins. He pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin.' 'He  bested me at every move and I could not continue!'  Meanwhile,  the Jewish community gathered to ask the Rabbi how he had won. 'I don't  have a clue!!!' the Rabbi said. 'First, he told me that we had three  days to get out of Italy, so I gave him the finger.' Then he tells me  that the whole country would be cleared of Jews, so I told him that we  were staying right here. 'And then what?' asked a woman. 'Who knows...'  said the Rabbi. 'He took out his lunch, so I took out mine!'
What is the Catholic Church’s motto? No Child’s Behind Left.    —RIP Christopher Hitchens.
How does a robotic Muslim pray? Towards Mecha.
God and Jesus decide to walk the earth and see how people are doing they disguise themselves as two ordinary men and decide to try something very popular with humans in alcohol. They walk into a bar owned by Eminem and ask - could we get two shots? - YOU ONLY GET ONE SHOT
Jesus turns water into wine, everyone admires him and talks about it for 2000 years.. I turn water into sprite at Chipotle, and everyone calls it stealing.
How did Jesus get so fit? Crossfit!
A Frenchman, a German, and a Jew are lost in the desert, wandering for hours. A Frenchman, a German, and a Jew are lost in the desert, wandering for hours.  The Frenchman says, “I’m tired. I’m thirsty. I must have wine.” The German says, “I’m tired. I’m thirsty. I must have beer.” The Jew says, “I’m tired. I’m thirsty. I must have diabetes.”
If Jesus owned a gun what kind of gun would it be? A nail gun
Anyone who thinks Jesus wasn't a white man has never been to communion The  body of Christ is clearly as cracker
What kind of gun would Jesus own? A nail gun.   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .    .   .    .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .       .   .   .   .   .   .   .  .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .   .    Ya know, him being a carpenter and all.
A lawyer and the pope were both killed in an accident. The two were in line to see St. Peter at the Pearly Gates.   St. Peter asked the lawyer his name and looked it up in his book.   He then asked the Pope for his name and looked it up in his book also.   "Now, if you will come with me, I will show you your eternal dwellings," said St. Peter.   They walked along the clouds and came to a huge mansion with all sorts of lavish trappings.   St. Peter turned to the lawyer and told him this was to be his house.   The Pope, knowing how important he was to the church could hardly imagine what his house would be like.   St. Peter and the Pope continued on to a small, beat-up wooden shack.   St. Peter told the Pope that this would be his dwelling.   The Pope, shocked, said to St. Peter, "Just a minute!"   That other guy was a lawyer and he gets a mansion.   I was the head of the Roman Catholic church, and this is all the reward I get?"   St. Peter looked at the Pope and said "True, you have done great things. But we have lots of Popes in Heaven, and that guy was the first lawyer ever to make it up here."
I saw this cute Jewish girl, so I asked for her number And then she rolled up her sleeves
What’s the best way to pick up hot Jewish chicks? With a shovel. 
What is the difference between a Jew and a pizza? Pizzas don’t scream when you put them in the oven. 
What did the Muslim police officer say to the criminal? "You Qur'an, but you can't hide!"
A Christian, a Jew and a Muslim walk into a bar....  If they weren’t arguing they would have seen it coming.
Which US National park is most welcoming to Arabic and the Jewish people? Yosemite.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail for the picture.
What did the muslim Sonic say after Ramadan ended? "Finally I don't need to go fast"
Seeing Jesus alive three days after they crucified him... The Romans we're awestruck at his power and decided never to cross him again.
What's the worst thing about being a black Jew? You have to sit at the back of the oven.
Hitler walks by a Jew cleaning an ashtray... He says, "Looking for someone?"
How do you pick up Jewish chicks? With a broom and dustpan.
What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew? A pizza doesn't scream when I put it in the oven
A modern, Orthodox, Jewish couple, preparing for a religious wedding, meets with their rabbi for counseling.   The rabbi asks if they have any last questions before they leave.  The man asks, "*Rabbi, we realize it's tradition for men to dance with men, and women to dance with women at the reception. But, we'd like your permission to dance together*."  "*Absolutely not,*" says the rabbi. "*It's immodest.Men and women always dance separately.*"  ''*So after the ceremony I can't even dance with my own wife?*"  "*No,*" answered the rabbi. "*It's forbidden.*"  "*Well, okay,*" says the man, "*what about sex? Can we finally have sex?*"  "*Of course!*" replies the rabbi. "*Sex is a mitzvah (good thing) within marriage, to have children!*"  "*What about different positions?*" asks the man.  "*No problem,*" says the rabbi. "*It's a mitzvah!*"  "*Woman on top?*" the man asks.  "*Sure,*" says the rabbi. "*Go for it! It's a mitzvah!*"  "*Doggy style?*"  "*Sure! Another mitzvah!*"  "*On the kitchen table?*"  "*Yes, yes! A mitzvah!*"  "*Can we do it on rubber sheets with a bottle of hot oil, a couple of vibrators, a leather harness, a bucket of honey and a porno video?*"  "*You may indeed. It's all a mitzvah!*"  "*Can we do it standing up?*"  "*No.*" says the rabbi.  "*Why not?*" asks the man.  "*It could lead to dancing!*" 
I always found it ironic that Jesus' dad, Joseph, was a carpenter But never got the chance to lay his wood.
People who rob jewelry stores and banks are pretty bad. But people who rob bakeries really take the cake.
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
So, two jews take a shower. Neither come out.
A Nazi officer suspects that one of his lieutenants is hiding the fact that they're Jewish... ... but he doesn't know which one.   So he organises a dinner party with all of his lieutenants, a beautifully lavished buffet, including beef goulash, pulled pork, roast chicken, elaborate vegetable dishes, interesting pies, cured ham, and so on.  The lieutenants arrive at the dinner party and set down to eat, and all reach out for their favourite dishes.  Suddenly the officer pulls out his gun and shoots dead one of the lieutenants.  "Why did you shoot Ludwig?" cry out the bewildered surviving lieutenants  "I know for fact that Ludwig is Jewish, that is why I shot him" answered the officer  "But how did you know?"  "He reached out for the pickle"
A jewish boy asks his father "can i have 50 dollars?" Dad: 40 dollars? What do you need 30 dollars for? I got 20, here's 10, gimme back 5.
A Jewish girl asked me for my number the other day. I told her "we use names here".
A Jew from work has been dating a girl suffering from Tourette syndrome for years now. I always wondered what kept them together. Then I saw the swear jar.
Why was Jesus no longer a problem for the Romans? They made the cruci"fix".
Jesus didn't die for our sins... He died from them.
Jesus said "Come forth, and you will recieve eternal life.... But you came fifth and won a toaster.
Jokes about jews aren't funny. Anne frankly they are quite offensive.
I want to tell my jewish friend an offensive joke ...but he nose all of them.
What's the difference between Jesus and a photo frame? It takes only 1 nail to hang a photo frame. 
A German man killed his Jewish friend. A German man killed his Jewish as he lost a bet. The consquences a hollow cost.
An Amish girl is riding along with her mother on a horse and cart Feeling the cold, she cups her hands and blows on them. Seeing this the mother leans in and gives her daughter a little life lesson. "When its this cold and on long journies like this place your hands between your thighs my dear". This good piece of advise does the trick. The next day the neighbours son comes by on his horse and cart just as the Amish girl is leaving the house to head to the working fields and offers her a lift. Casually he remarks on the cold weather and that his hands were feeling the cold. Eager to pass on the nugget of good knowledge learnt the day before she suggests he warms them up by placing them between her thighs. The next day, again the boy picks up his naive neighbours daughter and this time tries to go a bit further by hinting that his nose is numb from cold. Again the Amish girl helps him out by telling him to place it between her thighs. On the next day the boy goes for broke and complains that the bittingly bitter wind is going right up his trouser leg and thus his penis is frozen stiff. That night the girl comes home looking very flustered. Her concerned mother asks " What on earth is the matter girl?". She tells her mother everything ending with the boy placing his penis between her thighs, eyes bulging the mother screams " Then what happened!?" . The girl looked confused " It melted...."
What's the difference between a Muslim pilot and a drone pilot? A Muslim pilot has balls, a drone pilot a joystick.
A Jewish kid tells his father he saved some money... Kid: "Dad I saved $3 by running behind the bus after school today"  Dad: "Next time run behind a taxi, you'll save more"
Jesus gave 2 thousand people bread. Hitler made 6 million Jews toast. 
Anti gay protestor: “sodomy makes Jesus cry” Counter protesters: “sounds like Jesus isn’t using enough lube...”
A jewish girl gave me her number today I told her: we use names here
How do gay Catholics come out to their parents? *Mom, Dad, I’m enrolling in seminary...*
A little Catholic boy and a little Protestant girl, both about four years old, were growing up in Northern Ireland... Even though Catholics and Protestants didn’t generally get along with one another, the two played together often, not understanding why their families said they shouldn’t be friends.   On one particularly hot day, the two were playing when the little girl said, “‘Tis terribly hot today. We should go take a dip in the swimmin’ hole.”  The little boy replied, “We canna do that!  We do na have our swimmin’ clothes.”  But the little girl said, “That’s a’right. We can go swimmin’ in our all togethers!”  So, the two went off to the swimmin’ hole, where they each got undressed... At which point the little girl starts to look at the little boy, head to toe, eyes wide and confused. And the little boy was looking at the little girl. Head to toe. Jaw wide open with a puzzled look on his face.   He then managed to say, “Ma Da told me that Catholics and Protestants were different. But I did na think we were THAT different!  Edit:  Thank you for the Silver - my first Reddit award!
Wanna hear a Jew joke? Jokes on Jew cause I don't have one
What’s the difference between acne and a Catholic priest? Acne usually comes on a boy’s face after he is 12
So I pirated a Judas Priest song. It was Breaking the Law.
What is Pope Benedicts favourite breakfast item? Eggs.
Jesus at the last supper *(breaks bread)*  This is my body  *(pours wine)*  This is my blood  *(opens jar of mayo)*   Judas: Let's just stop right there.
What do Jesus and Logan have in common? Both's amount of subscribers is decreasing.
Jesus goes on vacation So one day Jesus goes to God.  Jesus says, "God.  I'm tired.  I've been delivering miracles, was crucified and died for their sins and for the last thousands of years they just want more and more.  What should I do?"  God replies, "You've been working hard son.  Why don't you go down to Earth and take a vacation.  Come back when you feel better."  "Fuckin' Sweet," Says Jesus. "That's probably what I need.  Thanks."  So Jesus is down on Earth, hitch hiking on the side of a two lane highway.  Eventually a trucker pulls over and Picks him up.  "Where you headed?"  "Anywhere you'll take me.  I'm on vacation."  And down the road they go.  After about a half hour of driving the truckers speaks up, "Hey man.  I have some water back here if you're thirsty.  I have a little cooler back here filled with ice and it's nice and cold"  "That sounds great.  I could use a drink." Responds Jesus.  The trucker reaches behind his seat and pulls out a bottle of water.  Drinks about half of it and passes it to Jesus.  Jesus throws it back drinks the rest.  Jesus says, "Man that is cold!"  Truck driver just chuckles and says, " I told you."  Another 60 miles down the road and the trucker perks up and says, "You know, before I left my wife made me an egg salad sandwhich.  She makes the best egg salad sandwhiches.  You want half?"  Jesus casually says, "Sure.  I could eat."  So the trucker reaches behind his seat into the cooler again, pulls out a sandwhich and rips it in half and hands one half to Jesus.  Jesus takes a bite and looks over at the trucker nodding his head and says, "That is good!"  Trucker chuckles and says, "I told you.  My wife makes the best egg sandwhiches."  Another 80 miles down the road and the trucker inquires, "Say, I don't know if it's your thing but last week I had a delivery through Kentucky and while I was there I found some Kentucky Bluegrass weed.  You want to share a joint?"  Jesus goes, "Well, I'm on vacation.  Why not?"  So the trucker lights up a J, takes two big hits and as he passes it to Jesus tells him, "Be careful. It's strong stuff."  Jesus takes it and takes a hit.  Then as he's taking in his second hit he realizes how absurd this is.  He turns to the truck driver and says, "You don't know who I am do you?"  Truck driver says, "Nope.  Just picked you up off the side of the highway."  Jesus tells him, "I am Jesus christ.  The son of god!"  The trucker just replies, "I told you that was some good shit!"      This joke was on a really funny weed movie I forget the name of so I can't give credit to the comdian but I still remember and tell this joke.
How did Jesus pay for our sins? Pray-Pal
Joseph was changing Jesus' diaper Joseph slowly takes out Jesus' dirty diaper, when Mary suddenly asks, "What's inside?". Joseph exclaimed "Holy shit!".
Why were there no Muslims aboard the Apollo 11? Because the Apollo 11 was meant to explore and discover, not commit jihad and smell bad.
Jesus fucking christ! ... Masturbations not funny.  Who popped Mary's cherry?  Baby Jesus.
A ten dollar bill is at a crossroads. Santa Claus is to the North, the tooth fairy is to the West, a moderate Muslim is to the East and a radical Muslim is to the South. Who gets there first? The radical Muslim.  All the rest are imaginary creatures.
Why do jewish men only have sex once a day? Because they don’t believe in a second coming
A Jew with an erection runs into a wall. What breaks first? His nose.
How do we know Jesus drove a Honda and was modest about it? Jesus: "For I did not speak of my own accord"
Why should you always bring two Baptists with you when you go fishing? If you only bring one, he'll drink all your beer.
Jesus, Moses, and a Bearded Man are playing golf Jesus starts the game.  He hits the ball as hard as he can and it heads straight towards the lake.  However, instead of sinking, the ball rolls on the surface of the water.  Jesus walks on the lake, hits the ball, and gets it into the hole.  Next is Moses' turn.  He hits the ball as hard as he can and it heads straight towards the lake.  But Moses raises his golf club and the waters of the lake divide.  Moses walks between the two walls of water to the ball, hits it, and it gets into the hole.  Finally, the bearded man.  He hits the ball as hard as he can, and it also heads straight towards the lake.  However, a frog snatches it out of the air with its tongue and swallows it.  An eagle dives at the frog and carries it into the air.  Meanwhile, a hunter sees the eagle and fires a shot at it.  The bullet hits the eagle, and it falls to the ground, right next to the hole.  The frog coughs up the golf ball and it rolls into the hole for a perfect hole in one.  Moses grumbles and mutters to Jesus, "I really hate playing with your dad."
Two Jewish men, were sitting in a Mexican restaurant discussing religion "I wonder if there are any Jewish people in Mexico?" asked the first one.   "There must be" said the second one, "let's ask the waiter."  When the waiter came by, they asked him, "Do you have any Mexican Jews?" and the waiter said, "I don't know Senor, I'll ask the cooks."  He returned from the kitchen in a few minutes and said "Im sorry - we have orange Jews, tomato Jews, grape Jews, but no Mexican Jews"
So I found out my friend was a quarter jewish.... He sure kept that "quarter" am I right?
What's a Muslim's favourite food? Is-lam(b)
I made an app like tinder for jews.... Its called Schindler list
What is Jew’s favorite thing besides money? Cashew.
A Jew sends his son on a pilgrimage to ... A Jew sends his son whom is losing faith on a pilgrimage to israel, he comes back a christian.  He goes to his local priest and tells him about this problem and he says I did this too and my son also came home christian, let's ask god for a solution"  The sky opened up "Funny you should say that.."
Why do Jewish men circumcise? Because Jewish women can't resist anything with 10% off.
Jesus takes over for St. Peter for the day St. Peter was guarding the Pearly Gates, waiting for new souls coming to heaven. He saw Jesus walking by and caught his attention. "Jesus, could you mind the gate for the day while I go do some errands?"  "Sure," replied Jesus. "What do I have to do?"  "Just find out about the people who arrive. Ask about their background, their family, and their lives. Then decide if they deserve entry into Heaven."  "Sounds easy enough. OK."  So Jesus manned the gates for St. Peter. The seems to go on for a long time and very tedious so Jesus has been barely paying attention to those that walk up. At the end of the day a man walks up and Jesus motions l him to sit down . Jesus asked, "What did you do for a living?"  The man replies “Oh I’m just visiting God real quick.”  Confused Jesus looks up at the man and says “Dave?” 
Jewish boy: Dad, can I have $50? Jewish dad:$40? What do you need $30 for?? 
A man wins a trip to meet the Pope... A man wins a trip to meet the Pope and he can barely contain himself as he is on the plane to Italy. He makes his way to the Vatican where he meets the group of 50 or so other men and women who will be meeting the Pope that day. They chat anxiously while waiting and are finally told to form a line as the Pope arrives. The man is at the back of the line.  The Pope approaches the person at the front of the line and delivers them a blessing. He then slowly approaches the second in line and blesses them as well. Now the third guy in lie is a scruffy fellow, with dirty long hair and a tattered overcoat, he looks like a homeless person. When the Pope meets him, rather than just a blessing he reaches forwards and gives the scruffy man a hug, then the Pope, blessing people as he goes.  The man at the back is now thinking 'well, I don't just want a blessing, I want a hug too!' so he sneaks to the front of the line and approaches the homeless man. 'I'll give you €1000 euros for your jacket' he says, the homeless man agrees and gives up his jacket.  The man now hurries back to his place at the back of the line and sure enough when the Pope reaches him he pulls him close for a hug. As they're embracing the Pope leans in close and whispers:  'I thought I told you to get the fuck out of here?' 
A Chinese man and a Jewish man are walking down the street When suddenly, the Jewish man turns towards the Chinese man and punches him straight in the face. “That was for Pearl Harbour!” the man exclaims. “What?! That was the Japanese, not the Chinese,” the Chinese man replies The Jewish man apologises profusely for the misunderstanding, and they continue down the street. After about 5 minutes of walking, the Chinese man turns to the Jewish man and punches him hard in the face, shouting, “that was for the Titanic, you bastard!”  “That wasn’t the Jews, an iceberg sunk the Titanic!” the Jewish man explains. The Chinese man replies, “ah, iceberg, Goldberg, same thing”
Two old Jewish men, Sid and Abe, are sitting in a Mexican restaurant one day.. Sid asks Abe, "Do you know if any people of our ancestry were ever born and raised in Mexico?"  Abe replies, "I don't know, let's ask our waiter."   When the waiter arrives, Abe asks, "Are there any Mexican Jews?"  The waiter says, "I don't know señor , I ask the cooks.  "He returns from the kitchen after a few minutes and says, "No señor, the cook say no Mexican Jews."  Abe isn't satisfied and asks, "Are you absolutely sure?"  The waiter, realizing he is dealing with "Gringos" replies, "I check once again, señor," and goes back into the kitchen.  While the waiter is away, Sid says, "I find it hard to believe that there are no Jews in Mexico. Our people are scattered everywhere."  The waiter returns and says, "señor, the head cook Manuel, he say there is no Mexican Jews."  "Are you certain?" Abe asks again. "I just can't believe there are no Mexican Jews!"  "señor, I ask EVERYONE," replies the exasperated waiter.  "All we have is Orange Jews, Grape Jews, Prune Jews, Tomato Jews and Apple Jews, but no Mexican Jews."
What did the Foreign Butcher say to the Muslim man buying meat? Dont worry.. Is lamb
Two old Jews are walking down the street and see a sign outside of a church that says: "Jews, come let us save your soul! Convert and we will give you $50!" Shmuel and Moshe are walking down the street and see a sign outside of a church that says: "Jews, come let us save your soul! Convert and we will give you $50!" Shmuel and Moshe look at each other, amused by such mishegas, and plot that Moshe should go in, listen to their schtick, and then they can share the money. Shmuel waits for much longer than he expected, he is waiting outside for hours. At last, Moshe comes out and Shmuel says: "Finally! I at least hope you got the $50 after all that." Moshe says, "What *is* it about you people and money?"
Do you know how Jewish birds chirp? Cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap! 
What does a Catholic priest do after molesting a kid? Adds it to his résumé. 
What do you call a gay Jew? A fruitkike!
One day, 2 Jews were hanging around They found a notice outside a church. It said: Get converted and get $50.  The first Jew went inside. When he came outside, his friend asked "So did you get the $50?"  The boy replied: "You Jews only care about money."
What do you call a jewish burial site? An ash tray.
What do a catholic priest and McDonald’s making hamburgers have in common? They both put their meat between 10 year old buns    P.S. Sorry if you get offended by this
Jesus Christ wasn’t white... But according to Catholics he’s still a cracker. 
If Jesus Christ was born today... DNA tests would figure out who the father was.
Whenever my Muslim roommate goes to pray, I sit down next to him with some apple pie and ice cream. So that both of us are in A la mode.
Jesus Christ must have been the life of the party if people remember him as being able to turn water into wine.
A Catholic priest is surprised by a bear in the forrest The bear charges him and the priest quickly says a prayer,"Lord, please let this be a nice, Christian bear!"  The bear scoops him up in his arms and quietly speaks, "Lord bless this meal that I am about to receive, amen"
A Higgs boson walks into a Catholic church.. Priest: "I'm sorry we don't allow Higgs bosons in here."  Higgs boson: "oh I'm sorry, but without me you can't have mass."   
What do you call it when the Pope sends letters to his forbidden past lovers? Ex-communication
In China there is a community that believes in Chinese Jesus He wokked on water
A catholic priest and a rabbi are walking down the street. The priest sees a young boy headed toward them. He leans over to the rabbi and asks, "Hey, you wanna fuck him?"      The rabbi responds, "Out of what?"
Why is Jesus said to be more humble than God? Because Jesus is more down to earth.
An Irishman and a Jew were walking down the street... ...when they see a pretty girl walking towards them.  The Irishman says, "Let's fuck her!"  The Jew says, "Out of what?"
A customs agent stopped Sam, an elderly Jewish man who had just immigrated to Israel and asked him to open his two suitcases. In the first suitcase, the agent found over 1 million pounds in £10 notes. "Excuse me, sir" he asked Sam, "where did you get all this money?"  "Vell, I'll tell you," Sam began, "I love Israel. For many years I travelled all around the world and stopped off at all of the public toilets in all the major cities; I vent to New York, I vent to London, I vent to Madrid, to Prague, to Paris, everywhere. As soon as I arrived, I vent into all the cubicles where the men were peeing and I say to them, "Give me £10 for Israel or I'll cut off your testicles vit my knife."  "That's quite a story," the customs agent said, "what's in the second suitcase?"  "Vell, you know," said Sam, shaking his head, "not everyone likes to give..." 
My Jewish friends have very high hygiene standards For instance, they've been in the showers for years now..
Whats a Jews least favorite activity? Camping
A Mexican, a muslim and a black man jump of a bridge, who wins? Society
What Happens When a Jew With a Boner Runs Into a Wall? He Breaks His Nose
Next time someone asks you if you have found Jesus: "Have you found Jesus?"   "Damnit, did you guys lose him again? Seriously, start using bigger nails."
A guy asked Jesus how it felt to be crucified. Eh, I got nailed, so I guess it was alright. 
Why did the jew collect ashtrays? So he could be closer to his family
What do you call two jews? A jewo
Why do Jews always smell so bad? Because they're to scared to go to the showers.
Why did the black man become Catholic? So he could finally meet his father.
I've never met a full-blown Jew They're always just Jewish
All humans are catholic Because they always have mass 
A Catholic, a Jew, and a Buddhist are on a plane that is about to crash. The Jew says a prayer and jumps off, survives the landing but dies in the hospital. The Catholic says a prayer, jumps off, and becomes paralyzed for the rest of his life, but survives the fall. The Buddhist says a prayer, jumps off, and is caught by a giant Buddha hand, and says,"Thank God." The hand then proceeds drops him.
How did the Jewish boy do on his English test? Hebrew it.
I was gonna tell Catholic jokes... ...but those have been abused.
There's a robbery in a jewelry shop, but when the police arrive, the thief has escaped One agent says to another:   "If we do not arrest anyone the boss is going to get angry"  The other agent looks around and sees a drunk man sleeping in a corner, and says:  "Well, we take that drunk and we say it was him"  They take him to the police station, where they interrogate him:   "Where are the jewels?"  The drunk man, who is half asleep, does not answer. The policeman asks again:  "Where are the jewels?"  But the drunk man does not answer. The police gets fed up, takes a bucket of water and puts the drunkard's head inside.  He takes him out and asks him again:.  "where are the jewels?"  The drunk man still does not answer.  He puts him underwater again, and when he takes him out, they ask him again:  "Where are the fucking jewels?"  And the drunk man replies:  "Well, I do not see them here, why don't you hire a diver?"
Why don’t churches have Wi-fi? It’s because they don’t want an invisible force that works.
Why do Japanese christians offer rice wine to jesus? For christ’s sake
Someone sees a statue of Jesus made out of cigarette butts. Whats his reaction? HOLY SMOKES!
What did Jesus do in Mississippi? He turned Muddy Waters into wine.
Why is Jesus popular with the ladies? Because he's so well hung.
A Jewish and Russian soldier come under heavy fire... As both engage the enemy the Jewish soldier is struck with a bullet and mortally wounded.  The Russian soldier continues to return fire and hold back the enemy, eventually however his ammo is spent.  He looks to his Jewish comrade and says “I cannot hold them back, I’m out of ammunition”  The Jew, struggling to keep his eyes open motions the Russian over. “Here” he says “you can buy some of mine”.
Why was the Jew sour? Because he was Hasidic.
At a May Day parade, a very old Jew is carrying a placard which reads: "Thank you, comrade Stalin, for my happy childhood!" A Party representative approaches the old man.  "What's that? Are you mocking our Party? Everyone can see that when you were a child, comrade Stalin hadn't yet been born!"  The old man replies, "That is precisely why I am grateful to him!"
What's the difference between Harry Potter and the Jews? Harry Potter escaped the Chamber.
Have you ever eaten Jesus bread? It's good but it takes 3 days to rise.
Why did the Jews wander in the desert for 40 years? Because one of them dropped a nickel.
Why doesn't prophet muhammad - founder of the muslim faith - wear underwear? because little girls can hear a zipper open from a mile away.   (this is in retaliation to the why dont witches wear underwear joke.
Two dwarfs Grumpy and Happy went to Vatican and meet the pope. Grumpy, seems a little worried and he keeps asking the pontiff questions about the church, and in particular, nuns.  "Your Holiness, do you have any really short nuns?"  "No, my son, all our nuns are at least five feet tall."  "Are you sure?  I mean, you wouldn't have any nuns that are, say, about my height?  Maybe a little shorter?"  "I'm afraid not.  Why do you ask?"  "No reason."  Pause.  "Positive?  Nobody in a habit that's about three feet tall or two and a half feet tall?"  "I'm sure."  "Okay."  Grumpy looks dejected at this news, and the pope wonders why. So he listens to the dwarfs as they leave the building.  "What'd he say?  What'd he say?"  asks Happy.  Grumpy says, "He said they don't have any."  And the Happy starts shouting, "Grumpy fucked a penguin!  Grumpy fucked a penguin!  Grumpy fucked a penguin!".... 
Two old Jewish men    Two old Jewish men, Sid and Al, are sitting in a Mexican restaurant in  Los Angeles one day. Sid asks Al, "Do you know of any people of our  faith born and raised in Mexico?’     Al replies, "I don’t know, let’s ask our waiter. ’     When the waiter arrives, Al asks, "Are there any Mexican Jews?’     The waiter says, "I don’t know senor, I ask the cooks.     "He returns from the kitchen after a few minutes and says, "No senor, the cook say no Mexican Jews. ’     Al isn’t satisfied and asks, "Are you absolutely sure?’     The waiter, realizing he is dealing with "Gringos" replies, "I check once again, senor!’and goes back into the kitchen.     While  the waiter is away, Sid says, "I find it hard to believe that there are  no Jews in Mexico. Our people are scattered everywhere. ’     The waiter returns and says, "Senor, the head cook Tom say there is no Mexican Jews. ’     "Are you certain?" Al asks again.     "I just can’t believe there are no Mexican Jews!’     "SENOR, I ask EVERYONE, " replies the exasperated waiter, "All we have is Orange Jews, Grape Jews, Prune Jews, and Tomato Jews.             
Three Catholic men go to their local priest... They ask the priest, "Father, how can we earn our place in Heaven?"  The priest responds, "Each of you, go commit a sin tonight; tomorrow, return here, confess your sin to me, and I will give you some holy water to drink. Do this and you will be saved."  Pleased with this answer, the three men go off and return the next day.  The priest approaches the first one. "Son, what sin have you committed?"  "Father, I stole some money from the donation jar at work."  "Very well, go drink from the holy water, and you will be saved."  So the first man goes off and drinks from the holy water. The priest asks the second man, "son, what sin have you committed?"  "Father, I cheated on my wife last night."  "Very well, go drink from the holy water, and you will be saved."  So the second man goes and drinks from the holy water. Finally, the priest askes the third man, "son, what sin have you committed?"  "I peed in the holy water!"
Why are Catholics against abortion? Because no one likes having their toys taken away.
A Mexican guy, a black guy, and a Jewish guy are arguing in a bar... about their sexual prowess. Eventually, they decide the only way to settle the argument is with a bet - whoever can make their wife scream the longest wins.   The next day they come back to the bar, and the Mexican guy says, "Lo siento, amigos - but I won this bet. I went home and fucked my wife so fast and dirty she screamed for 90 minutes."  The black guy laughs and says, "That's it? I went home and gave my baby mama the jungle lovin' long stroke and she scream for three hours."  Now it was the Jewish guy's turn. He shrugged and grinned. "I went home and fucked my wife for eight, maybe ten minutes. Then I pulled out and shot my load all over the curtains. She was still screaming when I left to come back to the bar."
I used to get nervous in the men's locker room because Catholic priests might be watching me and then I relaxed when I remembered I'm 30 years too old for them.
What do Catholic Priests and Target have in common? They often have little boy's pants half off.
How does the Pope buy things online He uses Papal.
A Muslim man and his Muslim wife were at a zoo They see a whole group of people attempting to kill a gorilla who was holding a child.   The wife turns to her husband and said "Oh no, this is immoral and horrid!"  The husband then looks at her and said "It's Harambe."
A Jewish man dies and goes to hell... He’s greeted by the devil as soon as he gets there. “Welcome!” The devil has a massive grin on his face, puts his arm around the guy and starts to show him Hell. “Over here you see we have a multitude of mansions for you to pick from, or create any kind of living space you so dream of. In hell, you can do anything! Literally whatever you desire will be yours.” They walk past a set of giant doors. You can hear tons and tons of blood curdling screaming, see the smoke billowing, and smell the brimstone. “What’s behind that door?” The Jewish man asks.   “Oh that’s the Christians, that’s just how they want it for some reason.”
A Muslim guy's girlfriend was killed for eating pork RIP Haram bae
Whats the difference between a jew and Santa? The direction they take through the chimney.
What do a Christmas tree and a Catholic priest have in common? Their balls are just for decoration
Jesus promised the end of wicked people. Thor promised the end of frost giants. I don't see many frost giants.
What do you call an Amish man with his hand up a horse's butt? A mechanic.
There was a wealthy Jew who owned a nail company. His only son had just graduated from college and the father wanted to get him involved in the company. He initially farmed the young man out to each of the departments; first research &amp; development, then manufacturing, then sales, and in each the son was a dismal failure. Determined to find a place for his offspring, the father decided that his son needed his own project.  So the father placed his son in charge of the new advertising campaign. He told him that he would have no supervision and that any and all resources which he needed would be placed at his disposal. The son was elated and immediately set off to make his father proud.  Four weeks later the son proudly proclaimed, "I have finished!" and he and his father went out to examine the first product of the new campaign: a billboard.  As they drove to the sight, the son explained how he had been blocked until a sudden insight had leaped into his head. They turned the corner and to the father's horror the billboard portrayed Christ on a cross with the caption: "Even Then They Used Goldberg Nails."  The father explained to the son that they couldn't portray Christ on a cross as it might offend their Christian clients. Dejected, the son said that he would fix the problem and report back to his father.  One week later the son again exclaimed that he was "finished," and took his father off to see the billboard. Sure enough, Christ was no longer on the cross; he was lying at the base of the cross and the caption read:  "This Wouldn't Happen With Goldberg Nails"   
"Dad if the Jews believe in heaven why do they care about money so much"? "Well son, the jews gather shekels so relentlessly because they hope to purchase the afterlife from god, and then evict him from the property".
What does a Jewish beermaker do? He brews
I met a Jewish girl and she asked me for my number I told her we use names here
Whats the easiest way to get a Jewish girls number? Roll up her sleeve.
You know how Popeye has muscles of steel? Which muscle does he have that never rusts? The one that he dips into Olive Oyl.
3 Catholic Women Three elderly Catholic women are sitting around having coffee in the German countryside. after much talk, the subject gets around to their sons. They are all clearly proud of their sons and one of the women starts bragging about how pious her's is.  "My son works as a priest in Hamburg's larges church. He is constantly praised by his Bishop, and when the Hamburg folk see him they address him as 'your holiness".  The second woman gives a smug smirk and then says  "Well, MY son is a VERY prestigious Cardinal who has been a Bishop for many years and is even being considered for pope in the future. When he walks the Vatican the Roman folk call him 'my greatness"  The last woman takes her time as she takes a rather long sip out of her coffee. after becoming impatient the first woman says "tell us about your son!" to the last woman.  The last woman sets her cup down while grinning ear to ear.  "Well, my son is a part of a very religious printing company in America, he says its called the 'spielen Mädchen' magazine, and I know that the work he does is very pious, because whenever the bishops from there see him they yell 'OH MIEN GOTTEN!"
TIL that Jesus hated fidget spinners. That's because he died for our spins.
An old Jew An old Jew who survived the German concentration camps is living in America. Every Monday he goes to his local convenience store and buys a lotto ticket. One day he hits a winner and wins big. The first thing he buys is a life size statue of Adolph Hitler to put in his living room. His family and friends are shocked. They can't understand his decision and think that he's losing his marbles. Finally his grandson asks him "Grandpa, why did you buy a statute of that horrible man and put it in your living room?" The old Jew gets down on one knee, rolls up his sleeve and replies "well son, old Adolph gave me the winning numbers."
A jewish kid asks his father for $50. The father says, "$40? What do you need $30 for?" 
There was a male pornstar called the Jizz Jesus The ladies couldn't believe his second coming!  Truly, it was a-mayonnaise-ing!
Why did Jesus quit playing hockey? He kept getting nailed to the boards.
If Jesus can walk on water.. Can he swim on land?
Why was Jesus's second coming so hard? Because he just finished his first.  &amp;#x200B;  This joke was created through, "JACK IT FOR JESUS!".  &amp;#x200B;
Why do Jewish people not like Mel Gibson? Because he's a ham.
So Jesus and St. Peter are playing golf... Peter takes a nice clean stroke landing safely on the green, ready for the putt.  Then Jesus comes up to stroke.  Jesus absolutely splits it. It goes directly into a water hazard, where it is then eaten by a fish. "Pay up." Peter begins, but he is interrupted. "Doth Thou doubtest the son of THE LORD?" The fish then jumps up out of the water, which is then swooped up by an eagle. It is then carried until it spits out the ball into the suburb next door. It hits an old lady in the head, restoring her eyesight, then bounces off of a piece of bread, turning it into hundreds of loaves. It then bounces into a cemetery and lands on a grave when a fist suddenly whacks it back into the golf course. It lands almost in the hole. Jesus looks at Peter and snaps his fingers. A perfectly aimed frog rains from the sky and hits it in the hole. Miraculous. Peter looks at Jesus, furious. "Are you gonna play golf or just fuck around? We're playing for money."
If Jesus was real, they wouldn't call it the crucifixion... They would call it the crucifact.
An Amish woman and her daughter were riding in an old buggy, one cold, blustery day... The daughter said to her mother, "My hands are freezing cold."  The mother replied, "Put them between your legs. Your body heat will warm them up."  The daughter did and her hands warmed up.  The next day, the daughter was riding with her boy friend, who said, "My hands are freezing cold."   The girl replied, "Put them between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm them up."   He did and warmed his hands.  The following day, the boyfriend was again in the buggy with the daughter.  He said, "My nose is cold."   The girl replied, "Put it between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm it up."   He did and warmed his nose.  The next day, the boyfriend was again driving with the daughter and he said, "My penis is frozen solid."   The following day, the daughter was driving in the buggy with her mother again and she says to her mother, "Have you ever heard of a penis?"  Slightly concerned, the mother said, "Why, yes. Why do you ask?"  The daughter replies, "They make one heck of a mess when they defrost, don't they?"
What it means to have an Argentinian Pope.            Now you know who to think of every time you say Holy Che. 
What do you call a jewish comedy? A shalom-com. 
Floppy disks are like Jesus They died to become a symbol of saving
My dad's Christian and my mom's jewish and they LOVE recycling... But it's a little awkward for both me and my grandad on ash wednesday. Sadly he didn't survive the holocaust.
Jesus Nationality. One day, 3 men were talking about Jesus. All 3 of them were confused where Jesus actually came from.  One of the men said, "Hes white. There's no doubt that hes white since hes a Jew."  The other man said, "No man, hes black. Jew or not, I believe the guy was black."  The final man said, "I don't know about you guys, but, Jesus was definitely Asian."  After the discussion with no conclusion, they have decided to take a bet. The bet was is that if they die, all 3 would see what Jesus really looks like.  One day, the 3 men die in a car crash and went up to Heaven.  Saint Peter welcomed them and was told about the bet. Peter allowed them to see Jesus.  After more rants and rants, Jesus finally comes up to them and said, "Hola amigos!"
A Jewish family had to put Grandpa in an old-folks home... But there were no beds available at the Jewish one, so against his wishes they put him in the Catholic one across town. After a few days, they went to visit him to see how he was keeping.  They were concerned that he would hate it, but when they asked him how it was he said, "Let me tell you, this was the best thing you could have ever done. I love it here! Everyone is so respectful!"  "What do you mean?" asked his son.  "You see that guy over there?" said Grandpa, and pointed. "He was a surgeon before he retired. Hasn't seen a patient in 30 years, they still call him 'Doctor.' And that one? He was the conductor for a symphony orchestra. Been retired for decades. They still call him 'Maestro.'"  "That's great," said the son.  "And me? I haven't been with a woman since Grandma died, 20 years ago, and they STILL call me 'the fucking Jew!'" 
The Jews run everything - the government, the media, the banks... Israel is an interesting place.
So the Romans made a joke about Jesus Christ... They nailed it.
What's the difference between a Catholic Priest and a Zit? A zit will wait till your twelve years old to come on your face.
A Muslim hailed a London cab He asked the cab driver to turn off the radio because as decreed by his religious teaching he must not listen to music because in the time of the prophet there was no Western style music or radios. The cab driver turned off the radio, stopped the cab and opened the door. The Muslim asked him "What are you doing?"   The cabbie answered, "in the time of the prophet there were no taxis either, so piss off and wait for a camel." 
What type of insects frequent Muslim places of worship? Mosque-itos!
A Romanian, a Jew and a Somali under a tree. A caterpillar gets on the Romanian's shoulder. The Romanian throws the caterpillar at the Jew, the Jew throws the caterpillar at the Somali, the Somali picks up the caterpillar and eats it. Another caterpillar gets on the Romanian, the Romanian throws it at the Jew, the Jew picks it up and ask the Somali: "Do you want to buy a caterpillar?"
I had a Muslim friend in college who was always running late. We called him 9/12. 
A Jewish family is considering putting their grandfather in a nursing home. All the Jewish facilities are completely full so they have to put him in a Catholic home. After a few weeks in the Catholic facility they come to visit grandpa.   "How do you like it here?" asks the grandson.   "It's wonderful. Everyone here is so courteous and respectful," says grandpa.   "We're so happy for you. We were worried that this was the wrong place for you."   "Let me tell you about how wonderfully they treat the residents here," grandpa says with a big smile.   "There's a musician here -- he's 85 years old. He hasn't played the violin in 20 years, and everyone still calls him 'Maestro'!"   "And there's a physician here -- 90 years old. He hasn't been practicing medicine for 25 years and everyone still call him 'Doctor'!"   "And me, I haven't had sex for 30 years and they still call me 'the Fucking Jew'."
Who is the best Jewish cook ? Hitler... 
What's the difference between me and Jesus Christ? I come in under two thousand years.
Technically speaking, Muslim-heaven can't have alcohol or cheeseburgers. So why do they even call it heaven?
What's The Most Offensive Thing You Can Call a Jewish Person? Poor. 
If Jesus died for our sin... who died for our cos and tan? 
Jesus didn’t pay for our sins with cash or credit He used praypal
What do you call a muslim that bites? A mosqueito
Jesus didn’t pay for our sins with cash or credit He used praypal...
Did you hear about the Amish hookers? They sleep with three Mennonite.
An Amish farmer needs to buy a horse. It would need to be a large horse due to all the plowing and pulling wagons. He goes to the local stable to find some of the biggest horses that he has ever seen. He asks the stable man, “ how do you get your horses to grow so large?” The stable man tells him that he castrates all the horses personally. Wow, says the farmer. Are you a Veterinarian? Stable man says “ No, I just take two bricks and slap them together on the horses nuts.” Farmer says, “wouldn’t that hurt?” Guy says “ only when I pinch my fingers!”
Jesus and Moses are having a conversation in heaven... Jesus "Moses, people are starting to lose faith and I don't know what to do about it"  &amp;#x200B;  Moses "Well, the last time you preformed some miracles in person, it really made people gain faith"  &amp;#x200B;  Jesus "Thats a good idea"  &amp;#x200B;  So Jesus and Moses go down to earth to a heavily populated beach.  &amp;#x200B;  Moses says to Jesus "Why don't you try walking on water, Peter had no doubt after seeing that"  &amp;#x200B;  Jesus again states "Thats a grand idea"  &amp;#x200B;  So Jesus begins to walk out on the water but notices that every step still touches the sand at the bottom.  &amp;#x200B;  Jesus looks at Moses "I don't know why it's not working this time around, do you think it's because they stopped believing"  &amp;#x200B;  Moses says "I'm not sure but the last time you did this, you didn't have holes in your feet"
[Dark] Whats the difference between Jesus and a painting? It only takes one nail to hang a painting.
Why was the Jewish kid who transferred to the catholic school suddenly so good at math? He saw the guy stapled to the plus sign and knew they meant business
A Jew, a black man and a gay guy walk into a bar. I don't know what happened next because I don't drink and have never been to a bar.
"The first thing you should know about working in a mortuary," the teacher said as he removed his latex glove and inserted a finger right up the ass of the body on the table, "You can't be squeamish." He then stuck his finger in his mouth. The students grimaced as he motioned for them to line up and do the same.   When the last student had stuck their finger- right up to the knuckle, the teacher insisted- and stuck the finger in their mouth, the teacher said- "The second thing you should know about working in a mortuary is attention to detail. I stuck my middle finger in, but sucked my index finger."   The class was horrified. Some of them threw up.   "The third thing you should know" the teacher said as he picked up his briefcase "is that I don't work here."   &gt;!"And the fourth thing you should know," said the man lying on the table with a smile, "Is that I'm not dead."!&lt;
A Christian, a Muslim, and an Atheist all die A Christian, a Muslim, and an Atheist all die the same day. They all approach the pearly gates where St. Peter awaits them. St. Peter calls the first man up and asks what religion he is.   “I’m a Christian” says the first man.   “Very well, continue on and you will be in room 16, just be really quiet near room 8” said St. Peter  The next man walks up and St. Peter asks what religion he was.   “I am a Muslim” says the man  “Very well, you will be in room 29, just be very quiet around room 8” replies St. Peter  The third and final man walks forth and St. Peter again asks what religion he was.   “I am an Atheist” answers the man   “Very well, you will be in Room 56, just be very quiet around room 8” says St. Peter  The man asks, “If I may, why must I be quiet around room 8?”  St. Peter replies, “Room 8 is where the Catholics are, and they think they’re the only ones here”
A jew walks into a bar and buys it. Also, I'm on a seafood diet. I see food, I eat it. ;)
Catholic Cardinals are... birds of pray, and the way they tweet little boys is sick, an ill Eagle. If I ever catch one robin the dignity of another child, I’ll be a single crow because there will he attempted murder.
Why are Muslims so good at dating? Because they always go out with a bang!
A man dies and finds himself in front of God. He sees Jesus sitting at his right hand and a janitor with a mop sitting to his left. “Who are you?” the man asks the janitor.  &amp;#x200B;  “I’m Cleanliness.”
When Jesus payed for our sins did he use pray pal?
A Jewish Grandmother was at the beach... A Jewish grandmother and her grandson are at the beach. He is playing in the water; she is standing on the shore not wanting to get her feet wet. Suddenly, a huge wave appears from nowhere and crashes directly onto the spot where the boy is wading. The water recedes and the boy is no longer there. He is swept away! She holds her hands to the sky, screams and cries, "Lord, how could you? Haven't I been a wonderful grandmother? Haven't I been a wonderful mother? Haven't I kept a kosher home? Haven't I given to B'nai B'rith? Haven't I given to Hadassah? Haven't I lit candles every Friday night? Haven't I tried my very best to live a life that you would be proud of?"  A voice booms from the sky, "Okay, Okay!"  A few minutes later another huge wave appears out of nowhere and crashes on the beach. As the water recedes, the boy is standing there, smiling, splashing around as if nothing had ever happened. The voice booms again, "I have returned your grandson. Are you satisfied?"  She responds, "He had a hat.....
Two old jewish men are walking down the street When one turns to the other and says: "Moishe, what would you do if you had two houses?" Moishe replies "Izic, you are my best friend, I would give you one of my houses". Several yards later, Izic once again turns to Moishe and asks "Moishe, what would you do if you had two cars?" Moishe once again replies "Izic, you are my best friend, I would give you one of my cars". Several more yards pass, Izic then asks Moishe "what would you do if you had two watches?" Moishe replies " Izic, as I keep telling you, you are my best friend, we have known each other for twenty years, of course I would give you a watch". Even further along their journey Izic once again turns to Moishe "what would you do if you had two chickens?" To which Moishe replies "now piss off will you, you know I've got two fucking chickens".
A teenage girl was at a catholic confession booth... Verry embarrased, she admitted that she had gotten a bit too frisky with her boyfriend the night before.  Now, the priest was relatively new to this position in the church, and didnt know how to correctly assign penance for her actions, so he told her he needed to pray for a minute to hear what God had to say.  After a few minutes the girl was becoming incredibly nervous, assuming that this length of prayer was sure to warrant a heavy punishment. To help ease her racing mind, she poked her head out of the confession booth and waved one of the alter boys to come over.  She then asked him, "How much does the Priest usually give for a blowjob?"  To which the boy replied, "Usually five bucks and a snickers!"
A Jewish kid asked his father for 30$ His father said 20$?, What do you need 10$ for
A Jewish child is playing alone in the dust as suddenly Hitler passes by. "Hello," he says, "are you looking for your parents?"
Why is r/dankchristianmemes so big but not r/dankmuslimmemes? I thought it would've blown up by now.
The Pope In The Airplane The pope is in an airplane doing a crossword puzzle and this guy sitting  next to him is totally taken aback with excitement. He thinks to  himself "I'm pretty good at crosswords maybe he'll ask me to help him  with one of the words."  Sure enough the pope turns to him and says "What is a four letter word for a woman that ends u-n-t?"   The guy thinks for a split second and says "aunt"  "Ah yes," the pope replies. "You wouldn't by chance happen to have an eraser?"  
What's the difference between the New York Jets and New York Jews? New York Jews prevail with all odds against them.
A Jewish guy sat down opposite a Christian man in front of the church, As services began, people walked in and stared down the Jew. They then put *obviously* large bills into the Christian man’s plate. This went on for a few days until the priest decided to help the Jew out. “Son. I don’t really think this is a great place for you to try and collect money. Maybe go in front of a synagogue?”  The Jewish person called across to the Christian guy “Hey Chaim! This Goy is telling us how to run a business!”  Edited dude to Goy as per SaveTheLastDancyForM
Whats the difference between a jew and a canoe? A canoe tips
Why are Catholic priests always referred to as "father"? Because "daddy" would make it too obvious...
There's a new drug called Jesus that a lot of people are injecting, but I've started taking it orally... I'd never take the Lord's name in vein...
So the Pope is very early for his flight. He  asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a  while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since  becoming the pope.   Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so  he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He  pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide.  He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to  radio the chief.   Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."   Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"   Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."   Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"   Cop: "More important, sir."   Chief: "A major politician?"   Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."   Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"   Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
Jewish fishmonger So this man goes to his Jewish fishmonger and says, "All your neighbors praise your smartness and intellect. What's the secret?"  The fishmonger says that he eats 3 fish heads a day. He offers to to  sell the man a fish head for 3 dollars. The man buys 3 fish heads.  Some weeks go by. Then one day the man storms into the fishmongers shop  and exclaims, "You sold my neighbor a whole fish for a dollar and 50  cents. How come you're charging me 3 dollars for a fish head?" The Jew calmly replies, "See, I told you, you're getting smarter already."
Muslim Band I went to see a Muslim Tribute band last night at a Mosque.   They were called "Bomb Jovi" and I thought they were brilliant.   They performed songs like: "Losing my Head over You", "Rocket Launcher Man", "You're Six, you're Beautiful, and you're Mine".   Their last song "Living on a Prayer Mat" almost brought the house down!   Then I heard this Muslim guy saying he had the entire Koran on a DVD.   I was interested, so I asked him, "Can you burn me a copy?"   Well that was when the trouble started.  
What's the difference between a picture of Jesus and Jesus? one is a jpeg and the other is j pegged
Why do Jewish people have big noses? Because the air is free
The Pope walks into a bar Pope: Can you make a bloody mary virgin?  Bartender: i thought that's your business! No need for such crude language.
[Long] A jewish man and his black son decided to rob a bank The jewish man gives his son a shotgun and tells him to shoot anyone he sees except any black people while the jewish man takes the money by blowing up the vault.  So they head over to the bank to attempt the robbery.  The plan goes well with dead bodies and $3,000,000. The jewish man sees a black man in the process of escaping the bank and gives him 5,000$, telling him to flee. When the black son and the black man stepped out the bank, the police were there waiting for the culprits. The police, seeing the money on the black man and the gun with the black son, shoots them both killing them. The police men happy with their success heads back to their department and the jewish man happy with his success goes to the orphanage to buy himself another black son.  Edit: My attempt on a racist joke, what improvements should i make?
What did Jesus say after he went to the bathroom? Holy shit
If Jesus had been a woman... There would be many more very trivial commandments.
Jesus was One of the first scarecrows
I saw so many people begging for money in Tallahassee today. This city is full of panhandlers.
What is the difference between Jesus and a seasoned prostitute? Jesus has only been nailed once.
[NSFW] When I was 12 I was super sad, so I went to the Catholic Church for help... But then I was just fucking depriest
Did you hear about the guy who killed a group of Catholic crows? It was Mass Murder!
Did you hear about the Catholic cat? He got stuck in purrrgatory.
I knew going to a Jewish school would be hard, but World book day was a nightmare. Who knew they weren't fans on Mein Kampf?
A Catholic church is burning down There is a group of choir boys and 2 priest   The priest ask the other priest if they had enough time to save the kids.   He turns around and says "nah fuck em"  The other priest replies " Its gonna be close, might have enough time for a few"
There's a new type of Heroin on the market that's called "Jesus Christ" Finally a way for people to feel good after taking the lord's name in vein
Why isn't Jesus good at playing hockey? He's always getting nailed to the boards.
What's the difference between jesus and a picture of jesus? It only took one nail to hang the picture
Jesus is reborn and wanders through the streets... As he suddenly walks into a group if people enjoying a joint. They offer him to try aswell.  After a few inhales Jesus says: Guys do you know I am Jesus?  The group: Shit duuuude, that is how it is supposed to be...
A priest, a Baptist and a rabbi walk into a bar A priest, a baptist and a rabbi walk into a bar and start getting sloshed.  They decide that they need to test their faith to see which one is the best. They decide the ultimate challenge is to see if they can convert a bear.  So the next day they all go out into the wood to try and meet up again at the bar that night.  The priest comes in with a broken arm and scratches all over his body and smilingly says: "I had to run around the bear and read him the entire Bible but he saw the light and he was converted."  The baptist is on crutches with two broken legs and a broken arm and his head all bandaged. He says: "I had to wrestle that bear to the ground and baptize him in the stream but he saw the light and he was converted, hallelujah!"  Then the Rabbi gets wheeled in in a full body cast. He says: "Ya know, in retrospect, I probably shouldn't have started with circumcision."
How would Jesus die if he was born in Detroit? In a crossfire.
Amish lady Amish lady going down the road in her buggy when a bolt fell out of the slow moving vehicle sign on back. A local law officer pulled up behind here and noticed the sign was about ready to fall off so he pulled her over. he went up to here and explained the situation  and as he was leaving he noticed the reins for the horse were caught on the horses balls. so he suggested she fix that also.   When she got home she told here husband about the sign and then said   the officer thought you should check the Emergency Brake
I spent the night at an Amish hotel, and to avoid oversleeping I had them send me a wake\-up letter for 7 am.
A Jew walks into a church during services, and begins to pray He puts on his tallis (a Jewish garb for praying), takes out a prayerbook, and recites the beginning of the traditional service. A clergyman notices the Jew, and, bewildered, says, "Will all non-christians please leave."  The Jewish man just continues his prayer, not paying any attention to the clergyman. Taken aback, the clergyman repeats his sentence with a more commanding tone: "Will all non-christians please leave."  The Jew continues to daven, agitating the clergyman. Getting extremely impatient, he walks right up to the Jew and says, "Will all *Jews* please leave."  The Jew concedes and says, "Alright, alright, I'll leave. Just let me pack up." He takes off his tallis, puts away his prayerbook, and walks up to two small statues of Jesus and Mary.  Picking up the two statues he says, "It's time to go bubellah, they don't want us here anymore," and exits the building.
Why does the pope shower with his clothes on? Because he doesn’t want to look down on an unemployed. 
What's the slogan for a jewish shoe company? Just jew it.
How come Jesus will never be disappointed in you? Because nobody ever let him down.
How do Jews celebrate Christmas? Install a parking meter on the roof
What do you call a fat Muslim? Mu
What do you get when 500 Jewish mothers convert to Catholicism? Critical Mass.
Jesus at the bar A British guy with a hunch back walks into a bar, he sits down at the end of the bar and looks over and sees a man who looks like Jesus, he calls the bartender over and asks him "excuse me sir is that Jesus over there?", the bartender says "Why yes it is" the British man says bring him one of your finest beers and tell him it's on me"  A little while later a French man with a bum leg hobbled into the bar and struggles to sit down, he looks over and calls the bartender over and asks "excuse me sir is that Jesus over there?" the bartender says "why yes it is" the French man says "bring him a glass of your finest wine and tell him that it's on me"  A little while later a redneck comes in the bar hooting and hollering, he sits down and looks over and calls the bartender over and says "hey is that Gods boy over there?" the bartender says "why yes it is" the redneck says "get him some whiskey and tell him it's on me"  Jesus finishes up his drinks and gets up to leave, before he goes he walks up to the British man with the hunchback and says "For your kindness you are healed" Jesus touches his back and his hunchback completely goes away, after that he turns to French man with the bum leg and says "for your kindness you are healed" Jesus touches the French mans leg and it completely heals allowing him to properly walk  Just then the redneck jumps up and says "Don't you fucking touch me I'm getting disability!"
If Pope's parents would have used a condom... they wouldn't have had to be ashamed today about his comment that abortion is akin to hiring a hitman.
What do you call the Pope’s bathtub? The Holy Sea.
Why don't Baptists have sex standing up? They're afraid it might look like they're dancing.
I went to a crazy Amish strip club. It was bonnetless.
Two Jewish brothers started up a craft beer distillery called He-Brews
Jesus walks into a bar Jesus walks into a bar after a pretty rough day. After a couple hours of whiskey shots the bartender says, "That's it. I'm cutting you off. Water only for you from now on."  Jesus replies back in a sarcastic tone," Oh no. Not water." 
The Pope and a Cardinal run out of a church on fire Cardinal: “What about the children?”  Pope: “Fuck the children!”  Cardinal: “Do you think we have time?”
Did you hear Pope Francis got a new dog? It’s a Holy Shih Tzu!
What's a jewish woman's favorite wine? "I wanna go to Miami"
Did Jesus die a virgin? Of course not!  He got nailed before he died
You know from Jesus’s perspective... I don’t think today would have counted as a “GOOD” Friday....
Jesus is hanging on the cross... He looks down and sees his disciple Peter weeping, and says,  "Come to me my son" Peter approaches a few steps.  "Closer" whispers Jesus. Peter walks right up to the cross, and Jesus leans down and whispers,  "Peter, I can see your House from here!"
Have you ever noticed how in shape Jesus looks on the cross? Cause if you think his abs look shredded, then you should check out his back
What is the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It takes only one nail to hang a picture of Jesus!
What do you call an Elvis Muslim impersonator? Amal Shookup.
A British Jew is waiting to be knighted. He is to kneel before the Queen and recite a sentence in Latin as she taps him on the shoulders with her sword. However, in the excitement of the moment, he panics and forgets the Latin phrase. Thinking fast, he recites the only other foreign phrase that comes to mind, which comes from the Passover Seder:   “Ma nishtana ha layla ha zeh mi kol ha laylot.”  Puzzled, the Queen turns to her advisor and whispers, “Why is this knight different from all other knights?”
Why was jesus so popular with the ladies? Because he was hung like this (holds arms up to mimic crucifixion)
Jesus Saves ... before every checkpoint, or else he has to start all over.
Jesus is up on the cross, he looks to his left and sees the man there is a vegan, the man to his right is listed as a crossfitter... "Well this is going to be the longest night of my life."
What do you call a Muslim expert on Milk? A Milk Sheikh
If Mary gave birth to Jesus and Jesus is the lamb of God..... Does that mean Mary have a little lamb? 
What do you call a Canadian Muslim? A mooslim
What is the difference between a jew and a pizza? The pizza doesn't scratch the furnace walls.
Why doesn't Jesus trust mankind? Because he keeps getting tricked by shittymorph
What's the difference between girl scouts and jews? Girls scouts sell baked goods. Jews are baked goods.
The 7 Dwarves and the Pope The seven dwarfs woke up one day and they were all excited because they got to go see the Pope that day.  So they got to the Vatican and pushed Dopey up to the pope and said, "Ask him , ask him!" Dopey asked, "Pope, are there any nuns in Alaska?" and the Pope said, "Ya there are some nuns there!" but Bashful stood and said, "No, ask him the real question!"  So Dopey asked the Pope, "Are there any black nuns in Alaska?" And the Pope said, "Yes, there are some black nuns in Alaska!" but Doc jumped up and said, "Ask him the real question before you get 6 ass whoopings!"  So Dopey asked the Pope, "Are there any black, midget nuns in Alaska?" and the Pope thought, and the Pope thought, and he said, "No, Dopey I'm sorry there aren't!"  Dopey turned the other way looking very disappointed to see the other 6 dwarfs dancing and singing childishly saying, "Dopey fucked a penguin! Dopey fucked a penguin!"
How does a radical muslim clean themselves? A bath bomb.
How do you pick up a hot Jew You sweep them into a dust pan. 
Jesus once said, "He who lives by the sword, will die by the sword…" He was a carpenter that died by being nailed to a piece of wood, so he might have had a point…
Whats the difference between a boy scout and a Jew? The boy scouts came home from their camps
A reporter worked in Israel. Every day she'd see the same Jewish man go to the religious "West Wall" three times a day and pray. He didn't miss a prayer in 20 years. A reporter worked in Israel. Every day she'd see the same Jewish man go to the religious "West Wall" three times a day and pray. He didn't miss a prayer in 20 years. One day she approached him and asked what he prays for "In the morning I pray for my family's health, in the afternoon I pray for world peace, and in the evening I pray for an end to suffering" "What's it like to pray 3 times a day for 20 years?" the reporter asked. The Jewish man replied "It's a bit like talking to a brick wall"
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.   Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.   Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."   Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"   Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."   Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"   Cop: "More important, sir."   Chief: "A major politician?"   Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."   Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"   Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
I'm sure everyone is tired of Jewish jokes. Anne Frankly, I don't give a damn. 
My friend said, "Congratulations on your new job. How did you get it?" I said, "The same way the Virgin Mary got Jesus." "A miracle?!" he laughed.  I said, "No. Sex that I can't tell anyone about."
Why did Jesus die on the cross? He forgot the Safety Word.   
How do you confuse a jew? Give him a free pig
What's a Muslims favorite answer on a multiple choice exam? D) Allah the above
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
What do you call Amish electronic music? Notech.
A Jewish businessman decided to send his son to Israel... A Jewish businessman decided to send his son to Israel to absorb some of the culture of the homeland. When the son returned, the father asked him to tell him about his trip. The son said, "Pop, I had a great time in Israel. Oh, and by the way, I converted to Christianity."   "Oh, my," said the father. What have I done?" He decided to go ask his old friend Jacob what to do. Jake said, "Funny you should ask. I too sent my son to Israel, and he also came back a Christian. Perhaps we should go see the rabbi and ask him what we should do." So they went to see the rabbi. The rabbi said, "Funny you should ask. I too sent my son to Israel. He also came back a Christian. What is happening to our young people? The three of them prayed and explained what had happened to their sons and asked God what to do. Suddenly a voice came loud and clear from Heaven. The Voice said, "Funny you should ask. I, too, sent my Son to Israel...
Jesus must have been a real shitty carpenter He couldn't pull out a nail to save his life
The set-up is that this is a Jewish joke: Two gentiles meet on the street.  One says, "How's business?"  The other says, "Great!"  [Told by Jerry Seinfeld on "Norm MacDonald Live"]
What do all Muslim girls want for Christmas? Blow up dolls.
Jesus walks into a hotel He throws 3 nails on the counter and says "put me up for the night"
The Popes driver After getting all of Pope Benedict's luggage loaded into the limo, (and he doesn't travel light), the driver notices the Pope is still standing on the curb  'Excuse me, Your Holiness,' says the driver, 'Would you please take your seat so we can leave?'  'Well, to tell you the truth,' says the Pope, 'they never let me drive at the Vatican when I was a cardinal, and I'd really like to drive today.'  'I'm sorry, Your Holiness, but I cannot let you do that. I'd lose my job! What if something should happen?' protests the driver, wishing he'd never gone to work that morning.  'Who's going to tell?' says the Pope with a smile.  Reluctantly, the driver gets in the back as the Pope climbs in behind the wheel. The driver quickly regrets his decision when, after exiting the airport, the Pontiff floors it, accelerating the limo to 205 kms. (Remember, the Pope is German.)  'Please slow down, Your Holiness!' pleads the worried driver, but the Pope keeps the pedal to the metal until they hear sirens.  'Oh, dear God, I'm going to lose my license -- and my job!' moans the driver.  The Pope pulls over and rolls down the window as the cop approaches, but the cop takes one look at him, goes back  to his motorcycle, and gets on the radio.  'I need to talk to the Chief,' he says to the dispatcher.  The Chief gets on the radio and the cop tells him that he's stopped a limo going 205 kph.  'So bust him,' says the Chief.  'I don't think we want to do that, he's really important,' said the cop.  The Chief exclaimed,' All the more reason!' 'No, I mean really important,' said the cop with a bit of persistence.  The Chief then asked, 'Who do you have there, the mayor?'  Cop: 'Bigger.'  Chief: 'A senator?'  Cop: 'Bigger.'  Chief: 'The Prime Minister?'  Cop: 'Bigger.'  'Well,' said the Chief, 'who is it?'   Cop: 'I think it's God!'  The Chief is even more puzzled and curious, 'What makes you think it's God?'  Cop: 'His chauffeur is the Pope!'  
A UFO landed in the Vatican and the friendly Aliens where greeted by the pope Pope: What a great honour having the first sign of foreign life in the Univers visiting my humble home. Now, let me tell you about our saviour and king in heaven, Jesus Christ, who saved us all and currently we await his return to us.  Alien Leader: Jesus Christ you say? Long hair, beard, always in white clothes and is in his mid-thirties? Sure we know this guy.. great guy! Whenever he visits us he cure our sick, turn some water into wine (great laugh!), show us his walking-on-water-trick and then we throw a great party and serve him pancakes. He pops up every 2 years or so. Anyway, what did you guys do?  Edit: *were
A Jewish man is looking for a job He walks into a metal factory and asks the owner "do Jews work here?" The owner replies "yes, we have many Jewish workers" but the man decides not to apply for the job.  He goes to another factory and again asks the owner "do Jews work here?" The owner replies "yes, our Jewish workers are some of our best!" Again the man decides not to apply at this factory.  Finally he goes to a third factory and asks the owner "do Jews work here?" The owner replies "no, not yet at least." The man asks if there is any job available for him and the owner gladly gives him a job.  A few days go by with the Jewish man going to work.  The owner walks by him but sees that the Jewish man is not on the assembly line but is sitting in the corner, relaxing with his feet back! The owner asks him "what are you doing? Why aren't you working with everyone else?"  The man replies "you told me that Jews don't work here!"
What do you call a Jewish rapper? Dr. Dreidel
Why do Jewish women never make coffee? Because Hebrew
Why did Jesus die on the cross? He forgot his safe word. 
Catholics fail trigonometry because they're afraid of sin Irish people fail trigonometry because they can't tan.  Everyone else fails trigonometry just cos.
What's the difference between a jeweler and a jailer? One sells watches and one watches cells.   Credit to DBZ.   Edit: Not sure why this auto flared to religion....
Why didn't Jesus have any children? He only got nailed by guys ;) 
What is the most ironic thing a Jew can say? I want to be cremated.
In a Catholic school cafeteria...  a nun places a note in front of a pile of apples, "Only take one. God is watching."   Further down the line is a pile of cookies.   A little boy makes his own note, "Take all you want. God is watching the apples."  
Mexican guy: Jesus! Jesus: No, no, Zeus is Greek. I'm Jesus.
A Jewish boy asks his father for some money to go on a date... The boy says "Dad, can I have $50 to take my girlfriend to dinner and a movie?"  The dad says "$30? what do you need $20 for? Fine, here's $10.  Make sure you give me the change back"
Why didn't Jesus play hockey? Because baseball and soccer are much more popular sports in Mexico. 
I could never date a jewish woman Because i believe the jews have suffered enough
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and acne? Acne waits until you're 13 to come on your face
A Muslim walks into abar "Excuse me", said Abar
At the local catholic high school dance, all the DJ's jokes were about me... I was the only person in the punch line.
How do you tell a gay and a straight Jew apart? The gay Jew likes women more than money....  It's bad, I know.
What is Jesus's favorite wine? Evian.
Why do Jewish people have big noses? Air is free.
A rabbi and a Catholic priest walk through a park They pass a little boy. The priest says "Let's fuck him", to which the Rabbi responds:   "Out of what?"
Why didn't Jesus play hockey? He was afraid he would get nailed to the boards 
What's the difference between a Jew and a Canoe? A canoe tips.
Why are people expecting Jesus to return? Someone needs to them he wasn't nailed to a boomerang
Why was the Amish girl excommunicated? Too Mennonite. 
A Catholic, a Jew, and a black man die and enter heaven At the gate the catholic says "I've been a good man all my life, but I faced a lot of discrimination. What do I have to do to get in heaven?"  St. Petersberg says "that's easy, all you have to do is spell one word"  "Which word?"   "God"  'G-O-D' the catholic spells out and gets into heaven.  The Jew approaches and says "I've been a good man all my life, but I dealt with a lot of discrimination in my life. What do I have to do to get in heaven?"  St. Petersberg says "that's easy, all you have to do is spell one word"  "Which word?"   "God"  'G-O-D' the Jew spells out and gets into heaven.  Finally, the black man approaches and says "I've been a good man all my life, but I have faced nasty discrimination because of my skin color. What do I have to do to get in heaven?"  St. Petersberg says "Don't worry, there is no discrimination here. All you have to do is spell one word"  "Which word?"   "Czechoslovakia"
A Bostonian shooter opens fire on a Catholic meeting, killing 28 and injuring dozens more. The newspaper headline the next day reads:  "A Massive Massacre Occurs at Mass in Massachusetts."
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew? Boy Scouts come back from camp. 
A Jew, a Catholic and a Polack are interviewing for a detective position at the Police station All three are interviewed individually but asked the same line of questions At the end of the Jew's interview the interviewers asked him one last question "Who do you think killed Jesus?" "Easy, the Catholics" "Ok, thank you sir, we'll be in touch" At the end of the Catholics interview, the same question: "Who do you think killed Jesus?" "Obviously the Jews" "Ok, thank you sir, we'll be in touch" Lastly, as they finished the Polack's interview they asked again: "Who do you think killed Jesus?" The Polack stopped for a second, thought it over "Hmm can I get back to you on that?" The interviewers, obviously taken aback told him yes and he went home.  He arrived home to his wife anxiously awaiting his arrival.  "How did the interview go?!" "Great!! They've already got me working on a case! Looking for some guy named Jesus"
What is jesus' favorite kind of gun? A nail gun
What do you call a Jew who didn't go to Synagogue on Yom Kippur? Fake Jews.
What part of the body do Muslims always cover until it's used? The self destruction button 
Joseph decided that it was time to tell Jesus the truth. Joseph went to Jesus one day and told him, “Son, I’m not your father.”  Shocked Jesus asked, “Well who is my real dad then?”   Joseph replied, “ Son your real father is God.”  “No way!”, he replied  “ Yahweh”, said Joseph. 
3 hours in the crucifixion of Jesus one of his disciples, Andrew, is wandering the streets of Jerusalem still trying to fathom what just happened with no specific end destination Andrew just walks around in a somewhat foggy state of mind. Suddenly he hears a distant and very silent cry:  "Andreeeeew..."  First he thinks it´s his own mind playing tricks with him or maybe somehow just the wind but then he hears it again..:  "Andreeeew..."  It sure sounds like.... could it be?.... is this?... Is this my lord, master and savior, Jesus Christ, calling my name from the cross with his maybe last breaths!?  Still not convinced he starts moving towards Golgatha and few moments later he hears it again, this time slightly louder:  "Andreeeewwwww...."  By now Andrew is convinced and with no more hesitation and disbeliefs he starts running as fast as he can towards his lord. As in a panic state Andrew stumbles several times in his flip flops, falls to the ground, gets up again paying no attention to his bruises. He collide with several pedestrians and animals but he does not stop for anything. As Andrew gets closer and closer to Golgatha the cry gets louder and louder:  "Andreeeeeeeewwwwwww!"  After what felt like a marathon in distance and time Andrew finally reach the top of Golgatha and throws himself in the dust by Jesus´s cross. After a few moments catching his breath he looks up at Jesus and yells:  "MY LORD, MY SAVIOR! I am here!" Still breathing heavily Andrew just need an extra moment before he continues. "Please tell me why you summoned me in this moment of pain and agony? I will do anything you demand of me, tell me what to do and I will do you bitting!" With tears in his eyes Andrew, still on his knees and hands folded, keeps looking at Jesus waiting for his bitting.   "ANDREEEEEEEWWWWWW!!.... I can see your house from here."   Edit: English is not my 1st language.. 
A Catholic priest was drowning...... A Catholic priest was drowning in a ocean when suddenly a boat supported and asked the priest " do you need some help? You are drowning!""  He replied "No thank you God will save me"  Then another boat came and asked the priest " do you need some help? You are drowning!"  He replied "No thank you God will save me"  Then the priest died and asked God " God I believed in you why didn't you save me?"  To which god replied "I sent you 2 boats you dummy"
One Sunday St Peter looks down from Heaven and calls out to Jesus "Look!" he says. "Father O'Malley is golfing on Sunday!"    Jesus smiles and holds out his hands in blessing. Moments later the Father drives off the first tee and holes in one. When the Father retrieves his ball and goes to the second tee, Jesus again holds out his hands in blessing and the Father holes out again. He goes to the third tee, a long par five where he shouldn't even be able to carry the green, but Jesus blesses him for the third time and the ball goes straight into the hole.    St Peter say, "Lord, have we then dispensed with the Commandment: *Remember the Lord's Day, and keep it holy* ?"    "No," says Jesus, with eyes that crinkle in a blend of mercy and justice, "but who is poor O'Malley ever going to be able to tell?"
A Sunday school teacher is concerned that his students might be a little confused about Jesus, so he asks his class, "Where is Jesus today?"   Steven raises his hand and says, "He's in Heaven."   Mary answers, "He's in my heart."   Little Johnny waves his hand furiously and blurts out, "He's in our bathroom!"   The surprised teacher asks Little Johnny how he knows this.   "Well," Little Johnny says, "every morning, my father gets up, bangs on the bathroom door and yells   'Jesus Christ, are you still in there?!'"
At St. Peter's Catholic Church in Toronto , they have weekly husband's marriage seminars. At the session last week, the priest asked Giuseppe, who said he was approaching his 50th wedding anniversary, to take a few minutes and share some insight into how he had managed to stay married to the same woman all these years.   Giuseppe replied to the assembled husbands, "Wella, I'va tried to treat her nicea, spenda da money on her, but besta of all is, I tooka her to Italy for the 25th anniversary!"   The priest responded, "Giuseppe, you are an amazing inspiration to all the husbands here! Please tell us what you are planning for your wife for your 50th anniversary?"   Giuseppe proudly replied, " I gonna go pick her up."
One day Jesus is helping St. Peter at the Gates to Heaven when an old man approaches.  One day Jesus is helping St. Peter at the Gates to Heaven when an old man approaches.   "What have you done to enter Paradise?" Jesus asks.   "Me?" replies the old man, "not much, I am just a simple carpenter but my son makes me worthy."   "Your son?" asks Jesus   "Yes, my son. He was born under remarkable circumstances and underwent a miraculous transformation. He was loved by many and continues to be loved to this very day. His name will never be forgotten."   Jesus approaches the man and hugs him tightly, "Father!"   The old man hugs him back, "Pinocchio?" 
Why does Jesus hates playing video games? Because it takes him three days to respawn
What do all Amish women want? 2 men a night
Why do Jews practice circumcision? They can't resist 10% off.
What do you call an awesome Jewish lawyer? A Sue Goy
What is Popeye’s favorite thing to eat? Olive Oil
I wonder if Jesus ever took a really really big poop, turned around and was like "holy shit!"
What do you call an Amish man with his hand buried in a horse's ass? A mechanic.
Why did baby Jesus get cancer? Because instead of giving him just one myrrh, one of the wise men gave him two myrrh.
What do Muslims order when no other Muslims are around? Salami steak-um.
Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all the Jews had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a huge outcry from the Jewish community, so the Pope offered a deal. He'd have a religious debate with the leader of the Jewish community... If the Jews won, they could stay in Italy; if the Pope won, they'd have to convert or leave.  The Jewish people met and picked an aged and wise Rabbi to represent them in the debate.  However, as the Rabbi spoke no Italian, and the Pope spoke no Hebrew, they agreed that it would be a 'silent' debate.  On the chosen day, the Pope and the Rabbi sat opposite each other.  The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers.  The Rabbi looked back and raised one finger.  Next, the Pope waved his finger around his head.   The Rabbi pointed to the ground where he sat.  The Pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine.  The Rabbi pulled out an apple.  With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that the Rabbi was too clever.   The Jews could stay in Italy!  Later the cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened.   The Pope said, "First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity. He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there is still only one God common to both our beliefs. Then, I waved my finger around my head to show him that God was all around us. He responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us. Finally, I pulled out the wine and wafer to show that God absolves us of all our sins. He pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin. He bested me at every move and I could not continue!"  Meanwhile, the Jewish community gathered to ask the Rabbi how he had won.   "I don't have a clue!!!" the Rabbi said.  "First, he told me that we had three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him the finger. Then he tells me that the whole country would be cleared of Jews, so I told him that we were staying right here."  "And then what?" asked a woman.   "Who knows!!" said the Rabbi. "He took out his lunch, so I took out mine!"
Why is the catholic church a pimp entity? Because they are always singing av' a maria  &amp;#x200B;  I'll see myself out again
What planet follows Jesus ? The Jew Peter
Why did Jesus have a note above his cross? It was the passive aggression of the Christ.
I like my women to be like Jesus Getting nailed in three places.
How many Jesuses does it take to change a lightbulb? #None. He is the light of the world.
Jesus and Saint Peter are playing golf... ...and a group has been trying to play through for the last few holes.  Jesus and Saint Peter come up to a hole with a water hazard right through the middle of the fairway. Saint Peter is up first, and says, "I'm going to play this just like Arnold Palmer, and hit it right up to the water's edge, then over and onto the green." He lines up his shot, and just as he said, right up to the water's edge, on the fairway.  Jesus says, "Yeah, well, I'm gonna play this just like Tiger Woods, and hit it straight over the water." He swings, and *splash* right into the water.  Jesus laughs, turns to Saint Peter, and says, "Hey, I don't need to take a drop, I'll just go get my ball!"  As he walks towards the water to find his ball, one of the players trying to play through walks up to Saint Peter and says, "Who does that guy think he is, Jesus Christ?!"  Saint Peter replies, "No, Tiger Woods."
What fitness plan did Jesus manage to stick to? Crossfit
How do we know Jesus didn't like his vegetables? John 14:27 Peas I leave with you; my peas I give you.
Jesus walks into a bar Bartender: Can I get you something to drink?  Jesus: Can I have water please?  Bartender: Jesus, Enough of your B.S. I will charge you corkage for that. 
How does a Muslim close a door? I-Slams it
A Jewish man on the subway is reading an Arab newspaper A friend of his, who happened to be riding in the same subway car, noticed this strange phenomenon. Very upset, he approached him. "Moshe, have you lost your mind? Why are you reading an Arab newspaper?" Moshe replied, "I used to read the Jewish newspaper, but what did I find? Jews being persecuted, Israel being attacked, Jews disappearing through assimilation and intermarriage, Jews living in poverty. So I switched to the Arab newspaper. Now what do I find? Jews own all the banks, Jews control the media, Jews are all rich and powerful, Jews rule the world. The news is so much better!" 
Why do all bartenders hate Jesus Christ? Because all he orders is cups of water and then drinks for free.
Nobody knew Jesus' twin brother. Until Easter. 
The Pope and Kim Jong Un were having a meeting in a 20 story building. During a break the two leaders made a bet about the loyalty of their guards.  First, the Pope called his guard Dave into the room, opened the window and said, "Dave, jump down."  Dave replied in tears, "Your Holiness, how could you do this to me? I have a wife and a son."  The Pope explained that he was only joking, and let Dave out.  Then Kim Jong-Un called his guard Lee, and told him to jump. Lee started running toward the window.  The Pope grabbed him and said, "Are you crazy? You will die if you jump!"  Struggling, Lee replied, "Let me go! I have a wife and a son!"
In my house hold Jesus had a middle name Jesus Fucking Christ
The children were lined up in the cafeteria of a Catholic elementary school for lunch. At the head of the table was a large pile of apples.   The nun made a note, and posted on the apple tray, "Take only one. God is watching."  Moving further along the lunch line, at the other end of the table was a large pile of chocolate chip cookies.   One child whispered to another, "Take all you want.  God is watching the apples."
Four Catholic ladies are having coffee together, discussing how important their children are. The first one tells her friends, "My son is a priest. When he walks into a room, everyone calls him "Father."  The second Catholic women chirps, "Well, my son is a Bishop. Whenever he walks into a room, people say, "Your Grace."  The third Catholic woman says smugly, "Well, not to put you down, but my son is a cardinal. Whenever he walks into a room, people say, "Your Eminence."  The fourth Catholic women sips her coffee in silence. The first three women give her a subtle "Well...?"  She replies, "My son is a charismatic, 6'2", hard-bodied male stripper. Whenever he walks into a room, people say, "My God." 
Jesus saves! But Aguero scores the rebound. 
Why don't Baptists make love standing up? It might lead to dancing.
A drunken man staggers in to a Catholic church and sits down in a confession box and says nothing. The bewildered priest coughs to attract his attention, but still the man says nothing. The priest then knocks on the wall three times in a final attempt to get the man to speak. Finally, the drunk replies: "No use knocking' mate, there's no paper in this one either."
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight.    He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  &gt;Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."   &amp;#x200B;
How does the Pope pay for things online? Papal
Jesus said 'Love they neighbour'... but one of the ten commandments is 'thou shalt not sleep with thy neighbour's wife', so this puts me in a bit of a predicament.
How do you fit six million jews in a clown car? Stuff them in the ash tray like a cigarette butt
Jesus, Moses, and an old man go golfing. The first one to tee off is Moses. He smashes the ball and it is heading right for the water hazard before the green. Moses raises his club, the water parts, and the ball makes it to the green.  Jesus gets up to swing, cranks it out, and it is headed for the water hazard. Jesus closes his eyes and prays. The ball skips across the water and lands on the green two feet from the hole.  The old man's turn comes and he drives the ball. The ball looks like it is going to drop directly into the water.  A fish jumps from the water hazard swallowing the ball, as an eagle drops from the sky, grabbing the fish. As the eagle flies over the green, a bolt of lightning strikes the eagle, making it drop the fish. As the fish hits the green, it spits out the ball and the ball falls into the hole, making a hole in one.  Jesus looks at Moses and says, "I really think I'm leaving Dad at home next time!"
Moses, Jesus and an old man are golfing together... when they play a water hazard Moses says "that's too wide to walk around" and starts chanting and waving his arms. Suddenly there is thunder and lightening and the waters part, and Moses walks across. When he gets to the other side he says "God is all powerful!".   When it's Jesus' turn He looks up and prays. Heavenly music can be heard and a golden shaft of light shines on him as he walks, on top of the water, to the other side. When back on dry land He says "God is great!".  When it's the old man's turn he removes his shoes and socks, rolls his pant legs up below the knee and walks easily through the shallow water. When he joins his 2 companions on the other side he says, "Goddamn show-offs".
A Jewish son asks his dad for 8000 dollars to buy a bitcoin. The dad replies, "7000 dollars?! What do you need 6000 dollars for?!" 
A Jewish kid asked his dad for $20... Dad: What? 15 bucks?! That’s a lot of money, what do you need $10 for? Fine!! Here’s the $5.
The first Jewish President of the United States is elected. The night before the inauguration he calls his mother.   "Mom, I'd love for you to come visit and stay with me during the inauguration and for a few days."   "Oh I don't know, airfare is so expensive these days."   "Mom, I'll fly you out on Air Force One!"  "Oh, but you know, cab fare is ridiculous."  "Mom, the Presidential motorcade will drive you here."  "But accommodations, especially during the inau---"  "MOM!! I'll put you in the Lincoln bedroom itself!!"  She reluctantly agrees, hangs up and starts talking to her friend.    "Who was that?"  "My son."  *gasp* "The doctor??"  "No, the other one."
Why does everyone think jesus is coming back anyway? He wasn't nailed to a boomerang..
Jesus celebrated each birthday on Christmas... ... imagine the amount of presents he must have gotten!
What do you call a group of running Jews? Smoke
Of all of the women living in the abbey, how many of them are Protestant? Nun! 
Why did Mary become rich after giving birth to Jesus? She made a prophet!
A young jewish man was going to the beach with his wife and kids. His wife says to him that he should invite his mother to join them, but he protests. "Your mother is always alone after your pops died, would you want your children to treat you the same way?"  He eventually gives in "Allright allright, ill ask her", and goes on to call his mother.  "Mom, Sarah and I are going to the beach with the kids, you should come with us."  "Me? to the beach? I cant go the beach, I don't have a bathing suit."  "Well go get a bathing suit then."  "At my age? I've only got a few years left till I'm dead, it would be a waste to buy a new bathing suit now."  "Mom! just go buy a bathing suit, I don't have time for this right now."  "Allright allright! I'll get a bathing suit, such a temper young man, you are just like your father."  The old woman goes to a sporting goods store to buy a new bathing suit but all the bathing suits are very expensive in her opinion. She looks and looks for the least expensive bathing suit and finally she finds a discount bin with bathing suits for only 5$ each. "Do you have one of these in my size?" she asks a nearby female employee.  "Well yes probably but.. these are g-strings, they are very revealing."  The old woman grabs one of the suits and notices that the bottoms have a lace-thin string. She holds it up in amazement.  "People wear these?"  "Well yes.. a lot people do. Personally I would not wear one of these, but I'm very self conscious." The young female replies.  "I can see why they are cheap, there is hardly any fabric! O, well. I will only be on this earth for a few more years. This will do for a few years, ill take one."  The old woman goes home, changes into her new bathing suit and gets on the bus to meet her son and his family on the beach. As she rides the bus she notices people giving her strange looks. It crosses her mind that perhaps she should have spent money on a proper bathing suit. But then again, the lady at the store said a lot of people wear these, why cant she?  As she arrives at the beach she notices even more strange looks. She see's her son and his family who are already set up at the beach. She starts walking towards them and as they notice her walking they all look up wide eyed. Her son turns away and covers his eyes.  "Mom!, What are you wearing!? What on earth are you wearing!?" He exclaims.  "What is the matter with you, cant I wear a modern bathing suit? The girl at the store said a lot of people wear these. You are such a chauvinist! Just like your father!"  The old woman is a little surprised that her son would be so distraught about the bathing suit and in an attempt to further explain she also adds:  "Besides.. these were the only ones on sale at the store!"  As her son stands grunting, her 12 year old granddaughter runs up and whispers loudly at the old woman.  "Grandma! The string is supposed to go in the back!"
Jesus loves you... A wonderful thing to hear in church.  In a Mexican prison...not so much.
An old Jewish man wins the lottery... An old Jewish man wins the lottery.   He invites his whole family to his home to celebrate the wonderful occasion. As his family is eating around the dinner table, the old man taps his fork against his Manichevitz glass to get everyone's attention. He looks out at the sea of faces around his dinner table, before smiling and speaking.  "I want each and every one of you to know that this is not MY money. This is OUR money. I promise that every one of you will see a piece of this. Shmuley, you're getting that car you've needed since the old one died and Ruth, you're going to take that trip to Italy that you always had to put off."  The table cheers with some people wiping away tears of joy.   "That being said, this all has to come after I've repaid a debt which is owed."   The table goes quiet as the old man's son get's up and puts his hand on his father's shoulder. "Dad, why didn't you tell us you were having money problems? We could have helped you!"  The old man shakes his head while placing his hand atop his son's.   "That's not it. You see, I've decided that I'm giving half of the money to the American Nazi Party."  The table looks at the man flabergasted before people start cursing and screaming and getting up to leave his house. The old man just barely gets ahead of them to block the door.  "PLEASE, WAIT! YOU HAVE TO UNDERSTAND" the old man says as he starts rolling his sleeve and revealing his Holocaust tattoo. "THEY GAVE ME THE WINNING NUMBERS!" 
What do you call a Muslim who's always late? 9/12.
An Amish man and his son are exploring a department store They look on in amazement at all the items available in all the different departments. As they venture further into the store, the man and his son come across an elevator. The man stares in bilwilderment at what this strange machine does when an old, obese woman in a electronic wheelchair scoots by, pushes the button and enters the lift. The man and his son watch on in confusion as the doors swallow the woman and elevator begins to hum.   Within a few minutes there is a loud "ding" as the lift open its doors and the jaw of the man drops as a hot, sexy blonde strides out and smiles as she passes. The man turns to his son astounded and says "..Go get your mother".
What do you call a Muslim who's always late? 9/12
Jesus died for our sins. *But he was only dead for 3 days* .  So what did he sacrifice?  *His weekend.*   **Jesus gave up his weekend for our sins**
Jewish Rabbis don't get paid for circumsion... They just get tips
[OC] Why did only one of Jesus's disciples betray him? There wasn't enough wood for a double cross.  *badum tsssss*
Who invented the Muslim Tesla? Islam Mosque.
What’s the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit? A zit will wait until you’re twelve before it comes on your face.
I met a Jewish girl and she asked for my number. I told her that we use names around here.
What does the Jewish man say after he gets hit by a Volkswagon? Ow-schwitz.  Budumpchhhhh    Thank you, ill be here all week. 
The pope visits the USA On his arrival at the airport there is a big  limousine waiting for him, he gets in and they drive off. After a while the pope confesses to the driver: "I am a big limousine fan and always wanted to drive one, do you think we can switch and you let me drive for a while?" The driver feels like he can't say no, its the pope afterall and they switch.   The pope begins to drive like crazy testing the limousines ability and speed. It doesn't take long and a police officer makes them pull over, he approaches the driver window and can't believe who is sitting there.  Not knowing what to do he calls the Sherrif: "Sir, I pulled over someone that was driving like crazy, but I don't think I can give him a ticket, he is a very important person!"   The sherrif responds: "Give him a ticket, he can't be more important than me, the sherrif." To which the officer responds: "I think he might be more important than you, sir". "So, is he more important than the Chief of Police?" "Yes sir." the officer confirms. "More important than the President of the united states?!" Hesitant the officer replies: "He might be!" Now the sherrif yells: "So who the hell is he officer?" To which he responds: "I don't know sir, but the pope is his driver" 
Meanwhile at a catholic church... “We pray you Saint Anne...”  The devil appears: “Oh, it’s you guys again. For Pete’s sake stop calling me if you don’t mean it and at least pronounce my name right.”  (Made this up myself, still giggling...) 
A Jew, an African-American, and a redneck are walking along a beach.... ... when they come across a lantern. They all grab it and as they are wrestling over it a genie pops out. He says, "This is unusual. Normally I give one person three wishes, but all three of you are holding my lantern. What I'll do is grant each of you one wish."  The Jewish guy steps forward and says, "I know exactly what I want. I want all my Jewish brothers and sisters to be living in Israel and at peace with their Arab neighbors."  "Done"   The genie blinks his eyes and the Jewish guy vanishes. The African-American guy steps forward, "I know what I want too. I want all my African-American brothers and sisters to be back in the motherland, prospering and enjoying all the continent had to offer."  "Done"   Poof, and he vanishes too. Then he turns to the redneck who scratches his chin and says, "Let me get this right. All dem black folks is backs in Africas and dem joos are backs in iz-real?"  "Yep"  "Shoot, just give me a Bud."
A catholic priest is praying “...I pray you Saint Anne...”  Suddenly the devil appears: “Oh, it’s you again. For Pete’s sake stop calling me if you don’t mean it and at least pronounce my name right.”  The priest shouts: ”Go away satan.”  St. Anne appears: ”You want me to leave you? Gees, at least you could pronounce my name right.”  The priest takes a piece of paper and writes using the sacramental wine:  “I command you Satan, leave my church.”  Dyslexic Santa appears:  “Stop wasting the good wine! And what the fuck you have against me?”  
What does a Jewish girl call her non Jewish boyfriend. A goy toy.
A lawyer and the pope go to heaven... A lawyer and the pope were both killed in an accident.   The two were in line to see St. Peter at the Pearly Gates.  St. Peter asked the lawyer his name and looked it up in his book.  He then asked the Pope for his name and looked it up in his book also.  "Now, if you will come with me, I will show you your eternal dwellings," said St. Peter.  They walked along the clouds and came to a huge mansion with all sorts of lavish trappings.  St. Peter turned to the lawyer and told him this was to be his house.  The Pope, knowing how important he was to the church could hardly imagine what his house would be like.  St. Peter and the Pope continued on to a small, beat-up wooden shack.  St. Peter told the Pope that this would be his dwelling.  The Pope, shocked, said to St. Peter, "Just a minute!"  That other guy was a lawyer and he gets a mansion.  I was the head of the Roman Catholic church, and this is all the reward I get?"  St. Peter looked at the Pope and said "True, you have done great things. But we have lots of Popes in Heaven, and that guy was the first lawyer ever to make it up here."
I don’t know why Jews have the reputation of being so successful... You never hear about a single one bringing home the bacon 
What did Jesus say on Easter Sunday? April Fools...I’m not dead!!
It's difficult to have Jesus as a basketball referee... You'll be penalized just for doing a crossover.
A priest, a pastor, and a rabbi are sitting together and talking in a park when Jesus walks by. The priest asks Him, "Are you really Jesus Christ?" He replies, "Yes, I am. How can I help you?" The priest says, "Well, Lord, I was involved in a very bad car accident a few years ago. Ever since then, I've been in severe pain. I can't stand up straight, and I'm unable to walk without this cane. Can you heal me?" Jesus reaches out to the priest, places His hand on his shoulder, and says, "You are healed, my son." The priest stands up, throws away his cane, and jumps around; "I haven't felt this great in years! Thank you, Jesus!"  The pastor next says to Him, "Jesus, for years I have had a bad case of psoriasis. My skin has been getting worse over time, and the pain is becoming unbearable. Can you heal me, too?" Jesus reaches out to the pastor, places His had on his shoulder, and says "You are healed, my son." The pastor's skin immediately clears up and is now smooth and soft; "Praise the Lord! My skin looks great now, and I'm no longer in pain! Thank you, Jesus!"  Jesus turns to the rabbi and reaches out his hand. The rabbi immediately reels back and yells, "Don't touch me! I'm on disability!"
If Christians are children of God, and Jesus is His only Son Then all Christians are female, daughters, and lesbians.
I met a Jewish girl and she asked for my number. I told her we use names here.
Who protects the pope's food? The Swiss Chard
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe? Canoes tip. 
Why don’t cannibal Muslims eat Americans? Cause they can’t eat pork 
What do Easter eggs have to do with Jesus? They are dyed for our sins.
A female CNN journalist heard about a very old Jewish man who’d been praying at the Western Wall twice a day, every day, for a long time... So she went to  check it out. She went to the Western Wall and there he was, walking slowly up  to the holy site.  She watched him pray and after about 45 minutes, when  he turned to leave, using a cane and moving very slowly, she approached him  for an interview.   "Pardon me, sir, I'm Rebecca Smith from CNN. What's your name?"  “Morris Feinberg,"  he replied.  "Sir, how long have you been coming to the Western Wall and praying?"   "For about 60 years."   “60 years!  That's amazing! What do you pray for?"  “I pray for peace  between the Christians, Jews, and the  Muslims. I pray for all the  wars and all the hatred to stop." I pray for all our children to grow up safely as responsible adults and to love their fellow man." I pray that  politicians tell us the truth and put the interests of the people ahead of their own interests.”  And finally, "I pray that everyone will be happy".  "How do you feel after doing this for 60 years?" she asked.    "Like I'm talking to a fucking wall!"
There were two thieves who were also being crucified next to Jesus. One of them said, “Jesus, remember me when you come into your kingdom.” Jesus looked towards the thief and said, “Truly I say to you, today you shall be with me in para...ARE THOSE MY SANDALS!”
What do an Amish woman and a hockey game both have in common? (NSFW) They both have three periods between showers.
What's the difference between acne and a catholic priest? Acne waits till 14 to come on your face.
Allah is probably the true god. Because the universe started with an explosion.
What happens when a Jewish girl lies about her one night stand? Christianity.
Jesus is a shoe thief Two boys were climbing a tree for fun. One was named Joseph, the other, Jesus. The tree was really dense and tall, but the boys managed to climb down once the sun began to set. In the ground, Joseph noticed he had lost his shoes somewhere in the branches, way up high. Jesus immediately offered to climb it again and recover his friend's shoes. Hours passed, and Jesus hadn't returned. Joseph couldn't see him, so far high he was. It was then that a priest came along the road and saw Joseph yelling "Jesus! Jesus! Jesus!". Admired, the priest said: "It's sad to say this, my child, but it's uncertain when Jesus will come back. Could be today, could be in a hundred years. It's no use calling." Joseph, clearly upset, said: "Motherfucker robbed my shoes".
Did you know Sheck Wes has a Jewish cousin? Sheckel Wes
I wish Jesus was born on another day than Christmas Then we wouldn’t have this entire brouhaha every year.
What meat does the pope eat? Nun
Jesus drove a Honda... ... but didn’t like to talk about it.   “For I did not speak of my own accord” John 12:49a
Why are Jews bad at gardening? Their soil is too Hasidic.
I know Jesus can turn water into wine... But can He turn figs into Newtons?  (Probably a repost but im high and this funny to me right now)
Police officer pulls over 2 Catholic priests. Says he’s looking for two child molesters. Catholic priests looking at each other: We’ll do it!
It must suck being a catholic chaplain in the Army All the “boys” are over 18 
An Amish woman and her daughter were riding in an old buggy one cold blustery day, when the daughter said, "My hands are freezing cold!" The mother replied, "Put them between your legs. Your body heat will warm them up." The daughter did and her hands warmed up.  The next day, the daughter was riding with her boy friend who said, "My hands are freezing cold!"  The girl replied, "Put them between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm them up."  He did and warmed his hands.  The following day, the boyfriend was again in the buggy with the daughter.  He said, "My nose is cold."  The girl replied, "Put it between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm it up."  He did and warmed his nose.  The next day, the boyfriend was again driving with the daughter and he said, "My penis is frozen solid."  The following day, the daughter was driving in the buggy with her mother again and she says to her mother, "Have you ever heard of a penis?"  Slightly concerned the mother said, "Why, yes. Why do you ask?"  The daughter replies, "They make one heck of a mess when they defrost, don't they?!"
How did the Asian Jew do at his job interview? Hebrew it completely.  (It helps to say the punchline with an Asian accent)
Are Muslims allowed to eat that? "Are Muslims allowed to eat that?"  "Sir, I'm Sikh."  "Oh damn, get well soon."
Jewish emos are only half as emo as atheist ones. Because the atheist emo has two beanies
What did the devout catholic call her Converse? Nun Chucks
A Christian priest, a Muslim priest and a rabbi are asked what method they use to give money with God and the community. The Christain priest goes first. He draws a circle and throws all the money into the air. "Whatever falls into the inner part of the circle is mine, whatever falls on the outer side of the circle is God's and the communities.  The Muslim priest goes second. He draws a straight line and throws all his money into the air. "Whatever falls on the left side goes to me, and whatever falls on the right side goes to God and the community."  Finally, the rabbi goes. He doesn't draw a circle or a line, much to the confusion of the other priests. He threw the money into the air and said, "Whatever Hashem needs, he takes, whatever he doesn't need I take!"
What does the H stand for in Jesus H. Christ? Haploid 
Jesus' apostles were Mexican... ...Because there were twelve of them who traveled in an accord.
The Bible says that being gay is fine as long as the person is high. " A man who lays with another man should be stoned "               - Leviticus 20:13 ESV 
A nun at a Catholic School was asking her 10 year old students what they wanted to be when they grew up.   "Susie, what do you want to be when you grow up?"  Susie said "I want to be a doctor."  "Very nice," the nun said. "Jenny what do you want to be when you grow up?"  Jenny said "I want to be a teacher."  "Excellent answer," the nun replied.  "Martha what are you going to be when you grow up."  Martha replies "I want to be a prostitute."  Hearing that the nun faints.  The little girls all rush forward to the nun laying on the ground and try to help her. Shortly the nun regains consciousness And says in a weak voice "Martha what did you just say you wanted to be when you grew up?"  Martha says "I said I wanted to be a prostitute."  "Oh thank goodness," the nun said "for a moment I thought you said you wanted to be a Protestant."
A Hindu and a Catholic were having lunch together Catholic : Yo, it's so weird that you guys don't eat cows and all. You should try some it's really good.  Hindu : No, thank you. I don't eat cows because we treat them basically like gods back in India.   Catholic : Just one bite won't hurt. You're really missing out on something great in life.  Hindu : (visibly annoyed) I already told you I don't eat cows because it's like a god to me. Tell me do you eat your God?  Catholic : As a matter of fact, yes every Sunday and not only eat Him but also drink His blood.
"I'm Jesus Christ." A drunk staggers out of a bar and runs right into two priests. He says, "I'm Jesus Christ." The first priest says, "No, son, you're not." So the drunk says it to the second priest. The second priest says, "No, son, you're not." The drunk says, "Look, I can prove it." He walks back into the bar with the two priests. The bartender takes one look at the drunk and exclaims, "Jesus Christ, you're here again?"
With faint voice, crucified Jesus calls Petrus... "Petrus, come closer, I have to tell you something important." Petrus steps to the cross, looking up to Jesus: "Yes master, what is it?" "Please come closer.", Jesus whispers. Petrus takes a ladder and climbs up to Jesus. "Yes master, I'm here, what is it?" Jesus: "From up here I can see our house." 
What’s the last thing Jesus felt? Cross
The Pope visits New York Recently after the Pope was elected he learned from his most trusted Cardinals that people don't seem to have faith in the Church anymore. Upon learning this news he decides to go speak with Cardinals around the world about ideas on how to get people to have faith in the Church again.  He tells the Cardinals at the Vatican that hes going to speak to the Cardinal in New York. He tells them he does not want it to be high profile and to not let the media find out. They agree upon the condition that hes back by the next morning to host morning mass, he agrees.  Upon landing in NY his driver takes him to St. Patricks Cathedral where he meets with the Cardinal. After several hours of talking the Pope looks out the window to see its night time, he jumps up and says he must go so he can return to the Vatican in time for morning mass. They say their goodbyes and the Pope runs out to the driver and hops in the car.  The Pope tells the driver he needs to floor it since he has to be at the airport in 30 minutes or else he'll be late to morning mass. The driver tells him he cannot exceed the speed limit cause he can lose his job if ticketed. The Pope understands and tells the driver to switch spots and that he'll drive.  The Pope gets onto the highway and is doing 120mph. A cop sees the limousine and proceeds to pull him over. The Cop says to his partner, "I'm sick of these rich people in their limos thinking their above the law, I'm really gonna give it to this guy." The cop walks up to the limo window and sees it the Pope. He turns ghostly white and proceeds to wave the Pope to leave. So the Pope rolls up the windows and pulls off.  The cop gets back in his car and his partner says, "What happened? Thought you were gonna really give it to him." The cops says, "Nah man, it was too big." Partner says, "Mayor?" The cop shakes his head. "Governor?" Cop shakes his head again. The President!?" Cop shakes his head. The partner asks, "Who the hell his bigger than the President!?" The cop says, "I don't know, but the Pope is his chauffeur." 
The Mexican Priest said to the little boy 'Did you know Jesus is coming" The little boy said "Please father not again".
A janitor is cleaning in the choir loft of an empty Catholic Church in the afternoon... He hears the door to the sanctuary open, and looks down to see an old woman approach the alter, kneel, and begin praying.  Deciding to have some fun with her, he softly calls out:  “This is Jesus...”.   The old woman doesn’t flinch from her prayers, so he tries again, a little louder:  “This Is Jesus!”  Again, the woman doesn’t react at all.  Frustrated, the janitor cups his hands around his mouth and calls out at the top of his lungs:  “DIDN’T YOU HEAR ME?  THIS IS JESUS!”  The old woman looks up from her prayer, glares over her shoulder, and snaps:  “Will you please be quiet, I am trying to talk to your Mother!”
Just found out my wife's credit card was stolen! They are spending it all on jewellery and casinos! But I wouldn't report it because they are spending less than my wife. 
Just found out my wife's identity was stolen! They opened a credit card and a checking account in her name, and are spending it all on jewellery and casinos! And on the same weekend she was on Vacation in Vegas! Crazy stuff!
Why does a young jewish girl stand on a chimney? She's shouting MAMA!  But why does she shout it happily? Because what's important is love not the state of aggregation.
I had a good Jew joke... ...But I couldn't find it cause it was hiding under the floor boards 
A Coca-Cola rep and Pepsi report were bragging to each other when a Jewish man walked in the bar. Coke rep: "I climbed Mount Kilimanjaro all by myself"  Pepsi rep: "Well, I summited Mount Everest"   Both then turned to the Jewish man and asked him his greatest feat.   Jewish man said triumphantly, "I sank the Titanic"   Pepsi rep: "No, that was an ice berg"  Jewish man:  Iceberg, Goldberg, it's all the same.  That was the legend of the mountain jew.
What does a devout catholic girl do when she gets spanked? She turns the other cheek. 
Jesus is wandering through the desert Jesus is wandering through the desert, desperately seeking his father. It has been 40 days and 40 nights since he last rested or had a meal and he is exhausted.  Just as he thinks he can't take it any more, he sees a figure on the distant horizon. He manages to summon up the energy to stumble closer and gradually gets nearer to what he realises is an old man. What's more, this old man has long white hair, a white beard, and is dressed in flowing robes.  Finally Jesus gets within speaking distance and shouts out excitedly: "Father, father, finally I have found you!"  The old man turns to look at Jesus and says: "Well, this is strange. It's true that I seem to have lost my son and I am in fact out here in the desert looking for him, but to be honest young man, he looks nothing like you."  Jesus is dumbfounded. But then he thinks this is yet another test and so he says: "Come on father, don't you think this is too much of a coincidence? What are the odds of us both being in this huge desert, at the same time, me looking for my father and you looking for your son? 40 days and 40 nights have I been searching and never have I felt surer, you truly are my father and I truly am your son."  The old man says: "You're right, that is a bit odd. But the thing is, my son was very distinctive looking".  "What do you mean" says Jesus.  "Well" says the old man, "for one thing he had holes in both his hands".  Jesus slowly raises his hands: "Father, see the wounds in my hands where I was crucified?"  "Hmm" says the old man, "he also had holes in both his feet".  Jesus sorrowfully raises first one foot, then the other: "Father, they also nailed my feet to the cross. See my wounds have still not healed."  The old man stands in silence, but Jesus can see that this has shaken him to the core. Finally, Jesus can't take it any longer. Weeping, he rushes over to the old man and throws his arms around him with the last of his strength. The old man embraces Jesus and he too is sobbing uncontrollably.  "At last we are reunited father" says Jesus, "I cannot believe it took this long, but we are together again and no-one can part us now."  "You are right" says the old man through his tears. "I'm so glad you're back Pinnochio".
Why did jesus not become a doctor? He got hung up on his boards.
Two Jews leave Russia. One goes to Israel and the other goes to Germany. One year later, they get together.  "Moishe, I really love Israel. I live in Haifa, I opened up my own shop, the weather is nice, and everybody speaks my language. What more can I ask for?" His friend replies:  "You know, Abram, I'm not doing too bad either. I work at a bathhouse in Munich, and you won't believe it, my friend, but I send Germans to the showers!"
There's a new Muslim girl at the office who has been hitting on me, and she keeps trying to get me to go with her to her Shia Islam church, even though I am not religious. I eventually caved in and we exchanged numbers. I mean, she's not the hottest, but shiite.
What is the difference between jesus and a picture of jesus The picture only needs one nail to hang.
Why are Jewish males circumcised? Because they know Jewish females can’t resist anything that’s 10% off
Jesus rose on the third day for Chick-Fil-A But they were closed. 
Reposts are like Jesus.... They rise again after 3 days.
Two Jews walk into a bar.... mitzvah. 
Why was Jesus crucified and not electrocuted? Because if they had electrocuted him, today, 100 million Catholics wouldn't bless themselves with a cross. They would scream "Aaaarrrrrgggghhh!" and shake. 
What do you call a Muslim bug? A Mosque-ito
Hey girl, are you the Bible? 'Cause men keep misinterpreting what you say to support their own selfish agendas. 
This older Jewish man was on the operating table awaiting surgery and he insisted that his son,  a renowned surgeon, perform the operation.    As he was about to receive the anesthesia he asked to speak to his son.   "Yes Dad, what is it?"   "Don’t be nervous, son, do your best and just remember, if it doesn’t go well, if something happens to me… your mother is going to come and live with you and your wife…"
Why did Hitler not like the Jews? He didn't have Facebook. 
What soft drink can a Jew only buy? Mountain Jew
What does an English Muslim say? God is great.(translate to Arabik)
Imagine Jesus Christ having sex... ... Holy fuck!
Why wasn’t Jesus born in America? Because they couldn’t find a virgin and 3 wise men.
I dates a jewish girl once When she asked for my number, I said "We have names".
Why do Jewish people hate all the letters in the alphabet except the last one? Because they're all Nazis (not Z's).
What part of Popeye never rusts? The part that he puts in Olive Oil 
Do Catholic vegans eat meat on fridays during Lent? No, they don't. Last time I asked a herd of them, they chewed me out, threw me out of their meating, and whipped me at the steak. 
Jewish Soccer Back in 42' some germans working in the concentration camp tought it would be fun to play soccer against the jews.Now they didn't want to lose so they equipped their players with gas masks and turned a bit of gas on,so they begin playing and the germans lose 0:1,pretty pissed they ask for a rematch only to lose 0:1 again.They ask for a rematch again and pump the gas to the max and lose 0:3.Very confused at this point they ask a jew how did they won with all that gas?Jew:"its just home terrain advantage".
A Catholic Priest and a Jewish Rabbi are hanging out at the park. A little boy walks by and the Priest says to the Rabbi: "Wanna fuck him?"   The Rabbi replies: Out of what?
What did the Centurion say when he crucified Jesus? Nailed it 
A Jew, a Muslim and a Christian are all best friends A Jew, a Muslim and a Christian are all best friends. They have this tradition of meeting up at a certain coffee shop and talking about this and that while they eat their collective favorite desert; cherry pie.   One day, as the friends are enjoying their cherry pie, the topic of who’s religion is true comes up and a long and tiresome discussion ensues. But by the end of it, no conclusion is reached between the Jew, Muslim or Christian. The only thing they can all agree on is that their God (for it is true that they all worship the same god) has many, many rules for man to follow and although these rules can at times seem arbitrary or even unfounded, it is not the duty of man to understand the purpose for any law of God, but rather it is the duty of man to follow the laws regardless of his understanding of them.   The Christian says, ‘I believe Lust is the most vile, disgusting sin of all and surely God must hate it as much as I do, and for that reason I vow to never as long as I should live act on my sexual urges. I shall remain celibate my entire life to show my commitment to God.’   And the Jew says, ‘Well that may very well be true, but it is my opinion that the grossest assault on God’s honor is to work on the sabbath day, for not even did He work on that holiest of holy days, so who would I be as a humble human being to work on His day of rest? For that reason I vow to always keep the sabbath day holy as long as I should live.’  And the Muslim says, ‘Both of you make fair points, but it is my assessment that the pig is the most foul creature to walk the earth, for the spirit of Lucifer himself inhabited that dirty animal and anyone that would consume the flesh and blood of that beast should surely become as perverted and vile as the dark prince himself. For that reason I vow to never eat pork as long as I should live and this is how I will demonstrate my devotion to God.’  With the three friends satisfied with their individual commitments to God, the Jew, Muslim and Christian finished their cherry pie and went on to live very pious lives in their own separate ways. They continued to meet up every week at the coffee shop and eat cherry pie and have discussions for many decades until one day, the three old friends are stepping out of the coffee shop, laughing and wiping the cherry pie crumbs from the corners of their mouths when a bus driver loses control of his vehicle and crashes into the three men killing them instantly.   The Jew, Muslim and Christian find themselves standing at the pearly gates of heaven before Saint Peter who regrettably informs them that they’ll all be going to hell. The men are understandably furious.   ‘This is outrageous!’ Says the Christian. ‘I was so handsome in life, hundreds of women threw themselves at me but I remained committed to my celibacy! I resisted my lustful urges because I thought that’s what God would want!’ Saint Peter just nods his head and shrugs his shoulders.   The Jew says, ‘Think about all the money I could have made if I had worked on the sabbath day! I’m talkin’ thousands of dollars down the drain! But I kept the sabbath day holy!’ Again Saint Peter just nods and shrugs.   The Muslim says, ‘Just the smell of bacon sizzling in a pan is enough to get me salivating like a Pavlov dog, but not once in my entire life did I touch a single molecule of pork meat to my tongue! What is the meaning of this?’   And Saint Peter says, ‘Look, gentlemen. There’s no denying that you all lived very devoted lives, but unfortunately you all committed the greatest sin of all.’ The three friends look at one another in bewilderment before asking, ‘What sin is that?’ And Saint Peter says, ‘Well the big guy isn’t really a huge fan of cherry pie.’ 
What did the Catholic Church say when they first saw the Shroud of Turin? “Holy sheet!”
How do you separate the men from the boys at the Catholic school? with a crowbar 
“Jesus is Watching” A famous burglar breaks into a house that he knows has a lot of money hidden in a safe. He also knows that the owner, an old man, is away for the weekend. Once he’s inside, he searches all the rooms on the lower floor. He finds nothing. As he walks upstairs to continue to search for the old man’s safe he hears a shrill voice.  “Jesus is watching.”  The burglar freaks out. He searches the bottom floor two more times, this time much more thoroughly and still finds nothing. He then goes upstairs and begins to search the rooms up there.  Before he gets to the last room, the bedroom of the old man, he hears the same voice.  “Jesus is watching.”  The burglar looks around again, and then warily steps into the room of the old man, certain there has to be someone in there. He shines his flashlight across the room slowly until the light lands on a medium sized bird cage. Inside the cage is a colorful parrot.  “Jesus is watching.”  The burglar chuckles to himself. All this time he was scared of nothing but a bird. Playfully he says:  “Hello there. Are you talking to me?”  The bird quickly squawks back:  “Yes, I am.”  The burglar, more relaxed, decides to mess around more:  “What’s your name?”  “Ishmael.”  The burglar laughs.  “What kind of idiot names his bird Ishmael?”  “The same kind of idiot who names his Rottweiler Jesus.”
Are there Jews in my stomach Because I’m feeling quite gassy today
Jesus and Moses are golfing in a threesome. Moses tees off first and uncorks a high sailing slice. The ball plops into the middle of a lake. Unperturbed, Moses walks to the edge of the lake, raises his club, and the waters part. Moses chips onto the green.   Jesus tees off next. He blades a worm-burner that heads for the lake, skipping thrice and coming to rest on top of the water. Jesus walks out onto the water and chips onto the green.   The third gentlemen hooks the everliving shit out of the ball. It goes into the road, gets hit by a car, ricochets across the fairway to the lake, is gobbled up by a frog, who is snatched by a stork. As the stork flies over the green, the frog spits out the ball, which rolls into the cup.   Moses turns to Jesus and says:  “I hate playing with your Dad.” 
Four Catholic ladies were having coffee one afternoon, bragging to one another about their successful sons.  The first woman tells her friends, "My son is a priest. When he walks into a room everyone calls him 'Father'."  The second Catholic woman chirps, "My son is a bishop. Whenever he walks into a room, people call him 'Your Grace'."  The third woman says, "My son is a cardinal. Whenever he walks into a room he's called 'Your Eminence'."  Since the fourth woman just sips her coffee in silence, the first three give her this subtle, "Well...?" sort of look.  "My son is 6'2", has broad shoulders, is terribly handsome, and dresses exceptionally well. Whenever he walks into a room, women just say 'Oh my God...'."
An elderly jewish man visits a brothel. The madam opened the brothel door to see an elderly Jewish man. His clothes were all dishevelled and he looked needy. Can I help you?" the madam asked. I want Natalie," the old man replied. Sir, Natalie is one of our most expensive ladies, perhaps someone else..." No, I must see Natalie."  Just then Natalie appeared and announced to the old man that she charges $1,000 per visit. The man never blinked and reached into his pocket and handed her ten $100 bills. The two went up to a room for an hour whereupon the man calmly left.  The next night he appeared again demanding Natalie. Natalie explained that no one had ever come back two nights in a row and that there were no discounts... it was still $1,000. Again the old man took out the money, the two went up to the room and he calmly left an hour later.  When he showed up the third consecutive night, no one could believe it. Again he handed Natalie the money and up to the room they went. At the end of the hour Natalie questioned the old man: "No one has ever used my services three nights in a row... where are you from?"  The old man replied, "I am from Minsk." "Really?" replied Natalie, "I have a sister who lives there." Yes; I know, said the old man. She gave me $3,000 to give to you." 
What's the difference between a jew and a cake? Cakes don't scream in the oven.
A Catholic Priest, a Rabbi, and an Athiest get shipwrecked on an island in the pacific... A day after they hit land they all get captured by headhunters. They are brought before the chief, and the chief tells them that they have two options: they can accept death or they can take their chances with The Band.   The Catholic priest is up first. He says, "I need my life to guide those who need it to the light of God, so I will take my chances with The Band."  The Chief calls for the band and 13 hulking figures appear and gather around the Priest. They begin to beat and sodomize the Priest in ways he had never even dreamed of before. When they finish, they leave him laying face down in the sand covered in cum urine feces and blood, but he survives and makes a run for it.  The Rabbi is next. He tells the chief that he needs his life to teach and lead those around him to the right path in life, so he too will take his chances with the band.   The Chief calls for the band again and 13 more hulking figures come and have their way with the Rabbi, sodomizing and brutalizing him in even more new and inventive ways. Like the priest, they leave him laying face down in the sand covered in bodily fluids and filth, but he somehow survives and is able to make a run for it.   The chief approaches the athiest and asks him if he has made a decision. The athiest explains that he doesnt want to be beaten or have a penis put where he doesn't want want one put, so he will take death at the hands of these headhunters.   The chief puts a hand on the athiest's shoulder and goes to walk away, stopping after about 5 steps, he turns and yells out in a loud booming voice, "You will be killed at sunset, BUT FIRST, GIVE IT UP FOR THE BAND!!"
So the Pope is super early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
What Do You Call A Muslim Locked In A Room? A Man In Q’arantine
If Jesus was alive today he would be screwed.
Why doesn't Jesus like manicures? He's not getting nailed again!
Muslim jokes What happens when a Muslim gets mad     Islam’s the door
Jesus says he loves me... but I'm worried about the age gap.
Atoms are catholic. They have mass.
What do you call a supermarket run by Jesus? A Walmartyr.
Why doesn’t Jesus play hockey? He always gets nailed to the boards. 
Two Jews are walking through city at night. Suddenly they are surrounded by robbers with knives. - Money, valuables, watches - quickly! One Jew turns to another: - Izzy, you remember, I owed you $ 300, so I return them in front of the witnesses.
Did you hear about the long-sighted baptist? He had to use a large font. 
The Pope, the President, the Smartest Man on Earth, and a Stoner are on a plane. The pilot comes over the intercom.  "Everyone, we've had some major hardware malfunctions. We're going to have to jump out. There are only 4 parachutes, and there are five of us. I'm the pilot, so I should live."  Before anyone can protest, the pilot grabs a parachute and jumps out.  The president speaks up.  "I am the ruler of the free world, and I need to live through this."  He grabs a parachute and jumps.  The smartest man on earth quickly grabs one as well.  "I'm the world's greatest genius, so I deserve a parachute."  He jumps out, leaving the Pope and the stoner to decide who gets to live.  "You are young and have a good life ahead of you," says the Pope. "I have lived a long and fruitful life, and my time to meet god has finally come. You should take the last parachute."  The stoner laughs.  "Relax, man. That smart dude grabbed my backpack."
Why do cannibals not eat jews? Because they're too *hacidic*.
Who led the Jews across the semi-permeable membrane? Osmoses
A Jewish man traveled to a small mountain island He was greeted at the harbor by a friendly resident who took him on a tour of the town. As they were walking, they heard a squeal and saw a small furry creature falling down the mountain, tumbling past them before rolling to a stop. The Jewish man looked on in astonishment at this exotic creature.   "Good islander, what kind of animal is that?" he asked.   "That's what we here in the village call a Trid," the islander explained.   "What a truly fascinating creature. Do they normally come tumbling into the village like that?"  The islander sighed. "Unfortunately, yes. You see, at the top of this mountain there is a thriving population of Trids. For years they lived peacefully, until a terrible ogre came along. This ogre finds no greater delight than when he sends Trids tumbling down the mountainside."  The Jewish man was shocked. Such cruelty simply could not be tolerated. "I will go to this ogre and speak with him. It's only right that someone should try to help such innocent creatures."  "You can try," the islander said, "but nothing you say will be able to help the Trids."  The Jewish man ignored him and journeyed up the mountain. Three times on his way up, the Jewish man saw helpless Trids being callously tossed over the mountainside and tumbling to the coast below. As he reached the summit, a terrible ogre came lumbered into view. The Trids around the mountaintop scattered, but not quickly enough. The ogre reached down and snatched a Trid from the ground,  tossing it into the air before viciously kicking it over the mountain. The Jewish man looked on in disbelief before working up the courage to confront the terrible beast.   "Ogre," he called, "I am a traveler and a leader within my faith. I've come to ask you why you harm these creatures with such vicious acts."  The ogre turned, sneering at the man with a horrible grin of mismatched teeth. "You come to question me, man?" the beast snarled. "I care not for the feelings of these Trids. My only joy is kicking them over the mountain and watching them climb back up."  The Jewish man knew that such a malicious ogre could never be convinced to live peacefully with the Trids. "Very well then. If your only joy is in harming others, then I will offer myself in place of these creatures. Kick me over the mountain and leave the Trids alone."  The ogre threw back its head and let loose horrendous peals of laughter. "I cannot kick you over the mountain, man. You cannot replace these creatures."  The Jewish man knew there was nothing he could do. Despair washed over him and he asked, "Why?"  The ogre turned to him, leaning down until it's terrible visage was mere inches away from his face. It's rancid breath washed over the man as it said,   "Silly Rabbi, kicks are for Trids."
Where is the biggest concentration of Jews in the world right now? In the stratosphere.
What happened when Jesus didn't make it home before curfew? He got grounded. 
Rick Astley is a bad Catholic He won’t even give you up during Lent.
And Jesus said unto his 12 apostles as he was being nailed to the cross Don't touch my fucking Easter eggs, i'll be back on Monday.
A Muslim walks into a bar. He says, "I'll have the bowl of peanuts."
What happens when musician Gene Simmons opens up a jewelry shop inspired by his Israeli heritage? Family Jew-els  :)
A Jewish kid asks his dad for $5... "$4?!  What do you need $3 for?"
How did the Jewish man make his craft beer. Hebrew-ed it.
After Christian rock wasn't able to draw in a younger crowd the Catholic Church decided to release a mixtape... Apparently it was fire
Whats the difference between Harry Potter and Jew’s? Harry Potter made it out of the Chamber of Secrets
An old Jew is walking along, sees a lamp, picks it up and rubs it... A genie pops out and says, "For freeing me I will grant you one wish."  The old Jew pulls out a map and points to it. "You see this area? This is called the Middle East. There's been nothing but death, destruction and bloodshed for thousands of years. Could you do something about that?"  The genie thinks a moment and replies, "Even with my great powers, I cannot do this. Is there something else I can do for you?"  "Well," says the man "my wife and I have been marries for over 35 years and she's never given me a blowjob. Do you think you could...you know... get her to do that for me?"  The genie pauses and says, " Lemme take another look at that map."
A Jew gets a docter's diagnosis... The doctor walks in, stonefaced and all.  "Doctor, is something wrong?"  The doctor face wrinkles slightly, and he stares down his clipboard.  "You could say that""  The Jew, now concered, starts to pester him.  "What is it? Is it my weight? Something in my heart? Is it it even bad?"  The doctor stares him down.  "Well it's not bad"  The Jew's face calms, and is about to speak when the doctor says something yet again.  "Israel bad".  The doctor smirks, and the Jew...let's say he didn't take it lightly. 
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? Go to Auschwitz with a dust pan.
The pope goes to new york and gets picked up at the airport by a limo. He looks at the car and says to the driver "You know, I hardly ever get to drive. Would you please let me?"  The driver is a bit hesitant, but thinks "well I can't really say no to the pope"  So the pope takes the wheel and he starts speeding like a mad man! He stamps on the accelerator and goes around 100 mph before a policeman notices and pulls him over.  The officer walks over and asks the officer to wind the window down. He is a bit shocked when he sees the pope so he asks him to just wait a minute.  He goes back to his car and calls the chief: "Chief... We have a problem"  "What sort of problem?"  "Well, you see I pulled over a car for driving way over the speed limit, but it seems to be someone really important."  "Important like, the mayor?"  "No no.. much more important than that."  "Important like.. the governor?"  "Way more important than that"  "Like the president?"  "Much more important."  "Are you kidding me? Who could be more important than the president?"  "I don't know, but he's got the pope driving for him!"
A Christian, a Jew, a Pagan, a Muslim, and an atheist walk into a cafe They drink coffee and have a reasonable, mild-mannered conversation because they're adults.
It's the Pope!  After getting all of Pope Francis's luggage loaded into the limo at the airport, (and he doesn't travel light), the driver notices the Pope is still standing on the curb.   'Excuse me, Your Holiness,' says the driver, 'Would you please take your seat so we can leave?'   'Well, to tell you the truth,' says the Pope, 'they never let me drive at the Vatican , and I'd really like to drive today.'   'I'm sorry, Your Holiness, but I cannot let you do that. I'd lose my job!   What if something should happen?' protests the driver, wishing he'd never gone to work that morning.   'Who's going to tell?' asks the Pope with a smile.   Reluctantly, the driver gets in the back as the Pope climbs in behind the wheel. The driver quickly regrets his decision when, after exiting the airport, the Pontiff floors it, accelerating the limo to 100 mph   'Please slow down, Your Holiness,' pleads the worried driver, but the Pope   keeps the pedal to the metal until they hear sirens.   'Oh, dear God, I'm going to lose my license -- and my job!', moans the driver.   The Pope pulls over and rolls down the window as the cop approaches; but the cop takes one look at him, goes back to his motorcycle, and gets on the radio.   'I need to talk to the Chief,' he says to the dispatcher.   The Chief gets on the radio and the cop tells him that he's stopped a limo going 100 mph.   'So bust him,' says the Chief.   'I don't think we want to do that. He's really important,' said the cop.   The Chief exclaimed, ’All the more reason!'   'No, I mean really important,' said the cop with a bit of persistence.   The Chief then asked, ’Who do you have there, the mayor?'   Cop: 'Bigger.'   Chief: ' A senator?'   Cop: 'Bigger.'   Chief: 'The President?'   Cop: 'Bigger.'   'Well,' said the Chief, 'who is it?'   Cop: 'I think it's God!'   The Chief is even more puzzled and curious, 'What makes you think it's God?'   Cop: 'His chauffeur is the Pope! 
A Jew with a boner walks into a wall, what happens? He breaks his nose
It’s amazing what Muslims put themselves through, just so they can get 72 virgins in heaven. It would be a lot easier if they just became Catholic priests.
In a suburb of Boston, there was a Catholic church across the street from a Jewish synagogue. Over the years, a friendly rivalry had grown between the two congregations.  One weekend, the members of the synagogue gave their long-time rabbi a brand new Cadillac.  By sheer coincidence, the parishioners gave their pastor a new Cadillac on the same day.  Everyone laughed at the coincidence, and the two clerics agreed to have a race.  A course was planned out, and the next day the two men took off.  The Catholic priest had a slight edge through the town, but when the course led out into more rural areas, the rabbi took the lead.  Eventually the course took them to a narrow dirt road, wide enough for only one car, and the rabbi was ahead while the priest was right on his tail.  They passed a sign that said, "Danger!  Bridge Out Ahead!", and they came to a cliff where a bridge had recently been washed out.  The rabbi slammed on his brakes, his car's wheels locked up, and screeched to a stop just two feet in front of the cliff.  The priest has just a tick slower to react, and his car rammed the rabbi's car, pushing its front wheels over the embankment.  With the rabbi's Cadillac balanced precariously on the cliff, the priest scrambled to help the rabbi to safety.  Once both men were safe, they called the police and waited for their arrival.  A Boston cop came to the scene first.  He looked at the two cars in the road.  He looked at the damage to the front end of the priest's car.  Then he looked at the rabbi's car, hanging on the cliff, with damage to its back end.  The cop took off his hat and scratched his head, wondering what to make of the situation.  Finally, in a thick Irish brogue, he asked, "So, father, at what speed was the rabbi going when he backed into you?" 
Why did the Jewish dad cut off his son's gaming budget? Because his son had four skins already.
What do you call a really good Jewish gamer? Ezekiel
Where did Mussolini put the Jews during WWII? Why, in the spaghettos of course!
Allah is definitely the true god... Because the universe was made by an explosion
The tribespeople wanted to be left alone; the missionary thought they needed Jesus and went to the remote island even when specifically warned not to; So they killed him. Thoughts and prayers.  
What is Muslim beer called? Alchalal.
What’s Jesus’ favorite TV Show? Breaking Bread
What do you call a Amish female transgender? Ma’am-ish
The Pope had become very ill and was taken to many doctors, all of whom could not figure out how to cure him. Finally, he was brought to an old physician. After about an hour’s examination he came out and told the cardinals that he had some good news and some bad news. The bad news was that the Pope had a rare disorder of the testicles. The good news was that all the Pope had to do to be cured was have sex.  Well, this was not good news to the cardinals, who argued about it at length. Finally, they went to the Pope with the doctor and explained the situation. After some thought, the Pope stated, “I agree, but under four conditions.”  The cardinals were amazed and there arose quite an uproar. Over the noise a single voice asked, “And what are the four conditions?”  The room stilled. There was a long pause.  The Pope replied, “First, the girl must be blind, so that she cannot see who she is having sex with.  Second, she must be deaf, so that she cannot hear who she is having sex with.  And third, she must be dumb so that if somehow she figures out who she is having sex with, she can tell no one.”  After another long pause a voice arose and asked, “And the fourth condition?” The Pope replied, “Big tits.”  
I think my dog is Jesus He turns water (from his bowl) into whines
I'm sick of people knocking on my door, and asking if I've found Jesus. I never said I would watch him, and if you're that concerned maybe use bigger nails next time.
How do you know jesus is a slut? He got nailed 3 times in a row
Why do Jesus and the disciples always sit on one side of the table? The other side is for the little boys. 
My Jewish girlfriend wasn't too enthusiastic about anal .. Until I showed her how much we can save on condoms ...
Why are atoms Catholic?  Because they have mass.
Did you hear the one about the Jew? Israeli funny
Jesus can walk on water. Babies are 72% water. I can walk on babies. Therefore I am 72% Jesus Btw I’m also 100% in jail
The catholic church needs to implement some kind of Rite of Passage... It's time to separate the men from the boys.
What do you get after eating a Jewish restaurant? Gassy 
After witnessing the second coming of Jesus, I have decided to make some serious changes in my life. I’m never watching Mexican porn again.
What Would Jesus Do? ...get murdered by an angry mob.
How do you make a Jewish omlette? First you borrow six eggs.
I make a living cleaning Muslim women's head coverings. It's a dirty hijab, but someone's gotta do it.
Why was the Amish woman excommunicated? Too Mennonite 
My Muslim girlfriend was being mean, So Iran away
Two old jews are talking about their children... The first one says "My son has decided to stop keeping kosher! Oy! What a terrible world" The second one replies "Your son? \*MY\* son! My son has decided to stop keeping the Sabbath! Oy gevalt! What can we do?" They seek guidance from the chief Rabbi of their village and share their woes with. "Your son?" he replies "\*MY\* son! My son has fallen in love with a shiksa! Can you believe it?" Three of them decide their only recourse is to pray to God and ask for his guidance. And as they are praying a big booming voice from the heavens says "YOUR SON? \*\*MY\*\* SON..." 
Suicidal when Muslim - Suicide Hotline, how may I help you?  - I am sorry, Allah, but I feel like I have to kill myself.  - Do not worry, you will be alright.  - Allah will never forgive me, there is no nice end for me.  - Well, that can change, can you fly a plane?
What's Jesus' favorite gun? A nail gun.     Because he's a carpenter, you asshole.
whats the difference between jews and coal jews burn longer
Why are Chasidic Jews the best detectives? Because they're so observant!  (Made this up myself.)
What's the popes favorite power tool? A cathedrill 
How do you get a Jewish girl's number? Roll up her sleeve ;)
How do you get 2 Jews to fight? Throw a penny  between them.  How do you get 2 Catholic priests to fight?  Do the same thing but this time with a small boy.
What would Pablo Escobar be called if he was a Jew? Pablo Escobarmitzvah
Why do Jews have large noses? Because Air Is Free.
Whats the difference between a muslim and a catholic priest? The muslim has to die before he gets his virgins.
I Played with a Jewish man on Csgo He saved every round 
Told to me by my Muslim father A Sheikh is sleeping with one of the women in his harem, when she says, "Sheikh, could you put it in my mouth?"   The Sheikh denies, saying "I cannot, for your mouth is where 'Allahu Akbar' comes from".   She nods, understanding.   A little bit later she says, "Sheikh, could you put it between by breasts?"   Again the Sheikh says "No, your breasts feed the future generation of Muslims".   She remains silent.  After a few moments, frustrated, she asks, "Sheikh, could you even put it in my ear?"  The Sheikh replies "No, your ears hear the call to prayer"  The woman says "Sheikh, you can put it anywhere, but please take it out of my ass."
How did Jesus cure the sick by just touching them Cuz his hand is holy
An old Jew was famous in his village for making the best tea in the world... Everyone loved Moishe's tea. People from the fringes of the Jewish village would come to drink it up. Night or day, Moishe would hear a knock on his door to drink some of his delicious tea. And so Moishe aged and he aged until one day, the almighty came after his mortal coil. Surrounded by family, Moishe makes his final farewells. Everyone weeps. But just as he is about to depart this world, someone calls from the back of the room to his death bed: "Moishe, please, Moishe... tell us, how do you make your tea?"  Moishe smirks, with his last breaths says, "Come closer, I will tell you the secret."  The family comes closer. Moishe musters a breath: "Closer."  Everyone is at Moishe's paling face. Moishe knows this will be his dying words and his final breath. He fills his lungs and lets out:  "It never hurts to add an extra pinch of leaves."
How to make a Muslim slim? Take away his suicide vest.
Two Jewish kids are fighting, one throws ash on the other. The other says:"Don't get your parents involved"
Where did Jesus learn to make ice cream? Sundae School
Why did Jesus' crucifixion save us? Because he nailed it!
What do you call an attractive, Jewish lemon with no worldly possessions? An aesthetic ascetic acidic Hasidic. 
I decided I'm going to open a bar for Muslim Rock Bands to play at... I'm going to call it...  Allah Hu-Rock Bar
What is the difference between a boy scout and a Jew? A boy scout comes home from camp. 
A Rabbi, A Catholic Priest and a Animal Handler walked into a bar. How do I know they were all blind? They walked *into* the bar.
An islamist fraudster has just scammed the Pope. He played him like an in-fiddle.
I'm convinced that Jesus must have been a homosexual. Why else would he so frequently exclaim "Aye, men"?
Why should you bring two Muslims with you when you go fishing? Because if you only bring one, he'll drink all your beer.
The Pope contracts a rare terminal illness. The best specialists were quietly called in from around the world for consultation.After much debate and research they determined that the only hope to save the Pope's life was for him to have sexual relations with a woman. His advisors were notified and they in turn spoke in confidence with the pope. The Pope informs them that he needs a day to pray about it.  The next day the Pope summons his advisors and has the room sealed. "My sons, after much prayerful consideration I have an answer. These are troublesome times and as such, it is not a good time to be without a leader of the church for even a short while. I have decided that you shall arrange for this most unusual treatment to preserve my life, for the good of the church, but on three conditions."  "What are the conditions, Your Holiness?"  "First, the woman that you choose must be blind. For if she sees that she is with the pope, she may either get sense of self-importance as the only woman to ever bed a pope, or she may lose her faith in the sanctity of my station. She must be blind."  "It will be so, what about the next condition?"  "For the same reason, she must also be deaf. While I try to be a righteous man, I am a man and as such I may cry out in pleasure during the act. She must not know that she is with the pope, so she must be deaf."  "Very wise, it will be done. What is the third condition?"  "Big tits."
What's the worst part about being a black jew? You have to stand in the back of the chamber
Why didn't Jesus make the basketball team? Because he only throws Hail Mary's. 
You hear about the Jewish Mother Doll? You pull the string and it rolls it eyes and says, "AGAIN with the string?"
Three Amish women working in the field. As they work they sit there talking about the lives. They do this as the pick the potatoes. The dirt women talks about how all her clothes are as plain and earth like like the potato. Just like god likes it.   Then they start talking about how many kids they have and what they are up to. This while they are picking the strawberries. And the 2nd Amish women say " I swear I have as many children as one strawberry bush has berries. "  Then the move onto the carrots. As they pick this last Amish women pulls out this carrot that is 14" long, 5" wide, " man this one reminds me of my husband". The other two are shocked. " yeah, he is as dirty as this carrot".    *** for those that don't know the real Amish...well if they bath once a week that is a really good start.  
Jesus and God are talking in heaven...  And they see chris angel walking on water with a crowd cheering him on. Upset, jesus says to god " i used to do that all the time and i never once got applaise for it! Time for a comeback."  So jesus goes back to earth, gathers a crowd around a lake and starts walking. After a couple of steps he starts to sink. Confused, he yells to the sky "whats going on?" God with a giggle in his voice replys"you have holes in your feet"
Jesus and the disciples walk into a restaurant.. "We would like a table for 26," says Jesus. "But there's only 13 of you," says the restaurant owner. "Yes but we're all going to sit on the same side."  EDIT: Yes I'm referencing the Last Supper by Leonardo DiVinci
A man goes to see the pope. "Your Holiness. I work for KFC, and we'll offer you ten million dollars to change the reading of the Lord's Prayer from 'Give us this day our daily bread' to ' Give us this day our daily chicken.'"  The pope is aghast! "I can't just go changing God's word for money!"  The man comes back the next day: "Fifty million! Now, think of all the good the church could do with all that money, Your Holiness!"  The pope in unimpressed: "Look, I told you. I just can't do it. I'm sorry."  The guy is back a week later: "Final offer- $500 million. Take it or leave it."  The next day, the pope calls all the leaders of the church together: "Boys, I have good news, and I have bad news. The good news is we've raised $500 million dollars for Catholic Charities."  The room erupts! Everybody is so happy!  The pope waits for the room to settle down. Then- "And now for the bad news: We lost the Wonder Bread account."
Today I met this amazing girl. She was kind, caring, loving. She was like the female Jesus... ...which explains why I wanna nail her.
What do you call a Amish man with his hand in a horses mouth? A mechanic 
A Jewish boy is walking down the road and sees a job advertisement.... The job description says, job available, good sense of smell required.  The Jewish boy looks at his nose and instantly thinks my nose is big enough. I might have a chance at this. So he goes into the shop and sees the owner.  The camp homosexual owner looks and says "ooo look at that nose, your perfect, let's do some tests first though" so the Jewish boy agrees then the homosexual owner takes out a blindfold and puts it on the boy. He says he's got a few smell tests, and you just gave to identify each smell and gets the tests underway.  First he slices an orange in two, puts it under his nose. Straight away the Jewish boy says "oh that's so easy, it's an orange" the owner over the moon starts clapping his hands and gets on with his next fruit. And slices a lemon in half.  The boy sniffs "hmm defiantly different but still citrus... I think it's a lemon" the clapping hand comes again and says to him... 2 more tests and the job is yours... So he slices up an apple. The Jewish boy takes a bit more time "really different this one. It's not a strong scent, but it's definitely an apple" the homosexual owner screams in excitement and says 'well done, I'm really hoping you do well for the last one" He goes out the back and comes back with a rag. Puts it in front of the boys nose he inhales deeply. Next thing he's flat on the floor. Half an hour he comes round with a splitting headache.. He murmurs 'what the hell was that, I've never felt anything like it'  The shopkeeper says with a smile on his face "that's chloroform... It really stings your arse doesn't it" 
Did you Know that Abraham Lincoln was Jewish? It's true. He was shot in the temple.
Jesus is watching you Late one night a burglar broke into a house and while he was sneaking around he heard a voice say, "Jesus is watching you." He looked around and saw nothing. He kept on creeping and again heard, "Jesus is watching you." In a dark corner, he saw a cage with a parrot inside. The burglar asked the parrot, "Was it you who said Jesus is watching me" The parrot replied, "Yes." Relieved, the burglar asked, "What is your name?" The parrot said, "Clarence." The burglar said, "That's a stupid name for a parrot. What idiot named you Clarence?" The parrot answered, "The same idiot that named the rottweiler Jesus."
No wonder they killed Jesus... Have you tasted this guy's blood?
What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza?  That you can't make soap out of pizza.
Jesus walks up to an Arabic man and asks... An Arab man is walking his animals when out of nowhere Jesus appears.   Jesus walks up to the Arab man and asks  "Hi good man, could I speak to your dog?"  The man replies  "Jesus, my dog can't speak"  Jesus ignores the comment and adresses the dog  "Dog, how are you doing, are you treated fair?"  The dog replies  "My lord, I am very happy. My owner feeds my well, walks me 3 times a day, and plays with me all the time"  The Arab man stands there in astonishment  Jesus asks  "My good man, could I now speak to your horse?"  The man replies  "Jesus, my horse can not speak"  Jesus still addresses the horse  "Great beast, how are you, are you treated well?  The horse replies  "My lord, I am a might happy horse. I am walked and trained many times a day, fed very well, my hair is always combed, and all is good."  At this point the man is at loss for words  Then Jesus asks  "My man, may I speak to your goat?"  The man yells out  "NO, NOT THE GOAT, THE GOAT IS A LIAR"   Comment: Wow this got big, thank you very much :)
Jesus arrives at the last supper... ...he walks in and sees a mad party - alcohol, hookers, tables bending under the weight of the food and music thumping. He asks Peter: "what the fuck, Pete?! This was supposed to be a humble going-away dinner; where did you get the cash for all this?!" Peter replies: "I don't know; Judas sold something."
Do you know why the Amish girl was ex-communicated? Two mennonite.
A Jew is being held in prison in the Soviet Union for trying to emigrate to Israel The Jew was studying Hebrew in his cell when the guard sneered at him, "Why are you wasting your time studying that language? You know you'll die here."  The Jew replied, "It is said that Hebrew is the language spoken in Heaven."  The Guard asked, "What if you go to hell?"  To which the Jew said, "Well, I already know Russian..."    *joke not meant to disparage Russians
Southern Baptist will get this. A guy is stranded on a deserted island and has a big SOS made of rocks and a fire burning down on the beach. hoping for rescue.  Finally, after about a year a ship sees his fire and sends a rescue boat to the island. The rescuer gets out of the boat and sees the guy standing on the beach in front of 3 huts.  The rescuer asks "why do you have 3 huts here?"  the guy says, "well, the one on the left is my home and the one in the middle is where I go to church."  Rescuer asks "so, what's the one on the right for?"  "Oh, that's where I USED to go to church."
What's a Muslim women in the cockpit of an airplane called... A pilot
Why couldn't the Amish go waterskiing? Because the horses might drown.
What's the difference between jews and scouts? Scouts come back from the camp.
86% of Catholic priests know how to play the piano... They love to play in A minor.
Moses and Jesus golfing So Jesus and Moses are playing some golf, and Jesus has a pond in between him and the hole. Jesus says "I'm going to bounce it off the water and into the hole." Moses shakes his head "That's never going to work." Jesus assures Moses "Nah don't worry, I saw Tiger Woods do it." Jesus hits the ball and it sinks into the pond, so he walks on the water looking around for his ball.  A few holes later they come upon the same situation and Jesus again decides that he wants to bounce the ball off of the water. Moses tells Jesus "You're not going to make it." Jesus is determined "Nah nah nah, I saw Tiger Woods do it, trust me." So Jesus hits it and it sinks into the pond.  Frustrated, Moses goes over to the bar and orders a beer while Jesus searches for his ball. Seeing Jesus walking on the water, the bartender exclaims "Who does that guy think he is? Jesus Christ?" Moses says "No, he thinks he's fucking Tiger Woods."
Why are the Jews angry about the new $20 bill? Because it's only worth $12 now
What's the worst part about being black and jewish? You have to sit in the back of the oven.
What type of flour is Jesus? Self-raising
"Jesus wants be inside you." Said one Tijuana inmate to a fresh fish.
Why doesn’t Jesus play hockey? He is afraid of getting nailed into the boards.
Rumor has it that Jesus got so hammered on Good Friday that he didn’t wake up for 3 days. Easter Joke... Nailed it.
The Pope dies and is at the Pearly Gates. St. Peter says, "The paperwork is in order and everything is good to go in except your balls".  "My... Balls...? But why?" says the Pope, nervously.   St. Peter replies, "Sorry, they're sacrilegious".
Jesus is watching you A burglar broke into a house one night. He shined his flashlight around, looking for valuables when a voice in the dark said, "Jesus knows you're here."  He nearly jumped out of his skin, clicked his flashlight off, and froze. When he heard nothing more, he shook his head and continued.  Just as he pulled the stereo out so he could disconnect the wires, clear as a bell he heard "Jesus is watching you."  Startled, he shined his light around frantically, looking for the source of the voice. Finally, in the corner of the room, his flashlight beam came to rest on a parrot.  "Did you say that?" he hissed at the parrot.  "Yes", the parrot confessed, then squawked, "I'm just trying to warn you that Jesus is watching you."  The burglar relaxed. "Warn me, huh? Who in the world are you?"  "Moses," replied the parrot.  "Moses?" the burglar laughed. "What kind of people would name a bird Moses?"  "The same kind of people who would name a Pit Bull Jesus."
Jesus on the cross calling john Jesus on the cross, seing John passing by.  "John, John, come here John"  "yes my lord, I m coming right away."  On the way to the cross John gets his arm shopped off by a guard.  Jesus calls him again:  "John, John, come here."  John says:  " yes my lord, I m on my way."  So John full of faith with only one arm tries to pass the guard again but he gets his other arm shopped off.  Jesus continues to call:  "John, John, please come."  John says:  "yes my lord"  Full of pain tries to get closer to Jesus but the guard cuts off one of his legs.  So John is now bleeding without arms jumping on a leg and Jesus continues to call him:  "John, John, come here"  John says:  "yes my lord, I m almost there"  So he tries again to get to the cross but the guard cuts off his second leg so John falls on the floor without arms and legs, he crawls like worm to jesus and when he finally gets to the bottom of the cross bleeding his last drops of blood,  Jesus looks down to John and says  "here you are John, hey you know what John?  From up here I can see your house."
An Amish boy and his father are visiting a nearby mall. They are amazed by almost everything they see, but especially by two shiny silver walls that move apart and back together again by themselves. The lad asks, “What is this, father?”  &amp;#x200B;  The father, having never seen an elevator, responds, “I have no idea what it is.”  &amp;#x200B;  While the boy and his father are watching wide-eyed, an old lady in a wheelchair rolls up to the moving walls and presses a button. The walls open and the lady rolls between them into a small room. The walls close and the boy and his father watch as small circles light up above the walls. The walls open up again and a beautiful twenty-four-year-old woman steps out. The father looks at his son excitedly and says, “Go get your mother.”
Why doesn't anyone want to play MOBAs with Jesus? It takes him 3 days to respawn
What’s the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture.  Happy Easter everyone!
No wonder the Catholic church needed to raise so much money for Notre Dame. Insurance companies won't pay for "Acts of God" claims on a church.
What did Hitler do to the Jews? Hebrewed them
What's the difference between Jesus and a painting of Jesus... It only takes one nail to hold up the painting.
Why was the Amish girl excommunicated? Too Mennonite.  -Christopher Hitchens
I read the report on the sexual abuse of minors in the Catholic church It seems that much of the abuse took place in the rectory. 
What do you call a Jewish person with a sour stomach? an Acidic Jew
Soviet Joke about Jews. Little Jewish boy Moishe comes home, walks up to his mother, and says:  “Mom, mom, I wrote at school today in the column “Nationality" that I’m Russian! “Son, what do you eat for lunch every day?” - "Chicken!" - "And now you will eat potatoes, like all Russian children."  Moishe becomes upset, and goes to his dad, he thinks maybe his dad will approve. Going to dad: - "Dad, dad, today I wrote "Russian" in the column "Nationality" at school!" - "Son, how do you go to school every day?" - "By car dad!" - "And now you will ride a tram, like all Russian children."  Moishe, very upset, goes to his grandfather, maybe he will approve: - "Grandfather, grandfather, today I wrote "Russian" in the column “Nationality!” - "Grandson, how much pocket money did you get for school every day?" - "100 grandfather!" “And now you will receive a ruble. Like all Russian children." Moishe becomes completely upset, and sits down with his family for dinner. Everyone eats a chicken, winking at each other. Moishe eats potatoes. And then Mom asks Moishe: “Well, son, how do you like being Russian?” - "Damn, I'm Russian just for a couple of hours, and already hate you, damn Jews!
Where did the Italians keep the Jews during WWII? In the Spaghettos
A Catholic daughter had not been home for over 5 years.  Upon her return her Father cursed her heavily.  'Where have ye been all this time, child? Why did ye not write to us, not even a line? Why didn't ye call? Can ye not understand what ye put yer old Mother through?'  The girl, crying, replied, Dad... I became a prostitute.'  'Ye what!? Get out a here, ye shameless harlot! Sinner! You're a disgrace to this Catholic family.'  'OK, Dad... as ye wish. I only came back to give mum this luxurious fur coat, title deed to a ten bedroom mansion, plus a 5 million savings certificate. For me little brother, this gold Rolex. And for ye Daddy, the sparkling new Mercedes limited edition convertible that's parked outside plus a membership to the country club ... (takes a breath) ... and an invitation for ye all to spend New Year's Eve on board my new yacht in the Riviera.'  'What was it ye said ye had become?' says Dad.  Girl, crying again, 'A prostitute, Daddy!.'  'Oh! My Goodness! Ye scared me half to death, girl! I thought ye said a Protestant!"
What was Jesus's favourite thing to do? CrossFit   (I know, it's a terrible joke)
What's the difference between Jesus and Will Smith? Will Smith exists.
What's Jesus's favourite thing to do? Hang out
Why did ladies love Jesus? Because he was hung like this. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
There was that one time I was converting from being a Mormon to become a Jew. For many reasons ... .. including I figured I'd save 10% from the tithing alone    Only problem being: those kikes rejected me! Oi vey!!      Well I had to ask why, seeing I'd studied so hard (Hebrew &amp; all that)     Apparently it was because I 'didn't even TRY for 15'     ! 8-0 ! 
A Yorkshireman's dog dies and as it was a favourite pet he decides to have a gold statue made by a jeweller to remember the dog by. Yorkshireman: "Can tha mek us a gold statue of yon dog?"  Jeweller: "Do you want it 18 carat?"  Yorkshireman: "No I want it chewin' a bone, yer daft begger!"
Did you hear about the Catholic Sister who opened a Breaking Bad themed Asian restaurant? She is the Nun who Woks.
A Higgs Boson walks into a Catholic church The Priest says " you can't be here!". The particle replies "you can't have mass without me ”
What’s Jesus’ favorite Beyblade? A dreidel 
What do you call Jesus after going to Chipotle? Holy shit
Why do Jewish men get circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything unless it's 20% off
Who is the best jewish cook ever? Hitler
A Jew and a Japanese Man are Pilot and Copilot A Jew and a Japanese Man are Pilot and Co-Pilot. They have never met or spoken to each other, but during their ascent, the Jew turns to the Japanese man and says, "Fuck you and your people."  The Japanese man, confused, responds, "Excuse you?"  The Jew then says, "You attacked pearl harbor."   The pilot and co-pilot don't speak for the rest of the flight, until they are descending when the Japanese man turns to the Jew and says, "Fuck you and your people."  The Jew, angry, responds, "What the fuck?"  "You sunk the Titanic," says the Japanese man.  "No we didn't," retorts the Jew. "That was an iceberg."  The Japanese man replies, "Iceberg, goldberg, greenberg. Same difference."
A lawyer and the Pope The Pope and a lawyer find themselves together before the Pearly Gates. After a small quantum of time which was spent discussing their respective professions, ol' St. Peter shows up to usher them to their new Heavenly station. After passing out wings, harps, halos and such, St. Pete decides to show them to their new lodgings. Only a brief flight from the welcome, Pete brings them down on the front lawn (cloud-encrusted, naturally) of a huge palatial estate with all sorts of lavish trappings. This, Pete announces, is where the lawyer will be spending eternity, (at least until the end of time...)  "Hot Dang", the Pope says to Him-self,  - If he's getting a place like this, I can hardly wait to see my digs!  They take flight once again, and as Pete leads on, the landscape below begins to appear more and more mundane until they finally land on a street lined with brownstone houses. Pete indicates the third walkup on the left as the Pope's new domicile and turns to leave, wishing the pontiff his best.  The Pope, in a mild state of astonishment, cries out  - Hey Pete! What's the deal here? You put that lawyer-feller in a beautiful estate home and I,spiritual leader of terra-firma, end up with this dive? Pete looks at the pontiff amusedly and replies:  - Look here old fellow, this street is practically encrusted with spiritual leaders from many times and religions. We're putting you here with them so you guys can get your dogma together. That other guy gets an estate, because he's the first damned lawyer to make it up here!
If Jesus was execute by an electric chair.... Does this means that Christians would be wearing an electric chair around their necks?
Whatvis the difference between a priest and the pope? The Pope wears a funny hat when he fucks the altar boys.
My optometrist says I have prophetic vision. I can see 3 years into the future, 2020 vision.
What is Jesus' favorite food? Cheeses.
A white man, a black man, and a Jew were given one wish each. The white man asked for securities; the black man asked for a lot of money; the Jew asked for some imitation jewelry "and that colored boy's address."    Source: *The Autobiography of Malcolm X*. Malcolm X credits Senator Barry Goldwater as the original source of the joke in the book. It kind of blew my mind that Senators could publicly tell jokes like that not all that long ago, but maybe Goldwater's being ethnically Jewish gave him a pass.    By the way, I highly recommend this book to everyone, especially Americans. It's an uncomfortable read at times, but a healthy dose of perspective.
I guess I'll be visiting jewellery stores in Indianapolis on 4th of July It is Indy-pendants day after all
What do you call a sleepwalking nun… A roamin’ Catholic.
The jew and the chinese  A plane leaves the Los Angeles airport under the control of a Jewish captain. His co-pilot is Chinese. It's the first time they've flown together, and an awkward silence between the two seems to indicate a mutual dislike.   Once they reach cruising altitude, the Jewish captain activates the auto-pilot, leans back in his seat, and mutters, "I don't like Chinese." "No rike Chinese?" asks the co-pilot, "why not?"   "You people bombed Pearl Harbor, that's why!"   "No, no," the co-pilot protests, "Chinese not bomb Pearl Hahbah! That Japanese, not Chinese."   "Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese...doesn't matter, you're all alike!"   There's a few minutes of silence.   "No rike Jews!" the co-pilot suddenly announces.   "Why not?" asks the captain.   "Jews sink Titanic."   "Jews didn't sink the Titanic!" exclaims the captain, "it was an iceberg!"   "Iceberg, Goldberg, Greenberg, Rosenberg, Steinberg, no mattah...all same!"
A Jewish boy got a new German girlfriend One night, after insane and wild sex, she goes into the shower, and whisper seductively "come join me in the shower, babe".  He frowns "Oh I wont fall for that one again".
An amish and an atheist has a chat... "So, what do you do for fun? Drink?", the atheist asks. "No!", replies the amish, "Banned!" "Well then, do you dance?" the atheist asks. "NO! Strictly forbidden!", the amish says. "Then what do you do?", asks the atheist. "Well...", the amish starts to whisper, "we fuck". The atheist looks shocked, "Only in the missionary, I assume?" "No, not at all. Doggy style, 69, sometimes we go backdoors...", the amish whispers. "What about standing up?" "NO! THAT COULD LEAD TO DANCING!!"  
A black Jewish boy runs home from school one day and asks his father, "daddy am I more Jewish or more black?" The dad replies "why do you want to know son?" "Because a kid at school is selling a bike for $50 and I want to know if I should talk him down to $40 or just steal it!
Why doesn't Jesus trust mankind?  He's afraid he'll get double crossed
Out of respect, there will be no jokes about a bag full of Jesus allowed here... They're sack religous
In light of the recent Catholic scandals with priests and underage boys, a group of priest was asked if they were a part of any secret sects One father replied "yes, with little Timmay, but how did you know? “
Why do the ladies love Jesus so much? ::holds arms out to the sides:: “cuz he’s hung like this”
A Jew and a German meet at the border The German says "100" repeatetly and calls him through hand gestures, but the Jew ignores him. The next time the Jew decides to see what the German wants, so he comes to him and is shot deadly by the German, after wich he repeats "101".
A black guy, Jew and a homosexual walks into the bar What a fine example of an integrated community
The Pope is going over the Church's finances and one of his accountants informs him there are three bishops who have given almost no money from their dioceses to the vatican! The Pope immediately decides he must visit his bishops to ensure they are not corrupted by greed and are following Catholic law.  He first visits the Archdioces of Paris. France prepares very well for his arrival and celebrates his visit with parades, photo ops with young babies and politicians, and a mass baptism and blessing of thousands at the Seine. When all the events are finally over, the Pope steals away with the Archbishop and has a one on one meeting behind closed doors.  "My son," the pope says, "you are the Archbishop of almost 3 million Parisians and almost 1300 priests, one of the wealthiest regions of a wealthy western nation, yet the Church has seen nothing from your tithes in months! Tell me, has the Devil taken you so far from the light that you would forsake Our Father in Heaven?"  The Archbishop frowns, "Forgive me Father. I have submitted the finances of our Church to the Papal bookkeepers as has been required for centuries. Surely you know that there was a major fire in Notre-Dame earlier this year?"  "Of course! We saw the news of course, and heard tales of the billions pledged to restore her to her former glory. We would have expected a proper 10% to be sent to Us as is required..."  "Ah, I see," replied the Archbishop. "Your holiness, like much of the world you have been misled by the media coverage on our great tragedy. Sure, many billionaires worldwide have pledged half their fortune to the Church, yet somehow even our most basic cleanup crews have gone unpaid in the last month. Those who made pledges did so for notoriety, not piety."  The Pope was shocked and dismayed. "I have heard rumors but I did not believe a Catholic could act in such a disgusting manner, offering a donation in the services of our Lord and reneging. Forgive me, my son, for my doubt. I will ensure this story is clearly presented to the media at once!"  The Pope did as he said he would, and moved on to the next diocese on his list, but not before giving his accountants a stern talking to to ensure he received all the information on the next two diocese.  The Pope and his entourage visit the Archdiocese of Caceres in The Philipeans. While not a wealthy country, the Pope was assured that their numbers just didn't add up. After days and days of community prayers, baptisms, blessings, and parades, the Pope finally had a minute to visit the Bishop in his very modest home.   "My son, " said the Pope,  "you lead the Church in a country that enjoys the largest majority of believers in our Lord in all of Asia! While others may outdo you by sheer numbers, the Philipeans boasts some of the most strong and faithful Catholics in the entire world! Surely you have room in your budget to do your duty to the leadership of His Church?"  The Bishop was very sad at this questioning. "I'm so sorry father, I have done all I believe I can. God has given me the energy to preach every night the virtues of Our Lord in Heaven and His word in the Bible yet our people are losing faith! We are a poor nation besieged by a government that claims to be fighting sin while killing all those who disagree! What little money our worshippers have has been going to funerals and medical expenses. As Pope Francis, God rest his soul, requested of us on his last visit, the diocese have declared all of those costs as charitable donations in the name of Our Lord! We can not serve my people AND single-handedly support your office, Father. I am sorry."  The Pope reflected a moment. Surely this man was doing as God and the previous Popes had required of him. It was he who should be ashamed. "No, my son, please forgive me, an old man who apparently had some poor advisors. You are doing the best work of Our Lord. I give you my blessing to continue as you have and to fight the treachery of your government in whatever ways necessary."  The shocked bishop thanked the Pope profusely.  Hours later on the Vatican's private jet, the Pope again addressed his advisors.   "This trip has been a waste! You assured me that the children of God needed my hand, the hand of this office, to steer them back into the light, yet I have found twice that both diocese are doing more of God's work than a thousand of you each! Tell me, what shall I find in Orlando??"  "Please Father, this one will surely make your holy toes curl," proclaimed their leader, "the diocese there is the largest in the world and boasts a magnificent revenue yet it disappears into the other without increasing their profits not our donations! Sure this one is not a mistake!"  The Pope grumbled but he couldn't turn back now. He was greeted by tens of thousands, rallies across the state of Florida, parades, and politicians. He had never truly believed he could sense evil until his short visit with the leaders of that great nation, yet he was not there to condemn men not of his church. Yet, anyway.  Throughout his visit the Bishop of Orlando was not available a single moment. This disturbed the Pope greatly and it took several days of tracking for the Swiss Guard to secretly track down the man and bring the Pope to where he was hiding. In a rundown shack in the middle of the swamp, they found him watching fox news on an 30 year old CRT television.  "Why are you hiding, my son? I will not harm you so long as you change your ways..."  The poor bishop shook his head. "You're here about the finances. Well I dont know nothin about finances."  The pope gasped. "My son, you are the leader of the largest diocese in the world, almost 14 million square miles! How can you not be aware of that?"   "Hah! 14... that's what you're here for? You want money from the moon?" He could see the Pope's eyes widen. "Oh you didn't even know, did you? Some law from 100 years ago, we took off from Orlando and landed on her surface therefore I get to lead all zero of the folks there now! Every year I get notes from your office about that unprofitable land and every year I tell y'all to fuck off!"  "Dont use such foul language in my presence boy! You are still under investigation for failing to return any money to the vatican for decades!  "Hah! What could you do to me father? I lead the moon! The MOON! You cant touch me. And as for the money, well, as they say: the tithes go in, the tithes go out, you cant explain that!"
[nsfw] If you caught Jesus having sex with himself what would you say? Jesus fucking Christ
Catholicism has 1.2 billion followers around the globe, second only to Islam with 1.8 billion But that's okay because the Catholic church doesn't mind coming in a little behind. 
When Jesus was stabbed on the cross He became even more holey
What does a Jewish beer maker do? He brews
What did Jesus say to the rednecks? Don’t do anything till I get back
What self-defense class would Jesus take? Jew-Jitsu 
How does a Jew make his coffee? Hebrews it
Why do Jews have circumcision? Because the Jewish women will take anything that's 10% off
I met a Jewish girl today. She asked for my number. I told her we use names here.
A Jew and an Arab walk into a bakery. Once inside the Arab grabs three pastries and swiftly stashes them in his pocket. He says to the Jew, “See how good I am? The owner didn’t see a thing.” The Jew says to the Arab, “That’s typical of you Arabs. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result.”  He goes to the owner of the bakery and says, “Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick.” Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. The Jew swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then the Jew swallows that one and asks for a third pastry and eats that, too.  The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, “So what did you do with the pastries?” The Jew replies, “Look in the Arab’s back pocket…..”
How do Jews celebrate Christmas? They put parking meters on their roof.
You guys heard of that new Japanese-Jewish restaurant? It’s called “So-Su-Mi”
My wife is complaining that I never buy her jewelry... In my defense, I didn't even know she sold jewelry.  Edit: I don't know why it tagged this under Religion, it did it automatically and it won't let me change it
What did Hitler say to his jewish friend schwitz when he couldnt come to his birthday party? Awww schwitz!
Why was the Amish girl excommunicated? Two Mennonite
The day is the 24th of May, and the pope and a lawyer both die and go to heaven. They both approach the pearly gates, and the pope arrives first. Standing at the gates is St. Peter. After greeting the pope,  St. Peter takes the him on a tour of a heaven. A small crowd awaits on the other side of the gate and cheers as they pass by, the pope is eventually brought to his new house, a large mansion.   St. Peter returns to the gate for the lawyer, and takes him on a tour as well. Walking through the gate they're greeted by the entire angelic choir, and large crowds on both sides of the road cheering for the lawyer. The tour continues and eventually the lawyer is shown to his new residence, a massive mansion four times as large as the pope's. Confused by the commotion and generosity, the lawyer asks, "St. Peter, why do I have large crowds cheering me and a mansion so large, even larger than the pope's?" "You see," St. Peter says, "We've had hundreds of popes arrive in heaven, but you're the first lawyer."
What do you call a Jewish person with a sour stomach? Acidic Jew
A catholic priest walks into a bar He thinks “has it really been set that low?” as he falls.
A devout Catholic man has just boarded a plane, and he's really dreading the long flight ahead. All of a sudden, the pope boards and takes a seat right next to him! What an honor! The man sits there, thinking about how best to conduct himself and what to say, when the pope takes out a golf pencil and starts doing a crossword puzzle. Wow, His Holiness does crossword puzzles? the man thinks. I hope he asks me for help. That'll be my in for a wonderful conversation!  Sure enough, the pope leans over and asks the man "do you know a four-letter word for a woman that ends in U-N-T?"  Oh no. The man is speechless. He sits there, terrified but trying his best to put on a pensive face, for about 30 seconds. The pope won't speak to me this whole flight if I say what first came to mind...  Then it hits him! "Oh!" he says. "AUNT. The word you're looking for is 'aunt', Your Holiness."  The pope calmly nods. "Ah, of course," he says. "Do you have an eraser?"
A catholic priest was praying Saint Anne. The devil appears: ”Whazzzzup homie, why you pronounce my name so funny?”
What do you call a Jewish rapper? Dr.Dreidel
When do Jews leave a tip? During their circumcision. 
"Jesus loves you!" Good thing to hear inside a church  Bad thing to hear inside a mosque
Jesus' Wife An old nun who was living in a convent next to a Brooklyn construction site noticed the coarse language of the workers and decided to spend some time with them to correct their ways. She decided she would take her lunch sit with the workers and talk with them. She put her sandwich in a brown bag and walked over to the spot where the men were eating.   She walked up to the group and with a big smile said, "Do you men know Jesus Christ?"    They shook their heads and looked at each other. One of the workers looked up into the steelwork and yelled, `Anybody up there know Jesus Christ?"   One of the steelworkers asked, "Why?"   The worker yelled, "His wife is here with his lunch."
Why do kids at Catholic schools learn sex ed faster? Because their lessons are more hands-on.
What did the Muslim say when he finished cooking his Oodles of Noodles? Ramen Done. (Rahmada)
What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest? Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12.
I just finished reading the bible, and it's actually pretty good... *so* good that I can totally see why some people actually believe it's real!
What do you call a bunch of Muslims on a low carb diet? A Mosque-Keto
If Harry Potter was Jewish... Would he be called Harold Spellman?
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver." 
I’ve concluded that bread is better than Jesus. Bread only takes a few hours to rise.
Did hear about the new Jewish hiphop artist? His name is 50% Off and his new hit single is In Da Shul.
How do you keep a Baptist from drinking at your party? Invite two of them
If Liverpool wins, somebody warn the Pope! 1981:  1. A British prince gets married  2. Liverpool wins the Champions League  3. The Pope dies  2005:  1. A British prince gets married  2. Liverpool wins the Champions League  3. The Pope dies  2018:  1. A British prince gets married  2. Liverpool is in the Champions League's final  3. Warn the Pope!
A rich philanthropist decides to give some jewelry to a homeless woman on the street, named Edith. Edith: thanks for the gold!
Allah is one true god... The Universe started with an explosion, isn't it?
Muslims are suffering by mistranslation for 1400 years... Fasting actually means 'eating fast food'.
This Jewish girl asked for my number. I told her, here in the US we go by names.
So Jesus is up on the cross, and James, his most faithful disciple. kneels at his feet, trying to comfort him in his last hours. Soon Jesus, exhausted, says softly "James... James...."  James, trying to comfort the Lord, soothes him "I am here Lord, save your strength"  Jesus falls silent. A little later He says again, "James... James... are you there...."   "Yes, my Lord, I am here" answers James "Be still my Lord, our Father will give you strength"  Jesus falls silent once more, but after a while he starts up again "James... James... I must tell you something..."  James looks up in wonder "what is it, my Lord?"   "James... I can see your house from here"
An elementary school teacher, a lawyer, a Catholic priest and three young boys are on a plane with only three parachutes. Engines explode, plane starts going down. The teacher says, 'Save the children!'  The lawyer yells, 'FUCK THE CHILDREN!'  The Catholic priest looks around and whispers, 'Is there time?'
Moses, Jesus, and an old old man are playing golf the other dayyyyy.... [longish] Moses tees off, and the ball heads straight for the water hazard. *plop* He walks over and uses his club to part the water, and smacks the ball up to the green. One more stroke gets him the par 3.   Jesus is up next and his ball too, goes straight for the water hazard. Luckily it hovers just above the water's surface. Another stroke is in the hole. One under par.   Now the old man steps up and tests the wind, shakes his hips a little and takes a swing.  The ball heads straight for the water hazard.  It lands on a lily-pad, a frog jumps up and swallows it, an eagle swoops down and grabs the frog, and the frog spits out the ball in terror. It falls right into the hole for a hole-in-one.  Moses shakes his head and says to Jesus "I really hate playing with your dad"
What did the pope post on r/buddhistmonks Nothing he didn’t have enough karma
What’s a jew’s favorite football position? Quarterback
Two Jews in heaven have a laugh together God comes by and sees them having a blast. So he asks them:“what are you laughing about?“  Jew:“About the holocaust haha“  God:“ but the holocaust isn’t funny at all!“  Jew: „how do you know? You havnt been there!“
Whenever I’m in trouble, I think, 'what would Jesus do?' Then I pretend to be dead and disappear for three days.
How many Catholics does it take to mentally scar a child for life? Nun. 
An atheist buys an Ancient Roman Catholic lamp at an auction, takes it home, and begins to polish it.   Suddenly, a genie appears, and says, "I'll grant you three wishes, Master."   The atheist says, "I wish I could believe in you." The genie snaps his fingers, and suddenly the atheist believes in him.   The atheist says, "Wow. I wish all atheists would believe this." The genie snaps his fingers again, and suddenly atheists all over the world begin to believe in genies.   "What about your third wish?" asks the genie.   "Well," says the atheist, "I wish for a billion dollars." The genie snaps his fingers for a third time, but nothing happens.   "What's wrong?" asks the atheist. The genie shrugs and says, "Just because you believe in me, doesn't necessarily mean that I really exist."   
A group of Muslims gathered together to race their llamas and camels around a nearby body of water. They're calling it "The Awesome Llama Lake Run."
Some people think the romans were too harsh in their punishment of jesus but I think they really nailed it.
The other day, I found a $20 bill lying on the ground in the street. I didn’t know what to do with it, so I asked myself: “what would Jesus do?” So I turned it into wine. 
My chances with my crush are like jesus's second coming... My mom believes in them but it ain't gonna happen.
The pope is just as picky about his music, as he is about his sexual candidates The key to both is A minor.
I am starting a Jewish rock band Guns and Noses   &amp;#x200B;  \-Jeff Ross 
A Muslim Imam, after years of adherence to the Quran, begins to wonder what pork taste like... He confesses this temptation to his wife who reaffirms that pork is strictly forbidden by their faith.  &amp;#x200B;  One evening, however, he gives in to his curiosity and buys a pulled pork slider on his way back from work. He finds a quiet bench in a nearby park and prepares to take a bite of his sandwich when, out of nowhere, his wife appears and begins to shout at him.  "I told you that this is wrong!" she screams. "Why are you doing this?!!"  .  .  .  .  .  .  "Why?" replies the man, "I DO IT FOR HARAM BAE"  &amp;#x200B;
What is the difference between a Catholic priest and Acne? – Acne comes on your face after you turn 13.
A man takes a seat on a plane next to, none other than, the Pope. The whole flight the man sweats beads being so nervous having been sat next to his holiness.   The man is able to keep his calm and avoid an awkward conversation as the Pope focuses all of his attention on a crossword puzzle.   A couple hours into the flight the man hears his Holiness mumbling in frustration at his puzzle. Eventually the man musters up the nerve to ask the Pope “is there anything I can help you with?”  The Pope says “yes my son. I need a 4-letter word for a woman ending in _UNT”  The man is absolutely horrified. He can’t tell the Pope the answer!! He is the most holy earthling alive. So he thinks and thinks and thinks until finally- it comes to him. He shouts out “of course! Aunt!”  The Pope returns to his puzzle and mumbles again before turning back to the man and asks “do you have an eraser?”
The Jewish Lawyer and the Rabbi &lt;Long-ish&gt;  A Jewish lawyer, distraught and in a semi-panic, ran to his Rabbi pleading, "Rabbi! Rabbi! You must help me!"  The Rabbi, quite concerned, inquired, "What is it? What is wrong? How may I help?"  "It's my son. He just called me. He told me he and his family are converting to Christianity! I don't understand it! I raised him in the faith, he went to the best schools, graduated from Harvard. He's got a beautiful wife and two darling daughters! *My* grandchildren! Converting to Christianity! What can I do?"  "Funny you should come to me," replied the Rabbi, "The same thing happened to me not 3 weeks ago. My son called me and told me he too was converting to Christianity. I was shocked. I raised him in the faith, he was a bright student, graduated with top honors from Yale. He got a wonderful wife and I have three grandsons! Such a blessing, but I was shocked with the news of their conversion."  The lawyer asked, "What did you do?"  "I turned to God for the answer," the Rabbi said.  "Well what did God say?"  The Rabbi replied, "God told me, 'Funny you should come to me...'" 
Why is Jesus afraid of basketball? Because he was traumatized when he got crossed real hard
Two catholic priests are discussing their colleague's retirement. "It's strange", says one priest.  "How so?, asked the other.  The first priest replies, "Well ever since Arthur left his church, the choirboys haven't been able to sing as high."
What is the difference between a Jew and a boy scout? One comes back from camp.
What did the Muslim guy say when his joke made the front page? EDIT: This blew up.  Source: Am Muslim guy.
When Jesus turns water into wine he gets a book but when I turn Water into coke at Panera Bread I get yelled at 
What is the difference between a picture of Jesus and the real Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture of Jesus.
Why did the pope want a swiss guard? He heard how holey their cheese was
What did the Shia Muslim say when he lost his phone? Shiite.
The Pope is flying to Ireland tomorrow for a papal visit. Do you think he will use virgin airways?  Like the clergy?
What does a sunni muslim say when he wakes up? It's time to dump some shite.
What kind of payment does the Pope use to make online transactions? Pa’pal.
Who was the most well known Jewish cook? Hitler
Guy 1: Yo dude, we killed Jesus today, and guess what? We- Guy 2: Don’t say it  Guy 1:  Guy 1: We nailed it
There's little difference between Christians and atheists Of all the gods humanity has ever known, Christians don't believe in just one less than atheists.
Mary asks her son Jesus - Son, did you really turn all that water into wine? Jesus replies: - Mother, was I really a virgin birth? - 1:1, you little bastard!
The three wise men came to the manger with gifts for baby Jesus. They brought gold and frankincense... But wait, there's myrrh!
Four Jewish brothers left home for college... Four Jewish brothers left home for college to become a lawyer, a doctor, a hedge fund operator, and a retailer. They all prospered. Some years later, chatting after a Channukah dinner, they discussed the gifts  that they were able to give to their elderly mother.  The first said, "I had a big house built for Mama."  The second said, "I had a hundred thousand dollar theater built in the house."  The third said, "I had my Mercedes dealer deliver her an 600SL with a chauffeur."  The fourth said, "Listen to this. You know how Mama loves reading the Torah and you know she can't see  very well. I sent her a parrot that can recite the entire Torah. It took 20 rabbis 12 years to teach him. I had to pledge to contribute $100,000 a year for twenty years but it was worth it. Mama just has to name the chapter and verse and the parrot will recite it."  Soon thereafter, Mom sent out her Thank You notes. She wrote:  "Milton, the house you built is so huge. I live in only one room, but I have to clean the whole house. Thanks so much."  "Marvin, I am too old to travel. I stay home, I have my groceries delivered, so I never use the Mercedes...and the driver is a Nazi. A million thanks."  "Menachem, you give me a theater with Dolby sound, it could hold 50 people, but all my friends are dead, I've lost my hearing and I'm nearly blind. Thanks anyway."  "Dearest Melvin, you were the only son to have the good sense to give a little thought to your gift. The chicken was delicious." 
A quick way to figure out a Jewish person's level of devotion to their faith is made simple by using the PH scale. Basic or Hasidic
When Jesus was given his gifts by the wise men... Were they birthday presents or Christmas presents?
A Catholic priest, a Jewish Rabbi, and a hot blond walk into a bar.... The bartender looks at them and says   "Is this a joke?"
Jesus walks into a restaurant Jesus walks into a restaurant and says to the Maitre'd "Table for 26 please"  Confused, the Maitre'd does a quick head count, and says "But there are only 13 of you."  Jesus replies "Yes, but we are all going to sit on the same side"
Why can't muslims eat gorilla? Because its Haram-be.
An old jewish man lies in his death bed... Every breath is more difficult than the previous. He thinks back on his life in preparation for the end. He remembers his childhood and his parents. His sister who married an architect and moved to California. He thinks about his time in the navy and the friends he made. They’re all gone now; he’s the only one left. He thinks of his wife, who he met one wild night in New York. They fell in love and were married six months later. They’ve spent 65 happy years together. They never had children but they’ve lived a rich life together full of friends. And delicious food. His wife, Sheila is a wonderful cook. She made world-class kreplach and a noodle kugel you would anticipate for months. Baking was her specialty.   The breathing was growing impossible. Content, he drew one more breath; his last.  But what is that! That smell! Rugelach! Is it a hallucination? Strengthened by the smell of his wife’s cooking, he put a foot down onto the floor. And then another. He stood up and took a step. Then down the stairs carefully toward the kitchen, the source of the smell.  There was Sheila in her well-worn apron pulling a sheet pan of rugelach out of the oven. There were two more already on the counter and other pastries too.  With tears in his eyes he reached for a piece of mandel bread when his wife slapped his hand away.   “Don’t touch those!” she commanded. “They’re for the funeral!”
St. Peter and Jesus made a deal to only let the people who died in an interesting way pass through the gates of Heaven... After a while, the first man comes to the gates of Heaven. "We have a new rule about which people we can let pass through. How did you die, my son?", asked St. Peter. "Well it's a pretty interesting story. I was late for work, and I was in a hurry. Halfway to my job, I remembered that I forgot my phone. I rushed to my house, to take it. I walked into my bedroom, and I saw my wife half naked, laying in the bed. I was furious, I could feel the blood pumping through my veins. I noticed that the door to our balcony was open. I walk out on the balcony, and I see my neighbor clinging on the fence helplessly. I couldn't control myself, I grab the hammer and I started hitting him on his fingers. I watched him fall down, but he landed in the bushes and he was still alive. Rage filled my body, I went to the kitchen, dragged the fridge to my balcony and I dropped it on him. I watched him die, and my heart just couldn't take it any more - I died from a heart attack", explained the man.  "What an amazing story! That's pretty interesting, you can pass through, who's next?", asked Jesus. In comes the second man. "Hello, we have a new rule...how did you die?", St. Peter explained again. "It was a nice afternoon, I was painting my fence on my balcony. I climbed up to reach a particularly high spot, and then I slipped. As I was falling down, I managed to grab my neighbors fence. I looked up to the sky and thanked God! But shortly after that, my neighbor walks out and starts hitting my fingers like a mad man! I lost my grip, and I hit the ground. Luckily for me, the fall was cushioned by the bushes. I looked up to the sky and thanked God once again! The next thing I saw was a fridge that landed on my head, and that's the last thing I could remember", explained the second man.  "What an amazing story, the second one today! You can pass through, who's next?", asked Jesus. In comes the third man. "Hello, we have a new rule...how did you die?", St. Peter explained the usual. "So, there I was, hiding in the fridge, after the best sex of my...",third man started explaining. Jesus jumps and interrupts him "NEXT"!!!!
What’s a jew’s favorite band? The Black Shabbath 
What's the difference between Jesus and a hooker? The look on their face while you're nailing them
Hitler vs Jesus Jesus gave his 10 disciples bread and wine.   Hitler made 6 million Jews toast.
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and a zit? [NSFW] At least a zit waits until you're a teenager before it cums on your face 
Jesus Saves And He always gets the rebound
How do you find out a Jewish girl's number? Roll up her sleeve and look for the cuts.
At dinner, Little Johnny was asked to lead the prayer... "But I don't know how to pray", he replied.  "Just pray for your family, friends and neighbors, the poor, etc...", said his father.  "Okay", the boy said.  "*Dear Lord, thank you for the visitors and their children, who finished all my cookies and ice cream. Bless them so they won't come again. Forgive our neighbor's son, who removed my sister's clothes and wrestled with her on her bed. This coming Christmas, please send clothes to all those poor ladies on Daddy's Blackberry who do not have any clothes. And provide shelter for the homeless man who uses Mom's room when Daddy is at work. AMEN!*"  **Dinner was canceled!**
Jesus, Moses and an Old man are playing golf. Moses is up first, and after whacking the ball, it falls into a lake. He parts the waters, hits the ball again onto the green.  Then, Jesus has his go, the ball soars at the same lake but this time it floats, so he walks across the water and hits the ball onto the green.  Then the old man steps up. He hits towards the lake but before it hits the water, a trout jumps up and grabs the ball. Before it drops back to the lake an eagle swoops down and catches the trout. - flying over the green and squeezing the trout, making it drop the ball into the hole.  At this point Jesus turns around and says: "Dad, stop messing around we're trying to play golf"
When an Amish screws up He made amishtake. 
The Pope is a lot like Doctor "The Pope is a lot like Doctor Who. He never dies, just keeps being replaced by white men."
How did Jesus stay in shape? CrossFit
Why are Jewish men circumcised? Because Jewish women likes it 20% off.
if Jesus died for our sin.... ...then who died for our cos and tan?
If it wasn't for Muslims, we wouldn't have had 9/11... It would have been IX/XI.
What do you shout at a hot Jewish woman to get her attention? "Challah!" 
My balls are like a muslim woman... Loved and protected but I would never want those bitches seen uncovered in public. 
What do you call a Jew with down syndrome? A baked potato!
I don't like telling jokes about Muslims.  A lot of them have a very short fuse.
When I was in Catholic school, everyone said anal sex didn't count But come on, everyone knows the poophole ain't a loophole
Joseph decides it's time to tell Jesus the truth.... Since Jesus is a teenager, Joseph thinks he can handle it. He tells Jesus that he's not really his father, in a technical sense.   Jesus is incredulous. He can't believe it. He asks who his father really is.   Joseph explains to Jesus that he's the son of god. Jesus can't even comprehend this. He can only manage to stammer out "No way"  Joseph looks at him and says "Yahweh..."
How does Jesus make sweet tea? HEBREWS IT! 
What kind of meat does the Pope eat? Nun
Why does the Pope hate trigonometry? Cos it has a lot of sin
Jewish kid asks his dad for 50p... "40p?! What do you want 30p for?!"
What's the difference between a catholic priest and a zit? A zit comes on your face only after you're twelve.
A horse, Dave and his boss, the Pope, a cab driver, a drunk and his wife... A horse, Dave and his boss, the Pope, a cab driver, a drunk and his wife, a ventriloquist and a Welshman, two kids and their mother, three captives, a teacher and little Johnny, and a preacher and little Sally walk into a bar.  The bartender says, "What is this, some kind of a joke?"  The waitress says, "Why the long face?"  The Pope says, "Who is that with Dave?"  The cab driver says, "Looks like you picked up a real bitch tonight, Dave."  The drunk says, "He also shit in my pants."  The Welshman says, "That sheep's a damn liar!"  The second kid say, "I don't want no fucking pancakes!"  The second captive said, "Because I saw the third guy come around the corner carrying ten pineapples."  Little Johnny says, "The one with the wedding ring, but I like the way you think."  Little Sally says, "If you poke me with that thing one more time, I'll snap it off."  And the preacher fainted.  And the teacher fainted.  And the cannibal chief fainted.  And the kids' mother fainted.  And the sheep fainted.  And the drunk's wife fainted.  And the cab driver fainted.  And the boss fainted.  And the waitress fainted.  And the bartender said, "Heard it fifty times."
What do Muslims and stoners have in common? They both get stoned after smoking weed.
To think, I only just now realized why the holocaust is such a touchy subject with Jews... It's got "caust" right there in the name!
Why did Jesus's NFL career never take off? He was always being nailed to the boards
I saw a guy drop a 100 dollar bill, I picked it up and asked myself: "what would Jesus do?" ......So I turned it into wine
Why are Jews afraid of gas leaks? Because it costs money 
What do you call Muslim guys fighting? Halal beef.
Why can't jesus cross the road? He has two holes hands. 
A Muslim dies and goes to heaven. He is about to climb up the white clouded stairs and stops in front of a golden gate. There is a bearded man waiting for him. The Muslim asks: "Are you Mohammed?" "No, I'm St. Peter. Mohammed is higher up" The Muslim is very happy to hear that Mohammed is more important than Saint Peter and is higher up. He climbs another flight of stairs .Tired, he stops in front of another large gate. He finds a young man with curly blond hairs and asks: "Are you Mohammed?" "No, I'm Michael, Mohammed is higher up" The Muslim is in ecstasy learning that Mohammed is more important than angels. He climbs an even longer flight of stairs. Exhausted, he reaches another gate, even bigger. He is met by a bearded man and asks him: "Are you Mohammed?" "No. I am Jesus. Mohammed is further up" The Muslim is ecstatic and explodes with happiness learning that Mohammed is even more important than Jesus and that his religion is indeed the best of them all. He cannot wait to meet Mohammed. He quickly climbs further up. Panting, breathless, exhausted, he arrives at a huge white gate. Waiting for him is very old man with a long white beard. The Muslim asks with the little breath he has left: "Are you Mohammed?" "No. I'm God, but I see you're tired, come in, seat down, rest for a moment. Do you want some water, a coffee perhaps? And the Muslim says: "Yes, a coffee ... I would be very grateful" So God turns around, raises his hand, whistles, and says. "Mohammed, two coffees" 
The Pope has declared that by 2018, the Vatican will stop selling cigarettes. Thus he confirms that God hates fags.  
Jews and Chinese doing business A Chinese goes to a Jew to buy black bras size 38.  The Jew, known for his skills as a businessman, says that black bras are rare and that he is finding it very difficult to buy them from his suppliers.  Therefore he has to charge $50.00 for them.  The Chinese buys 25 pairs.   He returns a few days later and this time orders fifty.   The Jew tells him that they have become even harder to get and charges him $60.00 each.  The Chinese returns a month later and buys the Jew’s remaining stock of 50, and this time for $75.00 each.  The Jew is somewhat puzzled by the large demand for black bras and asks the Chinese, please tell me:  What do you do with all these black bras?  The Chinese answers: ‘I cut them in half and sell the halves as skull caps to the Jews for $200.00 each.
Why does Jesus like Black Friday? Makes it easier to pay for our sins.  Lotta BOGO deals out there.
An Arab and a Jew stand in front of a Hitler statue. The Jew spits on the statue. Arab: why did you do that? Jew: because he killed half my people.  The Arab spits on the statue as well. Jew: why did you do that? Arab: because he didn't kill the other half.
Why do Jews have such big noses? Air is free.
Why did the masturbating Muslim praise Allah? He was hoping for a goat-send.
A young Catholic girl goes to confession and says "Forgive me Father for I have sinned"  The Priests asks" In what way have you sinned my child"?   "I am pregnant father, and I think it must be the second coming" The girl replies.   The Priests is puzzled by her remark and says " My child, what makes you think that it has anything to do with the second coming"?   The young girl replies " Because I swallowed the first one"
What did Jesus say when everyone was seated?       "Last sup, everybody?" 
What do you call someone who’s part Jew? Jewish
A Catholic nuns car runs out of petrol on the side of the road. She walks for miles and miles until she finds a small farmhouse. She asks the farmer if he could spare some fuel. He says, "Of course, help yourself to as much fuel as you like, but I'm sorry to say that I don't have any container for you to take with you except for this old chamber pot." So the nun fills the empty chamber pot to the brim with petrol and goes on her way. When she finally reaches her car she begins to pour the fuel into her car when a protestant priest passes her by. He can't help but stop and watch her. After she's done he says, "I know we may not see eye to eye on everything sister, but I must say that your dedication to your faith is extraordinary" 
Like Jesus, i tried turning a bottle of water into a bottle of wine... It’s still water
Jesus walks into a restaurant with his disciples. Jesus: "Table for 26, please."  Waiter: "But there are only 13 of you."  Jesus: "Yes but we're all going to sit on the same side."
(Atheism) An Atheist, a Jew and an Arab are eating at Olive Garden. The Arab orders Chicken Shawarma, but alas, they don't make that shit at Olive Garden.   The Jew orders a latkes, but nope, why would Olive Garden  make that Jewish shit?  The Atheist orders a Bible, (they had bibles stocked in the back room), and proceeds to burn it.   And then the Arab blew up the bomb strapped around his waste   
Where do you send a Jew with ADHD? Concentration camp
There's a banquet filled with Catholic Bishops There's a banquet filled with Catholic Bishops. One of the waiters goes up to the Bishop and asks him how to become a Priest.  The Bishop tells him about the vows of poverty.  The waiter says 'if this is your idea of poverty I'd love to see your idea of chastity. :
Why don't Jews wash their hands at work? They're already sterile
Why was the Amish woman kicked out of her church? Too Mennonite  pr. "two men a night."
A Jewish woman goes to see her Rabbi She says to him, "Yankele and Yosele are both in love with me, who will be the lucky one?"  The wise old Rabbi answers, "Yankele will marry you. Yosele will be the lucky one."
Jesus. You can't swing a dead cat without hitting some loudmouth who objects to an old metaphor. Luckily ... I don't have a dog in this fight.
An Amish man and his son... An Amish man and his son go to the mall for the first time- they are amazed! All the stores, all the people! But what takes the cake is a strange double sliding metal door with numbers over it. They watch entranced as an enormous senior woman in a wheelchair rolls inside the doors, and they shut almost silently. The numbers blink up, pause, and then back down, and the doors reopen. A gorgeous, much younger women in a miniskirt emerges and walks away. The father turns, astonished, to his son and hoarsely says, "Go get your mother..."
A Jewish father was very troubled by the way his son turned out and went to see his rabbi about it. “Rabbi, I brought him up in the faith, gave him a very expensive Bar Mitzvah and it cost me a fortune to educate him. Then he tells me last week, he’s decided to be a Christian. Rabbi, where did I go wrong?”  The rabbi strokes his beard and says, “Funny you should come to me. I too, brought up my son as a boy of faith, sent him to university and it cost me a fortune and then one day he comes to me and tells me he wants to be a Christian.”  “What did you do?” asked the man of the rabbi.  “I turned to God for the answer,” replied the rabbi.  “What did he say?” asked the man.  He said, “Funny you should come to me...”
A Jew looks for a husband She goes to her rabbi, and explains she's always wanted to have a family, and it's been very hard for her to find someone. The rabbi thinks for a moment and says "Well, there is a very nice hardworking young man I know who has expressed similar sentiments. Why don't I set you up"?  They go on a date, and it goes well, and she comes the next week to the rabbi.  "How did the date go?"  "Excellent, but he's a Cohen"  "nu, what's wrong with that?"  "How will my children become doctors?"
I wonder what file type Jesus is I mean, He is e-manual
A little Muslim kid losts his mom at the supermarket The assisant asks him: "What does your mom look like?"  The kid says: "I have no idea"
Who knows where Jesus is today? A Sunday School teacher was concerned that his students might be a little confused about Jesus Christ because of the Christmas season emphasis on His birth. He wanted to make sure they understood that the birth of Jesus occurred a long time ago, that He grew up, etc. So he asked his class, "Where is Jesus today?"  Steven raised his hand and said, "He's in heaven."  Mary was called on and answered, "He's in my heart."  Little Johnny, waving his hand furiously, blurted out, "I know! I know! He's in our bathroom!!!"  The whole class got very quiet, looked at the teacher, and waited for a response. The teacher was completely at a loss for a few very long seconds. He finally gathered his wits and asked Little Johnny how he knew this.  And Little Johnny said, "Well...every morning, my father gets up, bangs on the bathroom door, and yells 'Jesus Christ, are you still in there?'!"
What did the Amish baseball sportscaster say? And it’s a swing and Amish.
Why did jesus stop playing hockey? Because he kept getting nailed to the boards.
Why do Catholics eat the body of Christ? It’s Saviory.
What do you call a blind person who hates jews. A not-see.
A Rabbi and a Catholic Priest decide to race each other. Who wins? The rabbi, but the priest just comes in a little behind
A Jewish man, a Frenchman, and an Italian man were bragging about their sex lives. The Jewish man said, “Last week, my wife and I had great sex. I rubbed her body all over with schmaltz (chicken fat), we made passionate love, and she screamed for five full minutes at the end!”  The Frenchman boasted, “Last week when my wife and I had sex, I rubbed her body all over with butter. We then made passionate love and she screamed for 10 minutes!”  The Italian man said, “Well, last week my wife and I also had sex. I rubbed her body all over with olive oil. We made love, and she screamed for over six hours!”  The other two were stunned.  The amazed Frenchman asked, “What could you have possibly done to make your wife scream for six hours?”  The Italian said…………”I wiped my hands on the bedspread.
Where did Jewish raindrops go in Nazi Germany? To the Condensation camps
Did Jesus die a virgin? Of course not! He got nailed before he died.
The Pope, a black guy, and a transvestite all walk in to a bar. The Pope turns to the other two and says: "I think we are in the wrong joke"
Why didn't Jesus play the FC Nazareth vs Bethlehem United ? He was suspended.
What do you call a Muslim pepper? A halal-peno.  I’m sorry.
What did the Catholic priest say to the other Catholic priest as they entered the orphanage? "Let us prey."
So two Catholic priests are hanging outside Toys R Us and an eight year old boy walks by The first priest smirks and whispers to the second priest, “I bet he looked good in his prime.”
What did the old Catholic priest say when he arrived at a 6 year old boys birthday party? Happy birthday.
What is the difference between the Pope’s luggage and a group of teenage girls? One of them are totes blessed and the other are blessed totes. 
Whats the difference between a Rabbi and a Catholic priest? A Rabbi cuts it off, and a Priest sucks it off.
How is a department store like a catholic priest? They both have boys' pants half off. 
What's the difference between acne and a Catholic priest? Acne waits untill a boy's 12 before it comes on his face.
Hey dad, why are they no jews on jupiter? Because its a gas planet son
How many Jews can you fit in a car? 2 In front, 3 in the back and **2 million in the ashtray.**
What's the difference between an adulterous Muslim and a drug addict? The drug addict doesn't scream when he's stoned.
The Amish Space Program is at a stalemate Jebediah and the boys just cannot figure out how to get the horses to go vertical.
What's the difference between Santa and the Jews? Santa leaves presents behind before he goes out the chimney
Where do ultra conservative Muslims go to buy trinkets and crafting supplies? Wahabi Lobby. 
What do you call a retarded Jew? Auschwistic
Four Catholic Women Brag About Their Sons Four Catholic ladies are having coffee together, discussing how important their children are.  The first one tells her friends, “my son is a priest. When he walks into a room, everyone calls him “Father.”  The second Catholic women chirps, “Well, my son is a Bishop. Whenever he walks into a room, people say, “Your Grace.”  The third Catholic woman says smugly, “well, not to put you down, but my son is a cardinal. Whenever he walks into a room, people say, “Your Eminence.”  The fourth Catholic women sips her coffee in silence. The first three women give her a subtle “Well…?”  She replies, “My son is a gorgeous, 6’2”, hard-bodied male stripper. Whenever he walks into a room, people say, “My God”.
Two Amish guys are sitting in a bar. One says to the other, “Hey, are you going to Jebediah’s barn raising tomorrow?”  The second one shakes his head no. “I have too much work to do.  The first one sighs. “Bummer, well, feel free to come along if you change your mind.”  Well, a week or two passes and the two Amish are at the same bar again. The first one says, “Hey, are you going to the barn razing tomorrow? Jebediah is razing his barn.”  The second one shakes his fist angrily. “I thought he just raised his barn! How many barns is he raising!”
Did you know Jesus is on Social Media? Faith Book
What does the pope put on his pancakes? Papal syrup.
I’m gonna open a Jewish coffee shop It’s called Hebrews it.
Why was young Hitler denied entrance from an anti-Jew community? He's a shekel grabber.
What's the worst thing about being a black jew? Having to sit in the back of the oven.
How many Muslim terrorists does it take to destroy America? None; the NRA beat them to it!
What do you call the Pope's scrotum? The Sack of Rome. 
Hey Jesus, what’s your favorite curse word? Jesus replies: evangelism.
The pope dies and arrives in heaven St. Peter awaits him. St. Peter asks who he is.  The Pope: "I am the pope."  St. Peter: "Who? There's no such name in my book."  The Pope: "I'm the representative of God on Earth."  St.Peter: "Does God have a representative? He didn't tell me ..."  The Pope: "But I am the leader of the Catholic Church ..."  St. Peter: "The Catholic church ... Never heard of it ... Wait, I'll check with the boss."  St. Peter walks away through Heaven's Gate to talk with God.  St. Peter: "There's a dude standing outside who claims he's your representative on earth."  God: "I don't have a representative on earth, not that I know of ... Wait, I'll ask Jesus." (yells for Jesus)  Jesus: "Yes father, what's up?"  God and St. Peter explain the situation.  Jesus: "Wait, I'll go outside and have a little chat with that fellow."  Ten minutes pass and Jesus reenters the room laughing out loud. After a few minutes St. Peter asks Jesus why he's laughing.  Jesus: "Remember that fishing club I've started 2000 years ago? It still exists!"
I was going to tell a Jewish joke... But then I decided it wouldn’t be kosher. 
My friend exclaimed, "Congratulations on your new job! How did you get it!?" I grumbled, "The same way the Virgin Mary got Jesus." He laughed, "What, a miracle?!"   I said, "No. Sex that I can't tell anyone about."
Can the pope’s dick fit through a donut? If it’s holy enough.
A devout Catholic man has just boarded a plane A devout Catholic man has just boarded a plane, and he's really dreading the long flight ahead. All of a sudden, the pope boards and takes a seat right next to him! What an honor!  The man sits there, thinking about how best to conduct himself and what to say, when the pope takes out a golf pencil and starts doing a crossword puzzle. Wow, His Holiness does crossword puzzles? the man thinks. I hope he asks me for help. That'll be my in for a wonderful conversation!  Sure enough, the pope leans over and asks the man "do you know a four-letter word for a woman that ends in U-N-T?"  Oh no. The man is speechless. He sits there, terrified but trying his best to put on a pensive face, for about 30 seconds. The pope won't speak to me this whole flight if I say what first came to mind...  Then it hits him! "Oh!" he says. "AUNT. The word you're looking for is 'aunt', Your Holiness."  The pope calmly nods. "Ah, of course," he says. "Do you have an eraser?"
What was Jesus’s real sacrifice? Being Jewish 
What do you call a Mennonite with his arm up a horses ass? The mechanic.
What do you tell a homeless Muslim lady? Get Hijob
What is the difference between a hippie girl and a muslim girl? The hippie girl gets stoned before sex.
Why don't jews like anal sex? Reminds them of the gas chamber.
Jesus walks into a bar... ...and orders a glass of water.
1978: UK's prince marries, Liverpool wins the Champions League, the Pope dies. 2005: UK's prince marries, Liverpool wins the Champions League, the Pope dies.  2018: UK's prince marries, Liverpool is in the Champions League final, and the Pope is cheering for Real Madrid like a madman.
What did the Muslim say after eating a bacon sandwich? That's the way Allah Allah I like it.
How do you pay a jewish doctor for circumcision? You don't! He only keeps the tips.
What kind of meat does a pope eat? Nun
Why did the Jewish girl take a limo to the Synagogue?..... Because she wanted to blow the shofar.
Why is Halloween the Jewish kiddy diddlers favorite holiday? Free delivery!
Seeking inspiration, a screenwriter goes to the holy place of Golgotha in Jerusalem, believed to be the site of Jesus's crucifixion. Finding a quiet spot, he begins to write. Unfortunately, a group of thieves sneak up behind him, knock him out, and steal his laptop. Another victim of a cross site scripting attack.
I met a Jewish girl and she asked for my number. I told her we use names here.
What do you call the Pope under investigation ? Answer :  &gt;! A minor problem !&lt;  [O.C]
A Christian, a jew, and a satanist walk into a bar The Christian and the jew get into an argument about who is right about god and the satanist orders a whiskey 
Why doesn't Jesus play hockey, eh? He's too hung up on lacrosse.
What do you call a jewish freight train service? Israils
How did Jesus get so muscular? Cross-Fit
What do you call an Amish person with his hand up a horse's ass Mechanic
A Christian, Muslim, and atheist walk into a bar And they wake up in the hospital a few hours later with minor head injuries.  Why the hell would you walk into a bar?
I tried to join a Jewish society but they didn't let me in I guess I just didn't make the cut
The Pope dies and arrives in Heaven St. Peter awaits him. St. Peter asks who he is.  The Pope: "I am the pope."  St. Peter: "Who? There's no such name in my book."  The Pope: "I'm the representative of God on Earth."  St.Peter: "Does God have a representative? He didn't tell me ..."  The Pope: "But I am the leader of the Catholic Church ..."  St. Peter: "The Catholic church ... Never heard of it ... Wait, I'll check with the boss."  St. Peter walks away through Heaven's Gate to talk with God.  St. Peter: "There's a dude standing outside who claims he's your representative on earth."  God: "I don't have a representative on earth, not that I know of ... Wait, I'll ask Jesus." (yells for Jesus)  Jesus: "Yes Dad, what's up?"  God and St. Peter explain the situation.  Jesus: "Wait, I'll go outside and have a little chat with that fellow."  Ten minutes pass and Jesus reenters the room laughing out loud. After a few minutes St. Peter asks Jesus why he's laughing.  Jesus: "Remember that fishing club I've started 2000 years ago? It still exists!"
Young Jesus comes running into Saint Joseph’s carpenter shop... “Daddy, did you call me?”  “Ah no, son, I just hit my thumb with a hammer.”
What happens when a Jew runs into a wall with a boner? He breaks his nose 
Why did the Jewish guy open up a coffee shop? Cuz he brews!! 
The Pope Dies and Goes to Heaven but its more realistic    The ARCHANGEL Gabriel awaits him. Good ol' Gabe asks who he is.  The Pope: "I am the pope."  Gabriel: "Nope. I ain't got a pope in my rope" (his book was made out of paper and thats actually fiber and a long piece of fiber is called a string and a lot of string is a rope so therefore every book is a rope-Heaven comedy turned awful after thousands of years)  The Pope: "I'm the representative of God on Earth."  Gabriel: "What God? Just kidding. He's gotta a rep? Never knew..."  The Pope: "But I am the leader of the Catholic Church ..."  Gabriel: "The Catholic church ... What in bojangles... Wait, I'll check with the boss."  Gabe walks away through Heaven's Gate to talk with God.  Gabriel: "There's a dude standing outside who claims he's your representative on earth."  God: "I don't have a representative on earth, not that I know of ... Wait, I'll ask Jesus." (yells for Jesus)  Jesus: "Yes Father, what's up?"  God and Gabe give out the granular gossip in their goldy gazebo-  Jesus: "Wait, I'll go outside and have a little chat with that there fellow."  Ten minutes pass and Jesus re-enters the room laughing out loud, slapping the holes in his arms. After a few days (heaven comedy is also slow), Gabriel asks Jesus why he's laughing.  Jesus: "Remember that fishing club I started 2000 years ago? It still exists!"
A Jew was on his deathbed and told his only son    -Isaac, my son, i am dying. I just want you to know that the 8 houses, 3 apartment buildings, 24 taxis, 17 hotels, 8 shops, 3 swimming pools, the statues, jewelry...     -Are you going to give them to me, dad?     -I'm selling them to you. Very cheap
Pope Francis dies and goes to Heaven An Archangel awaits him. The Archangel asks who he is:  &amp;#x200B;  The Pope: "I am the Pope."  &amp;#x200B;  Archangel: "Who? THere's no such name in my book."  &amp;#x200B;  The Pope: "I'm the representative of GOd on Earth."  &amp;#x200B;  Archangel: "Does God have a representative? He didn't tell me..."  &amp;#x200B;  The Pope: "But I am the leader of the Catholic Church..."  &amp;#x200B;  Archangel: "The Catholic Church.... never heard of it... wait, I'll check with the boss."  &amp;#x200B;  The Archangel walks away through Heaven's Gate to talk with God.  &amp;#x200B;  Archangel: "There's a dude standing outside who claims he's your representative on earth."  &amp;#x200B;  God: "I don't have a representative on earth, not that I know of... Wait, I'll ask Jesus. " (yells for Jesus)  &amp;#x200B;  Jesus: "Yes Dad, what's up?"  &amp;#x200B;  God and the archangel explain the situation.  &amp;#x200B;  Jesus: "Wait, I'll go outside and have a little chat with the fellow."  &amp;#x200B;  Ten minutes pass and Jesus reenters the room laughing out loud. After a few minutes the archangel asks Jesus why he's laughing.  &amp;#x200B;  Jesus: "Remember that fishing club I started 2000 years ago? It still exists!"
How did Jesus stay in such great shape? Crossfit
An Amish family takes a day off to visit New York City An Amish family takes a day off to visit New York City.  They drive their wagon all the way into Time Square because they want to find a hotel with a room overlooking all of the cool sights they have never seen. The husband drops his wife and kids off at the front door of a super fancy hotel and he drives off to go look for a parking spot.  His wife is enamored with everything she is experiencing. There are blinking lights, and giant advertisements and so many sounds she has never heard. She eventually heads toward the hotel lobby and is startled by the doors that open automatically as soon as she walks near.  In the lobby she notices there are so many machines that do seemingly magical things! She sees a few people approach a machine, put a cup underneath and press a button, and it fills the cup with steaming hot coffee. She thinks to herself, ‘I’ve gotta try this.’ So she walks up to the machine, inserts a cup, and presses the button. Sure enough, there’s hot delicious coffee.  She also sees a machine where you put in a few quarters and it gives you a pre-packaged snack or soda. She is in awe, so she tries it. After a few dollars and pressing a few buttons, she has a coke and a bag of cookies. She can’t believe how awesome this place is! To her, it seems like they have a machine that can do anything.  After getting a room, the person at the front desk points her and her kids toward the elevators. Having no idea what they do, but too embarrassed to say, she walks over and decides to watch and see what happens.  Yet again, to her surprise, this machine seems to do the impossible.  As she watches, a frail 80 year old man presses the button, and with his cane, he walks through the open doors into the little room. The doors shut and she is left waiting to see what happens. 30 seconds later, a 25 year old, buff and gorgeous man walks out of the little room.  The woman looks to her son and says, “I think I know what this does. Go get your father.”
Why can’t you put Jews in jail? Because they eat lox
How do you pick up a Jewish girl? With a broom and a dustpan
A Lawyer and the Pope died at the same time, both went to heaven. They were met at the Pearly Gate by St. Peter who conducted them to their rooms.   The Pope's room was spartan with bare floor, army cot for a bed, and a single bulb for light.   They came to the Lawyer's room.   It was huge with wall to wall carpeting, king sized water bed, indirect lighting, color TV, stereo, Jacuzzi and fully stocked bar.   The Lawyer said, "There must be a mistake. This must be the Pope's room!"   St Peter said, "There's no mistake. This is your room. We have lots of Pope's, but you're our very first Lawyer!"
How does the pope clean up big messes? Papal towels
Which Pokemon character is a jew? Ash
When Jesus Christ was crucified his cross was custom made It fit him to a t
Jesus walks into a bar He orders a glass of water
What does the H Stand for in Jesus H. Christ? Hesus 
4 Catholic men and a women were having coffee in St. Francis Square The first man, strikes the conversation with "My son is a priest. When he walks into the room, people call him "Father"".  The second man replies with "My son is a bishop. When he walks into the room, people call him "Your Grace"".  The third man said "My son is a cardinal. When he walks into the room, people call him "Your Eminence"".  The fourth one, with pride, says "Well, my son is a Pope. When he walks into a room, people call him "Your Holiness"".  The lone woman was sipping her coffee in silence. The four men broke it with a subtle "Well....?"  She proudly replies "I have a daughter. Slim, tall,  38D -24 - 36.  When she walks into the room, people say  Jeeeeeesssssuuusssssss!"
What is the worst type of Jew? Ashk a Nazi.
A woman walks into a fancy and very expensive jewellery store. She browses around and spots a beautiful diamond necklace. Curious, she walks over to inspect it.  As she bends over to take a closer look, she accidentally and unexpectedly farts.  Very embarrassed, she looks around nervously and hopes that no one noticed or heard her little accident.  She turns around and to her horror, the salesman is standing right behind her.  The woman tries not to panic as the salesman begins talking to her.  “Good day to you, madam,” he says. “How can we help you today?”  Convinced that the salesman didn’t hear her break wind, she asks him how much the diamond necklace is.  “Madam, let me just say that if the sight of it made you fart, you’ll probably crap yourself when I tell you the price.”
Why doesn’t Jesus play hockey? He keeps getting nailed to the boards. 
Have you heard the joke where Jesus tips over with the cross? It was quickly reposted.
What does Jesus do when he is sad? He turns into Jesus Cryst.
What did the Muslim man say to his wife on their wedding day? A. I'm so happy you managed to get the day off school today
What’s the difference between a catholic priest and a pimple? [NSFW] A pimple waits till your 12 to come on your face. 
It is ramadan... ...now i have religious reasons to be broke and starving.   Note: reposting this as a mark of respect for all those who are practicing it.
A catholic priest asks his friend... “Hey do want to here a pick up line?”  “Alright go” his friend replies.  “Hey are you a victim of child sexual abuse?”  “No?”  “Do you wanna be?”
The United Arab Emirates have recently accepted the Catholic church, A true milestone achievement for the gay community in the UAE.
What do Muslims and Sonic have in common They gotta go fast
When jews get a spray tan, women start wanting to get a taste of them. Orange jews.
On their way to get married, a young Catholic couple is involved in a fatal car accident. The couple found themselves sitting outside the Pearly Gates waiting for St. Peter to process them into Heaven.   While waiting, they began to wonder: Could they possibly get married in Heaven? When St. Peter showed up, they asked him.   St. Peter said, "I don't know. This is the first time anyone has asked. Let me go find out,'" and he left.   The couple sat and waited, and waited. Two months passed and the couple were still waiting.   While waiting, they began to wonder what would happen if it didn't work out; could you get a divorce in heaven?   After yet another month, St. Peter finally returned, looking somewhat bedraggled. "Yes," he informed the couple, "You can get married in Heaven."   "Great!" said the couple, "But we were just wondering, what if things don't work out? Could we also get a divorce in Heaven?"   St. Peter, red-faced with anger, slammed his clipboard onto the ground.   "What's wrong?" asked the frightened couple.   "OH, COME ON!," St. Peter shouted, "It took me three months to find a priest up here! Do you have any idea how long it'll take me to find a lawyer?"
What do gay muslims get when they come out of the closet? Hanged.
I found a wallet today and as a good Christian I thought "what would Jesus do?" So I turned it into wine.
Jesus meets a leper and... ... the leper asks Jesus to heal them. Jesus says "Sorry, I can't heal you. You have a pre-existing condition."
A Greek, a Jew, and an Irishman are accidentally killed by a bus... A Greek, a Jew, and an Irishman are accidentally killed by a bus.   An angel descends and tells them "Actually, there's been a mistake. It wasn't your time to die. We will let you come back to life, but you must promise to renounce your vices."  To the Irishman, the angel said, "Your vice is drinking too much. You can come back to life as long as you stop drinking. We will tempt and test you to make sure you abstain." He agrees.   To the Greek, the angel said, "You engage in perverted sexual practices. You can come back to life only if you remain celibate. We will test you to make sure you comply." He agrees.   To the Jew, the angel said, "Your vice is greed. You can come back to life only if you reform your avaricious ways. But you will be tested." He agrees.  As the three resurrected men are walking down the street, they pass a bar. The Irishman resists. They pass a second bar. He resists again. They pass a third bar, and the Irishman can't resist any longer - he runs toward the bar and instantly disappears in a puff of smoke.   Frightened, the Greek and the Jew continue walking. The Jew spots a penny on the ground, and is able to resist picking it up. Then it turns into a quarter. Still he resists. Then it turns into a dollar. He wavers, but still resists.   It turns into a five. Nope.  It turns into a ten. Nope.  It turns into a $20 bill.   He bends over to pick it up, and both him and the Greek disappear.
"NSFW" Whats the difference between a Santa and a Jew? Santa goes down the chimney.
What if Jesus was gay... And was saying "Ah, men.." all this time?
What did the Muslim dad tell his son? Always say Bismillah before drinking your water because there are 3 jinn in it. Two hydrojinn and one oxyjinn 
Why did the martyred muslim throw-out three of his virgins while in heaven? He wanted to make 'em sixty-nine.
Why are all Jewish men circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that's not 10% off
Why's Jesus so ripped? Crossfit.
What sport do thieves play in Muslim countries? Soccer 
Jesus wept Because he sat on his bike the wrong way
An old Jewish man walked in to a hotel... and asked to rent a room. The clerk said, "Sorry, no vacancies." The man pointed at a couple who were checking out and asked, "What about their room?"  "Sorry," the clerk said, "this hotel is restricted. No Jews allowed."  The old man, looking to have a little fun, said "What makes you think I'm a Jew? I'm actually Catholic."  The clerk says, "Catholic, eh? Tell me then, did God have a son?"  "Sure," the old Jew says, "Name of Jesus."  "And where was He born?"  "In Bethlehem, in a manger."  "And why was He born in a manger?" pressed the clerk.  "Because a schmuck like you wouldn't rent him a room!"
I don't know if you know this, but I was raised catholic... I just gave it up for lent.
How do you pick up a jewish girl? With a broom and duspan.
As a Muslim redditor, I feel disappointed... That my posts never blows up.  Edit 1: Everyone says that my jokes are the bomb, but still this shit didn't explode.  Edit 2: KA-BOOOM!  Edit 3: For those wondering, I am a Muslim for real and I find this shit funny af so chill out guys, no need to hate on religions, we're at /r/jokes after all.  Edit 4: lmao this is Nagasaki all over again.  For those who want so bad to insult me, here is a little secret...I get insulted if you insult the basis and principles of my religion, and the stuff you guys mention are not included. So feel free to say anything guys. Sorry for ruining the joke with this edit. ¯_(ツ)_/¯
The most annoying part about being part of a Muslim family is that it gets very confusing. Like last night I accidentally slept with my wife.
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight... He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.   Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.   Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."   Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"   Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."   Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"   Cop: "More important, sir."   Chief: "A major politician?"   Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."   Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
What do you call a super smart Amish person who uses electricity ? A MENSA-nite !
What does a Jewish person say to their kids after dinner? "Clean up Yiddish!"
Jesus came back home And his father cooked him his favorite meal and bought him a pack of cigarettes   What did Jesus say to that ?   "You're a god dad"
What's a jewish boys least favourite console? The Nintendauschwitz
Why won’t Jewish women only have sex with circumcised men? They won’t touch anything that isn’t 20% off
A guy was boarding a plane when he heard that the Pope was on the same flight... "This is exciting!" thought the gentleman. "I've always been a big fan of the Pope. Perhaps I'll be able to see him in person.” Suddenly, the man realized his seat was right next to the Pope himself! Still, the gentleman was too shy to speak to His Holiness. Shortly after take-off, the Pope took a crossword puzzle out of his carry on bag and began penciling in the answers. "This is fantastic!" the gentleman mused. "I'm really good at crosswords!" It crossed his mind that if the Pope got stuck, he’d ask him for assistance. Almost as if providence struck, the Pope turned to the man and said, "Excuse me, but do you know a four letter word referring to a woman that ends in 'unt'?" The three Cardinals behind, in front of and beside him shrunk down in their seats, as far as possible, all looking for something on the floor. The gentleman was in morbid shock. He couldn’t breathe. He went within himself, thought deeper, longer for a plausible answer and after almost a minute, the dark clouds of evil parted in his mind and the sun shone in. Turning to the Pope, the gentleman said with reverence and politeness, "I believe, Your Holiness, that you're looking for the word, 'aunt.'" "Of course!" the Pope mused, not taking his gaze off the crossword. "You wouldn’t happen to have an eraser, would you?"
Deal with your problems like Jesus did Pretend you’re dead and disappear for three days.
Jesus was up on the crucifix and all his followers were sad that he was leaving.  "Let's make this at least comfortable for him, let's play his favorite song for him." So they all got their instruments and played to their hearts content, the best rendition of the song anyone has ever played. After finishing, they wonder why Jesus wasn't appearing to enjoy the music. Turns out he was, he just couldn't tap his foot in time to the music because of the nail.
The Pope goes to Africa The Pope looks out from the plane's ladder, there is a huge crowd of children waiting for him and he says: Children, I brought many toys for you.     The priest at his side looks at him and whispers: Eminence, these children are many days that do not eat anything.     Then the surprised Pope shouts to the crowd: Ah no! If you do not eat everything, no toys!
Why couldn't the police catch Muslims during Ramadan? They were going to fast.
What happens when a jew has a boner and runs straight towards a wall? He breaks his nose
Jesus walks into a hotel Jesus walks into a hotel, throws three nails onto the counter and says "hey buddy, can you put me up for the night?"
Jesus Is Bisexual Confirmed Fact: Jesus loves everyone  Fact: everyone includes men  Fact: loving men is gay  Fact: Jesus also loves women  Therefore Jesus is bisexual.
A Jewish and a Chinese Guy. Once two dudes, a Jew and a Chinaman were talking.  J: You evil Japanese started World War 2 by bombing Pearl Harbour.  C: I'm Chinese, not Japanese.  J: But you all look the same.  C: Well you sunk the Titanic.  J: That was an iceberg.  C: Iceberg, Goldberg, Bloomberg, its all the same to me.  &amp;#x200B;
Why did the Pope cross the road? He wanted to go see Dave!
What is a muslims favorite animal? His lamb
I once met a member of the Catholic faith who could only face North, East, South and West... His name was Cardinal Directions
Jesus was a gamer. After respawning he went to the next level.
Where can you find a nice Jewish boy? Menschylvania 
How did Jesus get in such good shape? He hung in there.
Hey gurl, are you Jesus? Cuz I wanna nail you.
I went to a Muslim Book Store today. And I asked the owner if they had Donald Trump's new book.  He looked at me and said, "Get the fuck out of here!"  I said, "Yeah, that's the one. Hardcover."
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture if Jesus?? It only takes one nail to hang a picture of Jesus!!
How does a Muslim close a door? Islam's it
A Jehovah's Witness knocks on a Jew's door... A Jehovah's Witness knocks on a Jew's door.  Jew: "Can I help you?"  Witness: "Hello sir, I'm here to tell you about the great Lord Jehovah!"  Jew: "Is that what you call him? You know, we have a name for him too..."  Witness: "No way?!"  Jew: "Yahweh."
My Jewish grandma told me this one An Orthodox Jew is praying to god: "God! I need help, my son converted to Christianity!" God says: "don't worry, that happens to everyone. Even to me!"
Why are Jewish men circumcised? Because Jewish women won’t touch anything that isn’t 10% off. 
A waiter goes to a table of Jews and asks Is anything okay?
Apple Jews... Made with Concentration
What is the difference between a Catholic priest and an Olympic silver medalist? They both came in a little behind.
Jesus walks into a motel Jesus walks into a motel. He sets three nails on the counter and says: "hey buddy. can you put me up for the night?" 
Happy Jew Bear! Sincerely,  The autocorrect team
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the picture of Jesus 
What does a pot smoking boxer and a Muslim woman have in common? A Hijab
If Jesus was born in the end of December... then why the symbol of Christianity is Fish, not Capricorn?
What did the Roman Soldier who put Jesus on the cross say when he looked up to admire his work? Nailed it! 
How Do Jewish Baleen Wales Eat? They gefilter fish.
Jesus said to Thomas 'thrust your hand in my side'. And Thomas replied 'ew!'
Jewelry Store in a Dream. Wife: "In my dream, I saw you in a jewelry store and you bought me a diamond ring."  Husband: "I had the same dream and I saw your dad paying the bill." 
A jewish father finds out that his son wants to be christian He preaches to God to tell him. God answers him: "The same thin happened to *my* son." "So what did you do?", asks the father. "I wrote a new testament"
I found a wallet today and as a good Christian I thought, "what would Jesus do?" So I turned it into wine.
How did Jesus keep in such great shape? CrossFit. 
A lot of people are injecting this new drug called "Jesus", but I've started taking it orally... ...because I'd never take the Lord's name in vein.
John the Baptist was Jesus' cousin.... But his head was once removed.
Is my dad Jesus Because he comes back, I think
Jesus is telling his deciples the story of Easter. "So they nail me to this cross through my hands and feet. Then they put this crown of thornes on me..."    "Shit was so hot I came twice."
What did jesus christ say to the other jesus Christ? JESUS CHRIST!
Three Catholics walk into a bar... ...a priest, a thief and a paedophilie. The other two were sound, though.
A Jewish man on the subway is reading an Arab newspaper. A friend of his, who happened to be riding in the same subway car, noticed this strange phenomenon. Very upset, he approached him. “Moshe, have you lost your mind? Why are you reading an Arab newspaper?”  Moshe replied, “I used to read the Jewish newspaper, but what did I find? Jews being persecuted, Israel being attacked, Jews disappearing through assimilation and intermarriage, Jews living in poverty. So I switched to the Arab newspaper. Now what do I find? Jews own all the banks, Jews control the media, Jews are all rich and powerful, Jews rule the world. The news is so much better!”
Jesus walks up to a crowd of people getting ready to stone a lady to death for committing adultery and says, "Whoever is without sin may cast the first stone."  So this little lady walks up with a big rock and smashes it down on the poor woman and splits her head wide open.  Then the little lady dusts off her hands and starts walking away. Jesus shakes his head and says, "Mom, sometimes you really get on my nerves."
How is a Catholic 6-year old different from a vegan cat? While we all know who's making that  decision, at least one of the two won't have meat forced into their mouth.
How do you get a Jewish girl’s number? Roll up her sleeve
A black Jewish boy runs home A black Jewish boy runs home from school one day and asks his father, “Daddy, am I more Jewish or more black?” The dad replies, “Why do you want to know, son?” “Because a kid at school is selling a bike for $50 and I want to know if I should talk him down to $40 or just steal it!”
In 1272, the Muslims invented the condom, using a goat's lower intestine. In 1873, the British refined the idea by taking the intestine out of the goat first.
A Jewish man with a boner runs into a wall... What does he break? His nose.
Muslim countries would do so well if the Olympic were during ramadan. Because they really fast
They say Jesus was a Carpenter, but............ ....I've got all their albums and I don't remember him singing on any of them.
What does a Jewish man do in a brewery? He brew.
A Jewish father was very troubled by the way his son turned out A Jewish father was very troubled by the way his son turned out and went to see his rabbi about it.  “Rabbi, I brought him up in the faith, gave him a very expensive Bar Mitzvah and it cost me a fortune to educate him. Then he tells me last week, he’s decided to be a Christian. Rabbi, where did I go wrong?”  The rabbi strokes his beard and says, “Funny you should come to me. I too, brought up my son as a boy of faith, sent him to university and it cost me a fortune and then one day he comes to me and tells me he wants to be a Christian.”  “What did you do?” asked the man of the rabbi.  “I turned to God for the answer,” replied the rabbi.  “What did he say?” asked the man.  He said, “Funny you should come to me...”
What's Jesus' Favourite gun? A nailgun
The Pope walked into a bar and was arrested for diddling little boys.
Jesus Christ is hanging from the cross... ...with his followers and apostles at the bottom of the hill, a vanguard of roman soldiers keeping them from approaching.   Jesus calls out, "Peter...Peter..."   The apostle Peter, thinking he will be privy to Christ's final words of wisdom to his followers, charges up the hill with the intent of breaking through the roman soldiers to reach Jesus.   The Romans beat the tar out of Peter and send him tumbling back down the hill.   "Peter," Jesus calls out again. "Peter!"   Once more Peter goes up the hill, staggering in pain this time from his recent beating.   Once more the Romans grab Peter and show him why you don't mess with Roman soldiers. This time they break one of his arms and legs in the process before tossing him back down the hill.   Jesus calls out in a weak but insistent voice, "Peter! Peter!"   Peter crawls slowly up the hill in agonizing pain. The Romans are impressed with his devotion and allow him to pass this time. Peter manages to make it to the base of Jesus' cross.   "Yes, my Lord, what is it?" Peter asks.   "Peter...I can see your house from here."
Who says Jesus couldn't perform miracles? He managed to find mates named Matthew, Mark, Luke and John hanging around in the Middle East.
Why do Jews like bagels so much? They finally get to toast something of their own.
Why do Jew's love jokes? Because they don't have to pay for them.
What's the difference between Mexicans and Jesus? Jesus didn't have tattoos of Mexicans all over *his* body
There's been a recent surge in the number of male crossdressers in the Amish community. Be careful. Women you might see during the day, may actually be mennonite.
Why was Jesus so ripped? Because he did Pontius Pilates
I've been meeting girls off Jdate lately. They always seem to figure out I'm not Jewish when they see my willy. I wonder if it's because of the Swastika tattoo I've got down there.
This elderly woman has a bumper sticker that says "Honk If You Love Jesus..." This elderly lady stops at a stoplight. However, she had poor eyesight and didn't notice that the stoplight had turned green. One by one, a line of cars is created behind her. They all started honking, and she was very happy about this. "All these people really love Jesus!" she said. Eventually, the line of cars was so long that the honking was almost non-stop. So she began honking her horn enthusiastically as she waved out her window. One of the drivers behind her stuck his middle finger out the window, and a few others began to stick up their middle fingers as well. She said, "These people are wonderful. They're giving me these Hawaiian love signs, which is so beautiful." She then stuck her middle finger out the window at them. A few drivers then got out of their cars and walked towards her car. She finally noticed that the light was green. She said to herself, "That took a long time. I'm glad I got along so well with these people."  She then drove off, honking and sticking up her middle finger all along the way. 
Why did the muslim eat Taco Bell? He heard it would give him explosive diarrhea 
Did you hear about the jewler who was in court for selling fake gems? Everything about it was flawed!
A cop pulls over two catholic priests and says "I"m looking for two child molesters"... And the priests reply; "We'll do it!"
What is Jesus' favorite type of gun A nailgun
So, Jesus turned 18, and Joseph went to Maria and told her that he knows what the bible said etc. etc. but he wanted his son to be with a woman at least 1 time in his life. Maria was furious and told Joseph to fuck off. So Joseph and Jesus visited a local whorehouse in Jerusalem and Joseph chose a woman for Jesus and payed for her. Jesus comes back after 5 minutes. Thats ok, first time and all. They go home. Next day at around 3 a.m. in the morning the whore comes raging at their house, kicking in the door and yelling : " YOU FUCKERS, YOU DESTROYED MY LIFE!!!" - banging more and more violent. Joseph puts on his morning coat and opens the door: " But i payed you and all, what is the problem?" Jerusalem prostitute: " Your Son???????? He came into the room and i spread my legs and he looks at me retarded af, puts his hand on my pussy and says: "Let this wound be healed.""
Two Jews walk into a bar. Ouch
If Mary gave birth to Jesus and Jesus is the lamb of God, Does that mean Mary had a little lamb?
When Muslims die they get 72 virgins... I just go to the next primary school
What do our Muslim brothers love to do in a rock concert? Islamin' in the Mosque Pit.
What do you call it when Jesus leaves you on read? Getting Holy Ghosted.
A Jewish guy starts to fight with his nose... He warns his opponent, "Careful, I nose jew-jitsu!"
Why can't Jesus eat M&amp;Ms? They fall through the holes in his hands.
I can prove that Jesus wasn’t a Jew. Race doesn’t exist.
What do Jewish boys wear when the weather gets warm? Schwartz.
How does a Muslim close a door Islams it
What does a muslim do when his car makes a funny noise ? He/She brings it to the Meccanic.
A Muslim guy dropped his wallet today, so I ran after him and gave it back to him. He said “Thank you so much” “Don’t go to the Liverpool game tonight” he added. “Why?”I asked. “ Because it’s tomorrow”
What's Jesus's favorite seasoning to cook with? Au-spice
Jesus's Middle Name is Harold... I've always wondered why people say Jesus H Christ, but I finally figured it out..  &amp;#x200B;  Our father  Who art' in heaven  Harold Be thy name
A Muslim Couple decided to spend their day at the zoo. They stopped at the Gorilla enclosure.  The Girlfriend then said, "The baby gorilla is soooo cute, I want to kiss it"  The Boyfriend then said. "No! That is Haram bae!!"
Did you know it’s a Jewish tradition to place rocks on gravestones? Yeah, flowers were too expensive.
Jesus walks into a bar. And ordered water. 
Why did Jesus cross the road? He didn't, he rode the cross.
The pope goes to New York He is picked up at the airport by a limousine. He looks at the beautiful car and says to the driver, ''You know, I hardly ever get to drive. Would you please let me?''      The driver is understandably hesitant and says, ''I'm sorry, but I don't think I'm supposed to do that.''    But the pope persists, ''Please?''      The driver finally lets up. ''Oh, all right, I can't really say no to the pope.''      So the pope takes the wheel, and boy, is he a speed demon! He hits the gas and goes around 100 mph in a 45 zone. A policeman notices and pulls him over. The cop walks up and asks the pope to roll down the window. Startled and surprised, the young officer asks the pope to wait a minute. He goes back to his patrol car and radios the chief.      Cop: ''Chief, I have a problem.''    Chief: ''What sort of problem?''    Cop: ''Well, you see, I pulled over this guy for driving way over the speed limit but it's someone really important.''    Chief: ''Important like the mayor?''    Cop: ''No, no, much more important than that.''    Chief: ''Important like the governor?''    Cop: ''Way more important than that.''    Chief: ''Like the president?''    Cop: ''More.''    Chief: ''Who's more important than the president?''    Cop: ''I don't know, but he's got the pope DRIVING for him!'' 
Why didn't the Jewish boy come home from camp? Because he was having a great time and decided to stay for another week ... you sick fuckers.
What do you call a jew in space? Star Dust
My jewish friend is mad at me, but I don’t know why. I farted, and he looked at me weird. I thought he was overreacting so I said, a little gas never killed anyone, and now he won’t talk to me
The worst part about being both black and Jewish? Is you have to sit at the back of the oven
Why would Jesus not fit well in this sub? Because he came up with something original
Four Catholic men and a Catholic woman were having coffee. Four Catholic men and a Catholic woman were having coffee.      The first Catholic man tells his friends, "My son is a priest. When he walks into a room, everyone calls him 'Father'."      The second Catholic man chirps, "My son is a Bishop. When he walks into a room, people call him 'Your Grace'."      The third Catholic gent says, "My son is a Cardinal. When he enters a room, everyone says 'Your Eminence'."      The fourth Catholic man then says, "My son is the Pope. When he walks into a room, people call him 'Your Holiness'."      Since the lone Catholic woman was sipping her coffee in silence, the four men give her a subtle, "Well....?" She proudly replies, "I have a daughter, slim, tall, 38" breast, 24" stomach, and 34" hips. When she walks into a room, Everyone say, "Oh My God."  
I don’t like when people distinguish between “Jew” and “Hebrew” I guess you could say I am anti-semantic. 
The Jews wandered in the desert for 40 years. Who the hell gave them such lousy directions?
Kay Jewelers "Every kiss begins with Kay..."  Which is why I get all my wife's jewelry from B.J.s
The Pope had just finished a tour of the East Coast and was taking a limousine to the airport.   Having never ridden in a limo, he asked the chauffeur if he could drive for awhile.  Well, the chauffeur didn't have much of a choice, so he climbs in the back of the limo and the Pope takes the wheel. The Pope proceeds onto HWY 95, and starts accelerating to see what the limo could do. He gets to about 90 mph, and suddenly he sees the blue lights of the State Police in his mirror. He pulls over and the trooper comes to his window.  The trooper, seeing who it was, says, "Just a moment please, I need to call in." The trooper calls in and asks for the chief. He tells the chief that he's got a REALLY important person pulled over, and asks how he should handle it.  "It's not Ted Kennedy again is it?" replies the chief.  "No Sir!" replied the trooper, "This guy's more important."  "Is it the Governor?" replied the chief.  "No! Even more important!" replies the trooper.  "Is it the PRESIDENT??? replied the chief.  "No! Even more important!" replies the trooper.  "Well WHO is it?" screams the chief.  "I don't know Sir." replies the trooper, "but he's got the Pope as his chauffeur." 
What did Joseph say when changing Jesus’s first diaper? HOLY SHIT!
An Irishman, a Mexican, and a white Protestant are in the waiting room of a maternity ward... A nurse walks out and explains that there's been a terrible mix up with the babies and they need the fathers' help to identify them.  The Irishman springs up out of his chair and volunteers to go first. A few minutes later he returns with what is quite clearly a Mexican baby. When questioned by the nurse on why he's decided upon that particular newborn, the Irishman replies,  "Nurse, one of those babies was born a Protestant, and I'm not taking any chances."
A Chinese man enters a Jew's lingerie store... -I want 20 black bras size 85 D.  The Jew:  -Of course, but black is rare  color, so their price is 15$ for each one.  -It does not matter,  said the Chinese,   -I'll pay.  He took the purchase and left. After a week the Chinese returns again.  -I want 30 black bras size 85 D.  -Yes, of course,  said the Jew,  -but it's so hard to get them, so now their price jumped to $25 for each one.  -It does not matter, I'll pay.  said the Chinese, paying for the purchase.   A week later, he comes again to the Store Jew.  -I want 100 black bras size 85 D!  -Yes, but their price has jumped a lot,  the Jew said,  -it is extremely difficult to deliver them; Now they are 55$ for each one,  -It does not matter, I'll pay,  replied the Chinese.  As the jew packed the order, angry with curiosity, he asked:  -Excuse me, but can you tell me what do you do with so many bras?  -I cut them in the middle and sell as Jewish caps for 200$. 
A Jewish man on the subway is reading an Arab newspaper A friend of his, who happened to be riding in the same subway car, noticed this strange phenomenon. Very upset, he approached him. "Moshe, have you lost your mind? Why are you reading an Arab newspaper?" Moshe replied, "I used to read the Jewish newspaper, but what did I find? Jews being persecuted, Israel being attacked, Jews disappearing through assimilation and intermarriage, Jews living in poverty. So I switched to the Arab newspaper. Now what do I find? Jews own all the banks, Jews control the media, Jews are all rich and powerful, Jews rule the world. The news is so much better!"    
Why wasn't Jesus born in America? God couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin.
A Jew, a woman, and a lawyer jump off a bridge, who wins?  Society.  &amp;#x200B;  \*A bit offensive, but I laughed when I heard it, so I thought I would share.
An Irishman, a Mexican, and a white Protestant are in the waiting room of a maternity ward. An Irishman, a Mexican, and a white Protestant are in the waiting room of a maternity ward. A nurse walks out and explains that there's been a terrible mix up with the babies and they need the fathers' help to identify them.  The Irishman springs up out of his chair and volunteers to go first. A few minutes later he returns with what is quite clearly a Mexican baby. When questioned by the nurse on why he's decided upon that particular newborn, the Irishman replies,  "Nurse, one of those babies was born a Protestant, and I'm not taking any chances."
Did you hear about the 25 letters who hated Jews? They were Not Z's.
Where can you buy small Jesus figurines? Jews"R"us
Jesus at Last Supper \*break bread\* This is my body  \*pours wine\* This is my blood  \*open jar of mayo\*  Judas: I'm gonna stop you right there
Jesus said, “come forth and win eternal life.” John came fifth and got a toaster.
Did you hear about the 25 letters that hated Jews? They were not z's.
Jesus Christ and a Hooker What's the difference between Jesus Christ and a hooker?     They make different sounds when they're being nailed.
A guy sits on a plane and realizes he’s sitting beside The Pope. He’s too intimidated to say anything but after awhile The Pope taps him on the shoulder and says, “Excuse me my son, but I’m doing a crossword puzzle and I’m stuck. The clue is ‘a 4 letter word that you can call a woman’ and it ends with U-N-T.”  The man sits for a minute, stumped until he exclaims, “Aha! I got it!! It’s aunt. A-U-N-T!”   The Pope smiles and claps his hands. “Wonderful!! That must be it!! Thank you! One more thing my son, would you happen to have an eraser?”
A Jew, a Catholic and a Mormon were discussing their families. Jew: I have enough children to start my own baseball team.   Catholic: So What? When my wife delivers in the fall, I can start my own soccer team!   Mormon: I got you all beat. Two more wives and I’ll have my own private golf course.
Want to know how the pope got stuck inside the bar? The pope walks into a bar He says to the bartender “What religion are you?” The bartender says “I’m atheist” The pope says “Catholic?” The bartender says “No” The pope replies “Then what religion? The bartender says “Atheist” The pope says “I know you are but who do you believe in” The bartender says “I give up” Then the pope walks into a pole and gets a concussion The pope goes over to the bartender and says “What religion are you? The bartender says “I’m atheist” The pope says “Catholic?” The bartender says “No” The pope replies “Then what religion? The bartender says “Atheist” The pope says “I know you are but who do you believe in” The bartender says “I give up” Then the pope walks into a pole and gets a concussion The pope goes over to the bartender and says “What religion are you? The bartender says “I’m atheist” The pope says “Catholic?” The bartender says “No” The pope replies “Then what religion? The bartender says “Atheist” The pope says “I know you are but who do you believe in” The bartender says “I give up” Then the pope walks into a pole and gets a concussion The pope goes over to the bartender and says “What religion are you? The bartender says “I’m atheist” The pope says “Catholic?” The bartender says “No” The pope replies “Then what religion? The bartender says “Atheist” The pope says “I know you are but who do you believe in” The bartender says “I give up” Then the pope walks into a pole and gets a concussion The pope goes over to the bartender and says “What religion are you? The bartender says “I’m atheist” The pope says “Catholic?” The bartender says “No” The pope replies “Then what religion? The bartender says “Atheist” The pope says “I know you are but who do you believe in” The bartender says “I give up” Then the pope walks into a pole and gets a concussion The pope goes over to the bartender and says “What religion are you? And that is how the pope got stuck in a bar
Why do Jews get circumcised? Because Jewish women refuse to touch anything that isn't at least 10% off
I started to let Jesus take the wheel, but then I remembered... that motherfucker ain’t afraid to die.
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
What is Lost Prophets favorite key to play in? A Minor
How do you radicalize a Muslim? Buy them a skateboard.
The pope dies and gets met by Jesus at the gates of heaven. As they step inside, a ferarri pulls up and a man in red robes steps out with a beautiful blonde on his arm.  Shocked  at such impropriety from a Cardinal, the pope asks Jesus what is going on.  "Oh," says Jesus, "he was a pious, celibate man his whole life, so dad gave him the opportunity to be a rich man and make love to women in heaven."  A few minutes later, a second car, this time a Bentley pulls up and out steps an Imam with a massive joint in his mouth and a bottle of expensive scotch in each hand.  "I'm almost afraid to ask," says the pope, "but who is that?"  "Oh, he was the head Imam in a pious mosque during his life, so dad now lets him get away with everything the Quran prohibited in life."  At that very moment, a massive gold limo pulls up, opens its doors and out comes a group of Rabbis dressed in the most expensive clothing and jewelry heaven can produce. They're accompanied by beautiful women, bodyguards, and a horde of reporters.  "Ah...that's just some of dad's relatives."
Why do Jewish men always get circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that isn't 20% off.
Why do Jews watch porn backwards ? So they can see the hooker give back the money.
Jew: You know what I hate? Fred: What do you hate?  Jew: A _Hollow costume_ without _u_ and _me_ in it.  Fred: Why?  Jew: The costume needs a _shower_, it stinks.
Do you guys have idea how hard it is to make a good Jewish joke? Actually, Israeli easy. 
What did the Mexican say to Jesus when he (Jesus) descended from heaven? Hey, soos.
My family recently moved and our new Jewish neighbors invited us to dinner. While at the table, my Father farts very loudly and everyone knows it was him. I then thought very quickly on how to back up my dad and respond "Cmon' guy's, a little gas won't kill anyone."
The old catholic priest of a small community is called upon by the church for a meeting, and the church sends a young replacement for the time that the old priest is away. This is, infact, the young priests first real service for a community, and he is eager to do his duty.  He gives his first mass, performes it flawlessly, and during his sermon, none of the locals were bored. He is proud of his work, and wants to do more.  So, he sits down on the confession booth after the sermon, and waits for his sheep to come and repent. The first man however, was already a challenge.  "Forgive me father, for I have sinned. It is now 3 months since my last confession." "You can tell me everything, my son.", the young priest eagerly replies. "My wife and I had Anal Sex yesterday, and I now feel ashamed and dirty." The young priest is stunned. He was never told what to say in cases like this.  So, he carefully sneaks out of the booth, and looks for one of the altar boys cleaning up after the sermon. He beckons the boy over, and nervously asks "What does your old man usually give for Anal?" The boy thinks for a second, then shrugges and replies, "Sometimes a Snickers, sometimes a Mars."
An old catholic irishman is lying on his deathbed. He was strict in his religion and firm in his believe for his whole life, cursing the protestants and calvinists with every day he lived. But now, as he is surrounded by his 8 sons and 22 Grandchildren, waiting with him through these last hours, he beckons one of them closer.  "Bobby," he whispers weakly, "get the pastor. Bring him here now, and tell him, I want to convert confession." His sons are stunned by this. How could their father, who had beaten them when they even thought about doubting the word of the pope, betray his faith in these last hours?! But they call the Pastor out of pure respect for their fathers last wish.  After only half an hour, the protestant pastor leaves the room of the dying Irishman, smiling gleefully over the old fools change of heart. His children quickly surround their father, who is now weaker than ever.  "Father," they ask, "How can you betray your church like that?" But he only smiles and replies, "Because I'd much rather have a fucking protestant die than a catholic."
What do you call a family of jewish people who grow apples Apple Jews
Why does Jesus hate hockey? He keeps getting nailed to the boards.
Why did Jesus resume his ministry in the United States?       Because he promised himself he'll only cross the border once.
Jesus was the first superhero. He's got a clouded and vague past, a life and death saturated with only the best intentions, and a shitty sequel that he bailed on less than halfway through.
Pornhub premium users are like jesus They pay for our sins.
Why do you never see catholic bees? Because all bees are insects!
What do you call a Muslim that only prays during the Summer? Sunni.
Have you ever had Jewish Coffee? I heard Israeli good!
What do you call a Jewish queer? Heblew
What’s the difference between acne and a catholic priest? Acne doesn’t come on your face until you’re a teenager. 
Whats the most fun you can have with two jews? Throw a penny between the two of them and see who wins.
What do you call it when the Pope takes a dump? Holy shit!
So Jesus decides to come back to earth... He gets his friend Moses to come with him, and Moses tells him he should warm up doing miracles before he shows anyone. They rent a cabin on a lake out in the middle of nowhere.  The first day, Jesus takes a wine glass, fills it with water and turns it into wine! Moses is suitably impressed.  The second day, they go out on the lake and catch two fish, and Jesus multiplies them so they'll have plenty. Moses is, again, impressed.  The third day, Jesus decides to walk across the lake. He walks out, but pretty soon the water is up to his knees and he heads back.  "Why can't I walk on water, Moses?" he asked.  "I have no idea. Let's take a break and try again tomorrow."  The next day, Jesus wades out, and again he sinks. "I just can't understand it!" he cried.  "I still can't figure it out," said Moses. "We'll give it one more try tomorrow."  The next day, Jesus walked out into the lake again. "Why can't I walk on water anymore?"  Moses thinks for a moment, then asks, "Well...did you have the holes in your feet last time?"
A Jewish couple had been married for over 50 years A Jewish couple had been married for over 50 years and had many children and grandchildren. One day, the eldest son calls his father for a normal chat and his father starts musing   “You know son, after 50 years, I’m not really in love with your mother any more. I’m thinking of getting a divorce and leaving her.”   The son is absolutely shocked and says “Dad, please don’t do anything rash. You love mom! You’ve had 50 wonderful years together. I’m going to call all of my siblings and we’re going to figure this out”.   Panicked, the son calls all of his siblings and asks them what they should do. All of the siblings agree that this situation needs some serious intervention and they all happened to be free in two weeks.   The son calls his father back and says “Dad, please hold out for two more weeks. All of my siblings and I will be home to talk some sense into you. You can’t just abandon this loving, amazing marriage.” His father considers it for a minute or so and says “Okay, but this is going to be tough. I’ll hold off on my decision.”   The son, relieved, hangs up after telling his father he loves him. The father walks quickly into the other room and says to his wife   “GREAT NEWS honey! All of the kids will be here for the holidays!” 
Want heretics out of your Jewish neighborhood? Better Call Saul.
One day a Rabbi was chatting with a Catholic Priest when the conversation turned to a discussion of job descriptions and promotion... ..."What do you have to look forward to in way of a promotion in your job?" asked the Rabbi.               "Well, I'm next in line for the Monsignor's job." replied the Priest.               "Yes, and then what?" asked the Rabbi.               "Well, next I can become Arch-Bishop." said the Priest.               "Yes, and then?" asked the Rabbi.               "If I work real hard and do a good job as Arch-Bishop, it's possible for me to become a full Bishop." said the Priest.               "O.K., then what?" asked the Rabbi.               The Priest, begining to get a bit exasperated replied, "With some luck and real hard work, maybe I can become a Cardinal."               "And then?" asked the Rabbi.               The Priest is really starting to get mad now and replies, "With lots and lots of luck and some real difficult work and if I'm in the right places at the right times and play my political games just right, maybe, just maybe, I can get elected Pope."               "Yes, and then what?" asked the Rabbi.               "Good grief!" shouted the Priest. "What do you expect me to become, GOD?"               "Well," said the Rabbi, "One of our boys made it!"
A Christian, a Muslim, and a Jew walk into a bar... After a few drinks, they start talking about how they came to their respective faiths. The Christian tells his story first: "One day I was traveling across the Atlantic Ocean when we got caught in a terrible rainstorm. I had lost complete control of the ship, so I got down on my knees and prayed to Jesus Christ. Sure enough, for a thousand yards in every direction, the skies cleared up and the waves calmed down. We made it safely across the ocean and I've been a devout Christian ever since."  The Muslim says, "No shit, the same thing happened to me. You see, I was traveling by camel across the Arabian desert when we got caught in a terrible sandstorm. We were completely lost with no hope of finding our way, so I got down on my knees and prayed to Allah. Sure enough, for a thousand yards in every direction, the skies cleared up and the winds died down. We made it safely across the desert and I've been a devout Muslim ever since."  Finally, the Jew says, "No fucking way, the same thing happened to me! I was walking through my city one Saturday morning when I saw a man drop a quarter on the sidewalk. In my faith, there can be no financial transactions of any kind on the Sabbath, so I got down on my knees and prayed to God. Sure enough, for a thousand yards in every direction, it was Tuesday."
What hand does Jesus stir his coffee with? He doesn’t use his hand. He uses a teaspoon. 
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew? Boy scouts come home from camp. 
Why are all Jewish men circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that's not 10% off
Jesus and the Adultress At dawn Jesus appeared in the temple courts, where all the people gathered around him, and he sat down to teach. The Pharisees brought in a woman caught in adultery. They made her stand before the group and said to Jesus, “Teacher, this woman was caught in the act of adultery. Moses commanded us to stone such women. Now what do you say?”   But Jesus bent down and started to write on the ground with his finger.   When they kept on questioning him, he straightened up and said to them, “Let he who is without sin cast the first stone.”  At this, those who heard began to go away one at a time, the older ones first, until a woman in the crowd picked up a large stone and cast it at the adulteress, striking her in the head and killing her instantly.  Upon seeing this Jesus turned to the woman and cried "Mom, that's not funny!"
The Jewish Boy and the Muslim Boy David, a Jewish boy, and Ali, a Muslim boy, are having a conversation.   Ali: I'm getting operated on tomorrow.   David: Oh? What are they going to do?   Ali: Circumcise me!   David: I had that done when I was just a few days old.   Ali: Did it hurt?   David: I couldn't walk for a year! 
Being a conservative in college is like being a muslim in an airport your looked over everytime to see if your doing something bad
How do Catholic priests remember choir boys? Fondly.
What’s the difference between Acne and a Catholic Priest ? Acne only comes on a boys face when he’s twelve.
What is the worst thing about being a black Jew ? You have to sit in the back of oven.
An Israeli and his Czech friend were wandering through the forest when a bear reared up and ate the Czech guy.The Jewish guy ran to the nearest Ranger office,to report what happened. The ranger went off in his truck and returned shortly with two bears in cages in the back. ‘These are the only two bears in the vicinity can you identify which one ate your friend?’ The ranger asked ‘How could I recognize which bear is which?’ Said the fellow ‘Well,’ countered the Ranger’ One is a male bear and the other a female, maybe when the bear reared up to eat your friend you saw some junk or maybe you didn’t’ ‘ You’re absolutely correct it was that male bear that ate my friend!’ With that the Ranger promptly shot the female bear. What are you DOING? I told you it was the male bear that ate my friend… ‘We’ll see about that’ said the ranger and he slit open the female bear with his knife and the Czech fellow spilled out of her guts. ‘Wow’ said the guy’ How could you be so sure I was wrong?’ ‘It was real easy’ said the ranger ‘You never trust a Jew when he tells you the Czech is in the male’
Jew, A Catholic, and an atheist are rowing in Lake Erie when their boat springs a huge leak. The Jew looks skyward, and says “Oh, Adonai, if you save me, I promise I’ll sail to Israel and spend the rest of my days trying to reclaim the land you gave us.”   The Catholic looks skyward, and says, “Oh, Jesus, if you save me, I promise I’ll fly to the Vatican and spend the rest of my days singing your praises.”   The atheist says, “Oh, guys, if you pass me that one life preserver, I promise I’ll swim to Cleveland.”   “And how will you spend the rest of your days?” the Jew and the Catholic ask.   “Well,” says the atheist, “I’m not sure, but I can tell you one thing: I’ll never go rowing with other atheists.”
A German asks a Mexican if they have any Jews in Mexico. The Mexican says, “Sí, we have orange jews, apple jews, and grape jews!”
A Muslim, a Jew and a Christian walk into a bar. It hurt.
An old Jewish man lays on his deathbed... An old Jewish man lays on his deathbed...  “Is my wife here?” he asks.   “Yes, dear, I’m right here.” she answers.   “Are my children here?” he asks.   “Yes, papa, we’re here.” they answer.   “Are my grandchildren here?” he asks.   “Yes, zayde, we’re all here.” many small voices answer.   “Then why is the light on in the kitchen?” he asks. 
Why is it hard to find jews? They are behind everything
Why do Jews have big noses??? Because the air is free.
Jesus addresses the angry mob who are stoning a prostitute “Let him who is without sin cast the first stone.” A stone flies through the air and hits the woman. Jesus turns around and says, “Sometimes you really piss me off, Mother.”
What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer? Ash
An old Jew is on his deathbed He looks around, sees his friends, family, rabbi, everybody. He beckons to them and asks:  "Sarah, my wife, are you here?"  "I am, Moshe."  "Isaak, my son, are you here?"  "I am, Father."  "Rebecca, my daughter, are you here?"  "I'm here, Daddy."  "And Avi, my dear brother?"  "I'm right beside you, brother."  "So everyone is here?"  "Yes, Moshe, nobody wanted to leave you alone."  "So who's minding the shop?"   ***  Jews tell the best jokes.
If Jesus was a mathematician, what would you call his followers? Deci-pals.
In Roman Catholicism who invented Cheese? Cheesus  (I'm really high so I apologize if this joke makes no sense)
How did Jesus exercise? Crossfit
Someone challenged me to come up with an original catholic priest joke, so I thought... Nah, I'm not gonna touch that. 
Back in the days of the Soviet Union, a Jewish man living in Moscow applies to move to Israel. At 3:00 AM there’s banging on his door. It’s the KGB.  “You! Jew! You applied to move to Israel?” He nods.  “Here in Russia, don’t you have food to eat?” &amp;nbsp;  “Yeah, I can’t complain.” &amp;nbsp;  “And here in Russia, don’t you have place to live?” &amp;nbsp;  “Yeah, yeah, I can’t complain.” &amp;nbsp;  “And here in Russia, don’t you have job to work at?” &amp;nbsp;  “Yeah, I can’t complain.” &amp;nbsp;  “So, Jew, why did you apply to move to Israel?”  “Because *There* I can complain!”    
What is the difference between a Star Wars action-figure collector who smokes e-cigarettes and a Catholic Priest? One is a toy-loving vapist, and the other...
Jesus woke up with a boner... It was quite the Reserection. 
Jesus christ walks into a hotel. He slames three nails on the counter and says " think you can put me up for the night?"
What's the difference between Mormons and Baptists? Baptists say hello to each other in the liquor store
What rating did Jesus give the Romans for his crucifixion? X/X... They nailed it!
Showerthought: Jesus made a list of sins that would keep you out of heaven and started it with "fornication." The apostles decided to put this list into the book of Corinthians. 6:9
A train ploughs into the side of a catholic girls school bus. A train ploughs into the side of a Catholic girls school bus, killing them all. At the gates of heaven, st Peter asks the girls "have any of you ever touched a penis?"   The first girl, Paula, shyly says "I once touched the head of a penis with the tip of my finger." St Peter says "Okay, dip your finger into the holy water, and you may pass through the gate."  The second girl, Kelly, says "I once fondled with one..." st Peter replies "alright, dip your whole hand in the holy water and pass through the gate."   All of a sudden there is a commotion amongst the group and one of the girls pushes her way to the front. St Peter says "Jennifer! what's the rush?"   The girl replies "if I'm going to have to gargle that water I want to do it before Tammy sticks her ass in it!" 
When the pope brags about the number of choir boys he's met Weird pontiflex but okay
Ten Catholic priests all die in a bus accident. When they arrive at the pearly gates, St. Peter acknowledges them. He sees that they’re all priests and immediately says, "If any of you did the wrong things with altar boys, there’s no point waiting here. You might as well go straight to hell right now!”  Nine of the priests turn around and begin to walk away.  St. Peter calls after them, "AND TAKE THE DEAF BASTARD WITH YOU TOO!”
A nice Jewish girl asked for my number. I of course was happy to tell her... “Oh! We use names here, sorry.”
I used to be Muslim, but then I took an arrow to the knee... Now I Muslimp. 
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash
Why can’t Jesus play hockey? He keeps getting nailed to the boards. 
What's the difference between Jews and Boy Scouts? Boy Scouts come back from Camp
A jew decided to make his own alcohol Hebrew his beers.
Two Amish men want to sell part of their brood of chickens So, they decide to make their way to the market in the center of a large town nearby.   The younger of the two men has never been outside their small community, and is subsequently very excited and also quite nervous.   Rather than taking a full horse and buggy, they decide to ride a donkey the short distance to town and hold their chickens and roosters on their lap.   When they arrive, they are quite surprised to see that there is no place to tether their donkey outside the open-air market. Fearing it will wander off, the two men decide to simply lead it by its reins through the market.   To make sure one of them is not overburdened, they decide the younger should take the donkey and the rooster, and the older will take the old laying hens.  The older man gently speaks to the younger; "Remember Brother Abram- our headstrong steed is often quite stubborn. Should he act out of turn, give him a gentle graze on his snout to calm his nerves."   Brother Abram nods and speaks to the older man, "Yes, Brother Isaac. I shall heed your words."   As Brother Abram begins his walk to try to and sell their virile rooster, the donkey starts to resist Abram and bray softly.   Suddenly, another man and his wife walks past Abram carrying a cage with another large, haughty looking rooster. Upon seeing this man's rooster, the rooster under Abram's arm becomes irate- pecking, clawing, and doing all he can to escape from under Abram's arm. The other man's rooster also becomes upset and begins to claw and peck at the cage.   With all this commotion, the old donkey becomes started, braying and bleating loudly, and bucking wildly in the market.   Upon hearing the commotion, Brother Isaac heads towards the noise only to turn a corner and see the old donkey running away, the two roosters fighting each other on the floor, and Brother Abram..holding a bloody nose and a few knocked out teeth.   "Brother Abram! What has happened to you?!"   "Isaac, we must leave. I do not trust these English! They attacked me for asking them to do a simple favor!"   "Pray tell, Abram. For what favor did you ask?!"   "I but complimented that man on the size of his cock, and ask his wife to hold mine so I could scratch my ass between the cheeks!"   
I keep trying to tell Jesus jokes... But I can't quite nail them.
Two Jews leave Russia One goes to Israel and the other goes to Germany. When they get together a year later, one of them says,  "Abram, I'm doing great. I opened my own business in Haifa. The weather is nice, and everyone speaks my language!"  "You know, Khaim," says Abram. "I'm not doing too bad myself. I live in Munich and work in a crematorium. You won't believe it friend, but I'm actually burning Germans!" 
What did Moses say to jews in Egypt. Lets desert this desert.
A Catholic priest is on vacation so a substitute priest from another parish hears confession. A Catholic priest is on vacation so a substitute priest from another parish hears confession.  A young woman comes into the confessional box and says: *"Bless me Father, for I have sinned. I lied and also missed the Sunday Mass two times."*  The father answers: *"Pray three Hail Marys and it should be forgiven."*  The woman proceeds: *"I also gave a blowjob to a man I'm not married to."*  The father never had this situation so he walks out of the confessional box to ask the altar boys: *"What does the father here usually give for a blowjob?"*  One of the altar boys answers: *"Usually two snickers and a chocolate bar."*    (Translated from German, I hope it's accurate.)
My grandfather's grandfather was a jeweler. His father was a jeweler. He was a jeweler. My father is a jeweler. And I'm an accountant because this is America
What do you call a Rabbi on a hill? Mountain Jew 
Whats the difference between a jew and a bar of soap? A bar of soap can last 40 minutes in the shower.
An old man enters a jewelry store with a much younger woman A balding, white haired man walked into a jewelry store this past Friday evening with a beautiful much younger gal at his side. He told the jeweler he was looking for a special ring for his girlfriend. The jeweler looked through his stock and brought out a $5,000 ring.  The man said, "No, I'd like to see something more special."  At that statement, the jeweler went to his special stock and brought another ring over. "Here's a stunning ring at only $40,000" the jeweler said.  The lady's eyes sparkled and her whole body trembled with excitement.  The old man seeing this said, "We'll take it."  The jeweler asked how payment would be made and the man stated,  "By check. I know you need to make sure my check is good, so I'll write it now and you can call the bank Monday to verify the funds. I'll pick the ring up Monday afternoon."  On Monday morning, the jeweler angrily phoned the old man and said "Sir... there's no money in that account."  "I know," said the old man... "But let me tell you about my weekend."
How do you tease a Jewish midget? Heil Hitler so they can't high five you.
A Jewish man was riding on the subway reading an Arab newspaper A friend of his, who happened to be riding in the same subway car, noticed this strange phenomenon.  Very upset, he approached the newspaper reader: "Moshe, have you lost your mind? Why are you reading an Arab newspaper?"  Moshe replied: "I used to read the Jewish newspaper, but what did I find? Jews being persecuted, Israel being attacked, Jews disappearing through assimilation and intermarriage, Jews living in poverty.  So I switched to the Arab newspaper. Now what do I find? Jews own all the banks, Jews control the media, Jews are all rich and powerful, Jews rule the world. The news is much better!"
Why is Jesus depicted as a white guy? Because he was perfect. 
Jews are the worst Christians Except for one. One became the best.
Next time someone asks you if you've found Jesus Tell them that it wasn't your turn to watch him, and they should have used bigger nails.  
Two Jewish men are talking. Shlomo: Oh Haim, you wouldn’t believe it. Last night, the wife and I were about to have sex, and I prematurely ejaculated. How embarrassing!  Haim: Oh no, what happened?  Shlomo: She comes home after shopping and says she got new lingerie. She says I should sit right there and she will model it for me.  Haim: Oh boy!  Shlomo: So she puts it on and comes back into the room. She starts to do a sexy dance while slowly removing her new bought lingerie.  Haim: It must have been something.  Shlomo: Oh yeah. I was getting quite aroused. She finally removed her lingerie off completely and threw it at me while standing there completely naked. That’s when I climaxed, I just couldn’t hold it.  Haim: Whow, your wife must have a smoking body!  Shlomo: Nah, it wasn’t her body.  Haim: Well, I guess her dancing is super sexy!  Shlomo: Nah, wasn’t that either.  Haim: So what was it?  Shlomo: The tag said 50% off.
What do you call a skinny Muslim A muSLIM.
The Pope dies and ascends into heaven. St Peter mets him at the Pearly Gates and welcomes him into the fold. "Pope, welcome. We would love to make your stay here as comfortable as possible in return for your faithful service to the Lord during your time on earth. What could we do for you?"  The Pope replied "I spent my life studying the word of God, but it was always in the hand of man, and therefore subject to human error. I'd like to know if you have records of what God actually said to His prophets so that I may fully understand His will."  "Oh, we absolutely have that for you. Follow me" replied St. Peter. And the Pope was led into a room with towering shelves filled with leather bound books and scrolls of ancient parchments. The Pope was enthralled and threw himself into this new project. He spent hours every day for the next several years reading the works and gaining key new understanding of God's plan.   But one day St Peter hears and anguished cry ring out from the room. He ran in and found the Pope sobbing and pounding his finger over and over onto a single word.   "Celebrate! Not celibate! The word was Celebrate!"
A Jewish man and a Czechoslovakian man... ..were walking in a national forest. All of a sudden, a bear appeared and ate the Czechoslovakian man. The Jewish guy ran back to find someone to help. He found a Forest Ranger and told him what had happened. So the ranger took a gun and went back into the forest. There were two bears together. "Now there are only two bears on this mountain," the ranger explained. "One is a male, the other is a female. Which is the one that ate your friend?" The Jewish guy said it was definitely the male bear. So the ranger fired the gun and killed the bear, while the other ran away. When they cut it open to see, its stomach was empty.  The moral of the story? Never trust a Jew that says the Czech is in the male.     EDIT: thanks for the nice comments guys, but holy shit some of you need to grow a backbone and stop getting offended 
Why did the Jew jump off the cliff? He couldn’t resist a free fall.
Jesus calls Zeus on the phone Zeus: Hey Jesus!  Jesus: Jesus!
Why the KKK hates Muslims I finally figured out why the Klu Klux Klan hate the Muslims so much. It's because in all of the Muslim countries they're mistaken for women when they wear their robes.
What do you call a Amish guy with his hand up a horses ass?? A mechanic.
What do you call a really tiny muslim? A µslim
What climbs walls and fucks Jews? Gas pipe.
A Jewish man’s mother-in-law is in court for stealing a bag of oranges... The judge says, “Well, since you stole 6 oranges, your punishment is 6 nights in jail, one for each orange.” Immediately the Jewish Man jumps up out of his seat and yells, “WAIT!” The whole room is shocked. “What is it? Do you not feel that this is a fair punishment?” Asks the judge. “Oh No. I think it’s very fair. I just wanted to add that she stole a bag of peas as well...”
What do you call a Jewish Mango? A Mangostein 
Two masturbating Muslim men are on a plane... ...just a couple'a high jackers.
New Catholic Church Outreach Program The Catholic Church has started a new outreach program where it sends out nuns into select communities to pray for businesses, their owners, and their employees. The businesses in the new program have been very receptive to having a nun support their business spiritually. The Catholic Church is calling the program Nun of Your Business.
What the difference between acne and a catholic priest? Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12﻿
What happenes to jokes told by Muslims? They blow up. 
Why don't Southern Baptists have sex standing up? Because it might lead to dancing.
A Jewish Mother was horrified to find out her daughter was divorcing her doctor husband. "Does he hit you?" she asked.  "No Ma."  "Is he cheating on you?"  "No Ma."  "Did he lose his money?"  "No Ma."   "You live in a beautiful house, you have luxury cars, your clothes are of the finest quality, you have a staff to take care of the domestic chores. What does he do so wrong?"  "It's the anal sex ma.  He likes the anal sex."  "And what's so bad about that?"  "It's terrible ma.  Always with the anal sex.  When we got married, my butthole was the size of a dime.  Now it's the size of a quarter. It's just terrible."  "It seems like you are giving up an awful lot just for 15 cents."
Two girls in a Catholic convent school. One whispers to the other: "There's a contraceptive hidden behind the radiator!"  The other whispers back: "What's a radiator?"
The Priest and the Pope Every year the Chief Rabbi will go to the Vatican to see the Pope. And every year he will do the same thing. He would walk all the way through the carpet to where the Pope sits, and hand him an ancient dusty bag. The Pope would then open the bag, and take out an ancient piece of paper and then shook his head. He then put it back and give it back to the Rabbi.  A young Priest saw this when he was very junior in the Vatican. He wondered what was on that piece of paper. He asked around, but nobody knew.  He worked immensely hard through the years, and finally he became the Pope.  The day has finally arrived. The Chief Rabbi hand him the bag, the new Pope finally gets to see what's inside.  He took it out nervously, shaking his hand.  It was the bill for the last supper.  Edit: grammar.
Why don't Baptists have sex standing up? It looks too much like dancing.
Why was Jesus not an elephant? Too bulky for the cross.
Why don't Amish people fear lightning... They resist electricity.
The Burglar and Jesus A burglar broke into a house one night. He shined his flashlight around, looking for valuables.  A voice in the dark said, “Jesus knows you’re here.”  He nearly jumped out of his skin, clicked his flashlight off, and froze. When he heard nothing more, after a bit, he shook his head and continued. Just as he pulled the stereo out so he could disconnect the wires, clear as a bell he heard a voice....say, “Jesus is watching you.”  Freaked out, he shined his light around frantically, looking for the source of the voice. Finally, in the corner of the room, his flashlight beam came to rest on a parrot. “Did you say that?” he hissed at the parrot.  “Yep”, the parrot confessed, then squawked, “I’m just trying to warn you that he is watching you.”  The burglar relaxed. “Warn me, huh? Who in the world are you?”  “I'm Moses.” replied the bird.  “Moses?” the burglar laughed. “What kind of people would name a bird Moses?”   The parrot replied, “The same kind of people that would name their Rottweiler Jesus.”
A fifteen year old Amish boy and his father were in a mall A fifteen year old Amish boy and his father were in a mall. They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again.   The boy asked, 'What is this Father?'   The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, 'Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is.'   While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a fat old lady in a wheel chair moved up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened, and the lady rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the boy and his father watched the small numbers above the walls light up sequentially.   They continued to watch until it reached the last number… and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order.   Finally the walls opened up again and a gorgeous 24-year-old blond stepped out. The father, not taking his eyes off the young woman, said quietly to his son . . .   'Go get your Mother'
A Jewish rope merchant from New York was trying desperately to sell some of his goods in Louisiana. But wherever he went, he kept encountering Anti-Semitism. In one particular department store, the buyer taunted him:  “All right, Jew. I’ll buy some of your rope. As much as reaches from the top of your big Jewish nose to the tip of your little Jewish penis.”  Two weeks later, the buyer was startled to receive a shipment containing ten thousand kilometres of Grade A rope, with a value of millions of dollars. Attached was a note:   “Dear sir, many thanks for your generous order.   Invoice attached. Yours sincerely,   Jacob Triebwasser, New York *(circumcised in Kiev).*”  (this is a joke so old I don't know who to credit it to, but my grandfather told me it)
What is the difference between a catholic priest and an Islamic priest? Nothing they both like kids.
His disciples had persuaded Jesus to have another, bigger Loaves and Fishes gathering at the Sea of Galilee. Jesus agreed, and suggested planning an event for 25,000 in attendance, rather than the 5,000 who had appeared at the first gathering.   Everyone pitched in, and the project was underway.   Nine of the disciples were chosen as the "roadie" crew, and were sent on ahead to the site. Their tasks were to set up the stage, procure the theater-type seating, and design and install lighting and sound systems.   Thomas, Peter, and Judas stayed to help Jesus make arrangements for the food required to feed such a large a group. First of all, they had to determine how many loaves, fishes, and bottles of water it would be needed. So, the four of them sat down to discuss it.   Peter spoke first, "Since we'll be feeding five times as many people this time, I think we should plan to have five of each of the food and drink items. Now, I can't deny that this will make it hard to stay within our budget. But there isn't much choice, in my opinion."   Thomas added, "I agree with Peter. I have my doubts that only one of each is enough, as making do with only that will put a major strain on the power of miracles."   Judas remarked, saying, "I disagree with both of my colleagues. But, Peter is right about the budget issue. We have only 30 pieces of silver to spend - that's not nearly enough for five of everything. Jesus, I think that we have to rely on you for a much stronger miracle this time."   All were silent for a few moments as the three disciples waited to hear what Jesus had to say. Finally Jesus spoke, "As I see it, the deal breaker is a budgetary issue. I'll have to seriously ramp up my miracle making skills. Let's go with one each, like before. And, if we don't have enough for everybody . . . well, we'll cross that bridge when we come to it.”   It was agreed. They started their journey to the Sea of Galilee, having decided to purchase the food at a local market when they arrived.   They made their purchases, then made their way to the Hilton, where they were staying. Early the next morning they prepared to leave for the event location. Jesus was stressed about the huge miracle he had to pull off later in the day. He knew that if the food was at maximum freshness, he could whip up an outstanding miracle. So he instructed that the food items be wrapped and carried a specific way.   To Peter, he said,"Wrap the bread loaf tightly in some parchment, then put it in a clean linen bag. When carrying it, keep the top of the bag tightly folded."   Thomas got his instructions next. "Wrap the fish loosely in parchment heavily soaked in olive oil. Put it into a small woven basket for carrying.”   Then he nodded to Judas and said, "You can bring the water. It's already protected in that clay jug. So, all you have to do, Judas, Iscariot."
A Hindu, a Jew and a lawyer are traveling, taking a scenic route through the country when their car breaks down... It's too late in the day to call a tow truck, so they walk up the road to a small farmhouse to ask for help.  They knock on the door and the farmer warmly greets them.  They explain the situation and he says that he doesn't have he necessary equipment to tow them, but if they would like to stay, he has spare room for only two of them in the house.  One would have to sleep in the barn.  Since they really have no option, the three men argue for a bit over who would be the one to sleep in the barn.  The Jewish man volunteers to sleep in the barn and they all go to their respective beds.  About an hour later, there is a knock on the door.  The farmer opens the door and finds the Jewish man who says "Forgive me for this.  I didn't realize that there was a pig in the barn.  I simply cannot stay there tonight."  The farmer, understanding of this issue, says that it's fine, but there is still only room for two people in the house.  So they all are awake and they argue again over who will sleep in the barn.  This time the Hindu man says he will sleep in the barn.  They all go to bed again.  Another hour passes and then comes another knock on the door.  The farmer, slightly annoyed this time, opens the door to find the Hindu man, who apologetically says, "I didn't realize there was a cow in the barn.  I cannot sleep there."  Again, everybody is awake and there is not even an argument this time.  The aggravated lawyer says, "Fine!  Since you two are so picky, I guess I'll just sleep in the barn!"  And they all go to bed again.  An hour passes, yet another knock on the door...  It's the pig and the cow.
What kind of car does Jesus drive? Emmanuel.
The pope is traveling out of the Vatican for a religious trip and says to his driver... "Can I drive the pope-mobile today? I love driving and they never let me do it in the Vatican!"  The driver, not wanting to refuse to pope, agrees. The pope then proceeds to drive well over the speed limit and is pulled over by a police officer. The officer walks up to the car and notices the pope is driving. The officer says, "Sorry to bother you sir, but I had better radio this in. The captain might want to know about this."  The police officer radios to his captain and says, "I just pulled over someone really important and powerful and I wanted to give you a call before I do anything. Should I give them a ticket?"  The captain replies, "Well that depends who it is and how important they are. Who did you pull over?"  To this the officer replies, "I don't know, but he must be really important because he has the pope as his chauffeur."
A Muslim father catches his son masturbating. He says, "Don't do that my son, or Allah will strike you blind." The child says, "Abu, I'm over here."
I thought I would like having a Jewish roommate, but he's so nosy.
What do you call a Muslim Shakespeare? A Sheikhspeare 
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to put the picture of Jesus up on a wall 
What does a Jew call an ugly non-Jew A Gar-goy-le
If Jesus died for our sins ... Who died for our cos and tan ?
Y'all ever hear the one about the recently married Amish couple? NSFW After a wonderful ceremony, the Amish groom and his new wife hopped into their buggy and started down the road...  After a little while the couple come upon a cattle farm. They see a bull mounting a cow proceeding to fuck. The wife looks to her husband and says, "Honey, what are those cows doing" "They are making rope" he says.  "Oh okay" she replies, and the two keep trotting down the road.  After a while they come up to a horse farm. They see a stallion mounting the mare, fucking. The wife again looks to her husband and says, "Honey, what are those horses doing" "Making rope" he tells her "Oh okay" she says.  A little while later, the couple encounter a farm house. There were two dogs in the yard with the mutt mounting the bitch, fucking. The wife looks to her husband again and asks, "What are those dogs doing?" "Well honey, they are making rope" he says. "Oh okay" she says again...  Now after a little while longer the wife looks to her husband and says, "Hey honey, do you want to make some rope?" "Yeah, I suppose we could do that" he says. So the couple find a freshly mowed meadow and park their buggy, and proceed to fuck.  After a few minutes the wife asks the husband, "What are those things hitting my butt?" "Oh, those are the knots" the husband says.  To which the wife replies, "Well, can you untie those knots I'd like a little more rope".
Why is sex the opposite of Jesus? Because most of us will never get a Second Coming.
What did the muslim man say as he was driving recklessly and passing other cars at dawn? "Sorry, gotta go fast"
What happens when a Jew with an erection runs into a wall? He breaks his nose
"THE DREAM OF JEWELRY " Wife: "In my dream, I saw you in a jewelry store and you bought me a diamond ring."  Husband: "I had the same dream and I saw your dad paying the bill."
Hello, I'd like to introduce you to my friend. He's a Jewish Barista. Hebrew.
So the Pope visits Queen Elizabeth II and she says "Watch Francis! With a wave of my hand I can make every loyal subject go completly hysterical." So she waves her hand and every loyal subject goes completly apeshit.  Then Pope Francis tells her "Well Elizabeth with a wave of my hand, I can give every Irishman and Scotsman eternal joy." To which she replies "Pha, I would like to se you try!"  So he slaps her!
What does a Jewish pirate say? Ahoy-vey
A Korean man and a Jewish man are in a bar, total strangers to one another. The Jewish man walks up to the Korean man and, totally unprompted, punches him in the face.   Naturally, the Korean man goes "What was that for?"  The Jewish man responds, "That was for Pearl Harbor."   "Pearl Harbor? That was the Japanese," says the Korean man.  "Ah, Korean, Chinese, Japanese — you guys are all the same."   Looking not to argue, they part ways.   Later in the night, the Korean man walks up to the Jewish man, and punches him in the face as well.  "Okay, okay, I get it — that's fair. I punched you, you punched me, but what was that for?"  "That was for the titanic," says the Korean man.  "The Titanic? That was an iceberg."  "Yeah — Greenberg, Goldberg, Iceberg. You're all the same."  
Why didn't Jesus fly often? He had issues with Pilates 
I am the worst Jew on Earth. I don't have money, I don't celebrate hannuake, I never read the Torah or visited Israel. Hell, even the Nazi couldn't bother to exterminate me. 
How did the Jewish man shake up his morning routine? He brew some coffee.
Jesus, Moses, and an old man were playing golf. Moses tees up, hits a drive, and it slices hard for the water, landing in the middle of the pond with a splash.  Moses says, "hey, watch this."  He walks to the pond, raises his golf club in the air and strikes it down on the lip of the pond.  A great wind rises and the pond parts with a straight path to his ball.  He walks on the pond bottom, chips his ball up onto the green and in the hole.  &amp;#x200B;  Jesus tees off next, and his drive also slices toward the water.  "Hey Moses, watch this," says Jesus.  He walks onto the water, swings his club into the pond, and his ball lands on the green and rolls into the hole.    &amp;#x200B;  The old man tees up and his drive beelines straight for the water.  At the moment his ball hits the surface, a fish jumps out of the water and snatches the ball.  A split second later, an eagle swoops down and snatches the fish in its talons.  The eagle flies to the green, sets the fish down and the golf ball pops out of the fish's mouth and rolls into the hole.  &amp;#x200B;  Jesus turns around and say "Nice shot, dad. But would you quit screwing around and play golf"?
Why are Muslims and Jews not allowed to eat bacon, which is pork at its best? Because they also cannot handle pigs at their wurst.
Name your kid Allah Akbar Then lose him in the mall
A gay black jewish nazi walks into a bar. He says, "Ouch!".  I don't know if this is someone's joke. It popped into my head.
At church I told a joke about Jesus on the cross. Nailed it.
The pope was on his way to a ceremony with no-one in his limousine except for himself and his driver. The pope checks his watch and says to the driver:  “Huh, we're gonna be a half hour early, you mind if I take the wheel and drive around for a while? I haven't driven since ever!"  The driver is a bit concerned but obeys the pope. So the pope takes the wheel and starts driving like a maniac! Not having driven in a few years he was terrible at it. A few minutes pass with the pope behind the wheel  before they get pulled over by the police. The police officer walks up to the popes limousine and instantly calls his chief after identifying who the driver was. Their conversation went as follows: Officer: " Sir I have just pulled over someone extremely important! Chief: "Really? How important? Like a celebrity? Office: " More important than that sir." Chief: "A politician??" Officer: "Even more important sir!" Chief: "Then quit the chit chat and tell me who he is!" Officer: "Well to be honest with you chief, I don't know who he is either, but his driver is the pope!"
A family of Jews start up a train company. They call it... IsRail
How do you keep a Baptist from drinking all of your liquor when you invite them over? Invite 2 of them
What is abortion of Jewish babies called? The final solution.
Why don't Catholic priests use Tinder? Because they use Kinder.
Jesus stands in front of 40 men and one of his more sceptical disciples. He says to his disciple “these men are hungry” and prays to god for a miracle before handing out a basket of bread and fish.   To Jesus’ surprise, the basket returns seemingly untouched and in joy says to his disciple “do you see! Good has blessed this food and allowed it to feed more mouths than should humanly be possible!”  The disciple turns to Jesus and says “Jesus. These men are vegan.”
My friends are like Jesus they're imaginary
What did Jesus say when he saw his own poop? Holy Shit!
What did the thankful Japanese man name his half-Jewish half-Mexican cat? Arigato   (Credit to my brother who just made it up) 
I was chatting with my Jewish friend about my recent circumcision and how great it was and how quickly I recovered But my friend then replied, “Oh please! Yours may have been easy but mine was so bad I couldn’t walk for a year!”
What do you call Jesus walking to His crucifixion? Crosswalk
What type of surgery do Jewish doctors prefer to perform? Circumcision.  They’re always left with a tip.
Devout Catholic Maria is a devout Catholic. (No condoms for her!) She gets married and has 17 children...and then her husband dies. She remarries two weeks later...and has 22 children by her second husband. She dies.  At her wake, the priest looks tenderly at Maria as she lies in her coffin, looks up to the heavens, and says, "At last...they're finally together." A man standing next to him asks, "Excuse me, Father, but do you mean her and her FIRST husband, or her and her SECOND husband?"  "No," the priest says politely, "I mean her LEGS."
Why do Muslims fast? Cause if they didn’t they’d be musfats all the time.
Pope Francis is super early for his flight and asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while. So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
What happens when a Jew with an erection walks straight into a wall? He breaks his nose.
What do you call it when a Catholic can’t connect to the internet? A Roamin’ Catholic.
Why don't Baptists have sex standing up? Because it could lead to dancing!
Jesus Christ walks into an inn... ... he puts three nails on the innkeeper's table and asks, "Can you put me up for the night?"
Happy Ramadan to all my Muslim brothers and sisters! This month, lunch is on me :)
"Jesus Loves You" A sweet gesture to hear in church but a horrific thing to hear in a Mexican prison. 
I met a Muslim man this Ramadan... We became fast friends.
What's Jesus' go-to ammunition? A Crossbow
What is the difference between Santa and a Jew The direction in the chimney
I’m a man of faith and believe in God and Jesus, but if what Atheists say is true... I won’t be disappointed!
Why shouldnt you make peadophile jokes to the pope? Because it's wholly inappropriate.
What's a Jew's favorite cheese? Matza-rella
Hey is the pope catholic? atheist: what...vow would I know?
What did Jesus say to the sick dog? Heal!
With every passing day, I’m getting more and more convinced that Jews are running this country.  I just moved to Israel a few weeks ago.
My girlfriend moans every time we go swimming, so I've nicknamed her Jesus. Because she's always turning water into whine. 
The Old Jew and the Genie One day, a very old Jewish man was walking down the street when he encountered a tarnished brass lamp.  As he tried to polish it up with his sleeve, lo and behold a genie appeared in a puff of smoke.  "Master of the lamp, I am able to grant you one wish!" the genie bellows.   The old man thinks for a second. He reaches into his pants, pulls out his wallet, and removes a carefully folded piece of paper. He unfolds it and shows it to the genie.  "This is my home country of Israel," he says. "They have never known peace, there is constant strife and turmoil, and my people have been persecuted throughout history. Can you bring peace to my country and people?"  The genie bows. "Master, I am sorry, but there are limits even to my power. I cannot do this task."  The old man nods. "Well then, how about you get my wife to give me a blowjob? It's been decades. I am an old man without much time left. So just one blowjob!"  The genie sighs. "Yeah ... can I see that map again?"
Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all the Jews had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a huge outcry from the Jewish community, so the Pope offered a deal. He'd have a religious debate with the leader of the Jewish community.  If the Jews won, they could stay in Italy; if the Pope won, they'd have to convert or leave.  The Jewish people met and picked an aged and wise Rabbi to represent them in the debate.  However, as the Rabbi spoke no Italian, and the Pope spoke no Hebrew, they agreed that it would be a 'silent' debate.  On the chosen day, the Pope and the Rabbi sat opposite each other  The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers.  The Rabbi looked back and raised one finger.  Next, the Pope waved his finger around his head. The Rabbi pointed to the ground where he sat.  The Pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine.  The Rabbi pulled out an apple.  With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that the Rabbi was too clever. The Jews could stay in Italy!  Later the cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened. The Pope said, 'First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity. He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there is still only one God common to both our beliefs.' 'Then, I waved my finger around my head to show him that God was all around us. He responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us.' 'Finally, I pulled out the wine and wafer to show that God absolves us of all our sins. He pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin.' 'He bested me at every move and I could not continue!'  Meanwhile, the Jewish community gathered to ask the Rabbi how he had won. 'I don't have a clue!!!' the Rabbi said. 'First, he told me that we had three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him the finger.' Then he tells me that the whole country would be cleared of Jews, so I told him that we were staying right here. 'And then what?' asked a woman. 'Who knows...' said the Rabbi. 'He took out his lunch, so I took out mine!'  
Jesus' Birthday    I've been hearing that Jesus wasnt even born December 25. Some experts think he could have been born in the spring.  At least we have the date of his death nailed down.
Jesus goes to a restaurant. The waiter comes to his table and asks, “What would you like to drink?”  Jesus replies, “Water, please.”  The waiter then says, “Wine it is.”
Jesus and his apostles walk into a restaurant Jesus:  Table for 26 please.   Hostess:  But there’s only 13 of you.   Jesus:  We like to all sit on one side of the table. 
Luck of the jewish means waking around the middle east for 40 years and settling in the only place with no oil. 
I'm a jew, and if Hitler came back to life I'd be flabbergassed
Jesus is dying on the cross Jesus is dying on the cross. Peter is down the hill looking up in anguish at his savior. He then hears faintly from the cross high above his head, "Peter. . . Peter. . ." Peter is both excited and fearful. He is determined to get past the Roman Centurions to see what he can do for his master in his final moments. He climbs the hill but as he nears he is beaten and kicked back down the hill by the guards. As he picks himself back up again he hears, "Peter. . . Peter," but now in even fainter tones. With determination in his heart Peter limps back up the hill and manages to sneak past the guard as the Centurion is beating another spectator. Just then the guard spots Peter and tosses him again down the hill. Once more he hears Jesus call out “Peter........Peter”, and again Peter makes the trek to the top by running past the guard as he is being whipped for his disobedience. Peter gets to the bottom of the cross, looks up high above his head to the bleeding and sweating Jesus. Jesus now calls out "Peter.....Peter....” in an even fainter voice. Peter shouts “I’m here Lord. What do you need?” Jesus looks down at his favorite disciple and tries to clear his throat of blood. As the skies darken and an unearthly wind begins to blow, Jesus says  "Peter....Peter........Look, I can see your house from here."
If Jesus had a kink what would it be? Cross-play
A Muslim guy just walked into my store and bought a bunch of fog machines. So I called the cops. He must belong to an extreme mist organization.
Why does jesus get nervous when playing basketball? He's afraid of getting crossed up.
Where does a Hasidic Jew get his hair cut? The hair shalom
When Jesus rose from the dead, everyone said “No way” Jesus responded “Yahweh”
It would be fun to play video games with Jesus at first.... But then it would take him 3 days to respawn.
I have proof Jesus was a black man... He loved Gospel, he called everyone 'Brother', and he couldn't get a fair trial.
What weapon would Jesus use? A nail gun.
"Jesus loves you" is a wonderful thing to hear in church. But a horrible thing to hear in a Mexican prison.
Where do Jewish students go to study? Concentration camps
What do you call a drunk Muslim? Mohammered
Jesus may have walked on water But Stephen Hawking could run on batteries
What are Amish children called? Omelettes.
An American, a German, a Canadian, and a Jew are sent to a deserted island as part of a reality show. They are told to bring one item each.  1. The American brings a smartphone  2. The German brings a book. 3. The Canadian brings a laptop 4. The Jew brings a blow up doll.  One year later, the Jew has a smartphone, a book, and a laptop.
What's the difference between a jeweler and a jailer? One sells watches The other watches cells.
It's impressive that Jesus can turn water in to wine but did you know that Adam can turn water in to electricity
What do you call it when Jesus gets a boner? A resurrection.
I've put massive billboards up on the side of my house one says "Henry the VIII was a Fat protestant Bigamist" and the other says "Elizabeth the 1st was an ugly ginger virgin".  Well the wife said she always wanted to live in a Mock tudor house .
Why can’t Jesus eat Skittles? Because he has holes in his hands
What do you call the front part of an Amish horse drawn buggy?      The Yoder motor
What is Jesus's least favorite form of exercise? CrossFit
Jesus tried to do a crossword He got stuck on 2 across
Why did the Jewish man not tip at the restaurant? Because he gave all his tips to the Rabbi
How many Amish people does it take to change a lightbulb? What’s a lightbulb?
Where does a Foul-Mouthed Pirate wear his best Jewelry? On his Buccaneers
When Jesus died, it was God's great sacrifice for the world... When I kill my son, it's murder?!?
Yesterday I found a 20 dollar bill on the street. I was told to do the same thing Jesus would have done. So I took it and turned it into wine.
A Catholic kid goes into confession... “Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned.”  “Yes, son, what did you do?”  “I cannot say.”  “You must confess, or I cannot give you absolution.”  “Well, Father, I had relations with a young girl.”  “I will forgive you. But who was the young girl?”   “Sorry, Father, I cannot betray a confidence.”  “It would help a lot to give forgiveness if I knew who the young girl was. Was it Angela Latrice?”   “I cannot say, Father.”  “Was it Betty Santangelo?”  “I cannot say.”  “OK, you’re absolved. But for four months you cannot be an altar boy.”  The kid comes out of the confessional box and his friend asks, “What happened?”  The kid says, “I got two great leads and I don’t have to work for four months.” 
What does a Muslim say in the hood? "Who do I have to blow to get some virgins around here?"
As a Muslim, a lot of people ask me how I feel about 9/11 Obviously it was a tragedy, we lost 19 of our best men on that day.  Joke shamelessly stolen from the Big Sick.
A Catholic, a Hindu and a Muslim go out to a restaurant. When they've all decided on their meals they call a waiter over to the table.  "I would like the boef bourginon, please," says the Catholic,   "but as it is Lent, please do not cook it with wine."   The Hindu orders next. "I would like the lasagne, but please make sure it is made with lamb mince, not beef."   After his friends have finished their orders, the Muslim smiles and says "Ratatouille please."  "No dietary requirements?" asks the waiter.  "No thanks. Give it me as God intended..."  "Allah Carte"
What do you call a Jewish Asian during ww2? A Rice Krispie 
Two Muslims are sitting together on a plane. One turns to the other and says "Are you ready?"  The other replies "Yes. I have been waiting for this moment. Let us count down."  "3...2...1..."  "Happy New Year!"
The rabbi and the catholic priest are having a car accident... ...the cars are crashed into scrap metal, nonetheless both of them survived without a scratch. The rabbi looks at the priest and says:  \- My brother, it is indeed a true miracle that we survived this crash. That is God's will! We need to drink to this moment.  He grabs a little flask and hands it over to the priest. He grabs it, drinks, hands it back to the rabbi. He puts it back into his pocket.  \- What about you? Why don't you take a sip?  \- Oh, I certainly will but first, need to wait for the cops.
A Christian, a Buddhist, and a Muslim had a debate over who's religion is right So they went to the top of a building. They agreed to jump, and whoever got saved is right. The Christian junped first and prayed, "God God God!", but died. The Buddhist went next and prayed, "Buddha Buddha Buddha!", and he was miraculously saved. The muslim jumped and prayed, "Allah Allah Allah!", but halfway down, he was still falling. "BUDDHA BUDDHA BUDDHA!", he prayed.
What's the difference between prophet Mohammad and acne? Acne doesn't come on a 6 year olds face
An atheist and a muslim are talking about their experiences in football. The atheist says, "Someone ran into me so hard they broke one of my ribs."  "That's nothing." The muslim replies, "Once I was hit so hard I saw Jesus. Do you know how hard you have to be hit to see somebody else's god?"  Edit: The last part is stolen.
If Jesus is the light of the world... where's the cigarette???
What's the difference between Jesus and Mexicans? Jesus doesn't have Mexicans tattooed all over him 
A Catholic Priest, a Jewish Rabbi, and a Baptist Preacher are out for a round of golf... The Rabbi shanks one into the water hazard and they walk down to retrieve it. As they’re looking for the last ball together, they spot something reflecting the sun from under the water. One of them picks up what appears to be a glass jar, FILLED with gold coins!  Soon they have realized that they are holding 10’s of thousands of dollars worth of gold coins. As they sat on the ground, the Baptist preacher said, “Men, God has been good to us, but we need to make sure we share this wealth with the less fortunate. I propose that we draw a circle on the ground, throw the money in the air, and whatever lands inside the circle, we say it’s God’s and we give it to charity." The Catholic priest replies "Yes brother, but I have different suggestion, how about we draw a circle on the ground, throw the money in the air, and whatever lands *outside*of the circle, that's what we'll say is God’s and give *that*  to charity." The Rabbi responds,  "I have a better idea- we throw the money way up in the air, and whatever God wants, he keeps!" 
What did the canary say to the two Jews? CHEAP CHEAP!
What do jews and shoes have in common? There are more in 39 than in 45
How do you pick up a Jewish chick? With a dust pan
A jewish mother was horrified to find out her daughter was divorcing her doctor husband "Does he hit you", she asked.   "No Ma."   "Does he cheat on you?"   "No Ma."   "Does he lose his money?"   "No Ma."   "You have a beautiful house, luxary cars, your clothes are the finest quality, you have staffs to take care of your domestic chores. What does he do wrong?"   "It's the anal sex ma. He likes the anal sex."   "And what's so bad about that?"   "It's terrible ma. Always with the anal sex. When we got married my butthole was the size of a dime, now it's the size of a quarter. It's just terrible."   "It seems like you are giving up an awful lot just for 15 cents."      
What do you call a homosexual Muslim plant? Al-gay
I asked my Jewish friend if I could borrow $5 He said, “$4? What do you need $3 for?”
Yeterday I found 20$ on the street on my way home. As a good cristian I thought “What would Jesus do”… … so I turned it into wine.
Two old Amish women are out in a potato patch, digging up potatoes. One of them pulls two massive potatoes out of the dirt, looks them over, shows them to her friend and says “These remind me of my husbands testicles.” The other exclaims “Surely they’re not that big?” The first replies “Of course not. They’re that dirty.”
A politician, priest and scout duo are in a crashing plane.... There are only 2 parachutes left and they are arguing who gets them  Politician: I'm an important man with connections I can help alot of people  Priest: I help people of all ages with all sorts of problems. I can't help alot if people too  Scout: We are only children and have my whole life ahead of us. We sould get the parachutes.  Politician: You know what, fuck the kids.  Priest: Do we have time?
My Great Grandfather managed to predict the extermination of Jews. Everyone told him to shut up, but he wouldn’t. Eventually, the theater had to kick him out of Schindler’s List.
I met a beautiful jewish girl today and she asked me for my number I told her we use names here. 
A priest, a pope, a rabbi, and a 8 year old girl walk into a bar Just kidding, it’s the girls bedroom!
Jesus turned Water into Wine Hitler turned Poland into Germany.
I truly believe that allah is the one true god I mean the universe started with an explosion, didn’t it?
Jesus was a carpenter, which is ironic since he was nailed to a cross. That actually is coincidental not ironic, but I drew attention to the misuse of ironic and coincidental... ...to construct the joke.
After the resurrection from the dead, Jesus appeared to his disciples. Jesus said: *"Peace be with you",*  and the disciples rejoiced. Simon stepped forward, troubled expression on his face and said: *"Jesus, was it me who betrayed you?"*  Jesus smiled and answered: *"No Simon, you did not betray me."*  Then John stepped forward and asked the same question as Simon, only to receive the same answer from Jesus: *"No John, you did not betray me."*  Soon most of the disciples had repeated the question, and Jesus gave them the same answer.  Then Judas stepped forward. Like others, he too had a troubled expression on his face. He said: "*Jesus, was it me who betrayed you?"*  Jesus turned towards Judas and said: *"jEsUs, WaS iT mE wHo BEtRAyEd yOu?"*
Is Jesus a Gangster? Because he’s coming straight from the underground.
What's does Jesus and my sex life have in common? Both require 3 days for a resurrection.
[Easter Joke] Q: What kind of exercise did Jesus do to get such good abs? A: Crossfit
Why can't Jesus be from Norway? Because the three wise men came from the east.
So the Pope is having a conversation with Aliens from Mars. Pope: "Do you know Jesus?"   Alien: "Oh, Jesus. Great guy. He comes to our planet twice every year."    Pope: "Every year?! It's about two millennia and we're still waiting for his second coming."  Alien: "Maybe he didn't like your chocolate."  Pope: "Chocolate?"   Alien: "Every time he visits, we gather the best chocolate from each manufacturing plant and give them to him before he leaves. Why, what did you do the first time he came here?"
Im 72% Jesus Jesus cluld walk on water Babies are 72% water I can walk on babies In conclusion i an 72% Jesus. Im also 100% in jail.
What was Jesus' favorite beer? Rolling Rock
How does Jesus make his coffee? He brews it
What's the difference between a picture of Jesus and the real Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang the picture!
How did the catholic cowboy greet his priest for confession? “Howdy, pardoner!”
Why was Jesus not a virgin? He got nailed.
Jesus Christ fed 2,000 people with 5 loaves of bread and 2 fish, But Adolf Hitler made 6 million Jews toast
Did you hear about the Catholic man who brought a bird into a confessional? He said he had committed a cardinal sin.
Why wasnt jesus born in ireland? He couldn't find 3 wise men or a virgin
How is Jesus like a floppy disk? Both died and are icons of saving. 
Why do Jews get circumcised? Because Jewish women refuse to touch anything that isn't at least 10% off.
What do Jews and bread have in common? Neither of them get eaten on Passover. 
What do you call a Jewish clown? Pennywise
What do you call a Jewish person with a low pH level? An Acidic Jew!
What's a Jews favorite letter? Idk its not Z (Nazi)
Jesus loves you A lovely thing to hear in church, a terrifying thing to hear in a Mexican prison. 
A Christian, a Muslim, a Jew, and an atheist walk into a bar. And they have a nice evening together. It's not a joke, it's what happens when you're not an asshole.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the picture up.   ^^\(Sorry ^^for ^^the ^^repost. ^^Couldn't ^^stop ^^laughing.)
A Jewish boy asks his father for 100 dollars His father replies: "What do you need 50 for? Here's 20 dollars." And gives him 10 dollars...  His son replies: "Haha I actually needed 10 dollars! Thanks!  Then his father responds: " Whaddaya know, If I didn't give you fake money, you would have deceived me..."
What do you call a Muslim who always makes mistakes? Errorist.
A Greek, a Jew, and an Irishman are accidentally killed by a bus. An angel descends and tells them "Actually, there's been a mistake. It wasn't your time to die. We will let you come back to life, but you must promise to renounce your vices."  To the Irishman, the angel said, "Your vice is drinking too much. You can come back to life as long as you stop drinking. We will tempt and test you to make sure you abstain." He agrees.   To the Greek, the angel said, "You engage in perverted sexual practices. You can come back to life only if you remain celibate. We will test you to make sure you comply." He agrees.   To the Jew, the angel said, "Your vice is greed. You can come back to life only if you reform your avaricious ways. But you will be tested." He agrees.  As the three resurrected men are walking down the street, they pass a bar. The Irishman resists. They pass a second bar. He resists again. They pass a third bar, and the Irishman can't resist any longer - he runs toward the bar and instantly disappears in a puff of smoke.   Frightened, the Greek and the Jew continue walking. The Jew spots a penny on the ground, and is able to resist picking it up. Then it turns into a quarter. Still he resists. Then it turns into a dollar. He wavers, but still resists.   It turns into a five. Nope.  It turns into a ten. Nope.  It turns into a $20 bill.   He bends over to pick it up, and both him and the Greek disappear.
[Original] What do you call an all-Jewish ghetto? Jeruslum.
Jesus and Satan have an argument as to who is the better programmer This goes on for a few hours until they come to an agreement to hold a contest with God as the judge. They set themselves before their computers and begin. They type furiously, lines of code streaming up the screen, for several hours straight.  Seconds before the end of the competition, a bolt of lightning strikes, taking out the electricity. Moments later, the power is restored, and God announces that the contest is over. He asks Satan to show his work. Visibly upset, Satan cries and says, “I have nothing. I lost it all when the power went out.”  “Very well,” says God, “let us see if Jesus has fared any better.”  Jesus presses a key, and the screen comes to life in vivid display, the voices of an angelic choir pour forth from the speakers.  Satan is astonished. He stutters, “B-b-but how?! I lost everything, yet Jesus’ program is intact! How did he do it?”  God chuckles, “Everybody knows… Jesus saves.”
A Jewish guy walking through Chinatown notices a jewelry shop with has a big sign that says - Abe Goldberg jewelry. He walks in and asks to meet Abe Goldberg. A Chinese man comes out from the back and says - herro, I Abe Golber.   The Jewish guy says, you're Abe Goldberg??? How did you get that name?   The Chinese man tells how when he was at Ellis Island, the guy in line before him was Abe Goldberg. When the immigration officer asked for his name he said - **Sam Ting** 
How many Jews can you fit inside a Volkswagen? Two in the front, 3 in the back, and 600,000 in the ash tray
Do you know how to save a drowning jew? Do you know how to save a drowning jew?  No?  Good  (Sorry if offensive)
I was playing ping pong with Jesus Me:  Ok that's 3-2 me, and it's my serve now  Jesus: ...  Me:  Jesus give me the ball  Jesus:  The son of Man came not to be served but to serve
A Muslim was Taking a Girl on a Date In Ramadan Unfortunately for him, his father happened to be in the area at the time. He exclaimed: "AstaghfirAllah! Where did I go wrong as a father? I thought I had raised you to be a pious Muslim. Son: You have just committed a big sin. And I'm hoping you two haven't been doing anything worse then this!" His son replied: "Father, please do not be angry with me. I have not committed any sin. I have already written a letter to Ayatollah Khamenei on his opinion about the issue, and surely you cannot claim to know more then Ayatollah Khamenei!" His father simply could not believe that one of the most knowledgeable Islamic scholars in the world would suggest that dating is halal, so he asked his son to read exactly what the letter said: "As Salam u alykum. I simply cannot understand why your father would prohibit you from having a date at Iftar! Breaking your fast with a date is a beloved sunah of the Prophet PBUH."  My Father said she can come over anytime
How does a Muslim like their eggs cooked? Sunni side up with Shiite mushrooms 
Joke about a Muslim and Jew I heard in Iran. A Muslim took a plate of money and took it to his local mosque and offered it to his religious leader as a tribute to god. His religious leader promised him prosperity and a guarantee to get into heaven.   A Jew took a plate of money and took it to his local synagogue and offered it to his religious leader as a tribute to god. The Jew's religious leader threw the plate of money up in the air and the money trickled down to the ground.   "What are you doing," the Jew asked in disbelief. "This is no way to show respect towards god!"   "Do not worry, what ever money goes up belongs to god and the rest is mine!" 
What would you call a Jewish, Reggae Artist, and a Gangster? Jew-Mon-G
I was talking to a liberal-feminist at a bar and she told me I should be more open to the Muslim culture, So I stoned her.
I, being an Irish Catholic, decided it was time to cleanse my soul. I went into the confessional box after many years of being away from the Catholic Church.  Inside, I found a fully equipped bar with Guinness on tap.    On one wall, there was a row of decanters with fine Irish whiskey and Waterford crystal glasses. On the other wall was a dazzling array of the finest cigars and chocolates.  When the priest came in, I said to him, "Father, forgive me, for it's been a very long time since I've been to confession, but I must first admit that the confessional box is much more inviting than it used to be."  He replied, "You moron, you're on my side."
How many Jesuses does it take to fix a lightbulb? None. He is the light.
If Jesus had his second coming, I doubt he’d let anyone crucify him. Nobody double-crosses Jesus
As today Jews worship "Yom Hazikaron laShoah ve-laG'vurah" - "Holocaust and Heroism Remembrance Day" - I am actually thankful that a good number of my friends are Nazis. The number is zero, and that is indeed a good and proper number.
Do you know why catholic priests are called Father? Cause daddy would be too suspicious
A Jewish guy walks into a synagogue and goes straight over to the rabbi. He says: "Rabbi, I need help. I have a big problem with my son. I did all that I could to raise him in the faith. I took him to Sabbath services every Saturday, and sent him to Hebrew school after regular school every Wednesday. He had a bar mitzvah. I sent him on a trip to Israel. I even sent him to seminary college for Jews. Yesterday, he came to me and said that he wanted to convert and become a Christian!"  The rabbi replies: "You know, it's funny that you should come to me about this! I also have a son that I did all I could to raise as a Jew. I brought him to temple every Saturday. He went to Hebrew school after regular school too. He had a bar mitzvah, visited Israel, and went to seminary college as well. He too came to me and said that he wanted to convert and become a Christian!"  The Jewish guy inquires: "Well, what did you do about it?"  The rabbi tells him that he asked God about it.  "Well, what did God say?" asks the guy.  God said: "You know it's funny you should come to me about this!"
A Muslim lady was denied entrance into Mcdonalds today until she removes her hijab....  Should have gone to Burka king.
Jesus is hanging on the cross... Jesus is hanging on the cross. Peter is nearby. Jesus calls to Peter  "Peter, come to me please." Peter rushes forward and is immediately beaten back by Roman soldiers. They beat him senseless and leave him in a heap on the side of the road.  Peter awakens to hear Jesus calling again, "Peter, come to me. I need you.". Peter rushes the soldiers and is badly beaten again, 2 broken ribs and 3 broken fingers this time. He is thrown in a heap on the side of the road.  A few minutes later Peter hears Jesus again. "Peter, please. I need to tell you...". Peter rushes forward and meets the soldiers again, he fights a savage fight and is beaten and bloody but this time makes it to the foot of the cross where Jesus is hanging.  "Jesus, I am here! What do you need to tell me?", Peter cries to his saviour. Jesus looks down upon him and says "I can totally see your house from here!"
After Jesus is born Flava Flave, 50 Cent and Ja Rule arrive at the stable.... ...to wish Mary and Joseph well and shower them with three gifts.  Flava Flave hands them a box with filled with gold chains. This will help Jesus shine inside and out, Flava explains.  50 Cent hands them a box filled with frankenfurters and 50 cent pieces. "What's this?" Joseph asks  50 replies: "It's unlimited Franks n cents. So Jesus can feed the poor and help them in their time of need" "That's so thougthful" Mary replies.  Ja Rule hands Mary and Joseph a box containing a scented picture of Irv Gotti. Joseph asks "OK, this makes no sense. What on earth is this?!"   Ja Rule replies "It's myrrrrrrrrrrrrrrh-da"
A bum confronts a Jewish mother on the street. "Lady, I haven't eaten in days!", cries the bum.  To which the mother replies, "Well then, force yourself!"
Have been putting 3.14 on pieces of jewellery. Pioneering work, I think you'll agree.
Why did the Muslim run over the pedestrians during Ramadan? He couldn't brake fast
How does the Jewish man make his beer? Hebrews it
What's the difference between a Muslim and the sun? The sun isn't expected to explode for at least another 5 billion years
Jesus crosses the desert... at a certain point he meets an old man. Jesus says "old man, what are you doing in the middle of the desert, all on your own?" The old man answers "well, I have lost my son and I'm looking for him". To this Jesus replies "I would like to help you, does your son have any special signs?" The eyes of the old man light up and he shouts "yes!", indicating at his hands he says "he has holes in his hands and feet!" Jesus looks at the old man, falls on his knees and with tears in his eyes cries out "father!!!"  The old man steps closer, embraces him and softly says "Pinocchio!"
The Pope is super early for his flight He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope. Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
Why Jesus never loses his files? Because Jesus saves...
[NSFW] What's the worst part about being a black Jew? You have to sit at the back of the oven.
What's a Jew's favorite nut? Cash you
...And Jesus said to Peter, "Come fourth, and you shall receive eternal glory!" But Peter came fifth, and had to eat the biscuit.
What do you call an 85 year old Jewish man that murdered his wife? Ruthless
Are there any Mexican Jews? So these two Jewish friends are talking about their heritage and how there are Jews all over the world, while they are walking to go eat at a Mexican restaurant. "Are there Jews in Russia?" "Yeah, I've heard of Russian Jews." "There are Jews in Europe, the middle east, and here in America too. How about in Mexico?" "Hmmm, I dunno."  So they get to the restaurant and after they are seated they decide to ask the Hispanic server if there are any Mexican Jews. He responds that he doesn't think so. "But there MUST be some Mexican Jews, are you sure?" "Si, Señor. There is no Mexican Jews." "I don't believe it. Is there anyone else you can ask to be sure?"  Knowing that he will get no peace from these two gringos unless he goes through the motions, the server responds, "Señor I will ask the cook, he will know." While he is gone the two friends continue to discuss the likelihood of there being Jews in Mexico, going so far as to place bets on the outcome.  Seeing the server approaching they ask him eagerly, "Well what did he say? Are there Mexican Jews?" "I'm sorry Señor. We have orange jews, apple jews, and tomato jews, but he say we no have any Mexican jews." 
So, Jesus is going over the bill for the Last Supper... So Jesus is going over the bill for the Last Supper when the apostles notice he has closed his eyes, and is rubbing the bridge of his nose. Exasperated, he asks: "Why... WHY would anyone order wine?" 
Why don't Jewish people eat pussy? Because it's too close to the gas chamber.
A Jewish son asks his father for 50$ His father replies "$40 dollars? What do you need $30 dollars for!" 
The Pope and one of the Cardinals were sitting around doing crossword puzzles. The Pope says, "Can you think of a four-letter word meaning 'woman' that ends with the letters, U-N-T?"    The Cardinal thinks for a moment. "Why yes, father. That would be 'AUNT'"   The Pope laughs, "YES! Of course! ...ha ha ha..." (pause) "Got an eraser?"
Why was Jesus so buff? He was into Crossfit.
What would have Jesus said if he was french... "Je suis Jesus"
A Jewish man once sent his child to Jerusalem. To his surprise, the child came back converted to christianism.   He complained about it to his friend, who told him, in shock :   \- You know what, that's weird ! The exact same thing happened to me !  Seeking answers, they went to see the local rabbi.   \- Rabbi, we sent our sons to Jerusalem and they came back Christians. Do you know why that is ?   \- You know what, that's weird ! The exact same thing happened to me !  Intrigued, the three men discussed the subject but, finding no answer, turned to prayer.   \- O God, we sent our sons to Jerusalem and the three of them came back Christians. Why ? Did we do something wrong ?   And God answered :   \- You know what, that's weird...
Jesus, Moses, the Buddha, Zeus, and Gene Roddenbury all walk into a bar... After the fight, they didn't know who to beleive.
What does Raptor Jesus bring to the world? The Velocirapture.
What do you call the place where Jesus stayed the night before Ascension Day? The house of the rising son.
If Taiwan hates the Chinese state and the Irish hate the United states, what do the jews hate? The gaseous state
Why do Muslims fast? To hide their poverty.
What do you call a Muslim sheep shagger? Ramalamb.
Y'know, I think I'd have a better chance of believing in Jesus... ...if his story wasn't so full of holes.
Why did the Muslim refuse to go to the big party he was invited to? He didn't want to have a blast
Why are boxers afraid of muslim women? They do a mean hijab
What was Jesus’s selfish younger brother named? Jesme
Did Jesus have a big dick? I heard he was hung on the cross
“Knock Knock” “who’s there?” “Amish” “Amish who?” Oh, I didn’t know shoes could talk
What's the common point between shoes and jews ? They'r both common in 39 and rare in 45
What do you call a baby killer that hates Jesus? King Herod
I had sex with a Jewish girl... Now I have to explain to my doctor why there’s ash in my urethra 
Why was Jesus bad at hockey? He kept getting nailed to the boards.
My friends told me this one [trigger warning]. Why did Jesus quit playing hockey? Because he kept on getting nailed to the boards
My Jewish girlfriend’s grandma must be a rebel Honestly haven’t seen any person in her generation getting a tattoo in her arm 
An Amish Girl  An Amish woman and her daughter were riding in an old buggy one cold blustery day. The daughter said to her mother, "My hands are freezing cold." The mother replied, "Put them between your legs. Your body heat will warm them up." The daughter did, and her hands warmed up. The next day the daughter was riding with her boy friend who said, "My hands are freezing cold." The girl replied, "Put them between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm them up." He did, and warmed his hands. The following day the boyfriend was again in the buggy with the daughter. He said, "My nose is cold." The girl replied "Put it between my legs. The warmth of my body will warm it up." He did, and warmed his nose. The next day the boyfriend was again driving with the daughter, and he said, "My penis is frozen solid." The following day the daughter was driving in the buggy with her mother again, and she says to her mother, "Have you ever heard of a penis?" Slightly concerned the mother said, "Why, yes. Why do you ask?" The daughter replies, "They make one heck of a mess when they defrost, don't they?"
Jesus finally enters heaven... He walks up to God, flicks his wrists forward flamboyantly and simply says: "Look dad, got my nails done"
Why is Ash always walking into Jews but not Arabs? Well, Ash can see Arabs, but Ashkenazi Jews
Muslim Handicapped Man Devil Stoning At Hajj A Paraplegic, one eye blind, one arm disabled and deaf muslim man goes to Hajj. During stoning of Devil;   Devil asks: What happened to your legs?   Man answers: It's work of Allah.   D: What happened to your arm?   M: It's work of Allah.   D: What happened to your ear?   M: It's work of Allah.   D: What happened to your eye?   M: It's work of Allah.   D: Then, Why the f\*ck are you stoning me?!!!
Jesus may have fed thousands of people with a some fish and a few loaves of bread, but Hitler... That guy made five million Jews toast.
"No Jews Allowed" A US Navy cruiser anchored in Mississippi for a week's shore leave.  The first evening, the ship's Captain received the following note from the wife of a very wealthy and influential plantation owner:  'Dear Captain, Thursday will be my daughter's Debutante Ball. I would like you to send three well-mannered, handsome, unmarried officers in their formal dress uniforms to attend the dance. They should arrive promptly at 8:00 PM prepared for an evening of polite Southern conversation. They should be excellent dancers, as they will be the escorts of lovely refined young ladies. One last point: No Jews please.'  Sending a written message, the captain replied:  'Madam, thank you for your invitation. In order to present the widest possible knowledge base for polite conversation, I am sending three of my best and most prized officers.  One is a lieutenant commander, and a graduate of Annapolis with an additional Masters degree from MIT in fluid technologies and ship design.  The second is a Lieutenant, one of our helicopter pilots, and a graduate of Northwestern university in Chicago, with a BS in Aeronautical Engineering. His Masters Degree and PhD. In Aeronautical and Mechanical Engineering are from Texas Tech University and he is also an astronaut candidate.  Finally, the third officer, also a lieutenant commander, is our ship's doctor, with an undergraduate degree from the University of Georgia and his medical degree is from the University of North Carolina . We are very proud of him, as he is also a senior fellow in Trauma Surgery at Bethesda .'  Upon receiving this letter, the mother was quite excited and looked forward to Thursday with pleasure. Her daughter would be escorted by three handsome naval officers (and the other women in her social circle would be insanely jealous).  At precisely 8:00 PM on Thursday, Melinda's mother heard a polite rap at the door which she opened to find, in full dress uniform, three very handsome, smiling black officers.  Her mouth fell open, but pulling herself together, she stammered, 'There must be some mistake.'  'No, Madam,' said the first officer, 'Captain Goldberg never makes mistakes.'
What do you get when you cross a Jew and a God? I don't know, but when Rome did it, it fell afterwards, so I wouldn't try it :/
Moses, Jesus, and an old man are playing golf. Coming up on a par 3, Moses has Honours, but puts his shot in the lake. He raises his club over his head, and the lake splits, revealing his ball on the sandy bottom. Moses walks between the halves of the lake and chips his second shot up onto the green where it rolls into the hole for a Birdie.  Jesus tees off second, and also puts his shot in the lake. As he approaches the lake, his ball breaks the surface of the lake, held aloft by the tail of a fish. Jesus walks out onto the lake, and hits his ball off the fish's tail, landing on the green, and rolling in for a Birdie.  Finally, the old man tees off. Like those before, his shot lands in the lake. This time, however, his ball is flung out the lake by a jumping fish. The ball lands in a tree branch and is stuck, until a breeze blows, dislodging the ball from the branch. It falls into a sand trap adjacent to the green whereupon a gopher pushes it out of the sand trap and onto the green with enough momentum to roll into the hole for a hole-in-one.  Jesus rolls his eyes and says, "Dad! Quit fooling around!"﻿ 
Why does Helen Keller...Wait I can't post that...There's this Thalidomide baby...no,no...a Jew walks into a bar...hmm, not that either. Oh okay, Why don't elephants ride tricycles? They don't have a thumb to ring the little bell. Not that it's funny that they don't have a thumb, it's actually tragic. Don't ban me for this.
So Jesus and Satan get in an Excel spreadsheet competition... One day in Heaven, Jesus and Satan are bickering nonstop about which of them is better than the other. "I'm better than you in every way!" says Satan. "No, I’m Earth’s savior. Clearly, I'm the best," says Jesus. After long enough, God can't take listening to them arguing anymore and says “ENOUGH! We’re going to settle this right now. Whoever can fill up an Excel spreadsheet with the most souls within 24 hours will officially be considered THE BEST.” They both say “Deal!” and go about their competition.  So Jesus gets on his computer and starts meticulously typing in the names of each soul, one-by-one, line-by-line, at his own slow and steady pace. Satan on the other hand is using macros and going on the dark web and illegally downloading thousands of lists of souls and is just filling out his spreadsheet with all these different names. He’s feeling all cocky and arrogant. “There’s no way Jesus can ever get more souls than me!”  But then, with only 5 minutes to spare, the power in Heaven goes out and comes back on. When Satan looks at his computer screen, everything is empty! He quickly tries to type everything back in as best as possible, but time runs out and Jesus still has all the souls he had slowly typed in over the past 24 hours. God announces “Jesus wins!” At this point, Satan is fuming with anger and cursing after every breath. “It’s not fair, it’s not fair! I had so many souls! How could he have won?!”  God then stops him and says “Satan, listen… Jesus saves.”
Why do Catholic priests love anal? Because it’s pastoral.
What's the worst part of being a black jew? You have to go to the back of the oven
A southern baptist and her two daughters are shopping at the mall, when suddenly, the three are separated In hopes of finding her children, she talked to the employee at the Customer Service kiosk   Southern Baptist Woman: I'm looking for my daughters, have you seen them?        Kiosk Worker: I can't say I have. May I have their names, please?       Southern Baptist Woman: My eldest daughter's name is Faith. I asked her to take her little sister shopping, but she just ran off with my credit card.      Kiosk Worker: I understand. We'll try to find them over the intercom. In the mean-time, please don't worry okay?      Southern Baptist Woman: It's too late for that! I already lost Hope!         I'm ^^^^so ^^^^^^sorry
A Protestant minister, a Catholic priest and a Rabbi were in a coffee shop arguing about whose religion is the best A protestant minister, a Catholic Priest, and a Rabbi were in a coffee shop arguing about whose religion is best. After hours of arguing, they agree to go into the woods and convert a bear. They would meet up in next week to see who won.  THe next week, the Priest comes in to the coffee shop with his arm in a sling and sees the minister drinking coffee with a cast on his leg. The minister sees him and asks if he converted his bear.  "Yes" said the priest, "though it was tough. I wrestled the bear for hours and that's how I got this, " he points to the sling, "but eventually, I pushed it into a river and baptized it, then it became docile as a lamb, its coming to Mass on Sunday."  The Minister said "I have a similar story, I found a bear eating a honeycomb, so I grabbed the honeycomb and ran to the nearest pond. The bear caught up to me and I had to wrestle him into the pond, not before he gave me this though," he pointed to his leg, "anyway, once I got it into the water and baptized it, it became docile as a lamb. Its coming to Congregation this Sunday."  At that moment the Rabbi is wheeled in with a full body cast. The Priest and the Minister both get up and asked him what happened.  The Rabbi relied, "Well, I probably shouldn't have started with a circumcision."  
Can we stop with the Muslim jokes? I've just about hadith with them.
Catholics fail trigonometry because they're afraid of sin Irish people fail trigonometry because they can't tan.  Everyone else fails trigonometry just cos.
How do we know that Jesus was a Jew? He totally believes that he is the Son of God, and that his mother is a virgin
Why should you never hire a Jewish plumber? They all seem to get a bit weird around showers.
A Jewish businessman in Brooklyn A Jewish businessman in Brooklyn decided to send his son to Israel to absorb some of the culture of the homeland. When the son returned, the father asked him to tell him about his trip. The son said, "Pop, I had a great time in Israel. Oh, and by the way, I converted to Christianity." "Oh, my," said the father. What have I done?" He decided to go ask his old friend Jacob what to do. Jake said, "Funny you should ask. I too sent my son to Israel, and he also came back a Christian. Perhaps we should go see the rabbi and ask him what we should do." So they went to see the rabbi. The rabbi said, "Funny you should ask. I too sent my son to Israel. He also came back a Christian. What is happening to our young people? The three of them prayed and explained what had happened to their sons and asked God what to do. Suddenly a voice came loud and clear from Heaven. The Voice said, "Funny you should ask. I, too, sent my Son to Israel....
Why don't Jews wait for their bread to rise? Because time is money.
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and acne? Acne waits until you're 12 years old to come on your face.
Why didn't Jesus play hockey? Because soccer and baseball are much more popular in Mexico.
I heard they're remaking Jesus Christ Superstar. They're going to cast Dwayne Johnson as Peter.
Why was Jesus nailed to a cross? His parents didn't pay those outrageous prices for rope.
My very Catholic sister-in-law asked me.... "When is epiphany this year?" I said, "I don't know, but I'm sure it will come to me."
Why was the young boy scared of the Pope's car? It was a Catholic Prius. 
What did Virgin Mary do after Jesus had been crucified? She opened a nail salon.
Why wasn't Jesus born in Ireland? Because they couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
What is Jesus' favorite band? Nine Inch Nails
A Muslim,a Christian, and a Jew walk into a bar. While they are having a good chat,an atheist comes by and asks "What is your religion?".           They each answer their own religion.  Then the atheist asks "What are the denominations?".      The Muslim says : "The main ones are Sunni and Shi'ite.".          The Christian says: "The major ones are Catholicism,Orthodoxy and Protestantism.".          And the Jew says: "The most important ones are Reform,Orthodox,€5,€10,€20,€50,€100,€200 and €500." 
Did you hear about the new car from that Jewish company? It stops on a dime and picks it up.
Catholic School Now, I’m not religious, but in a school full of Catholics with ash on their foreheads, everyone’s looking at me like I’M the one with a giant X on my forehead.
And thus Jesus spake: "I shall return unto my Father's House for a pack of smokes, brb."
Where are muslims going to pray when they go to mars? Elon's mosque
Did you hear about the Irish jewel scam? They got caught selling sham rocks
This time of year, everyone should know the symptoms of the Amish flu. 
God has apparently vaccinated Jesus. He doesn't speak to me. 
Jesus loves you may be a wonderful thing to hear in church But it's a horrible thing to hear in prison.
What do you call a flying Jew? Smoke.
They always say “leave room for Jesus” But my religion is The Sun, which is why my girlfriend is in the next galaxy over.
(X post) An artillery captain was made a saint by the Catholic Church. One could say he was cannonized.
A Jew walks into a restaurant...    A Jew walks into a restaurant and asks for a medium-rare lamb.     They bring him the lamb, and he says, “I can’t eat this, this isn’t kosher.”     The waiter complies and takes the lamb into the kitchen. Later, he comes out with a new piece of lamb.     “I can’t eat this,” says the Jew. “It is raw!”     The waiter takes the lamb back into the kitchen again. The chef, angered by the Jew, burns the lamb to a crisp and sends it out.     “I can’t eat this,” says the Jew. “It looks like my grandfather.”
Why do Jews not eat pussy? Too close to the gas chamber
What did the doctor discover on his Catholic patient’s CAT scan? A mass. 
Mufti debates Pope Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all Muslims had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a huge outcry from the Muslim community, so the Pope offered a deal. He'd have a religious debate with the leader of the Muslim community. If the Muslims won, they could stay in Italy; and if the Pope won, they'd have to convert or leave.   The Muslim people met and picked an aged and wise Mufti to represent them in the debate. However, as the Mufti spoke no Italian, and the Pope spoke no Arabic, they agreed that it would be a "silent" debate.  On the chosen day the Pope and Mufti sat opposite each other.   **The Pope**: Raised his hand and showed three fingers.   **The Mufti**: Raised one finger.   **The Pope** : Waved his finger around his head.  **The Mufti**: Pointed to the ground where he sat.   **The Pope**: Brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine.   **The Mufti**: Pulled out an apple.   With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that the Moulana was too clever. The Muslims could stay in Italy.   Later the cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened. The Pope said, "First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity." He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there is still only one God!" Then, I waved my finger around my head to show him that God was all around us." He responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us." I pulled out the wine and wafer to show that God absolves us of all our sins." He pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin." He beat me at every move and I could not continue!"   Meanwhile, the Muslim community gathered to ask the Mufti how he'd won." I haven't a clue," the Mufti said." First, he told me that we had three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him the finger." Then he tells me that the whole country would be cleared of Muslims and I told him that we were staying right here!" "And then what?" asked a woman."Who knows?" said the Mufti. "He took out his lunch so I took out mine."
Why did the Amish girl get excommunicated? Too Mennonite. 
Why did Jesus look so ripped during Crucifixion? CrossFit.
A Muslim dies and goes to heaven. He is about to climb up the white clouded stairs and stops in front of a golden gate. There is a bearded man waiting for him. The Muslim asks: "Are you Mohammed?" "No, I'm St. Peter. Mohammed is higher up" The Muslim is very happy to hear that Mohammed is more important than Saint Peter and is higher up. He climbs another flight of stairs .Tired, he stops in front of another large gate. He finds a young man with curly blond hairs and asks: "Are you Mohammed?" "No, I'm Michael, Mohammed is higher up" The Muslim is in ecstasy learning that Mohammed is more important than angels. He climbs an even longer flight of stairs. Exhausted, he reaches another gate, even bigger. He is met by a bearded man and asks him: "Are you Mohammed?" "No. I am Jesus. Mohammed is further up" The Muslim is ecstatic and explodes with happiness learning that Mohammed is even more important than Jesus and that his religion is indeed the best of them all. He cannot wait to meet Mohammed. He quickly climbs further up. Panting, breathless, exhausted, he arrives at a huge white gate. Waiting for him is very old man with a long white beard. The Muslim asks with the little breath he has left: "Are you Mohammed?" "No. I'm God, but I see you're tired, come in, seat down, rest for a moment. Do you want some water, a coffee perhaps? And the Muslim says: "Yes, a coffee ... I would be very grateful" So God turns around, raises his hand, whistles, and says. "Mohammed, two coffees" 
I was in a pet shop when I noticed a Muslim girl...  ...with the most amazingly colored parrot perched on her shoulder.  "Where did you get that?" I asked.  "Germany. There's fucking millions of 'em!" said the parrot.
How do you greet a Muslim llama? Assa llama leykum 
What do you call it if Jesus gets shot in his stomach? Holy shit
Man walks into a Catholic church at night To his surprise, two priests walk up to excitedly greet him.  "Hello!" Says the other. "I am Paul Unch, and this is Liam Ine, we're the priests here. If you'll walk this way-"  "Hold up", says the man. "P. Unch and L. Ine? I'm in a stupid joke, right?"  "O-ho!" exclaims Ine. "You got us!"  "Alright, screw this. I'm leaving." And he walks out in a huff.  "Well, that got rid of him", said Ine. "Paul, get the altar boys back in."
How did the Muslim greet a Caribbean man holding lunch meat? "Ah! Salami Jamaican!" 
Muslim terrorists commit suicide to go to Paradise and get 72 virgins I just go to the local primary school
What did the Hawaiian Muslim yell when he entered the crowded restaraunt? Aloha snackbar!
Two Muslim women are at the Bhurka shop trying on new Bhurkas... ...one says to the other “Does my bomb look big in this?”
What’s the difference between a muslim girl and a computer? No matter how hot the computer gets, it will not explode
What do you call a Jewish woman’s boobs? Joobs  Edit: jewbies it is
Jesus Playing Golf Jesus and Moses were playing golf one day.  This course had a particularly difficult hole, and Moses expressed his doubts that Jesus could make the shot over the water.  "Watch this, Moses, I think I can do it," exclaimed Jesus. "I've seen Arnold Palmer make this shot,  and if Arnold Palmer can do it, then so can I."  Moses rolled his eyes and let Jesus try. Sure enough, the ball splashed into the water. Moses parted the water for Jesus, who went in to retrieve his ball.  Jesus, however, was not ready to give up.  "I know I can do this, Moses -- I've seen Arnold Palmer do it, and if he can do it, then so can I."  "Look, Jesus," said Moses. "Try again if you like, but I'm not parting the water for you again."  "Fair enough, Moses," said Jesus.   Once again, Jesus' ball was in the water. Jesus proceeded to retrieve it.  Another group of golfers came up behind Moses and saw Jesus walking on the water. "Holy Cow!" one of them said to Moses. "Who does that guy think he is, Jesus ?"  "No," said Moses, rolling his eyes. "He thinks he's Arnold Palmer".
You know why every young lady wanted a piece of Jesus dont you? They say he was hung like this.  (extends arms outright like hanging on the cross.)
If Jesus gave you a blanket Would it be a holy sheet?
What is the most popular Muslim dog? Terrierist. 
I told my buddy that Jewish people call god by a different name He was like, "No way!"  I was like, "Yahweh"
What does Jesus Christ say when he is pissed off? Me!
What’s the difference between Jews and Santa ? Jews go up the chimney. 
What's the only drink a Jewish bar sells? He-Brew
what's the difference between jesus and a hooker? the look on their face when you're nailing them.
A bus full of catholic school girls gets in a horrible accident. Sadly all on the bus perished and are waiting in line at the pearly gates. St Peter approaches the first girl in line.  "Mary Margaret, I have one question for you, and it is of the utmost importance that you answer truthfully. Have you ever touched a penis?"  Mary blushed a little bit. "Well, yes, I have. I once reached into a boys pants and touched his penis with the tip of my finger. But that was all."  "Very well Mary. Dip your finger into this holy water and then you may enter Heaven."  St Peter then approaches the next girl in line.  "Anne Beth, have you ever touched a penis?"  "Yes, I once reached in a boys pants and grabbed his penis."  "Very well," said St Peter "Dip your hand in holy water and enter the Kingdom of Heaven.  At this point in time there is a commotion in the back of the line, as one of the girls is pushing her way up the line.  "Katherine Anne, you need to wait till it's your turn." St Peter strictly informed the girl.  "No, I'm not staying in the back of the line. There's no way I'm rinsing my mouth out with that holy water if Karen has to wash her ass out with it first!"
How was Jesus Christ so ripped? You never see Jesus Christ rockin a dad bod. How was it that Jesus Christ kept so toned and shredded?  CrossFit
I’m half Irish and half Jewish, so... I’m drinking if you’re buying
Saint Peter decides to take a day off work, and Jesus takes his place Saint Peter decides to take a day off work, and Jesus takes his place. St. Peter explains that he should ask any person who comes to the gates a little about themselves before they enter. Then you decide whether or not they should be allowed into heaven.  It's a slow day, but most people are allowed to enter. Then a frail old man shows up. Jesus urges him to sit down and starts asking some questions. . "What did you do for a living", Jesus asks.  "I was a carpenter", the man replies.  "Did you have any family", Jesus asks.  "I had a son. He was attached to a wooden cross with holes in his feet and hands. Then he became alive."  Jesus starts tearing up, and asks with a somewhat broken voice "dad?"  The man looks up in surprise and responds. "Pinocchio?"
The pope is coming over for dinner, so the priest goes out to catch a fish. The pope is coming over for dinner, so the priest goes out to catch a fish. He meets a fisherman and they go out to sea. After a while, the preist catches a huge fish.  With the help of the fisherman, the priest brings the fish onto the boat. The fisherman says, "Ah, we finally caught the fucker!"  The priest looks at the fisherman in disgust. "LANGUAGE, PLEASE!"  The Fisherman thinks quickly. "German," he replies. "The fish is called Fucker. It's German."  The priest says ok and heads to the Cathedral. There he meets the Bishop. "Look at this fucker!" he says.  "MIND YOUR LANGAUGE. This is a house of God."  The priest responds. "No, the fish is called Fucker"  The Bishop laughs. "OK, I'll go and clean it and give it to the Mother Superior."  He goes to the mother superior and says, "Look at this fucker the priest caught."  The Mother Superior is shocked. She yells, "I would expect better language from you, bishop."  The Bishop tells her the story of the fish. She laughs and says "How silly of me!" and goes away to cook the fish.  The pope really likes the fish and asks his hosts where it cake from.  The priest says "I caught the fucker."   The Bishop says "I cleaned the fucker."   The Mother Superior says "I cooked the fucker."  The Priest stares at the trio. He leans back, picks up a bottle of whisky, winks and says, "You cunts are alright, ya know."
Islam is a religion of peace.... A piece of you over here...a piece of you over there.
Jesus Jesus walks into a hotel. He slaps three long nails down on the front desk and asks...  "Can you put me up for the night?  
You don't need to die as a muslim to get 72 virgins Just be a catholic priest
I met a Jewish girl today and she asked for my number I told her we use names here
What's the Official Truck of the Catholic Church? The ones that Peterbilt
What do you call a Catholic boy that salts popcorn at the movies? A Salter Boy
An Amish boy and his father were visiting a mall.  They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two, shiny silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again. The boy asked, "What is this, Father?"   The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, "Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is."   While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a fat old lady in a wheelchair rolled up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened and the lady rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the boy and his father watched the small circular numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until it reached the last number and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order. Finally the walls opened up again and a gorgeous, voluptuous 24-year-old blonde woman stepped out.   The father, not taking his eyes off the young woman, said quietly to his son, "Go get your mother." 
Why do Jews get circumcisions? Because Jewish women can't resist anything that's 10% off.
An old Jewish man was finally allowed to leave the Soviet Union, to emigrate to Israel. When he was searched at the Moscow airport, the customs official found a bust of Lenin.  Customs: What is that?  Old man: What is that? What is that?! Don't say "What is that?" say "Who is that?" That is Lenin! The genius who thought up this worker's paradise!  The official laughed and let the old man through.  The old man arrived at Tel Aviv airport, where an Israeli customs official found the bust of Lenin.  Customs: What is that?  Old man: What is that? What is that?! Don't say "What is that?" say "Who is that?" That is Lenin! The sonofabitch! I will put him on display in my toilet for all the years he prevented an old man from coming home.  The official laughed and let him through.  When he arrived at his family's house in Jerusalem, his grandson saw him unpack the bust.   Grandson: Who is that?  Old man: Who is that? Who is that?! Don't say "Who is that?" say "What is that?" That, my child, is eight pounds of gold!
I've just been sacked from my job as a prophet.. Did *not* see that coming. 
Considering that Jesus Christ was able to make wine from water and the fact that I can make water from wine,   does it make me Antichrist?
The pope was being driven around in a limo A chauffeur was driving the Pope around. The Pope thought to himself "Hmm, I never drive." So the Pope asks the chauffeur, "Is it ok if I drive?" The chauffeur doesn't know what to say, so he let's the Pope drive. The Pope drives, but he drives pretty bad. He can't stay in a straight line, and keeps hitting things. A police officer pulls the Pope over, and asks the pope to roll the windows down. The Pope does, and when the officer sees him, his eyes widen. The officer says "One minute please" and goes back to his car. He calls for the chief, and the chief says "What's the problem?" The officer responds "I just pulled someone very important over." The chief asks who, and the officer responds "I don't know who I pulled over, but the Pope was driving him
Amish Joy candy bars: cuz sometimes you feel like a nut.... And sometimes you feel like raising a barn. 
St. Peter decides he wants a day off from the Pearly Gates, so he asks Jesus to fill in for him. “Your job is simple,” says St. Peter. “Whenever someone approaches the gates, you ask them about their accomplishments in life. If their answer satisfies you, you let them in to Heaven. If not, they get sent to Hell.” Jesus thinks this sounds simple enough, and he agrees.  Before too long, a man approaches the gates. Following St. Peter’s instructions, he asks the man about what he’s accomplished in life.  “Well,” said the man, “I suppose my greatest accomplishment would be raising my son. I am so, so proud of my son. Nearly everyone on earth has heard of him—to say he’s a household name would be a huge understatement. Children grow up learning about him in school and at home. Countless books have been written about him, and his story has inspired people for hundreds of years. He’s not my biological son, but I was the one to raise him, and for that I am infinitely proud and honored.”  Jesus can’t believe what he’s hearing. “Father?” he stammers. “I-is that you?”  The man gasps. “Pinocchio?!”
Imagine a Jewish Stevie Wonder... Circumcision 
What did the Jew say when he was captured by a Nazi? Auschwitz!
Pope Francis came to visit the US… He was to address the UN in the morning, and give mass at Madison Square Garden later that day.  After the UN address, the pope was given a chauffeur driven limo to get to MSG in time for the mass.  Leaving the UN, he ran into New York City bumper-to-bumper traffic, and was stuck with the time for mass fast approaching.    The pope is a very patient man, but he did not want to disappoint his many followers by being late to the mass.  After waiting in traffic for a period of time, he rolled down the privacy window and said to the limo driver, “I don’t want to be late for mass, I have driven many times in the Beunos Aires traffic, and know how to get around, why don’t you let me drive, and you sit here in the back.”    After protests from the limo driver, the pope finally convinced him to switch place, and got behind the wheel.  The pope immediately turned the wrong way up a one-way street, and drove up on the side walk, knocking over parking meters, scrambling pedestrians, but making good time to MSG.  He passed a police cruiser, who immediately turned on his lights and siren and pulled him over.  The police in driver’s seat got out of the car to investigate what was going on, while his partner in the passenger seat ran the license plate through the in-car computer.    The police man walked up to window, tapped on it, and asked for, “License and registration.”  The pope, in his flowing robe, rolled down the window and blessed the police officer, and drove off to complete his journey.  The police officer walked back to his car, and sat down without saying a word.    His partner asked, “Why did you just let him go?  Who was that, the Mayor, the Governor, the President???”  The first officer said, “I don’t know for sure who it was, but he has the pope driving him.” 
So there's this Jewish Guy who works at a cafe Hebrews good coffee in the morning ��
The Christian says: “The Jews and Muslims are wrong.”  The Muslim says: “The Christians and Jews are wrong.”  The Jew says: “The Muslims and Christians are wrong.”  The Atheist says: “You *all* are *correct*.”
Why did Jesus quit Hockey? He kept getting nailed to the boards
My Jewish grandma's cookie recipe is perfect. They bake just reich.
What Windows program is the most used by the Jews? The Snipping Tool
Why do Jewish women like circumcised men? It’s 20% off
Why don’t the Amish shave their beards? They don’t want raze-a-barn
Why does the Pope never sneeze? Because he doesn’t want anyone to bless him and become holier than him. 
I met a Jewish girl and she asked me for my number. I told her we use names here
What is Jesus’s least favorite sport? Basketball  Because he hates being crossed up
Why Isn't Santa A Jew? Because Santa usually goes down the chimney 
A politician dies and meets Jesus in heaven... Upon arriving at the pearly gates of heaven, Jesus greets the man and explains the situation to him  "It's not often we have someone of your power up here. As a result I'm going to let you pick where you go"  Quickly, the man responds "I would like to stay here for eternity. I've already decided"  "Why not try hell for a day? It's pretty underrated!" Jesus says. "If you don't like it, you can stay here!"  Somewhat reluctantly, the man agrees. He goes to hell and is pleasantly surprised.  He receives the keys to a Lamborghini, and all his friends are there, playing golf and drinking  champagne. At night, he meets the Devil at a party, and immediately becomes good friends.  At the end of the day, he returns to heaven for a trial day. He has fun playing gold harps and sitting on clouds, and feels that he has a tough choice to make.  "Look, Jesus, I had my reservations about Hell, but I think I'm going to spent the rest of eternity there."  Jesus smiles, and lets him into hell. Upon arrival, the politician is startled. His friends are picking up litter and standing on hot coals. The devil laughs while watching them work.  The politician asks Jesus "This isn't how it was! It was beautiful and fun out here!"  Jesus responds "Those were during the elections. Now you've been elected"  
A Jewish girl asked for my number. I told her we only use names here
Why don't Baptists have sex while standing up? Because God might think they're dancing. 
What do French Muslims shout when they're hungry? A la snackbar
Why are Jewish men circumcised? Because a Jewish woman wont have anything unless its half off.
When does a Jew leave a tip? When he's circumcised.
Why was the Amish girl excommunicated? She was fucking two men a night.
What is the Popes poop called? A holy shit.
When did Jesus become an Atheist When he didn’t believe in himself as a teenager
What was the name of the Jewish Holocaust survivor child about whom an Academy Award-winning movie was subsequently made? Oscar Gold.
Jesus said unto John. “Come forth and you shall receive eternal life.” John came fifth, and won a toaster.
What's the difference between Jesus and a portrait of Jesus ? The portrait only requires one nail.
What’s the difference between Jews and Father Christmas? Father Christmas goes down the chimney
What kind of cheese does the Pope eat? Swiss Cheese  &amp;#x200B;  Because it's very holey
What is The favourite gun of jesus The nail gun
What do you call Jesus at a fashion show? A Cross Dresser.
My Jewish neighbour was flogging a fridge, so I popped round to have a look at it. “Why has it got a hole drilled through the door?” I asked.  He said, “I wanted to make sure the light was turning off.”
I am feeling grateful Jesus died for us on the cross. It brought us two public holidays.
150 people from a Catholic church walked into my restaurant 30 minutes before closing For people who are against sodomy, they were pretty hypocritical tonight.
What’s the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture of Jesus.   Happy Easter everyone 
The disciples are saving Jesus, taking him off the cross... Rowing with his arms, Jesus screams: First the feet, first the feet!
Why was Maria Magdalena disappointed when she found Jesus' grave empty? She had hoped she could nail him a second time.
Jesus walks into a hotel... Walks up to the registration desk. Lays down a handful of nails and says ' can you put me up for the weekend?'
“Last Jewish Comic Standing,” was what our family named a game we came up with for our guests to play at our son’s Bar Mitzvah reception. “Last Jewish Comic Standing,” was what our family named a game we came up with for our guests to play at our son’s Bar Mitzvah reception.  Each guest pulled a classic Jewish joke written on a piece of paper and told the joke to the crowd.  To prepare for this competition my wife, two sons, and I spent over six months reading every Jewish joke book we could find, including many now out-of-print, to cull only the very best Jewish jokes for the game. We were on the lookout for Jewish jokes everywhere. My son found a few howlers from his Torah portion in Leviticus, but they didn’t make the cut.  The joke competition was fierce. It turned out, not all of the delivered people had excellent delivery. But love and nachas — that was abundant. Now that the competition is long over, I am happy to share the winning five best Jewish jokes ever.  Not a very scientific process, you say? Okay, let this be the peer review. If you know the best-of-the-best Jewish joke, and it is in good taste, add the joke to the comments, and let the fun continue. L’Chaim.
Drinking with Jesus An Australian, an Irishman an Englishman and one other man was sitting in a bar.  They stared and stared, and looked again and realised it was Jesus himself, sitting alone at a table.  The Irishman calls out, "Hey! You!!! Are you Jesus?"  The man looks over at him, smiles and says "yes I am"  The Irishman says to the bartender give Jesus over there a pint of Guinness from me."  The bartender pours Jesus a Guinness and takes it over to him  Jesus looks over, raises his glass, smiles and drinks.  The Englishman then says, "How d you do Sir and would you be Jesus?"  Jesus smiles and says, "Yes, I am Jesus."  The Englishman beckons the bartender and tells him to send over a Pint of Newcastle Brown Ale for Jesus.  This the bartender does, Jesus accepts the drink and smiles.  Then the Australian calls out, "Oi, you! g'day are you Jesus, or what?"  Jesus nods and says, "Yes, I am Jesus."  The Australian is mighty impressed and has the bartender send over a VB for Jesus, this he accepts with pleasure.  Later Jesus approaches the three men. He reaches for the hand of the Irishman andshakes it, thanking him for the Guinness. When he lets go, the Irishman gives a cry of Oh my God, the arthritis is gone," he says. "The arthritis I've had for years is gone. It's a miracle!"  Jesus then shakes the hand of the Englishman, thanking him for the Newcastle Brown Ale. The Englishman's eyes widen in shock. By Jove", he exclaims, "The blood pressure I've had for years is gone. It's a Miracle!"  Jesus then approaches the Australian, who has a terrified look on his face.  The Aussie whispers."Piss off mate, I'm on Workers Comp!"
What is the difference between a Jew and a pizza? One doesn't scream in the oven
What was Jesus's favorite band? Nine Inch Nails
So Jesus walks into a restaurant with his disciples... ...and asks the maitrre'd for a table for 26.  "26? Is your whole party here sir?"  He replied.  "Oh yes"  said Jesus.  "But there are only 13 of you here" replied the maitrre'd.  "Well we always sit on the same side of the table"  said Jesus.  
A Jewish kid gets kicked out of every school... A Jewish kid gets kicked out of every school he attends.  His parents try putting him in Jewish schools. Expelled.  His parents try putting him in public school. Expelled.  His parents try putting him in Montessori schools. Expelled.  His parents try putting him in Military schools. Expelled.  Finally, they decide to try a Catholic school. Lo and behold, not only does the kid not get expelled, but he winds up on the honor roll. Teachers say nothing but good things about him, and his marks have never been higher.  His parents ask, "we tried twenty different schools and nothing worked. Why are you flourishing at a Catholic school?"  The kid says, "Every classroom there has a statue of a guy nailed to the wall. When I saw what they did to him, I knew they weren't fucking around." 
Jesus walks into an inn He throws down 3 nails and says "can you please put me up for the night?" 
Jesus, Good Friday: Ok guys I'm dead now. Jesus, Easter Sunday: Gotcha! April Fools!
Why did Jesus refuse to fly British Airways? Because they had a pompous pilot.
What did Jesus say as he was being crucified? 'Don't touch my Easter eggs, I'll be back on Monday.'
Jesus rose from the dead! April fool.
What do you call a flying Jew? Smoke.
Why do Catholics never play mini golf? Because they keep getting holes in nuns.
Did Jesus die a virgin? Heck no! He got nailed before he died :D
A man admired his Jewish friends watch "That's a fine watch you have there!" His friend replied, "Got it for a great price! My father sold it to me right before he passed away."
Why is exporting Muslim fashion so profitable? Because its been blowing up all over Europe.
Indian Jews   Two Jewish men, Sid and Al, were sitting in an Indian restaurant in New York. Sid asked Al, 'Are there any Jewish people of our faith born and raised in India?'   Al replied, 'I don't know, let's just ask our waiter.'  When the waiter came by, Al asked him, 'Are there any Indian Jews?'  The waiter said, 'I won't be knowing, but I will ask the chef. After he returned from the kitchen a few minutes later and said, 'No sir, no Indian Jews.'   Al wasn't really satisfied with that and asked, 'Are you absolutely sure?'  The waiter, realizing he was dealing with 'foreigners' gave the expected answer, 'I check again,' and went back into the kitchen.   While the waiter was away in the kitchen, Sid said, 'I find it hard to believe that there are no Jews in India. Our people are scattered everywhere.'  The waiter returned and said, 'The Chef and the Captain my boss and they all say there is no Indian Jews.'   'Are you certain?' Al asked once again, 'I just can't believe there are no Indian Jews!'     Listen, I asked EVERYONE,' replied the frustrated waiter. 'All we have is Mango Jews, Pineapple Jews, Orange Jews, Coconut Jews &amp; Tomato Jews!     No Indian Jews 
What did the Jewish pirate who didn't like land say? Ahoy vey.
A black Jewish boy runs home from school He asks his dad, “Daddy, am I more Jewish or more black?” The dad replies, “Why do you want to know, son?” “Because a kid at school is selling a bike for $50 and I want to know if I should talk him down to $40 or just steal it!”
What was the last thing Jesus felt? Cross...
What do Jesus and a prostitute have in common? The look on their face while being nailed
Why did Muslims win the race? Because they fast.
What did the Neo-Nazi say to the extremist Muslim? So what are we going to do about the Jewish problem?
Have you ever had Jewish coffee? You'd like it, Israeli good!
What is the difference between a Boy Scout and a Jew?  A boy scout comes back from camp....
What do you call a jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash
How does Jesus make tea? Hebrews it.
What type of AIDS virus only Jewish people can get? H Oy Vey
Why don’t Jews grow flowers? Because they have to be Germanated. 
Why did Jesus go to the other side of the road? To get a cross
Two Jewish men walked into a bar which was super crowded So they bought it
Jesus knew that when you are kind to people, people are kind to you. So he said: "May I hand you a nail?" and the Roman soldier replied "May I nail you a hand?"
Last weekend I went to see my baby cousin's baptism. It turns out that he was only around 2% catholic after the ceremony.  Someone replaced the holy water with milk.
It's Jesus Jesus: let me in. Man: why? Jesus: so I can save you. Man: from what? Jesus: from what I'll do to you if you don't let me in. So true!
What does the Pope say when he looks into a toilet? "Holy Shit!"
Why aren’t horses allowed in the Catholic church? Because they’re neigh sayers
Moses and Jesus were golfing and Jesus says "Hand me a nine iron," Moses replies, "You can't use a nine iron for that shot!". Jesus say "Arnold Palmer uses a nine iron I'm going to use one," The next hole Jesus says "Moses give me the nine iron," Moses replies again "You can't use a nine iron for this shot," Jesus says,"Arnold Palmer uses a nine iron I'm going to use one."  So as Jesus walk out on to the water to get his golf ball that he shot astray fellow golfer asks Moses "Who does he think he is Jesus Christ?" And Moses replies "No Arnold Palmer,!"
Why do Jews watch porn backwards? Because their favorite part is when the hooker gives the money back. 
Catholic Wisdom 98-year-old Mother Superior from Ireland was dying.  The nuns gathered around her bed trying to make her last journey comfortable.  They tried giving her some warm milk to drink but she refused it.  One of the nuns took the glass back to the kitchen and remembering a bottle of Irish whiskey received as a gift the previous Christmas, she opened it and poured a generous amount into the warm milk.  Back at Mother Superior's bed, she held the glass to her lips.  Mother drank a little, then a little more and before they knew it, she had drunk the whole glass down to the last drop.  "Mother," the nuns asked with earnest, "please give us some wisdom before you die."  She raised herself up in bed and said, "Don't sell that cow!"
Why do Jews have such big nose? Because air is free
Why don’t Muslims eat bacon? Because they don’t want to become Mufats!
Two Jewish boys are sitting on a roof A man walks past and looks up at them asking "Hey what are you two doing up there?" The kids turn and gesture towards the nearby chimney "Waiting for our parents" 
What's the worst part of being a black jew? You have to sit in the back of the oven.
Fun fact: Popeye the Sailor Man isn't actually all that strong by Danish or Norwegian standards... ... but he's strong to the Finnish!
Hitler was quite good at integrating Jews Most of them had full time jobs for the rest of their lives 
A Sunday school teacher is concerned that his students might be a little confused about Jesus, so he asks his class, "Where is Jesus today?" Steven raises his hand and says, "He's in Heaven." Mary answers, "He's in my heart." Little Johnny waves his hand furiously and blurts out, "He's in our bathroom!" The surprised teacher asks Little Johnny how he knows this. "Well," Little Johnny says, "every morning, my father gets up, bangs on the bathroom door and yells 'Jesus Christ, are you still in there?!'" 
People say Jesus never got really mad But I reckon he definitely got cross
Did you hear about the career agency that offered Jesus a position? They heard he had hire powers.
Alex Trebek: Jesus Loves You. What is a good thing to hear in church, but not so much in a Mexican prison?
What camp did the teacher recommend to the Jewish kid with ADD's parents at the end of the school year? Concentration camp
What did Jesus get as a present when he was resurrected? Hole repair kit. 
Moses, Jesus, and a bearded old man are playing golf Moses drives a long one, which lands on the fairway but rolls directly toward the pond. Moses raises his club, parts the water, and the ball rolls safely to the other side. Jesus also hits a long one toward the same pond, but just as it’s about to land in the center, it hovers above the surface. Jesus casually walks out on the pond and chips it onto the green.  The bearded man’s drive hits a fence and bounces out onto the street, where it caroms off an oncoming truck and back onto the fairway. It’s headed directly for the pond, but it lands on a lily pad, where a frog sees it and snatches it into his mouth. An eagle swoops down, grabs the frog, and flies away. As the eagle and frog pass over the green, the frog drops the ball, and it lands in the cup for a hole-in-one. Moses turns to Jesus and says, "I hate playing with your dad.”
Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all the Jews had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a huge outcry from the Jewish community, so the Pope offered a deal. Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all the Jews had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a huge outcry from the Jewish community, so the Pope offered a deal. He'd have a religious debate with the leader of the Jewish community. If the Jews won, they could stay in Italy; if the Pope won, they'd have to convert or leave.  The Jewish people met and picked an aged and wise Rabbi to represent them in the debate.  However, as the Rabbi spoke no Italian, and the Pope spoke no Hebrew, they agreed that it would be a 'silent' debate.  On the chosen day, the Pope and the Rabbi sat opposite each other  The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers.  The Rabbi looked back and raised one finger.  Next, the Pope waved his finger around his head. The Rabbi pointed to the ground where he sat.  The Pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine.  The Rabbi pulled out an apple.  With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that the Rabbi was too clever. The Jews could stay in Italy!  Later the cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened. The Pope said, 'First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity. He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there is still only one God common to both our beliefs.' 'Then, I waved my finger around my head to show him that God was all around us. He responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us.' 'Finally, I pulled out the wine and wafer to show that God absolves us of all our sins. He pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin.' 'He bested me at every move and I could not continue!'  Meanwhile, the Jewish community gathered to ask the Rabbi how he had won. 'I don't have a clue!!!' the Rabbi said. 'First, he told me that we had three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him the finger.' Then he tells me that the whole country would be cleared of Jews, so I told him that we were staying right here. 'And then what?' asked a woman. 'Who knows...' said the Rabbi. 'He took out his lunch, so I took out mine!'
Jesus goes into a hotel. He hands the clerk three nails and asks, "Can you put me up for the night?"
I was walking down a street in Hollywood and ran into a celebrity with a Mohawk and jewelry. He looked at me and said, “I piy the fool!” I said, “Hey, you missed a T!”
What is the difference between a pizza and a Jew? A pizza does not scream in the oven.
Hey girl are you Jesus of Nazareth? Because I believe in the second coming.  And the third coming...  And the fourth coming... 
What do you call a shooting in a Boston Catholic Church? A Mass mass mass shooting. 
Why didn’t the people of Jesus’s time think he was on drugs? I mean, they had high priests and all. 
A muslim man is shot by a starting pistol. Police say it is definitely race related.
Jesus was doing a crossword But he got stuck on 2 across
What is Jesus's favorite flavour Saviory
Why do Jews avoid Easter during Passover? Because Jesus has risen. 
How did Jesus get so many followers? His cross post was shared all over. Ha! Happy easter everybody! 
What is the worst sin according to the Catholic Church? Priestiality!
Jesus: "A table for 26, please." "But you're only 13"  "Yes, but we're all going to sit on one side."
What do Jesus and my penis have in common? When I woke up this morning, they had both risen. 
What did it say on the stone covering Jesus' tomb? Don't dead open inside.
Two Texans are sitting on a plane from Dallas and an old Jewish Texan is sitting between them. The first Texan says, "My name is Roger. I own 250,000 acres. I have 10,000 head of cattle and they call my place The Jolly Roger."   The second Texan says, "My name is John. I own 350,000 acres. I have 50,000 head of cattle and they call my place Big John's."   They both look down at the Jewish man who says, "My name is Irving and I own only 300 acres."   Roger looks down at him and say, "300 Acres? What do you raise?"   “Nothing" Irving says.  "Well then, what do you call it?" Asked John.   "Downtown Dallas."
Did Jesus pay for our sins with cash or credit? He used praypal.
Jesus died on the cross Friday and raised from the dead on Sunday to save you from sin... April fool's... Just bring us your money and children, we're good.
The pope is in New York to address the UN, And as he’s leaving the airport he asks his chauffeur if he can drive the limo, because they never let him drive in the Vatican. His chauffeur has to agree, because of course he can’t refuse the Pope.  The pope hasn’t driven in decades, so of course he’s awful and gets pulled over within a few minutes.   The police officer walks over the the car, and the pope rolls down the window. The officer goes bug-eyed for a moment, then stammers that the pope should wait there while the officer calls up his chief.   The officer calls up the police chief: “Hey, boss, what do I do if I pull over somebody really important?” “Like how important? The mayor?” “No, more important!” “Who, the president? Another head of state?” “Even more important!” “Goddamit, who’d you pull over!?”  The officer answers “I don’t actually know who, but the Pope is his chauffeur!”   P.S. Sorry this is a long one.
Jesus must be grape... Cause now he’s a raisin.
Jesus and Moses return to earth for a vacation. They are walking around a lake, and Moses says, "Well J-Naz, it has been a hot minute or two, but let's see if we can still perform miracles." Moses raises his arms, and the waters in the lake part, showing a dry pathway on the bottom of the lake.  Jesus says, "That's pretty gnarly Momo, I bet I can still walk on the water." Jesus steps on the lake and sinks immediately. He tries six more times, and each one is a failure. Finally, Jesus, soaking wet, sits on the bank of the lake and says, "I just don't get it. You were able to perform your miracle with ease. Why can't I?"  Moses replies, "I bet it has something to do with the holes in your feet."
So a jewish girl asked for my number... I told her now we use names
What type of yoga does Jesus do? Pontius Pilates.
Did you hear about the jewish barista? Hebrew.
So Jesus comes walking out of his tomb.... He sees that Mary Magdelene's really torn up about the crucifixtion business, and couldn't stop crying until Jesus showed up. Jesus decides to cheer Mary up by taking her to a comedy show in Rome. The Diefied Duo arrive at the venue, and there's a Centurion guarding the entrance letting crowd of people in for a fee. The crowd is angry, they don't have any money. Jesus goes to the front of the crowd, and the Centurion is in absolute awe!  "I wish for us to see this comedy show," says Our Lord and Savior  "In fact, this entire crowd should be alowed to see the it." "But my lord," replies the Centurion, "they haven't any Sestersii to pay with," Jesus then wips out 30 silver pieces, enough to pay for the whole crowd. The crowd is extactic! They all get to go see the comedy show!  Jesus payed for their grins
Years later, Jesus writes a thank you letter to the three wise men "Hello Wise Men, Thanks for the Frankincense, first wise man, I will make great use of it, perhaps not now, but later in life. Second wise man, I am very pleased with the Myrrh, it smells wonderful and I have begun scenting my new house with it. However, third wise man, I am very tired and cannot remember the gift that you gave. I may send you a note in the future."  Days later in the wise men's house, another letter arrives. 
Why was Jesus so bad at basketball? He always got crossed up.
What’s the difference between Jesus and an oil painting? It only takes one nail to hang up an oil painting.
Jesus walks into a Holiday Inn... He puts three nails on the counter and asks, “Can you put me up for the night?”
What’s the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang up the picture of Jesus.   Happy resurrection day! 
Oh my God, Jesus is back! ...and he is PISSED!
You might have thought Jesus died for your sins... but he was alive the entire time. April Fools.
They say Jesus Died for our sins... But he came back three days later, so really he just gave up his weekend for our sins.
Why was the day that Jesus rose from death in the Middle East called Easter? Why was the day that Jesus rose from death in the Middle East called Easter?   Because if he rose from death in the Middle West it would be called Wester.
Little known fact about Jesus... He worked with the Romans to pull off the biggest April Fool's prank in history.
When people first laid eyes on Jesus on Easter sunday ...they were in awe.  Then Jesus said, "nah, I didnt die; April Fools!"
What was the first thing Jesus said after he was resurrected? April Fools. 
I've been reading this book on Jewish history It's called, "A Series of Unfortunate Events"
What Jews and running shoes have in common? There are more of them in the 40 than in the 45.
Good Friday is the day Jesus died. Easter Sunday is the day Jesus rose from the dead.  And Cyber Monday is the day Jesus ascended into the cloud.
Why did Jesus appear to women first after the resurrection? He wanted to be sure the news spread quickly. 
Did you know that Jesus was the first social media star? He became popular by blatant cross posting.
Pope Francis has written an autobiography He titled it, "I, Papi"
what is the Muslim magician's magic word? Allah-kazaam!!!
A little Jewish boy runs up to his mom and says, "Mama, I wanna sing really loud!" His mother says, "Shush with that! Not in the house!"  So the boy runs up to his grandmother and says, "Gramma, I wanna sing really loud!"  And his grandmother says, "My darling, you do whatever you want."  So the boy takes in a deep breath...  *"My Mom's tellin' me nooooo...*  ***"BUT MY BUBBE!!! MY BUBBE'S TELLIN' ME YES!!!!!"***
Jesus fed 2000 people with 5 loafs of bread and 2 fish. Adolf Hitler made 6 milion Jews toast.
As a kid I always thought that Jesus was unbelievable... ...I thought it was impossible for him to perform all of those miracles in just the four months between Christmas and Easter. 
A Russian and a Jew (long joke) On a train to Moscow, a Jew and a Russian army captain were sharing a compartment, the Russian was little bigot and have stereotype towards Jews, so he asked the Jew, "Hey Jew how come you all are so smart" The Jew was eating herring so he kept quite and didn't reply, so the Russian keep on asking him, at last the Jew became fed up and told the Russian "We Jews are smart because we eat herring" than the Russian asked the Jew to sell him few herrings, "sure" said the Jew, "1 Herring will cost you 10 ruble" the Russian became very exited and bought 5 herring" After few minutes  the Russian shouted "Son of a bitch Jew, I can buy 5 herring for 5 rubles in Moscow" than the Jew said " See it started working"
Saint Peter decides to take a day off work, and Jesus takes his place. St. Peter explains that he should ask any person who comes to the gates a little about themselves before they enter. Then you decide whether or not they should be allowed into heaven.  It's a slow day, but most people are allowed to enter. Then a frail old man shows up. Jesus urges him to sit down and starts asking some questions. . "What did you do for a living", Jesus asks.  "I was a carpenter", the man replies.  "Did you have any family", Jesus asks.  "I had a son. He was attached to a wooden cross with holes in his feet and hands. Then he became alive."  Jesus starts tearing up, and asks with a somewhat broken voice, "Dad?"  The man looks up in surprise and responds. "Pinocchio?"
How do you circumcise a Catholic man? Kick his priest in the jaw
Judaism is said to be successful because our religion has a lot of wisdom. Yes, the Jewish people always ask very wise questions... Such as "Wise this jacket so damn expensive?! Dontcha have a discount for me??"
Floppy Disks are like Jesus they died to become the symbol of saving
My mom told me Jesus died on a Royal Caribbean ship, but my priest said he died on a cross. Was that cruise a fiction?
A priest, a rabbi, and a Baptist preacher were out fishing together "We should all confess our sins," the priest suggests. "Give it a shot and see how it feels."  The three agree, and the Catholic goes goes first. "I'm an alcoholic. I drink till I black out every night."  "I love watching naked women on the internet," the rabbi confesses. "I just can't seem to stop."  The Baptist starts cracking up laughing, and the other two ask him what's so funny.  "Well my sin is I love to gossip," the Baptist said, "and I can't wait till we get back to shore."
A group of Catholic sisters want to open up a flower shoppe... ...it’s going to be called “Nuns N’ Roses”.
Two Jews get married and... They are both virgins. On the day of the wedding the man is nervous about sex and asks his dad what do I do?  Jew Dad: Just put the part of your body that sticks out further than an other part in the most hairy part of her body.   The next day he sees his dad and says.   Jew Son: I don’t see what the big deal is about sex..  Jew Dad: What do you mean? Did you do it right?  Jew son: I did what you said. I stuck my nose in her armpits for hours!
Why is Jesus so bad at sex? He always comes first.
How does a muslim say he likes beer? A-lahk-bier
How is Jesus and a Calendar similar Both of them are hung!
Why can't Jews be cops? Bacon isn't kosher
How did Jesus pass the time on the crucifix?  .. By solving cross word puzzles
Anyone know how Jesus makes tea?? Hebrews it
The Queen of England and the Pope are at a hairdresser's As they sat there, each being worked on by a different hairdresser, not a word was spoken.  The hairdressers were even afraid to start a conversation, for fear it would turn to religion.  As the hairdressers finished their haircut, the one who had the Queen in his chair reached for the perfume. The Queen was quick to stop him, saying:   “No thanks, my husband will smell that and think I've been in a whorehouse.”  The second hairdresser turned to the Pope and said: “How about you, Your Holiness?"  The Pope replied, “Go ahead, my boyfriend is too young to know what the inside of a whorehouse smells like.”
What does a Jew, Muslim, and American men have in common? A missing cum catcher aka foreskin.
What do you call a jewish pokemon trainer Ash Stole it from someone else lol
What do you do with a Jew that has ADHD? You put them in a Concentration Camp.
NSFW - What did Hitler say to the black jew? "Back of the oven"
Jew builds a bar. His son Christian builds an addiction.   Christian's son Muslim remodels the bar.  Muslim's little brother Mormon adds on another addition.  Atheist walks into and through the bar because it is imaginary.
How do Jews go to heaven? Well done
Two Jews die in the holocaust and go to heaven. Jew 1: *laughing* Remember when they made us stay outside and caused our toes to freeze and fall off?  Jew 2: *laughing his lungs out* oh yes! And remember how the gave us “coffee” that turned out to be coal mixed with oil?   The two laugh and laugh and God approaches   God: why are you laughing? That sounds horrible!  Jew 1: *looks at him* sorry man, you had to be there.
Where do Jews go if they can't focus? They go to concentration camps. 
What do you call a Jewish ninja? A ninjew.
I met a Jewish girl today and she asked for my number. That's the damn joke. No girl would ever ask for my number.
In 1272 an Arabic Muslim invented the condom, using a goat’s lower intestine. In 1873- the British somewhat refined the idea by taking it out of the goat first.     I get this is old and possibly a repost, but it cracks me up. 
A black man, an Irish guy, a Jew and a Greek guy die and go to heaven. When they get to heaven, St. Peter says “All of you will go through a test of temptation, if you pass the test, you can come back to life”. The four men agree and begin their test.   It involves them walking down a street with multiple forms of temptation on the sides.   As they’re walking the black man looks at a KFC, he goes in and he disappears.   The other three men continue walking. The Irish guy sees a pub. He enters the pub and he disappears.   Now it’s just the Jew walking in front followed by the Greek guy. They walk for a while and upon reaching the end of the street, the Jew sees a quarter on the ground. He bends down to pick it up. Then they both disappear. 
When a Muslim lives in America, what is he called? A Mufat. 
Have you tried Jewish coffee? You like it, israeli good. Seriously, hebrew it well!
Three Jewish women having lunch in a restaurant... Waiter approaches and asks, "Is anything OK here?"
What do you call someone who's father is a Jew? Jew-ish.
I had sex with the Popes’s wife. My first ever religious nut. 
So I asked Ely, my Amish neighbor Me: Ely, How many English does it take to change a lightbulb?  Ely: What's a lightbulb?
Jesus Christ wrote the same thing in his diary every day... "I think I'm being followed"
What do you call a jewish pokemon master? Ash.
Why wasn't Jesus a good hockey player? He kept getting nailed to the boards.
What's the difference between a hooker and Jesus? The look on their face when your nailing them.
If Jesus loves me, Does that mean he's gay?
What did the prophet say to the other prophet? "Hey, are you still working on that novel?" 
Hitler and Goering were arguing about the Jews, Goering stating that they were quite clever people and Hitler vehemently denying they were any such thing. Hitler and Goering were arguing about the Jews, Goering stating that they were quite clever people and Hitler vehemently denying they were any such thing.  Finally Goering told Hitler that they should go out in the city and Goering would show Hitler it was true. Hitler agreed, so they disguised themselves and went out on the street.  Goering took Hitler into a shop, went up to the counter, and asked the clerk: “Do you have any left-handed teacups?” The clerk stared at Goering for a moment and then said no, mein herr, I do not.  The two left with Hitler complaining that he did not understand what the point of this was and Goering telling him to be patient. They went to another shop and Goering gave the same act: “Do you have any left-handed teacups?” The clerk stared and shrugged his shoulders.  They left with Hitler becoming incensed over this nonsense and Goering begging for patience. Finally they went into a Jewish shop; Goering again asked the clerk: “Do you have any left-handed teacups?”  The clerk smiled graciously, went into the back room and made a show of rummaging around, brought out a saucer and teacup, set down the saucer, and carefully placed the cup with the handle pointed so Goering could pick it with his left hand. “There you are, mein herr!” the clerk said.  Goering bought the teacup, thanked the clerk, and the two men left. Goering turned to Hitler and said: “See, I told you the Jews were very clever people.”  “I don’t see what was so clever about that,” Hitler snapped. “He just happened to have one in stock!”
It was in the late 1930s in Germany and a Jewish man who was sitting in a restaurant reading a Nazi newspaper. A friend of his, who passed by, noticed this strange phenomenon. Very upset, he approached the newspaper reader. "Moshe, have you lost your mind? Why are you reading the Nazi newspaper?"Moshe replied, "I used to read the Jewish newspaper, but what did I find? Jews being persecuted, Jews disappearing through assimilation and intermarriage, Jews living in poverty. So I switched to the Nazi newspaper. Now what do I find? Jews own all the banks, Jews control the media, Jews are all rich and powerful, Jews rule the world. The news is so much better!"
To put an end to the endless accusations, the Catholic Church has proposed that all priests shall be castrated. If you ask me, they don't have the balls to pull that through.
I had a date with a jewish girl. After date she asked me for a number.  I told her we don't have numbers, we have names.
What did Jesus pay for our sins with? Praypal
What "gun" would Jesus use if he came back A Crossbow
How did Jesus pay for our sins? Praypal
A Black, a Jew, a Mexican, and a Bigot are sitting on a park bench. The black guy notices an old oil lamp under the bench and rubs the dirt and dust off of it when POOF! A genie comes out of it. The genie says "thank you so much, I have been in that lamp for 2000 years, I am so grateful that I will grant you each one wish." The black guy says "I wish that all black people would go back to Africa and live in peace, harmony, and prosperity in out beautiful homeland." BAM! The black guy and all black people dissapear and are moved to Africa. The Jewish guy says "I wish all Jews could go back to Israel and live in peace, harmony, and prosperity without any conflict with the other countries in the Middle East." BAM! The Jew and all Jewish people dissapear and are moved to Israel. The Mexican says "I wish all Latinos could go back to their respective countries and live in peace, harmony, and prosperity." BAM! The Mexican dissapears along with all of the Hispanics and are moved to their own countries. The genie asks the bigot "What do you want?" The bigot replies "So all the blacks are in Africa, Jews in Israel, and Hispanics south of the border?" The genie says "Yes." So the Bigot says "I'd like a diet Coke."
An old Jewish couple are celebrating their 60th Wedding Anniversary And the wife really wants to make it extra special with a night of amazing sex as it has been years for both of them.  While her elderly husband is out of the house she gets all dolled up in brand new lingerie, stockings, high heels and lots of makeup. She prepares the bedroom and waits patiently for him to get home.   When she hears the front door, she calls from upstairs... “Shlomo! Come upstairs for a big surprise!”   Cane in hand he slowly makes his way upstairs and opens the bedroom door to which his wife yells “Get ready for super sex!”   Aghast at the scene and the implications of a night of sex with his elderly wife he replies “l’ll take the soup!”
Jesus said "Come forth and thou shall receive everlasting life," I came fifth, and got a toaster
Why don't Muslim girls give head? Because all men are pigs and Muslims don't eat pork.
What did the Jewish Vampire say when he missed the artery? Oy Vein!
So if Jesus was a Jew.... why did he have a Mexican name?
People always say that the Romans didn’t handle the whole Jesus situation very well I think they nailed it. 
What is Jesus‘s least favorite cocktail? A rusty nail
What is a Catholics favorite snack? Eucharisps.
Did you hear about the Amish girl who was excommunicated? Too Mennonite.
What’s it called when the person delivering your baby suddenly becomes squeamish and can no longer fulfill his/her duties? A midwife crisis
Why did the jeweler buy weed? Because he was a stoner
A Jewish man and a Chinese man strike up a conversation... Before long they're arguing...  Jewish man: "You know what? I hate you."  Chinese man: "For what?"  Jewish man: "Pearl Harbor!"  Chinese man: "That was the Japanese! I'm Chinese!"  Jewish man: "eh, Japanese, Chinese what's the difference?"  Chinese man: "Well, you kow what? I hate you."  Jewish man: "For what?!?"  Chinese man: "The Titanic!"  Jewish man: "An iceberg sunk the Tatanic!"  Chinese man: "eh, Iceberg, Goldberg, what's the difference?"
TIL: Pope Francis wears underwear while taking a shower. He doesn’t want to look down on the unemployed.
You know why they can't keep any Jews in prison? They eat lox
Where does a Jewish protostar go on vacation? Nova Scotia
A waiter walks up to a table full of Jewish women dining And says "ladies, is anything ok?"
A Jewish Wife's Unexpected Arrival at Home Yankele's wife Feige came home early and found Yankele in their bedroom making love to a very attractive young woman.  Feige was somewhat upset. 'You are a disrespectful pig!' she cried. 'How dare you do this to me -- a faithful wife, the mother of your children! I'm leaving you. I want a Get (Jewish divorce) right away!'  And Yankele replied, 'Hang on just a minute Feige so at least I can tell you vat happened.' 'Fine, go ahead,' she sobbed, 'but they'll be the last words you'll say to me!'  And Yankele began -- 'Vell, I vas getting into the car to drive home, and this young lady here asked me for a lift. She looked so down and out and defenseless that I took rachmones on her and let her into the car.  I noticed that she vas very thin, not vell dressed and very dirty. She told me that she hadn't eaten for three days. So, in my compassion, I brought her home and varmed up the lokshen kugel I made for you last night, the food you vouldn't eat because you're afraid you'll put on veight. The poor thing devoured them in moments.  Since she needed a good clean-up, I suggested a shower, and vile she vas doing that, I noticed her clothes vas dirty and full of holes, so I threw them avay. Then, as she needed clothes, I gave her the designer outfit that you have had for a few years, but don't vear because you say it's too tight. I also gave her the undervear that vas your anniversary present, vitch you don't vear because I don't heff good taste.  I found the sexy blouse my sister gave you for Chanukah that you don't vear just to annoy her, and I also donated those boots you bought at the expensive boutique and don't vear because someone at vork has a pair the same.'  Yankele took a quick breath and continued - 'She vas so grateful for my understanding and help that as I valked her to the door, she turned to me mit tears in her eyes and said, 'Please ... Do you have anything else that your vife doesn't use?'
Why are Muslim girlfriends so annoying? They never seem to stop blowing up your phone. 
Allah is probably the true god Because the universe started with an explosion...
The black Jew A black Jewish boy runs home from school one day and asks his father, “Daddy, am I more Jewish or more black?”   The dad replies, “Why do you want to know, son?”   “Because a kid at school is selling a bike for $50 and I want to know if I should talk him down to $40 or if I should just steal it”
How hung was Jesus? [*stretches out arms*] This hung.
Moses, Jesus, and an old man are playing golf. Moses tees up and swings, and unfortunately his ball ends up in a water trap. He curses, then parts the water to retrieve his ball.  Jesus tees up and swings. His ball also goes into the water trap. He doesn't curse, but thinks for a moment. He then walks across the water and retrieves his ball.  The old man then swings, and his ball also goes into the water trap. However, a fish swims over and eats the ball, then a bird swoops down and eats the fish. As its flying away, it gets struck by lightning and disintegrates, leaving only the ball behind. The ball falls down directly into the hole.  Jesus turns to the old man and says "Great shot, Dad!"
Jesus and Moses are taking a walk along the beach of the red sea. Jesus looks out at the water and asks "hey Moses you think you still got it?" Moses huffs and puts his staff in the water, the water rushes to the sides and the red sea splits. Moses smiles and pulls his staff, the sea goes back to normal. "Alright your turn, i want to see you walk on water" jesus starts walking out on the water, he gets about 10 feet and trips, gets back on the water and comes back. He trips a few more times on the way back and his feet are under the water a little. He looks at moses " i guess I'm not ss strong as i thought  was" moses says " don't worry jesus, the last time you tried that you didn't have holes in your feet"
An orthodox Jewish man is distraught because his son has converted to Christianity He goes to temple to pray.   "Lord, what have I done wrong? I lived a righteous life, studying the Torah and doing everything you asked. But now my son has told me he wants to be a Christian! What should I do?"  After a moment of silence, a big booming voice calls out  "You think you have problems..."
Four Catholic ladies are discussing how important their children are. The first one tells her friends, "My son is a priest. When he walks into a room, everyone calls him "Father."  &amp;#x200B;  The second Catholic women chirps, "Well, my son is a Bishop. Whenever he walks into a room, people say, "Your Grace."  &amp;#x200B;  The third Catholic woman says smugly, "Well, not to put you down, but my son is a cardinal. Whenever he walks into a room, people say, "Your Eminence."  &amp;#x200B;  The fourth Catholic women sips her coffee in silence. The first three women give her a subtle "Well...?"  &amp;#x200B;  She replies, "My son is a charismatic, 6'2", hard-bodied male stripper. Whenever he walks into a room, people say, "My God."
How often do Muslims pray? Allah time!
What is the difference between a jew and a scout The scout comes home from camp
The Catholic Church are asking for donations to help rebuild Notre Dame. You can donate via Papal
My Jewish friend and I live in California where there were a lot of wildfires recently, and suddenly ashes started raining from the sky. He said, "oh look, a family reunion!"
Did you know that you can’t make cheese without Jesus? Because He is the whey
What do you call Jewish bread? Toast.
How do you tell if you've caught a Jewfish? It's circumcised.
What do you call an Amish man with his arm up a horse's butt? A mechanic
Why doesn't Jesus eat sushi? Because tacos are more popular in Mexico.
China is harvesting organs from Muslims in “re-education” camps and America can’t even build one wall. Literally checkers vs. Chinese checkers.
What did the Pope call Batman when he caught him leaving church early?  Christian Bale
Did you hear the story about Jesus the archer? On the third day he arrows again.
What did the Pope’s librarian say when he first saw the rings around Saturn? I’m a Catholic clergyman, so I’m interested in Uranus.
And the lord said unto Jesus, "come forth and ye shall receive eternal life" But Jesus came fifth and so won a toaster
Jesus and Moses are playing a round of golf at a club famous for it's floating green. When approaching the tee box Moses reminds Jesus that he never makes the green and he should just lay it up for the easy chip. Jesus replies, "Arnold Palmer drives this green, so can I."   Sure enough, plop in the water goes Jesus's ball. Moses being nice, parts the water and retrieves the ball reminding Jesus that he has never driven the green here before. Jesus getting agitated replies, Arnold Fucking Palmer drives this green, so can I."  This time Jesus gets a good hit on the ball and drives it into the rocks in front of the green bouncing it back into the water. Moses being nice again parts the water and retreives the ball reminding Jesus he has never driven this green before. Jesus incensed replies, "Arnold FUCKING Palmer drives this green, so can I."   Moses calmly tells him, "ok Lord but this time you have to retrieve your own ball."  Sure enough Jesus gets a good whack on the ball, but slices it off to the side and plop it goes into the water. So Jesus angrily stomps off across the water to fetch his ball.   Meanwhile, as Moses waits, the foursome behind them catches up. Upon seeing Jesus walking across the water they ask Moses if the guy in the water thinks he's Jesus. "No, says Moses, he thinks he's Arnold Fucking Palmer."   Just wrote this up somewhere else. Thought y'all would enjoy. I have no clue where I first heard it.
I like Jesus,  but he loves me,    so things are a bit awkward...
What famous hotel chain do muslims prefer when travelling on religious holidays? Ramadamadan.
A Muslim boy moves to Ireland... ... On his first day of school his teacher asks, "What is your name?"  "My name is Mohammed" the boy replies.  "You live in Ireland now, Your new name is Mike" says the teacher.  The boy smiles and has a good time in his classes.  After school the boy returns home and is greeted by his mother.  "How was your first day at school, Mohammed?" his mother asks.  "I live in Ireland now, my new name is Mike!" The boy replies.  His mother becomes infuriated, "Have you forgotten where you came from? Your heritage? You have disgraced your ancestors!"  and his mother beat him and when his father comes home from work he does the same.  The next day the boy returns to school and his teacher sees his fresh bruises.  "Mike! What happened?" asked the teacher.  The boy replies with a grimace "Well, shortly after becoming an Irishman I was jumped by two fucking Arabs!"
A guy goes fishing with Jesus in a small boat. In the excitement of bringing in a fish one of the paddles gets dislodged and starts to float away. No problem I'll go get it says Jesus, and he just steps out and walks over to where it is and picks it up casually walking back to the boat. Later his friends are asking him about their time on the water curious about his day with Jesus. Well it's the craziest thing he says, I don't think he can swim!!!
If Jesus could walk on water... Could he swim on land?
A joke for Catholic Redditors. "Darling, let's run away to Vegas and get married!"    "I can't.  It's Lent."   "Okay.  We can do it when you get it back."
What did the Amish husband say to his wife when she got back from working out on the farm all day? Amish you. 
What's the difference between a catholic priest and acne? Acne waits till puberty to come on a boys face 
A jeweler and blacksmith gets married. What do they name their kid? Jaden Smith
What is a young Jewish boy doing on top of a chimney?? Waiting for his father
A scientist and the Catholic Pope were eating lunch together while discussing the latest news in scientific discovery. Scientist: Right now, my research team is working on trying to clone insects using gene-replicating techniques.  Pope: That is very interesting! How far have you come along with it?  Scientist: We have engineered the cloning process, now we are going to execute our next phase which is experimenting with insects in attempt to clone them down to the cell.  Pope: Hmm, alright then. What insects will you be attempting to clone?  Scientist: We will be starting off with ants and then moving to larger ins—  Pope: ANTS? You will be experimenting on ants???!!!  Scientist: Yes, why? Is there a problem?  Pope: Ants are incredibly profound creatures! We must not harm them, they are vital to our earth! You may not experiment on those ants!  Scientist: I’m sorry, Pope. We have already begun executing the cloning on the ants. They are going to be experimented on, and frankly I don’t see an reason we shouldn’t do it. Most people are pro-experimenting when it comes to ants. Why are you so against pro-ant experimentation?  Pope: Nobody who advocates for the experimentation of ants is worthy, and must burn in Hell! NO PRO-TEST-ANTS!
What do Jews and Stoners have in common? They both get baked.
A Jewish Man A jewish man wants to know why he has to give tzedkah (Money to charity) every saturday. He asks a orthodox rabbi and he asks "Why do we have to give tzedkah?" the rabbi does not know  and says "Go to a conservative rabbi instead." so he does and asks "Why do we have to give tzedkah?"the rabbi does not know and says "Go to a reform rabbi instead." so he does and asks  "Why do we have to give tzedkah?" the rabbi says "What's tzedakah?"
Pope gets a lesson Two beggars are sitting side by side on a street in Rome, Italy.  One has a Cross in front of him; the other one is holding the Star of David. Many people go by, look at both beggars, but only put money into the hat of the beggar sitting behind the Cross.  The Pope comes by. He stops to watch the throngs of people giving money to the beggar who holds the Cross while none give to the beggar holding the Star of David.  Finally, the Pope approaches the beggar with the Star of David and says: "My poor fellow, don't you understand? This is a Catholic country; this city is the seat of Catholicism. People aren't going to give you money if you sit there with a Star of David in front of you, especially when you're sitting beside a beggar who is holding a Cross. In fact, they would probably give more money to him just out of spite!"  The beggar with the Star of David listened to the Pope, smiled, and turned to the beggar with the Cross and said: "Moishe, would you look who's trying to teach the Goldstein brothers about marketing!"
A Jewish girl walked up to me and asked for my number. I told her we use names now.
A jewish man goes into a public restroom He goes to the urinal as another man enters and starts using the urinal next to him. The other man looks over at him and asks, "Are you a Jew?"  "Why yes, I am," he replied.  "Are you circumcised?" The second man asked. A bit put off, the first man answered warily.  "A strange question... but yes.. I am circumcised..."  "Did you grow up in New York?" The second man asked.  "Well, yes! I did. How did you know?"  "Did you study under Rabbi Korinski?"  "I did! How do you know so much about me?"  "He cuts at an angle and you're pissing on my shoe."
NSFW What do jesus and girls have in common? The expression on their faces when they got nailed.
Condoms were invented by Arabic-Muslims sometime in the 1400s using lower goat intestine They were later improved by the British in 1873 by taking the intestine out of the goat first
A Jesus, a Priester and Chuck Norris decide to Go for a boat ride While they are in the Middle of a Lake they hear a lightning strike. They Decide to leave the boat. Chuck Norris Stands Up and simply walks over the water to the shore. Jesus also walks over the water to the shore. The Priester Thinks to himself :"If they Can do that, i probably Can too!" He drowns.  Jesus goes over to Chuck Norris and asks him: "should we have told him about the stepping stones?" Chuck Norris Looks at him confused and replies :"What stepping stones?"   Probably funnier in person
Jesus is looking for his father.. He asks his mother. "I don't know", she says. "But he was looking for you too. I'm sure you can find him.. He's an old man, a carpenter, searching for his son. Ask around."  Jesus searches all of Galilee but without success. Finally, dejected, he arrives at the outskirts of a village. There, on a bench, sits an old man, looking sad and lonely.   - "Excuse me", he ventures. "You wouldn't by any chance be a carpenter?"  - "I am.", replied the man.  - "And you wouldn't perhaps be searching for your son?"  - "Why yes, I am."  - "Father!", cries Jesus, opening his arms.  - "Pinocchio!", cries the old man, jumping with joy. 
Catholic woman talk about their The first Catholic woman tells her friends, "My son is a priest, when he walks into a room, and everyone calls him 'Father'."   The second Catholic woman chirps, "My son is a Bishop.  When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Grace'."     The third Catholic woman says, "My son is a Cardinal.  When he enters a room everyone says 'Your Eminence'."     The fourth Catholic woman then says, "My son is the Pope.  When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Holiness'."     Since the lone Catholic woman was sipping her coffee in silence, the four woman give her a subtle, "Well....?"   She proudly replies, "I have a daughter, slim, tall, 38D breast, 24" waist and 34" hips. When she walks into a room, people say, "Oh My God."
What do a Boston Marathon runner and Jesus have in common? Nails in their hands and feet
Jesus loves you is comforting to hear in church, but terrifying to hear in a Mexican prison.
There are more Jews than Native Americans... I guess genocide is just one more thing Americans are better at than Germans
An Arab, a Jew and a Ginger are having an argument To settle the argument, the Ginger proposes for them all to jump off a cliff and see who hits the ground first.  Who wins?  Society.
What is an even bigger Jewish dilemma? Free Palestine.
I was at the pub with a Muslim friend The waitress came by to take our order. I asked for a beer, but my friend ordered nothing.   I said "pal, we're at the pub, why aren't you having a drink?"   "Well, my wife is Muslim, so I myself recently converted and am participating in Ramadan, which means I'm fasting. I'm trying hard to respect my wife's views and be a good Muslim."  I replied "Respect your wife's views and be a good Muslim?  C'mon buddy, you know you can't do both."
A muslim lady was denied entrance into McDonalds until she removed her hijab... Should have gone to Burka King. 
What do you say when Jesus masturbates? Jesus fucking Christ
[NSFW] What Happens When a Japanese Pornstar Does a Scene with a Lot of Jewish Men? A Jewkakke 
A layperson and a pastor walked into the heaven. The layperson was greeted by Saint Peter, while the pastor is greeted by Jesus. The layperson got pissed off and asked, "Even in heaven you discriminate people?"  Saint Peter apologized, "Please understand him. It's been a while since the last time a pastor make it to heaven."
An Amish girl and her mother were visiting a mall. They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and back together again. The girl asked, “Mother, what is this?”   The mother, never having seen an elevator, responded, “I have never seen anything like this in my life. I don’t know what it is.”   While the girl and her mother watched with amazement, an old man in a wheelchair rolled up to the moving walls and pressed a button.  The walls opened and the man rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the girl and her mother watched the small numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until the last number was reached, and they watched some more as the numbers began to light in reverse order.   The walls opened up again and a hunky young man stepped out.   The mother, not taking her eyes off the young man, said quietly to her daughter, “Go get your father.”
A Jewish man and a Chinese man strike up a conversation Before long they're arguing.  Jewish man: "You know what? I hate you."  Chinese man: "Why?"  Jewish man: "Pearl Harbor!"  Chinese man: "That was the Japanese! I'm Chinese!"  Jewish man: "Japanese, Chinese what's the difference?"  Chinese man: "Well, you know what? I hate you."  Jewish man: "Why?"  Chinese man: "The Titanic!"  Jewish man: "An iceberg sunk the Titanic!"  Chinese man: "Iceberg, Goldberg, what's the difference?"  
A Muslim dies and finds himself before the Pearly Gates... A Muslim dies and finds himself before the Pearly Gates...    He is very excited, as all his life he has longed to meet the Prophet Mohammed. Having arrived at the Gates of Heaven, he meets a man with a beard. "Are you Mohammed?" he asks. "No, my son. I am Peter. Mohammed is higher up." And he points to a ladder that rises into the clouds. Delighted that Mohammed should be higher than Peter, he climbs the ladder in great strides, climbs through the clouds, coming to a room where he meets another bearded man. He asks again, "Are you Mohammed?" "No, I am Moses. Mohammed is higher still." Exhausted, but with a heart full of joy he continues to climb the ladder and, yet again, he discovers an even larger room where he meets another man with a beard. Full of hope, he asks again, "Are you Mohammed?" "No, I am Jesus... You will find Mohammed higher up." Mohammed higher than Jesus! The poor man can hardly contain his delight and climbs and climbs, ever higher. Once again he reaches a larger room where he meets a man with a beard and repeats his question: "Are you Mohammed?" he gasps as he is, by now, totally out of breath from all his climbing. "No my son.....I am God. But you look exhausted. Would you like a coffee?" "Yes, please!" said the man. God looks behind him, claps his hands and calls out: "Hey Mohammed, two coffees!"
Wanna know how I can prove Jesus was white? The body of Christ is a cracker.
I’m a ‘rare’ blonde-haired blue-eyed Jewess. Hitler would love me… … if I was ‘well done’. 
What did the wisemen, who were Reddit users, say to Jesus? We come bearing GIFs.
A kid asks his Jewish Dad for $20… The Dad replies, “$15? What do you need $10 for?!”
A priest, a black guy and a jew were sitting next to each other on the plane Suddenly the plane goes down.   It is full of kids. Two parachutes.  Black guy snags one and bails immediately.  Rabbi says, "Give me the last chute!!"   Priest responds with "But what about the kids??"  Rabbi: FUCK THE KIDS!!  Priest: Do we have time?! 
A orthodox priest, a catholic priest and a rabbi .. Walking in the dessert and find a suitcase with 3 mil $.  They talk and decide to split the money evenly,but then the catholic priest says:  " Wait, god gave us this money by his will, so i think we should give something back to him for his mercy."  They all agree but each has a different approach:  The catholic priest throws the money in the air and draws a circle in the sand and says: " What ever falls in the circle is for god, the rest is mine! "  The orthodox priest throws the money in the air then draws a line in the sand and says: " What ever falls on my side of the line is mine the rest is for god."  The rabbi is the last, he takes the money and throws it in the air and says:  "If god need any money he can take while it's in the air , what ever falls back down is mine "
What's the difference between a Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture.
A Catholic Mexican couple decide to mix it up a bit. They'd been engaged for a year and instead of getting married in their village they decided to have a spontaneous marriage in Las Vegas. So they flew there one night, found a cute little chapel and said their vows. As they were leaving a man walks up to them. He said "we like to offer newly wed couples this dare, if you take it you get $500,000 but only if you agree to the dare first." Still glowing with excitement from their new found love they say what the heck why not. They sign the contract then ask with slight nervousness what the dare is. "Well," he replied chuckling to himself, "although you will now get this $500,000 you must have 10 children together!" With the dare now exposed he looses it giggling uncontrollably and fistbumping a random guy walking down the street. The couple look noticably shocked but after a few seconds they seem to recover a little and the husband says it's a good thing they got $500,000 for the dare. The man replies that's what most people say. "I bet," the husband says again. "Last time someone tried to limit how many kids we could have they got thrown out of the village."
I really believe that Allah is the one true god, I mean the universe started with an explosion, didn't it?
One time Jesus walked into a synagogue barefoot. The religious leaders condemned it as sandalless.
A Buddhist, a Muslim, and a Christian all jump off from the top of a 100-floor building to prove their faith can save them. The Buddhist jumps first. As he's falling, he chants "Buddha, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha." Sure enough, about halfway into falling down, he magically starts slowing down and he gently lands on the sidewalk. "Thank you, Buddha." he says with tears.  The Muslim is next. After witnessing what happened, he jumps and starts chanting "Allah, Allah, Allah, Allah, Allah, Allah, Allah, Allah, Allah, Allah." He lands at terminal velocity on the sidewalk, splattering everywhere. His family in tears, hugging each other, happy that he's in paradise now.  Lastly, we have the Christian. He opens his bible and recites a few verses, preparing for the jump. Then he jumps and starts chanting "Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Buddha, Buddha, Buddha."
I met a Jewish girl and she asked for my number. I told her we use are names here. 
What did Mary Magdalene say to Jesus when he lasted a bit too long in bed? Maranatha (come now), Lord Jesus!
A guy sits on a plane and realizes he’s sitting beside The Pope. He’s too intimidated to say anything but after awhile The Pope taps him on the shoulder and says, “Excuse me my son, but I’m doing a crossword puzzle and I’m stuck. The clue is ‘a 4 letter word that you can call a woman’ and it ends with U-N-T.”  The man sits for a minute, stumped until he exclaims, “Aha! I got it!! It’s aunt. A-U-N-T!”   The Pope smiles and claps his hands. “Wonderful!! That must be it!! Thank you! One more thing my son, would you happen to have an eraser?”
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and a Sex Ed teacher? One of them provides a hands-on experience.
I met a Jewish girl today , and she asked for my number I told her we use names here.
What was Jesus's least favorite band? Nine Inch Nails.
Why are Jews and the San Antonio Spurs the same? Neither could beat the heat.
Back in the days of the Soviet Union, a Jewish man living in Moscow applies to move to Israel. At 3:00 AM there’s banging on his door. It’s the KGB.  “You! Jew! You applied to move to Israel?”  He nods.  “Here in Russia, don’t you have food to eat?”   “Yeah, I can’t complain.”   “And here in Russia, don’t you have place to live?”   “Yeah, yeah, I can’t complain.”   “And here in Russia, don’t you have job to work at?”   “Yeah, I can’t complain.”   “So, Jew, why did you apply to move to Israel?”  “Because There I can complain!”
They told me let Jesus in , I'd feel less pain Thats not true though  because now I'm walking around the prison yard with a sore ass
What do you say when you talk about your Muslim friends? Asalaam Ilike'em :D 
What do you call a Muslim fruit stand that sells treats on a beach in Hawaii? 'Aloha Snack bar!'
What do you call a Jewish salamander? A shalomander
A catholic kid is in school and needs help While the teacher was helping the student, he suddenly makes a mistake     Teacher: Oh, you need to erase that     Kid: I can't     Teacher: Why?     Kid: Because I didn't bring a rubber     Teacher: Why not?     Kid: Because my dad said it's a sin to use a rubber
How does a Muslim pay for their food? Allah carte
Jesus loves me But I only like him, so it makes for an awkward relationship. 
Jesus is on the cross and... He shouts “Peter, Peter!”  Peter hears him from 200m away and starts making his way through the crowd and soldiers. At 150m a Roman soldier slashes his right arm off but Peter keeps going determined saying “I am coming master!”  Jesus shouts again “Peter, Peter!”  Peter, now with one arm shouts “I am coming master!” and while at about 100m another Roman soldier chops his other arm off. But Peter keeps going.  Jesus shouts once more “Peter, Peter!”  Peter keeps going, shouts “I am coming master!” And guess what, two Roman soldiers at 50m chop both his legs off.  Mortally wounded, Peter out of sheer faith and determination crawls towards the cross.  “Peter, Peter!” Shouts Jesus.  “Yes master! I am finally here!” Says Peter on the floor without any limbs.  “I can see your house from here Peter!” Says Jesus.  PS. This is one of the best worst jokes I have heard growing up and is direct translation from Greek. Delivery and language might suck, but it’s so bad it’s good for me. I got way worse if interested.
My favorite Jewish name... Clarence
4 Catholics Whenever you have four Cathloics sitting around a table, you always find a fifth.
Altar boys are a bit like Jesus. They're being nailed.
Why do so many people think Jesus is coming back? He was nailed to a cross not a boomerang.
How does a Catholic gun sound when used to shoot? Pew pew!
What do you call a Muslim magician? Allah Kazam.
An Amish family went to the mall. (The Amish don't usually go to the mall, but go with me.)  This family consisted of two parents and a son. The father and the son went by themselves to explore, leaving the mother to do whatever it was that she was doing.  The two men encountered an elevator. This was the first time either of them had ever seen such a contraption, so they stood by and watched to find out what it could do.  This old lady, probably in her eighties or so, that they'd never met, walked past them into the elevator, pushed a button, and stood in the machine quietly. The doors closed, and the two men watched earnestly as the numbers on top of the doors slowly increased. The numbers froze for a minute or two, then they slowly decreased.  They watched as the doors opened, revealing a young girl in her twenties, more beautiful than anyone either of them had ever seen in their lives. She walked out and past the two men, wondering why they were staring.  The father says to his son, "Quick, go get your mother."
Muslims are peace-loving people... They love it when Westerners are blown to peaces.   PS. This is a pun and is not meant to be taken seriously!
What do you call a Muslim basketball player? Dennis Ramadan
What do a drug addict and a muslim prostitute have in common? They both get stoned
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang the picture of Jesus.
What did Jesus say when he was crucified? Nobody touch my Easter eggs. I’ll be back on Monday.
Why do Muslims, black people, Mexicans, and anti-vaxxers like chocolate? Because everyone likes chocolate, and why would someone’s religion, race, nationality, or the fact that they’re an uneducated moron change that?
How many Jews can you fit in a car ? 2 in the front, 3 in the back. And 10,000 in the ashtray.
My Jewish Grandmother's favorite Holocaust joke It's Winter of 1942 and the German SS is in full extermination mode when a new train of Jews comes into the camp. Immediately the train conductor goes to the general and tells the general.  "These are the toughest Jews I have ever seen, General."  The general nods. "Then we will take no chances and immediately send them to the crematorium."  The Jews from the train are herded into the crematorium rooms and locked in for three days while the fires rage on. The general comes back to see the fruits of their labor, the toughest Jews burned to ashes. But when he opens the door...  "What are you doing?! You're going to let all the warm air out!"
What do you call a tiny Jewish knight? Sir Cum-Sized
Who delivered the mail back when Jesus was alive? The apostal service
Did jesus die a virgin? Of course he didn't. He got nailed before his death.
Jesus and Satan were having an ongoing argument about who was better on his computer. They had been going at it for days, and God was tired of hearing all of the bickering.  Finally God said, "Cool it. I am going to set up a test that will run two hours and I will judge who does the better job."  So Satan and Jesus sat down at the keyboards and typed away. They moused. They did spreadsheets. They wrote reports. They sent faxes. They sent e-mail. They sent out e-mail with attachments. They downloaded. They did some genealogy reports. They made cards. They did every known job. But ten minutes before their time was up, lightning suddenly flashed across the sky, thunder rolled, the rain poured and, of course, the electricity went off.  Satan stared at his blank screen and screamed every curse word known in the underworld. Jesus just sighed. The electricity finally flickered back on and each of them restarted their computers.  Satan started searching frantically, screaming "It's gone! It's all gone! I lost everything when the power went out!"  Meanwhile, Jesus quietly started printing out all of his files from the past two hours. Satan observed this and became irate.  "Wait! He cheated, how did he do it?"  God shrugged and said, "Jesus saves."  
Christians believe in Yahweh, muslims believe in Allah, so what do Jews believe in? The monopoly man
Why were there 3 wise men at Jesus' birth? Because they couldn't find 3 wise women.
I am confused, why is there an Old Testament and a New Testament Surely if God is so smart he would get it right the first time.
My favourite part of the bible Was when Jesus went out into the dessert for 40 days and 40 nights by himself... but there was someone there to write about it 
Boy: Dad how come there are no Jews, Christians or Muslims in Star Trek? Dad: Cause it's the future son
Why does Jesus only sell Bibles?  It’s the only way he can make prophet.
The problem with letting Jesus take the wheel... Is that that motherfucker ain't afraid to die.
How did Jesus pay for our sins? With praypal. 
A Muslim band just released a cover song It’s called Jihad Me At Hello
An old Jewish man walks into a restaurant He orders some soup. The waiter quickly brings his soup but the old man doesn’t eat. The waiter returns after some minutes. “Excuse me sir. Is there something wrong with your soup?” “Try it and find out.” The old man responded. “Is the soup too cold?” “Try it.” “I-is it too hot?” “Just try it.” “Not enough vegetables, too much broth, does it smell funny?” “What are ya, mishegas? Just try the soup!” The old man shouts. “Alright!” The waiter gives in. “Where’s the spoon?” He looks over the table. The old man just smiles.
What do Amish people call their children? Omelets
Why does Jesus golf with no hands?  Because he always gets a hole in one.    My wife hates this joke. 
Jesus and Mary Magdalene were having difficulties in the bedroom. After the 2nd try, Jesus said... "Don't worry, it'll rise again".
Two old Muslim friends, Ali and Mohammed, happen to meet on the street in New York They talk about how they’ve been doing, and Ali mentions that he recently bought the Hilton hotel in Manhattan.   Mohammed says “that must have been expensive”   Ali: “ah it wasn’t that much. You want to see what else I bought?”    So they hop on his private jet, fly to Paris and go to the Louvre. Sure enough, there’s a little sign under the Mona Lisa that says the painting is owned by Ali, and on loan to the museum.  “Wow, that must have been pricey!”    “No it wasn’t bad. Let’s go to Germany next”    So they get back in the Citation and go to Stuttgart, where Ali points out that he is the new owner of Daimler-Benz.  “That must’ve cost a fortune” says Muhammed    “Ah you know, I can afford it” says Ali “let’s go to Rome next”   After another quick trip in the jet, they are standing on St Peters Square amongst a crowd of people.  Finally the pope steps out on his balcony, slowly looks around the crowd, raises his hands and says:   “ALLAHU AKKBAR”  Ali turns to Mohammed and goes: “Now *that* was expensive”
King Kong had his way with an old Jewish woman from Florida. She's so upset. "He never calls, he never writes!"
Jesus walks into a jewish bar Let's just say he got hammered...
What dating app do Catholic Priests use? Amber Alerts. 
Why do the ladies love Jesus? He's well hung and there's always a second coming.
Jesus and Moses are hanging out at the lake talking about the good ole’ days Moses turns to Jesus and says “back in the day, I split an entire sea in half like it was nothing. Hell, I still can, watch this Jesus!”  And with that, Moses stands up, claps his hands and proceeds to part the lake in front of him. He hold it for a solid 30 seconds before letting the lake merge back together.  Jesus looks at him and says “that’s pretty good, old man but I still have a few tricks left up my sleeve too!” With that, Jesus runs out on the lake. He makes it about 20 feet. Right when he is about to to turn around and say TADAH! He sinks to the bottom of the lake. Jesus swims back defeated. He gets to the shore and says to Moses “Moses, man I don’t know what happened!? It worked in the past!” Moses says to Jesus “Don’t worry about it JC, last time you tried that trick you didn’t have those holes in your feet!”
How did the Catholic priest make one team lose the Superbowl? He told the quarterback to do 20 hail Marys. 
King of Jews Jesus wasn't known as the king of Jews until the last supper when he decided not to tip.
What's the Catholic Church's favourite soccer team? BSC Young Boys 
How does Jesus smell? God nose.
My cousin from the south said we should kill every Muslim who owns a lama. I think he is lamaphobe.
Why do Muslims always fail drug test? They keep getting stoned.
Why did the man leave the Jewish library? It was too nosy.
A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while . . . A Jewish man sends his son to Israel to live there for a while. Eventually he returns home and he is now a Christian. The man finds this to be odd and mentions it to his friend.  The friend listens, thinks for a moment and says, "That's odd. I sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian." So the two of them went to see the Rabbi.  They told the Rabbi the story of how they had both sent their sons to Israel as Jews, and how both sons had returned as Christians. The Rabbi listened, thought for a minute and then said "That's odd. I also sent my son to Israel as a Jew and he returned as a Christian."  So the three of them decide to go to Israel to find out what's going on over there. The arrive and go straight to the Western Wall to pray. They explain to God all about how they sent their sons to Israel as Jews and how the all returned as Christians."  There is a long silence, and then God begins to speak saying, "That's odd . . . "
The Pope enjoyed a walk around the Vatican every afternoon. One afternoon as he is walking in a quiet area, he pulls up his robe and begins to masturbate. Just as he is reaching climax, he hears a click, and turns to see a Japanese tourist snapping pictures. Walking over, the pontiff says "Boy that's a nice camera. Would you consider selling it to me?" The tourist declines, and the pope says, "I'll give you $5,000." Eagerly the tourist accepts the offer and the pope hurries back to St Peters with the camera. A passing cardinal remarks, "Is that one of those new Japanese cameras? What did you pay for it?" "$5,000", blurts out the pope. "Wow!" Says the cardinal. "They must've seen you coming!"
How did Hitler transport the Jews? Jew-Haul. 
How many Jewish mothers does it take to change a lightbulb? It's fine. I'll sit in the dark.
One day the pope wakes up with an erection Damnit, must have been a side effect from the Holy Viagra. It won't go away, but he has a parade to go to that morning! So he steps onto his Holy Balcony, slips out of his Holy Pyjamas, and does what most people do when they have an erection they want to get rid of.  That's masturbate, by the way.  Anyway, job well done, he heads back inside and robes-up ready for the parade.   He's walking along, blessing people and all that shit, when some guy comes up to him with a camera. Tapping the camera with his index finger, he says to the pope, "This morning, 8am, on the balcony. I think you know what I'm talking about. $100,000 and I'll give you the camera. It's a 2003 model, no Wi-Fi. The pictures are on here and nowhere else."  The pope, shaking with fear and embarrassed by his stupidity, whips out his Holy Wallet and gives the man the cash. If you think it's unrealistic that the pope would carry this much money, please stop over-analyzing, it's just a joke.  Anyway, with the blackmailer paid off, the pope finishes the parade and heads back home. On his way back into the Vatican, the high priest notices the camera. "Hey, that's a pretty retro camera! How much did you pay for that?"  "$100,000," replies the pope, dejectedly.   "Wow!", says the high priest, "He certainly saw you coming!"
The Pope says the rhythm method of contraception works fine  And the results speak for themselves 
Are you Jewish? A man is sitting on a train, reading a newspaper, as it pulls into the station. A woman boards the train, and the two notice each other briefly. She takes her seat a few rows in front of him.  The train departs, and after a few minutes, the woman gets up from her seat and approaches the man.  "Excuse me. Are you Jewish?" she asks.  "Uh, no. I'm not Jewish." He answers, slightly miffed by the strange question.  Apparently satisfied with his answer, she returns to her seat.  About ten minutes later, she returns.  "I'm sorry, but are you *sure* you're not Jewish?" she asks, peering over his newspaper.  Still confused, he answers over his folded newspaper, "Uh, yeah. I'm pretty sure I'm not Jewish."  She gives a suspecting glare, but returns to her seat.  Thirty minutes go by before she returns, yet again.  "I'm sorry, but are you *absolutely sure* you're not Jewish?" she demands.  "Fine. You win. I'm Jewish." he snaps, visibly annoyed.  "That's funny," she says. "You don't *look* Jewish."
What do you call a Jewish person learning self defense? Jew Jitsu
On his deathbed, on old Jew tells his wife: ‘Oh, Sarah, when the shop burned down you were right beside me, no?’ - ‘ Sure I was, Moshe’  ‘When the Nazis drove us out of our beloved Deutschland you were beside me, no?- ‘ I was Moshe.’  ‘And now you’re at my death bed, aren’t you?’ - ‘I am, darling’  ‘I’m starting to think you’re bad luck, Sarah.’  
It must have been so cool living in a Jewish village. Everyone gets to be sheriff.
Why do Catholics make the best Communists? They're fine with standing in line for bread.
(NSFW)***OFFENSIVE***What’s the difference between a Jew and a pizza? A pizza doesn’t scream when you put them in the oven.  How many Jews can you put in a Volkswagen?  2 in the front, 2 in the back, and 10 in the ashtray.  Actually, I shouldn’t tell Jew jokes. My grandpa died in a concentration camp.   He fell off the guard tower. 
Why don't Jews tip? They don't have theirs, you don't get yours.
What do you call a Jewish vampire? Discount Dracula
Jesus and Moses compete who can cross a river faster: Jesus and Moses compete who can cross a river faster. Moses makes the water split and walks on dry land to the other side. Jesus tries to walk on water, but glug... glug... glug... he starts sinking. "What's the matter?" asks Jesus, "I walked on the water quite well 2000 years ago..." "Well," replies Moses, "that was before you got those holes in your feet..."
A man boards a plane and, to his surprise, finds the pope in the seat next to him... Shortly after takeoff, the pope opens the newspaper and starts working on the crossword puzzle. Almost immediately the pope turns to the man and says, “Execuse me, do you know a four-letter word that ends in ‘unt’ and refers to a woman?”  Just one word leapt to mind, an extremely vulgar one. The man thinks to himself, “I can’t suggest *that* word to the pope. There must be another word . . .”   Then it hits him. He turns to the pope and says, “I think the word you’re looking for is ‘aunt.’ ”  “Of course!” Exclaims the pope. “I don’t suppose you have an eraser?”
What were the last words of Jesus? Wait till my father hears about this!
Jesus fucking Christ! Me catholic teacher: ABSOLUTELY NOT WE WILL HAVE NONE OF THAT HOMOSEXUALITY HERE!
Jesus and Saint Peter are golfing. St. Peter steps up to the tee on a par three and hits one long and straight. It reaches the green. Jesus is up next. He slices it. It heads over the fence into traffic on an adjacent street. Bounces off a truck, onto the roof of a nearby shack and into the rain gutter, down the drain spout and onto a lilly pad at the edge of a lake. A frog jumps up and snatches the ball in his mouth. An eagle swoops down, grabs the frog. As the eagle flies over the green, the frog croaks and drops the ball. It's in the hole. Saint Peter looks at Jesus, exasperated. "Are you gonna play golf?" he asks "Or are you just gonna fuck around?"
Why did Jesus cross the road? Because some bastard had nailed him to the chicken!
I'm offended by Jew jokes because my grandfather died in Auschwitz... He fell out of a guard tower
A blаck Jewish boy runs home from school one day and asks his father, “Daddy, am I more Jewish or more black?” The dad replies, “Why do you want to know, son?” “Because a kid at school is selling a bike for $50 and I want to know if I should talk him down to $40 or just steal it!"
A Higgs Boson walks into a Catholic church. "Get out!", said the priest.  "But without me, how can you have mass?"
If Toby Mcguire was Jesus... Would he be toby messiah? 
Why did the Jews kill Jesus ? Because he was healing people for free.  
I hate going into jewellery stores with my girlfriend , all the staff always assume we're there for the engagement rings.     Mind you, the ski masks probably don't help. 
“Knock knock” “Hi, do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior, Jesus Christ?” “Yes” ......... ................  “Would you like to step inside?” “I’m not sure, I’ve never made it this far”   
Arnold's is long , Jim Carry's short Madona doesn't have one and the pope has but doesn't use it? Surname...
How many Catholics does it take to change a light bulb Nun.
What does Popeye put on his dick to have sex? Olive Oyle..!!
Why don’t Baptists have sex standing up? They’re afraid somebody might see them and think they’re dancing.
What type of jokes did Jesus tell the lame? Standup
Jesus is like a woman. Pray all you like; they’ll never really come.
Why was jesus in such good shape? Because the crossfit
Why did the Pope fall down a flight of stairs? His cane didn't have a rubber tip on it.
What's the thing in common between buying shoes and jews? There are more of them in 39 than in 45. (the joke work only with EU size :-D ) 
I found Jesus! He was behind the couch the whole time.
I'm a Catholic I'm saving myself for the priest
What's the difference between a jeweller and a jailer? One sells watches and the other watches cells.
How did the NASA manage to recruit Jewish scientists for the second moon landing? They told them someone lost a penny during the first moon landing.
Im getting tired of jew jokes They are really overdone.
(OFFENSIVE) Whats the difference between a boy scout and a jew in the 1940's? The boy scout comes back from the camp
A young muslim boy asks his dad " what are you wearing on yout head?" The father said: "Why, my son, it is a 'chechia.' In the desert it protects our heads from the intense heat of the sun.”  "And what is the long flowing robe you are wearing?” asked the boy.  “Oh, my son!” exclaimed the father “It is very simple. This is a 'djbellah.' As I have told you, in the desert it is not only very hot, but the sand is always blowing. My djbellah protects the entire body."  The son then asked: "But Father, what about those ugly shoes you have on your feet?”  "These are 'babouches' my son,” the father replied. You must understand that although the desert sands are very beautiful, they are also extremely hot. These babouches keep us from burning our feet."  Son asks " what is that black tent mom and sister are wearing ?"   Father :" It's called a burkha , it helps the hot desert sand from hitting the face and body during a sandstorm" .  "So tell me then," added the boy.  "Yes, my son…”  "Why are we living in Birmingham and still wearing all this shit?
What's Jesus' favorite spice? Sin o' man
What are Jewish people best known for cooking? The books.
My wife left me yesterday. She turned to me, and exclaimed “I LOVE JESUS” And then she ran off with our gardener.
I get really pissed off at racists who say I’m cheap because I’m part Jewish. It’s because I’m part Scottish.
I just realize why Jesus is so well remembered... He was the only white dude in the middle east!
The Pope was diagnosed with a mysterious terminal disease . . . Frantic, cardinals and archbishops around the world scoured old medical texts and consulted the top minds and researchers in the world in hopes of finding a cure.  Finally, after weeks of searching, a promising cure was found - but it was not without its controversy. The highest of the clergy discussed at length about how to break the news to the ailing Pope.  They decided that the frank and honest truth would be the best way forward. Solemnly, they entered his bedchambers and approached the old man,  "Holy Father, we have found a cure for your affliction, but it comes at a great cost. We are afraid that the only way your life would be saved is for you to engage in sexual relations with a woman. Please believe us that if there was any other way to save you, it would have found it by now."  The dying man closed his eyes, breathed a rasping sigh, and nodded.  "I understand my friends. Our lord truly does work in mysterious ways. He has provided this miracle - it is clear that He has plans for me yet and does not wish for me to enter His kingdom at this time." After a long pause, he continued, "if His will be done, and I am to lay with a woman then I have three requests."  "Of course - anything you wish. You have only to ask," came the reply with a sigh of relief.  "First," said the Pope, "the woman must be blind so that she may not see with whom she lays".  "Yes, yes, discretion must be maintained" the cardinals responded nodding.  "Second," said the Pope, "the woman must also be deaf so that she may not hear and perhaps guess as to my identity".  "Brilliant your Holiness," the cardinals agreed. "And what, Father, is your third request?"  "Big tits"
Why do many catholic priests have small penises? God made them that way for a good reason.
What can Jesus do to water and Athiests? Make them both wine.
Why should only take 0 or 2 baptists fishing with you? Well if you take just one he'll drink all your beer.
Why did Popeye lose the final round of the poetry competition? He couldn't stanza no more 
the Pope doesn't carry cash...  the Pope doesn't carry cash...  he uses Papal to make payments
Jesus walks into a tavern... And asks for a table for 26. The hostess says “but there are only 13 of you”. Jesus replies “yeah, but we’re all gonna sit on the same side”
What's the difference between a zit and a catholic priest? A zit will wait until you're at least twelve before it comes on your face.
What do you call a Muslim redneck? Allahbama
I went on a date with a Jewish girl once when she asked me for my number, I just said that we have names and not numbers.
What do muslims say when their sister pokes them in the eye? Eye-sis
Maria, a staunch Catholic woman got married and had 15 kids with her husband Sadly, he passed away sometime later. Maria then married another man and had 15 children with him as well. Soon after, her second husband also passed away and eventually, Maria passed away   2 days later, it's Maria's funeral and the Priest says"Finally. They are together". Maria's sister, amidst  the crowd, is confused and says "Excuse me, Father. When you say 'they' are together, do you mean Maria and her first husband or Maria and her second husband"  The Priest shrugs and says "I was talking about her legs".
God tells Jesus that he's also the Jews' God. Jesus: No way!  God: Yaweh
Two muslims walk into a bar Boom
Jesus tried stand up comedy once. It was so bad, people literally crucified him.
My dad is Jewish but my mom is Christian so I’m half Jewish (oc) Since I’m half Jewish I only get half of everything Jewish, 4 candles at Hanukkah, just a mitzvah, and such, as well as half the jokes. So, two rabbis walk into a bar
How many Jewish people can you fit in a Volkswagen? 1 million and 5; 2 in the front, 3 in the back and a million in the ashtray.
Some say that Jesus was a virgin for his whole life... Others say he got nailed right before he died.
I don't understand why people say Jews are cheap. Every single one has left a tip.
How did Jesus stay in such great shape? Crossfit  Edit: thanks for the frankenscens!
What do Jesus and Casanova have in common? The face expression while getting nailed
What happens when the pope dies? Another popes up!
What do you get when you cross Jesus? The salvation of mankind 
As it turns out, a large majority of the participants in the Running of the Bulls are Catholic priests. They all took a vow to stay chaste.
Why do people think jesus is coming back? He wasn't nailed to a boomerang
How do you crash a muslims iphone? Airplane mode
The Jewish Samurai Once upon a time, a powerful Emperor of the Rising Sun advertised for a new Chief Samurai.  After a year, only three applied for the job:  a Japanese, a Chinese and a Jewish Samurai.   "Demonstrate your skills!" commanded the Emperor.   The Japanese samurai stepped forward, opened a tiny box and released a fly. He drew his samurai sword and *Swish!* the fly fell to the floor, neatly divided in two!   "What a feat!" said the Emperor. "Number Two Samurai, show me what you do."   The Chinese samurai smiled confidently, stepped forward and opened a tiny box, releasing a fly. He drew his samurai sword and *Swish! *Swish!* The fly fell to the floor neatly quartered.   "That is skill!" nodded the Emperor. "How are you going to top that, Number three Samurai?"   The Jewish samurai, Yoku Cohen, stepped forward, opened a tiny box releasing one fly, drew his samurai sword and *Swoosh!* flourished his sword mightily, but the fly was still buzzing around!   In disappointment, the Emperor said, "What kind of skill is that?? The fly isn't even dead."   "Dead," replied Cohen in contempt. "Dead is easy.  Now circumcision, that takes real skill."
Why was the Jew so good at making coffee? Because he brew.
An Old Jewish Man A  journalist heard about a very old Jewish man who had been going to   the Western  Wall to pray, twice a day, every day, for a long, long   time.  So she went to check it out. She went to the Western Wall and there he   was, walking slowly up  to the holy site.  She watched him pray and   after about 45 minutes, when  he turned to leave, using a cane and   moving very slowly, she approached him for an interview.   "Sir, how long have you been coming to the Western Wall and praying?   "For about 60 years."   "60 years! What do you pray for?"   "I pray for peace between the Christians, Jews, and the Muslims.  I pray for all the wars and all the hatred to stop.  I pray for all our children to grow up safely as responsible adults   and to love their fellow man.  I pray that politicians tell us the truth and put the interests of the   people ahead of their own interests.  I pray that everyone will be happy."   "How do you feel after doing this for 60 years?"   "Like I'm talking to a wall!" 
Why are there no Jewish Jedi family's? Because they have no force kin
What was Judas’s favorite gun? A nail gun 
Jesus walked on water But Stephen hawking ran on batteries 
What happened when students for the deaf and blind went to the Catholic Church? Mass confusion 
Jesus and Satan are having a competition... ... to see who is the better Excel user. God is the judge.  Satan is killing it. He has pivot tables, graphs, macros. Jesus is doing ok - he has a few columns of data, some basic graphs and some formulae.  The time is nearing the 2hour time limit and suddenly the power goes off. Satan is cursing and swearing. 2 minutes later power comes back on and Jesus' carries on from where he left off.  Satan has nothing. He has to start from scratch.  When the time runs out God has to declare Jesus the winner because he has a far better Excel sheet than Satan.  Satan is really pissed and lodges a complaint and asks why was Jesus able to continue from where he left off?  God replies: "Jesus saves"
How did the jewish boy cure his ADD? He was sent to a concentration camp
What do you call a cow that believes in Allah? a Moo-slim
Did you hear about the new Muslim comic? his career is blowing up!
Jesus is preparing for the Last Supper... Jesus: Judas, I need you to go to each and every one of my disciples and tell them to meet me here for supper. Also, stop by the market and get some fish, vegetables, and a dessert. When you've come back and are done cooking, set up the table and our best plates.   Later that evening, while everyone is enjoying their food, Jesus begains in a somber tone, "One of you will betray me -  Judas: "Why do I have to do everything around here?!"
Why did Jesus go back to the sperm bank? It was the second coming.  
Why does Jesus always looked chiseled in paintings? He did CrossFit
I think Muslims' way to fight Satan is effective! I doubt he can take care of his tasks, because he is stonned all the time.
Why couldn't Jesus catch the pretty caterpillar? He had holes in his hands.
I found a wallet in the street and asked myself what would jesus do I turned into wine
What was the Jewish dwarf's nickname? Rumpledforeskin.
Jesus, Moses and a very old guy.  Jesus, Moses and a very old man are playing golf. At the first  hole there was a water puddle aprox 10 ft. from the hole. The first one  to go was Moses. He swung and it was a beautiful shot but it headed right  for the water puddle. Moses opened his eyes widely and the water split  down the middle and the ball rolled through. The ball finnally stopped  about 5 ft from the hole.  Jesus looked at Moses and said "Good shot Moses."  Jesus was up next. He swung and it was a beautiful shot but it was  also heading directly for the water puddle. So Jesus opened his eyes very  wide and the golf ball sprouted legs and walked on the water. The ball  finnally stopped about 3 ft from the hole.  Moses looked at Jesus and said "Good shot Jesus."  Finnally, it was the older man's turn. He swung and being a weak old  man he only hit the ball about 15 ft. but before the ball stopped a gofer  picks the ball up and begins to run away, then an eagle swoops down and  grabs the gofer and begins to fly away with it, then a bolt of lightning  strikes the eagle, the eagle drops the gofer, the gofer hits the ground, the  ball flies out of its mouth and into the hole.  Moses grumbles to Jesus saying "I hate playing golf with your dad"
When Jesus went to heaven... Was he just moving back in with his parents?
This is a joke my very Catholic grandma used to tell me: A little boy was walking past the church when he dropped his snack of crackers and cheddar in a puddle... Angry at his misfortune, he loudly cursed, "Jesus Christ, God Almighty!!" The priest overheard and exclaimed, "What did you say, young man? You know it's a great sin to take the Lord's name in vain!" The little boy looked around frantically and responded, "Umm, I said my cheese and crackers got all muddy!"
A man runs into the Pope in Vatican City and asks him what the afterlife is like... The Pope looked over at him and said, "Well my son in Heaven, the police are British, the cooks are French, the Mechanics are German, the lovers are Italian and it's all run by the Swiss".   The man paused for a moment and The Pope interrupted, "Hell is a the same place but the police are German, the cooks are British, the mechanics are French, the lovers are Swiss, and it's all run by the Italians". 
A Greek, A Jew and an Irishman are killed by a bus   An angel descends and tells them "Actually, there's been a mistake. It wasn't your time to die. We will let you come back to life, but you must promise to renounce your vices."  To the Irishman, the angel said, "Your vice is drinking too much. You can come back to life as long as you stop drinking. We will tempt and test you to make sure you abstain." He agrees.   To the Greek, the angel said, "You engage in perverted sexual practices. You can come back to life only if you remain celibate. We will test you to make sure you comply." He agrees.   To the Jew, the angel said, "Your vice is greed. You can come back to life only if you reform your avaricious ways. But you will be tested." He agrees.  As the three resurrected men are walking down the street, they pass a bar. The Irishman resists. They pass a second bar. He resists again. They pass a third bar, and the Irishman can't resist any longer - he runs toward the bar and instantly disappears in a puff of smoke.   Frightened, the Greek and the Jew continue walking. The Jew spots a penny on the ground, and is able to resist picking it up. Then it turns into a quarter. Still he resists. Then it turns into a dollar. He wavers, but still resists.   It turns into a five. Nope.  It turns into a ten. Nope.  It turns into a $20 bill.   He bends over to pick it up, and both him and the Greek disappear.
Dave and the Pope The Pope and his best friend Dave go golfing. On the first hole, Dave misses a relatively easy putt and exclaims "Fuck! I missed!" The Pope tells him to please watch his language and they continue playing.  A few holes later, Dave misses another easy putt, putting him behind the Pope. He again exclaims "Fuck! I missed again!" And once again the Pope tells him to not use that language. Dave apologizes and they keep playing.  A few holes later the same thing happens. The Pope says, "if you use that type of language again, may a bolt of lightning strike you where you stand." Dave once again apologizes.  On the last hole, the men are tied. The Pope makes par. Dave has landed the ball two feet from the hole and if he makes the putt, he will win the game. He lines up the putt, and once again missed. He gets so mad and screams "Fuck! I missed AGAIN!" At that moment, lightning strikes the Pope, who collapses and dies. High above, the clouds open up and a great booming voice proclaims "well fuck. I missed."
A Jewish man calls the newspaper to publish an obituary notice for her wife Shlomo: Hello, This is Shlomo, I want to publish an obituary notice for my wife Rachel.   Agent: Hello Shlomo, how shall we publish it, do you have any words in mind?  Shlomo: "Rachel is dead". That's enough.  Agent: Sir you can write more; its the same price.  Shlomo: Hmm okay, "My wife Rachel is dead."  Agent: Sir, it is the same price up to 9 words, are you sure this is enough?  ..after a moment of pause   Shlomo: "My wife Rachel is dead, Ford Fiesta for Sale."
At a meeting in a synagogue, a young Jew asked the wise old Rabbi:  “Rabbi, why do people hate Jews so much?” The Rabbi thinks for a while and says “That is an interesting question. We will all talk about it tomorrow over some vodka! Each one of you shall bring a bottle of fine vodka, so we can mix it all up in a big vessel and drink, discuss, and then the answer will be clear.” … … The young Jew went home and thought to himself “if everyone else is going to bring a bottle of vodka, I’ll just bring a bottle of water and no one will be the wiser.”  Next day the young Jew showed up with a vodka bottle filled with water, anxious to see what answer the Rabbi would provide to his question. The Rabbi started to pour all the vodka together in a vessel and began stirring it. The young Jew got impatient – “Please, Rabbi! What is the answer to my question? Why do people hate us so much?”  The Rabbi then filled a cup, gave it to the young Jew and said “Drink this now!”  The young Jew drank the cup and said “But this is just water!” And the Rabbi said, “and that is why the people hate us”
Jesus, Chuck Norris, and Moses decided to go fishing...  Out on the water they realized they forgot their food. Jesus says," I'm sure hungry I'm going to go get a sandwich." Stands up, walks across the water and gets a sandwich. Chuck Norris decided he was hungry too. Gets up, walks across the water and gets a sandwich. Moses thinks he hungry too, steps out of the boat, and falls in and is barely staying above water. Jesus looks at Chuck and says, " You think we should tell him about the stepping stones?"   Chuck Norris asks," what stepping stones?"
What does Jesus and the South have in common? They both will rise again.  
I like Jesus But he loves me, so it's awkward 
I have never sucked another man's penis. Hand to Jesus! ...I met him at a gas station, and he paid me $50. How could I say no?!
How do you get two catholic priests to fight in a bar? You toss in a little boy!
How did Jesus walk on water? He did it in fucking January
A con man is arrested for conning several women out of their jewelry. The sheriff's prison is full and doesn't have the budget to hold him anywhere else so that weekend he ties the man to a pole and creates two lines. In one line citizens pay a dollar to punch him in the face, in the other they pay five dollars to kick him in the balls.  On the final day one guy pays his one dollar and waits his turn. When he gets up to the cob man he notices the mans face is so beat up and bloody that it's impossible to recognize who he is anymore and questions what punching him would even accomplish. So, he winds his leg back and nails him the balls.  The sheriff runs up to him and yells, "Hey, you can't do that!"  The man asks, "Why not" The sheriff replied, "This is the punch line."
What's the most popular music at Muslim coming out parties? Hard Rock.
What did the Catholic bodybuilder say when he went to confession after falling off a new diet plan? Forgive me Father, For i have binged
Why did Jesus get all the ladies? Because he was so hung.
Q. What do muslims call a woman who is off limits? A. Harambae
What do you call a Muslim that's late to everything? 9/12
Where do Muslims go to get drunk? The Allahuak Bar
If an Italian mobster is a wise guy, what's a Jewish mobster? A Weissguy. 
Did you know Abe Lincoln was Jewish? He was shot in the temple. 
Why are Protestants like birds? They both have a Diet of Worms
A Jewish Father was very upset by the way his son turned out and went to see his rabbi about it. "Rabbi, I brought my son up in the faith, gave him a very expensive Bar Mitzvah, and it cost me a fortune to educate him.  Then, he tells me last week that he's decided to be Christian. Rabbi, where did I go wrong?"  The Rabbi rubs his beard and says:  "Funny you should come to me.  I too brought up my son as a boy of faith, sent him to University, and it cost me a fortune for his education.  Then after he's done, he comes to me and says that he wants to be Christian."  "What did you do?" the man asked the Rabbi.  "I turned to God for the answer," replied the Rabbi.  "Well, what did he say?" asked the man.  He said, "Funny you should come to me....."
Who led the Jews through a semi permeable membrane? Osmoses 
What do Mississippi Jews call God? Y'all-weh! 
Jesus fed 2000 Christians with 2 fishes and 5 loaves of bread Adolf made 6 million Jews toast.
An Amish girl and her mother were visiting a mall and they were especially amazed by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and back together again with a room inside. The girl asked, “Mother, what is this?”   The mother, never having seen an elevator before, responded, “I have no idea."  While the girl and her mother watched with amazement, an old man in a wheelchair rolled up to the moving walls and pressed a button.   After he got in, the walls closed and the numbers counted up and then down. The walls opened up again and a hunky young man stepped out.   The mother, not taking her eyes off the young man, said quietly to her daughter, “Go get your father.”
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver." 
Maria, a devout Catholic, got married and had 15 children After her first husband died, she remarried and had 15 more children. A few weeks after her second husband died, Maria also passed away. At Maria's funeral, the priest looked skyward and said, "At last, they're finally together." Her sister sitting in the front row said, "Excuse me, Father, but do you mean she and her first husband, or she and her second husband?" The priest replied, "I mean her legs."
What's the difference between Mexicans and Jesus? Jesus didn't have tattoos of Mexicans all over *him*
Jesus may have fed five thousand men bread and fish... But Hitler made six million Jews toast.
How good do you think Jesus would be at rolling a cross joint? He’d nail it 
What does Jesus call God’s sister? Anti-Christ
What would Jesus’ favorite type of gun be? a Nail Gun   
What do Amish people call their kids? Omelettes.
What does a mathematician order from Popeyes? cos law
How do you give a Jewish woman an abortion? (mildly offensive) How do you give a Jewish woman an abortion?  Hold some cheese in front of her vagina and the rat should come crawling out.
On his recent trip to Israel, Pope Francis went to Mount Olive. When he found out, Popeye was pissed and kicked his ass.
A muslim girl came up to me and said "man i got stoned last night" So i said " What did you do to piss your family off"
You know the worst part about being Amish? Waiting for photos of your mom through the mail.
What’s the difference between a Jew and a canoe? The canoe tips.
My friends half jew I guess hes jew-ish
What do you call a jewish gym-goer? A Hebro
Why are arc angels in Muslim art so beautiful??? They had a limit for the number of eyeballs 
You hear about the movie coming out about the blind Jewish girl? It's called Not See.
How did Jesus get washboard abs? He did planks
What did one Catholic Priest say to the other Catholic Priest when they walked into an Orphanage? Let us prey.
What type of exercise plan did Jesus follow? Crossfit.
Moses and Jesus are in a rowboat on the Red sea talking about the "good ole days". Moses says "I wonder if I still got it?". He stands up, raises his hands to the sky and, WHOOSH! The sea parts.  He lowers his hands, sits down and the water crashes down and returns to a calm.  Jesus says "oh yeah? Watch this!".  He kicks off his sandals stands up and leaps over the side of the boat.  He takes three or four steps on the waters surface then, KERPLUNK! He sinks below the sea.  He comes up spitting and coughing up water, clinging to the side of the boat.  "I don't get it." Jesus says,"I used to do that trick great.". Moses replies,"Yeah, but back then you didn't have the holes in your feet." 
I came here to tell you all a Muslim Joke, but decided against it... They always blow up in your face anyway...
Why can't the gay Jewish sailor stay in any harbour? Because he can't dock.
Why are Catholics the best snipers? Because they're always Amen for the head
A drunken man staggers in to a Catholic church and sits down in a confession box and says nothing.    The bewildered priest coughs to attract his attention, but still  the man says nothing.    The priest then knocks on the wall three times in a final attempt to get the man to speak.    Finally, the drunk replies: "No use knocking' buddy, there's no paper in this one either."  
Martians and Jesus So a Martian arrives on earth. Obviously humanity has many questions for him, so the U.N. decides to arrange a conference. All the world leaders, public intellectuals and religious heads are in attendance to ask their most burning questions.  When it is the Pope's turn, he asks, "I was wondering...have you ever heard of our lord and savior Jesus Christ?" the pope asks.  "Of course!" says the Martian. "He stops by our planet every couple of years and we all have a big party."  The pope looks baffled and says, "Surely you are mistaken. Jesus Christ was here about two thousand years ago but he left and we've been waiting for his return ever since. Why would he visit you so often?"  And the Martian says, "Well, maybe he didn't like the party."  "Pardon me?" the pope says.  "Well," says the Martian, "when Jesus first showed up on our planet we threw a huge party. Music, dancing, food; it was great! What did you guys do?"
Learning Math In A Catholic School A father who is very much concerned about his son’s bad grades in math decides to register him at a Catholic school.  After his first term there, the son brings home his report card: he’s getting “A”s in math.  The father is, of course, pleased, but wants to know: “Why are your math grades suddenly so good?”  “You know”, the son explains, “when I walked into the classroom the first day, and I saw that guy on the wall nailed to a plus sign, I knew one thing: This place means business!” 
Jesus to the Jews: I am the son of God.  Jews: No way...  Jesus: Yahweh.
A Chinese man and a Jewish man are sitting next to each other on a plane They make polite small talk and then sit back to wait for takeoff.  All of a sudden, the Jewish man turns and delivers his neighbor a swift kick in the shins.  "Yeow!", yells the Chinese man, "What was that for?"  "That was for Pearl Harbor!"  "But the Chinese didn't do that! It was the Japanese!"  "Ach, Chinese, Japanese, it's all the same to me."  A few minutes go by, and then the Chinese man turns and kicks his neighbor hard in the shins.  "Ow!", yells the Jewish man, "What was that for?"  "That... was for... um, the Titanic!"  "The Titanic? What do I even have to do with that? That was sunk by an iceberg!"  "Iceberg, Goldberg, it's all the same to me."
That Catholic priest just touched me with his amazing sermon.
Jesus walks into a hotel....... Puts 3 nails down on that counter and asks, "Can you put me up for the night?"
Jew praying to god A Jew having no children, no money, no home and a blind mother, prays sincerely to God to improve his life.  God is very pleased with his prayer, and grants him one wish, just one!  The Jew says OK God, thanks, my one and only wish is - 'I want my Mom to see my wife putting one hundred million dollars worth of diamonds around the neck of each of my 5 children, in my Rolls Royce parked next to our 2 Ferraris and 2 Lamborghinis near the enclosed heated Olympic sized swimming pool of our new 50,000 sq.ft. bungalow in our 50 acre property in Beverly Hills.'  God: Damn it! I still have a lot to learn from these Jews!
What do you call a retarded jew? Aushwitstic.
What do Jewish people and basketball games have in common? The tip off. 
Why can’t Jesus play hockey? Because he always gets pinned against the boards.
What happens to a Jew that isn't focused.... they get sent to a concentration camp.
How do you know Jesus was white? Because, He is a cracker. 
What do you call an exam at a Jewish gynecologist? A pap schmear 
When asked about the inappropriate behavior by his priests the pope said “it’s an age old problem.”
The pope is really early to his plane flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well I'm not sure. But the pope's his driver."
What is Jesus' favorite gun? A nail gun
A Southern Baptist minister was addressing his congregation. "Today I am a sad man. And I’m gonna tell you why I am a sad man. I am a sad man because a member of this church has been spreading the word that I am a member of the Ku Klux Klan. That person has not had the courage to speak this falsehood to my face, so I call upon them to stand up now before you all and tell me why they have been peddling such malicious lies."  An attractive blonde woman stood up nervously.  "You?" said the minister, shocked. "My own sister-in-law? How could you say such things about me?"  "I didn’t mean any harm," said the woman. "It was all a terrible misunderstanding. All I did was tell my friend you were a wizard beneath the sheets!"
What's the difference between R Kelly and the Catholic Church? One of them has significantly better music.  I'll see myself out now! 
What is a jazz musician that got kicked out of the catholic church? Sax-communicated.
What do you call it when an immigrant walks into a Catholic Church? Alien vs Predator (this is my son’s joke)
Lev Bell had 500K in jewellery stolen by 2 female acquaintances... They were probably fans of the Stealers
A Jew, Christian and Muslim sitting in a room Because they are friends
I blame the Jews God descends to Earth to choose his people.  He goes to the Gypsies:  "Do you want to be the chosen ones?"  "We want, yes"  "But I have to give you a command ..."  "Give it to us,"  "Do not steal anymore."  "Thanks, bruh, we do not care"  &amp;#x200B;  He goes to the Italians:  "Do you want to be the chosen people?"  "We want it."  "But I have to give you a command ..."  "Give it to us."  "Stop doing Bi orgies."  "No thanks, we don't care"  &amp;#x200B;  He goes to the Jews:  "Do you want to be the chosen people?"  "Yes."  "But I have to give you a command ..."  "How much does it cost?"  "Well, it costs nothing."  "Give us 10!"
Antivax mothers all over think that their children are safe because of believing in Jesus. And like Jesus, their children could die because of a rusty nail.
An old Irish Catholic is on his deathbed An old Irish Catholic is on his deathbed, and while his family gather round him he asks one of his sons to do him a favour.  "Son" he says, "Bring me a Protestant Vicar".  "But why father, why would you want a Protestant Vicar?" Asks the son.  The old man insists and the Vicar is duly brought. The old man is close to death by the time he arrives. Then he says   "Hello, I'd like to convert. I've been a Catholic all my life but I'd like to become a Protestant before I die"  His son is now quite worried -   "But father, you've been a Catholic for 93 years, you can't convert now as you die"  The man insists its what he wants to do, and again the son questions him:   "Why dad, why? Why would you turn back on your faith and become a Protestant as you lie here dying, soon to meet the Lord?"  The old man looks up, his eyes flickering, and speaks:  "Look here son, better one of those bastards die than one of us"
Jesus at the last supper Jesus speaks to his apostles during the last supper and says, "One of you will betray me."  John turns to Jesus with fear in his eyes and asks, "Will it be me? Will I betray you lord?" Jesus smiles kindly at John and says, "No my brother, you will not betray me".  Peter next approaches Jesus and asks shakily, "Will I be the one to betray you?" Jesus shakes his head and smiles slightly and says, "No dear friend, it will not be you."  Judus asks quietly, "Is it me Jesus?" and in a high and mocking voice Jesus replies "*Is it me Jesus!?"*
What’s the difference between a Jew and a bullet? One leaves the chambers. 
I met a muslim woman wearing a niqab today and she asked me why I was staring at her. Me: To me, the niqab is a sign of submission, a total lack of respect towards women and is simply intolerable.   Women: You know what sir, you are right.  And as she was saying this, she took off her niqab, revealing her face.  Me: Nevermind, I think you should put it back on actually.
My grandfather helped Jewish families to escape from Auschwitz via the sewers. He was always cleaning the ovens with water.
A Sunday School teacher asked her kids, "Where was Jesus born?" The kids answered, "In Bethlehem!"     "That's right," the teacher replied, happily. "Was He born in a hospital?"  &amp;#x200B;  "Yes," says Little Johnny. "He was born in Saint Mary's." 
My drug of choice is the love I get from embracing Jesus. Just kidding. It's pot.  
Jesus Spoke to his Followers Jesus spoke to his followers from atop a podium.  "Come forth, and win eternal life!"  &amp;#x200B;  John came 5th and won a toaster.
A Jew runs over to the hospital He has heard that his friend Raymond is in there, but doesn't know why. As soon as he finds his room in the hopsital, he goes to the doctor and asks,  Israel?
Jesus said, “Come forth and receive eternal life.” But Moses came fifth and won a toaster
At the gates of the Vatican, there stood a jew demanding to meet with the pope. The cardinals on gate duty knew him to be the head of an ancient Jewish family, that had tried to meet with The Pope for generations.  As they were shooing him away, The Pope walked by and heard the commotion.  "what is going on?" he asked.  "Your Grace, it is simply a jew who wishes to meet with you. For generations his family has tried, and we have always turned them away" the cardinal explained.  "Nonsense! The house of God is open for all. Bring him to me" The Pope instructed.  Once inside, The Pope greeted the man, and thus their conversation began.  "I hear your family has been trying to meet with me for generations" the pope said  "yes, for countless generations my family has been trying to reach the anointed representative of God" the jew said.  "and now we're here. Tell me, what do you need from me?" the pope asked, as he leaned forward on his chair.  "well your grace, surely you remember the last supper?" the jew asked.  "of course! It is one of our most sacred traditions" The Pope exclaimed  "well your grace, here is the bill."
A Jewish woman turns to her husband and asks, # "Joseph, what is my love worth to you?"  # Joseph thinks for a while and replies," Am I buying or selling?"
What's the difference between a jew and a pizza? One doesn't scream in the oven
Why did the catholic priest get the alter boys to sit in the snow? So he could have a couple cold ones to slurp back after a hard days work. 
There's No Way Jesus Was Male... There's No Way Jesus Was Male... He came twice
NSFW What happened when Jesus went to Mount Olive? Popeye kicked the shit out of him
What do you call a Jewish pokemon trainer? Ash
Why don't all religions that believe in Jesus unify? There would be mass confusion
Have you heard about the new pope? He's making a lot of changes atound the Vatican and sone of the cardinals are very worried.  One day the pope calls in a plumber to raise all of the urnials in the vatican by about a foot.  The plumvwr asks, "Your holiness, why are you making all these renovations?"   The pope responds with "i want to keep people on theor toes."
How does the Pope keep track of his online spending? He checks his Papal account.
A balding, white haired man walked into a jewelry store A balding, white haired man walked into a jewelry store this past Friday evening with a beautiful much younger gal at his side.   He told the jeweler he was looking for a special ring for his girlfriend. The jeweler looked through his stock and brought out a $5,000 ring.   The man said, 'No, I'd like to see something more special.'   At that statement, the jeweler went to his special stock and brought another ring over. 'Here's a stunning ring at only $40,000 the jeweler said.  The lady's eyes sparkled and her whole body trembled with excitement.  The old man seeing this said, 'We'll take it.'  The jeweler asked how payment would be made and the man stated,  'By check. I know you need to make sure my check is good, so I'll write it now and you can call the bank Monday to verify the funds; I'll pick the ring up Monday afternoon.'   On Monday morning, the jeweler angrily phoned the old man and said 'Sir...There's no money in that account.   ''I know,' said the old man...'But let me tell you about my weekend.’
An elderly Jew goes outside at night to take a piss ... but he just can't make it. He then says angrily:  \- So you got me up at midnight, and now you're torturing me with this?  His wife yells through the window:  \- Isaac, who you're talking to?  \- Go to bed, Sarah, you don't remember him anyway.
Not every Muslim is a terrorist... Only 9 / 11 are.
The pope is travelling through Canada... ...watching the wonderful landscape flying by as his chauffeur drives him across the seemingly endless roads through the wilderness.  Eventually though, he grows bored and asks his chauffeur if he can drive for a bit.  "Listen", the pope says, "I'll drive for an hour, nobody will see. You can take a nap in the back, enjoy yourself, and nobody will ever know."   After a bit of pondering, the chauffeur accepts, gives the pope a quick rundown how to operate the car and gets some shut-eye on the backseat.  The pope, meanwhile, puts the pedal to the metal. The car has the muscle to go over 70mph easily and as luck wills it, he gets stopped by a police officer, probably the only one around for miles.   The officer approaches the car and looks at the pope. He shakes his head, looks again, then tells the pope to kindly wait as he calls his superior.   "Chief, there's... uhm... A bit of a tough situation..."  "Oh, come on, you're on traffic duty, how hard can it be?"  "I just stopped a very, VERY famous and important person, so I don't know if I can give him a ticket for speeding."  "For god's sake, even if it's the Prime Minister himself, he has to obey the law. Who is the person you're talking about, anyway?"  "Frankly, I've got no idea, but he's got the pope as his chauffeur."
What does a Jewish man use to put his train on? Israel
What is Jesus' favorite exercise routine? Crossfit.
How do you neutralize an acidic Jew? With a basic white girl
Ripley and a squad of Colonial Marines take on a hive of jewish xenomorphs While fighting, a soldier throws a grenade at an xenomorph, which promptly explodes.  The xenomorph's blood covers the entire soldier, and the soldier screams while himself, Ripley, and his fellow marines stare in horror, anticipating the solider melting into a puddle.  Nothing happens, and the marine's squamates resume firing on the other xenomorphs  The drenched soldier turns to Ripley and asks her, "Isn't the bug's blood acidic? How am I still alive?"  Ripley thinks for a moment, and then responds, "Well, these xenomorphs are Jewish, so their blood is Hasidic" 
A Jewish kid runs up to his dad with a hand full of money, ‘Look dad! I saved $3.50 by running behind the bus home from school!’  The Jewish father slaps the boy around the back of the head and says,  ‘Stupid boy! You should have saved more money and ran behind a taxi!’
What’s the difference between a baptist and a terrorist? You can negotiate with a terrorist.
What's Black Panther's favorite jewish food? T'challa bread!
Two friends, a Muslim and a Chinese man, opened a restaurant... They called the place Ayatollah Lo-Meini.
What happened to the Amish boy who got in trouble for streaking at school? He got suspendered!
Two out of eleven jokes about religion are discriminatory towards Jews... ...the other 9/11, towards Muslims.
On his death bed, an old jew says to his wife: Oh, Sarah, when the shop burned down you were right beside me, no? - Sure I was, Moshe.  When the Nazis drove us out of our beloved Deutschland you were beside me again, no? - I was, Moshe.  And now you're at my death bed, aren't you? - I am, darling.  I'm starting to think you're bad luck, Sarah.
A Jew and his son enter a taxi in New York “How much to Washington?” asks the Jew.   “For that distance, it’ll be about $500,” replies the driver.   “Could you drive me for free?” asks the Jew.   The driver ponders this.   “Fine, but you can’t say a word while I’m driving.”  So they leave New York and go towards Washington. The whole time the taxi driver is running red lights and stop signs and going 120mph into the curves on the highway. Finally, they arrive at their destination.   “I’m truly surprised you made it without saying a word,” says the driver to the Jew. “but tell me... what part of the ride was the hardest?”  “Well, when my son fell out while you were turning.”   (Serbian joke adapted into English so might be a bit weird)
A jewish father was on his death bed with his family around him... He whispered  "son, come close" And his son leaned forward so he's inches away from his father. The father grabs a watch from his night stand, a very fancy one, and whispers  "son, this watch has been worn by multiple generations, your great grandfather, your grandfather, and me." The son with tears on his face says "Yes father, what about it" And his father, with his last breaths says: "We'll, son... Wanna buy it?"
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture of Jesus. 
Why did Jesus only play his favorite game on PC? Because it wasn’t cross-platform
The Jews are the first to know computing.... because Moses went into the Cloud and received info in Tablets.
The Pope is in Chicago... ...and he's waiting for his chauffeured car outside the hotel. As he's waiting, he's thinking to himself "Man, when's the last time I drove? I bet it's been thirty, maybe *fourty* years." So when the driver pulls up, the pope politely asks him if he can drive. The driver, a bit unsure, thinks and says, "Well, you're the pope" and gets in the back.   The pope shifts into drive and slowly makes his way onto Lake Shore Drive. Things go wrong from the start: he nearly sideswipes a delivery van, swerves crazily in front of a bus, and scrapes the side of the car against a light pole. A cop sees all of this, throws on his rollers and pulls up behind the pope's car. The pope, the good man that he is, pulls over on the shoulder right away. The cop gets off his motorcycle, struts up to the car and raps on the driver's side window. The pope obliges, rolls it down, and the cop gets a good look at who's driving.   "One moment, sir" the officer says before walking back to his bike.  He picks up his radio: "Chief, hey, I've got a big problem here. I pulled over someone. Someone *big*, and I don't know how to handle it."  "Who'd you pull over, the captain?" the chief asks.  "Nah, bigger than that."  "Well, is it an alderman?" the chief asks.  "I'm thinking he's more important."  "Who in the hell did you pull over, the fuckin' mayor?!" the chief nearly screams.  "I don't know who he is, but the pope's driving him!"   
Why was the Amish woman shunned from her community? She was fucking 20 Mennonite 
On the night of his betrayal, how did Jesus defend himself? Jew-Jitsu
A Chinese man and a Jewish man were walking along one day A Chinese man and his Jewish friend were walking along one day when the Jewish man whirled and slugged the Chinese man and knocked him down.  "What was that for?" the Chinese man asked.  "That was for Pearl Harbor!" the Jewish man said.  "Pearl Harbor? That was the Japanese. I'm Chinese."  "Chinese, Japanese, you are all the same!"  "Oh!"  They continued walking and after a while the Chinese man whirled and knocked the Jewish man to the ground.  "What was that for?" the Jewish man asked.  "That was for the Titanic!"  "The Titanic? That was an iceberg."  "Iceberg, Goldberg, you are all the same."
Yesterday, a homeless person was sitting down next to a cup full of spare change and a sign that read “Do what Jesus would’ve done” So I took the cup of change and turned it into a cup of wine.
What does a Catholic priest do with a little schoolboy? He goes fishing.
What are Muslims fondest memory's Getting stoned
Whats the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus It only takes one nail to hang the picture up
The Ayatollah, the Chief Rabbi, and the Pope are on a plane. The ayatollah opens up his shirt, reveals his bomb vest, "I'm gonna kill everyone in 10 seconds!"  The rabbi looks at the pope and motions that they need to get out of here  The pope shakes his head in desperation, then starts to plead with the ayatollah, "don't do this! Think about the children!"  The ayatollah says "fuck the children!"  The rabbi says "out of what?"  The pope says "I don't think we have time!"
Do Catholics fail trigonometry... cause they are afraid of sin?
A jewish girl asked for my number I told that where I live we use names
Why did the jew gastroenterologist refuse to examine Hitler? He hated his guts 
What does a Catholic priest do instead of helping out poor children? Prey for them.
so I got my muslim girlfriend stoned I shouldn't have told her parents that we had sex outside marriage
The reason Jesus hasn’t returned yet Is because his people are actually worshipping the instrument of his death.
A catholic girl goes to the confessional to tell her sins to the priest. Girl: Father, I came here today because I have sinned.   Priest: Go on, tell me.  Girl: While my mother went to the market yesterday...  Priest: Go on.  Girl: A boy saw me walking on the street...  Priest: Go on.  Girl: I brought him back to our house...  Priest: Go on.  Girl: I laid on the bed with him...  Priest: Go on.  Girl: He took off my panties...  Priest: Go on  Girl: And then my mom came back home and saw us.  Priest: For fuck's sake!! Why couldn't your mother wait a little longer!
Why does Atheist Jesus have low self esteem? He doesn't believe in himself.
Most of the Catholic Clergy and Priests won't be receiving their deserved punishment... Rather, some of the lucky ones have escaped punishment through death by natural causes and the others, well...they got off easy.
What is the objective of a Jewish football game? To get the quarter back. 
What do you call a Jewish clown? Pennywise.
Jesus is the reason for the seasons In other words he skewed the Earth
Are you a jew? No just jew-ish.
Jesus is watching. Late one night, a burglar broke into a house he thought was empty.  He tiptoed through the living room but suddenly he froze in his tracks when he heard a loud voice say: "Jesus is watching you!"  Silence returned to the house, so the burglar crept forward again.  "Jesus is watching you," the voice boomed again.  The burglar stopped dead again. He was frightened. Frantically, he looked all around. In a dark corner, he spotted a bird cage and in the cage was a parrot.  He asked the parrot: "Was that you who said Jesus is watching me?"  "Yes", said the parrot.  The burglar breathed a sigh of relief, and asked the parrot: "What's your name?"  "Clarence," said the bird.  "That's a dumb name for a parrot," sneered the burglar. "What idiot named you Clarence?"  The parrot said, "The same idiot who named the Rottweiller Jesus." 
An Orthodox Jew is trying to get some free medical advice from a doctor. He describes his 12 year old daughter's symptoms, she's gaining weight and vomiting in the morning.  The doctor says "I hate to have to ask this question, but it's your daughter sexually active?"  "Eh, mostly she just lies there."
A Christian, a Moslem, and a Jewish man all very pious, met at an interfaith congress and got to talking about the experiences that had lead to their religious devotion.   The Christian recounted being on a plane when it ran into a terrible storm over a remote wilderness area. "There was lightning and thunder all around us. The pilot told us to brace for the crash. I dropped to my knees and prayed to God to save us. Then for a thousand feet all around us the wind calmed and the rain stopped. We made it to the airport. And since then my faith has never wavered."   The Moslem then told of a terrifying incident on his pilgrimage to Mecca. "A tremendous sandstorm came up out of nowhere, and within minutes my camel and I were almost buried. Sure I was going to die, I prostrated myself toward Mecca and prayed to Allah to deliver me. And suddenly, for a thousand feet all around me, the swirling dust settled and I was able to make my way safely across the desert. Since then I have been the most devout of believers."   Nodding respectfully, the Jewish man then told his story. "One Sabbath I was walking back from the temple when I saw a huge sack of money just lying there at the edge of the road. It had clearly been abandoned, and I felt it was mine to take home. But obviously this would have been a violation of the Sabbath. So I dropped to my knees and prayed to Yahweh. And suddenly, for a thousand feet all around me, it was Tuesday."
A long time ago, the Pope decrees that all Jews in the Vatican must convert or leave... There was an outcry from the Jewish community, so the pope offered a deal: He would have a religious debate with the leader of the Jewish community. If the Jews won, they could stay in Italy. If the pope won, they would have to convert or leave.  The Jewish people picked an aged, wise rabbi to represent them in the debate. However, as the rabbi spoke no Italian, and the pope spoke no Yiddish, they agreed that it would be a 'silent' debate.  On the chosen day the pope and rabbi sat opposite each other.  The pope raised three fingers. The rabbi looked back and raised one finger.  Next, the pope waved his hands around in the air. The rabbi pointed to the ground where he sat.  The pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine. The rabbi pulled out an apple.  With that the pope stood and declared that he was beaten. The rabbi was too clever. The Jews could stay.  Later the cardinals met with the pope and asked him what had happened.  The pope said, "First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity. He responded by holding up one finger to remind me there is still only one God common to both our beliefs. Then, I waved my hands around to show him that God was all around us. He responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us. I pulled out the wine and water, to show that God absolves us of all our sins. He pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin. He had beaten me at every move and I could not continue.  He had an answer to everything.  How could I continue with my decree after that?"  Meanwhile, the Jewish community gathered to ask the rabbi how he had won.  "First," said the rabbi, "he said to me that we had three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him the finger. Then he tells me that the whole country would be cleared of Jews and I said to him that we were staying right here."  "And then what?" asked a woman.  "Who knows?" said the Rabbi. "He took out his lunch, so I took out mine."
What kind of chicken does Jesus like? Crucifried
A young muslim in saudi arabia is wondering if he is allowed to some marijuana. So, he visits his local mosque and asks his Imam if it's permissible, so the Imam told him: No. In our country, only gays get stoned.
Old man and a hot babe go to a jewelry store Friday at 4PM, the store is about to close and this old geezer comes in with a hot young girl. The owner figures the guy must be loaded so he greets them. The man is laying it on thick. How we wants a diamond that won't look cheap next to his beautiful woman. Several rings were "too dull compared to the sparkle in her eyes." The girl is eating it up. Finally the man says, "All this is too cheap, we'll go somewhere else!"   The owner says, "Wait... I might have something in the back." He returns with a ROCK. Very expensive. The girl is impressed. The man says he'll write a check. He notices the owner's eyes go wide and he says, "Don't worry. You'll have to resize it. You can do that Monday while the check clears and I'll pick it up in the afternoon."  They leave, and the girl is obviously very pleased.  Monday afternoon the man returns alone to the shop. The owner says, "You! The bank said you didn't have anywhere near enough to cover that check in your account. You think you are going to pick up that ring?"  The man smiles, "Oh no. I just came by to tell you what a great weekend I had!"
What should you do with a Jew that's diagnosed with ADD? Send them to concentration camp.  
Why was Jesus so bad at Call of Duty? Because whenever he died, it would take him 3 days to respawn.
My buddy ate some undercooked chicken and was later visited by an Amish couple.... Sam and Ella
How do you think Jesus felt about being crucified? I'll bet he was a little cross.
What do you call killing millions of Jews ? Jew-nocide!
If Jesus was a flower.... What kind would he be?   Answer: [self raising flour!](#s)  [(Obviously this joke is meant to be spoken aloud)](#s)
Jesus Christ walks into a bar and orders a water. The bartender sighs and says, "Not this shit again."
Ever heard of a cajew? It's like a canoe, but guaranteed to never tip.
My Muslim co-worker brought a CD copy of the Quran into work today…   He got really annoyed when I asked if I could burn a copy.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of him? You only need one nail to hang the picture
An American, a European and an Italian go to Vatican City to have dinner with the Pope. All of them were at their obseqious best. The dinner time came and they all sat around the dining table.    Midways, the European turned to the Pope and requested: "Pope Divine, pass me the wine.”    Not to be outsmarted, the American turned a few moments later and graciously said:  "Pope Supreme, pass me the cream.”   It was now the Italian's turn. After much pondering, he looked up jubilantly at the Pope and said: "Pope, you bastardo, pass me the custard yo.”
Jesus, moses and a an old man go play a round of golf. On the first tee Jesus tees of first. He slices the ball badly into the water. He then walks to edge of the pond and "parts the seas", he walks out into the dry pond and smacks his ball up onto the green.   Moses goes next, he too slices his ball into the water. He goes out and walks on water to find his ball and hits it out of the lake up onto the green.  The old man goes next. He slices the ball towards the water like both Jesus and Moses. Expect right before his ball hits the water a bass jumps out and swallows the ball, an eagle swoops down out of no where and grabs the bass. The eagle carries the bass over the green where they are both struck by lightning and the bass drops the ball that then rolls into the hole.  Jesus and Moses look at each other for a second before Jesus turns to the old man and says, "Dad! If you don't stop cheating we're not going to play with you anymore!"
So the Pope is SUPER early for his flight. He asks his driver on his way to the airport if he could drive around for a while because they have time to kill and he hasn't driven a car since becoming the pope.  Naturally, he's a bit rusty, so he's driving poorly, when suddenly he sees police lights behind him. He pulls over and when the officer comes up to the window his eyes go wide. He says to the pope "Hold on for a minute," and goes back to his car to radio the chief.  Cop: "Chief we have a situation. I've pulled over an important figure."  Chief: "How important? A governor or something?"  Cop: "No sir. He's bigger."  Chief: "So, what? a celebrity or something?"  Cop: "More important, sir."  Chief: "A major politician?"  Cop: "No sir, he's much more important."  Chief: "WELL WHO IS IT!?"  Cop: "Well actually I'm not sure. But the Pope's his driver."
How does Popeye like his martini prepared? One Olive on the rocks.
Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all the Jews had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy... There was a huge outcry from the Jewish community, so the Pope offered a deal. He'd have a religious debate with the leader of the Jewish community...  If the Jews won, they could stay in Italy; if the Pope won, they'd have to convert or leave.  The Jewish people met and picked an aged and wise Rabbi to represent them in the debate.  However, as the Rabbi spoke no Italian, and the Pope spoke no Hebrew, they agreed that it would be a 'silent' debate.  On the chosen day, the Pope and the Rabbi sat opposite each other  The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers.  The Rabbi looked back and raised one finger.  Next, the Pope waved his finger around his head. The Rabbi pointed to the ground where he sat.  The Pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine.  The Rabbi pulled out an apple.  With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that the Rabbi was too clever. The Jews could stay in Italy!  Later the cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened. The Pope said, 'First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity. He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there is still only one God common to both our beliefs.' 'Then, I waved my finger around my head to show him that God was all around us. He responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us.' 'Finally, I pulled out the wine and wafer to show that God absolves us of all our sins. He pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin.' 'He bested me at every move and I could not continue!'  Meanwhile, the Jewish community gathered to ask the Rabbi how he had won. 'I don't have a clue!!!' the Rabbi said. 'First, he told me that we had three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him the finger.' Then he tells me that the whole country would be cleared of Jews, so I told him that we were staying right here. 'And then what?' asked a woman. 'Who knows...' said the Rabbi. 'He took out his lunch, so I took out mine!'
A persian Jewish family is having dinner... The waiter walks over and asks, "Is anything okay?"
What makes Jesus the best chef? He breaks every yolk.
Jesus and Peter are getting a little bored [NSFW] Jesus and Peter are getting a little bored up in heaven, so they decide to head on down to earth for a little fun.  The get dressed in their gladrags (Peter points out to Jesus his boots aren't so stylish these days) and head off to a club.  So they don't cramp each other's style, the separate, and arrange to meet at a wee spot they know.  Next morning they rendezvous, and Jesus asks Peter how things went - "Awesome man - I was putting some moves on the dance floor, met this girl, had a few drinks, walked her home, she invites me in for "coffee" - we end up in bed, absolute heaven - I /was/ "The Rock".  How was it for you?"  "Bloody Awful" said Jesus.  "Same as you, on the floor, making the moves, met a lass, walked her home - and then the old problem"  "Old problem?"  "Aye we were in bed, I tried a little foreplay, put my hand on it - bloody thing healed up"
A black man found a Jewish genie that only offered two wishes. A black man found a Jewish genie that only offered two wishes.   He wished to be white uptight and out of sight.   Second he wished to be surrounded by pussy. So he was turned into a tampon.   The morel of the story is you can’t get anything from a Jew without strings attached.
Whats the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You can hang the picture with only one nail.
Jesus Jesus walks into a bar, and puts 3 nails on the table.   He asks, "Can you put me up for the night?"
What's a Jew's biggest dilemma? Free ham
Winnie the Jew, Winnie the Jew He likes honey 'cause he thinks it's gold.
I love the breading on popeye's chicken... Its all I get when I go there
How do you blow up a Muslim’s phone? You turn on airplane mode.
Jesus was able to hold the 12 apostles together... He acted as a crossmemeber.
What does a hipster Jew do in his free time? He brews.
Jesus Christ walks into a bar. He says to the bartender "I'll just have a glass of water."  The bartender replies "Jesus, I am not falling for this again!"
Whats the difference between the Pope and a zit? A zit will wait 'till you're 12 until it comes.
If Jesus Christ died for our sins... then who died for our cos and tans?
Jewish kid: Hey dad can I borrow $50? Dad: What $40, what would you possibly need $30 for?
Some Christians, Jews and Muslims decide to settle once and for all whose God is real They decide to each send someone to jump from a cliff while shouting their God's name to prove it and if the jumper survives then their God is indeed real    Muslims decide to go first then the Jews followed finally by Christians.   The lone Muslim man selected by his people stands on the edge of the cliff nervous, says a little prayer and jumps as his fellow Muslims watch on.   Alone he weakly goes: "Allaaaaaaaaaaah"  All of a sudden a wind sweeps him up and he lands safely. The Muslims are ecstatic.  Immediately a robotic alien voice is heard booming from the sky.  "Team Allah: Score 1. Next turn belongs to the Jewish God's followers."   After the amazement &amp; confusion subsides a dozen more Jewish followers join their friend on the cliff, say a prayer and jump while the rest of the Jewish congregation anxiously watch on  Together they go: "YAHWEEEEEEEEEEEEEH"  Again a wind sweeps all 13 Jews to safety while their congregation cheers with relief.  The voice comes back on  "Team Yahweh: Score 13. Team Allah eliminated". Immediately a lightning strikes all the Muslims and they disappear.  After a brief silence the overhead voice booms: "Next turn belongs to followers of Christ. If they beat score 13 they win"   The Christians who are shocked by what they just saw collect themselves for the challenge and one by one everyone gathers at the edge of the cliff.   Without any hesitation everyone jumps together with a shout that shakes the heaven:   "**JESU-UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-US**"  At once all of them fall flat to the ground one on top of the other.   After a moment of silence the overhead voice booms "It's pronounced Yeshua. Team Yeshua disqualified." 
Where did the annoying prophet go on vacation? Budapest! 
St Peter invites Jesus to play a round of golf... ...they meet at the club get to the first tee. St Peter sets down his ball and swings. Its a good shot, and he lands the ball *juuust* short of the green.  "Your turn." He says to Jesus.   Jesus carefully sets down his ball. He takes a good long look down the fairway, gets into position, wiggles his hips, and swings. The ball flies straight up into the air, hits a plane, comes straight back down, bounces off the tee, across to the lake, off a frog's head, off a lily pad, and back onto the fairway. The ball rolls at lightning speed up towards the green, across the green, and then immediately stops 1 inch from the hole. Then a gust of wind blows it into the hole.  St Peter turns to Jesus and says, "Look are you gonna play golf or are you just gonna fuck around?"
A Catholic, a Jew and a Buddhist walks into a bar... The Buddhist asked for lemonade water. The bartender saw the 3 and yelled wow! What a pack! Tell me, how did you three got together?  The Catholic said: Well the Jew is going to hell and I want to see that happening first hand.  The Jew said: When I go to heaven and meet Jesus, I'm gonna tell all the horse manure this guy told me and we are going to have a good laugh. The first being he follows a Jew by never becoming one.   The bartender was amused and turned to the Buddhist: why are you with them then? You don't seem like a contentious guy?   The Buddhist smiled awkwardly and said: Both asked me for spiritual guidance at the low-point of their lives, and after hearing the kind of shit they told me, I'm too scared to leave them alone! 
Three men died in a car accident and met Jesus himself at the Pearly Gates. The Lord spoke unto them saying, "I will ask you each a simple question. If you tell the truth I will allow you into heaven, but if you lie....Hell is waiting for you.   To the first man the Lord asked, "How many times did you cheat on your wife?" The first man replied, "Lord, I was a good husband. I never cheated on my wife." The Lord replied, "Very good! Not only will I allow you in, but for being faithful to your wife I will give you a huge mansion and a limo for your transportation.   To the second man the Lord asked, "How many times did you cheat on your wife?" The second man replied, "Lord, I cheated on my wife twice." The Lord replied, "I will allow you to come in, but for your unfaithfulness, you will get a four- bedroom house and a BMW.   To the third man the Lord asked, "So, how many times did you cheat on your wife?" The third man replied, "Lord, I cheated on my wife about 8 times." The Lord replied, "I will allow you to come in, but for your unfaithfulness, you will get a one-room apartment, and a Yugo for your transportation.   A couple hours later the second and third men saw the first man crying his eyes out. "Why are you crying?" the two men asked. "You got the mansion and limo!" The first man replied, "I'm crying because I saw my wife a little while ago, and she was riding a skateboard!"  
What did Jesus say to the Poles before he went up to Heaven? "Play dumb until I get back." [Favorite joke of my Polish friend Ania.]
Wats da difference between a jew an a canoe? A canoe tips
How many Jews does it take to run a company? Ask Activision
What do you call a Jewish man who is not very basic? Hacidic
Jesus can walk on water but Chuck Norris can swim on land.
What's the difference between Jesus and the subscribers at /r/braincels? Jesus eventually got nailed! 
One Pope, in the Dark Ages, decreed that all Jews had to leave Rome... ...The Jews did not want to leave, and so the Pope challenged them to a disputation to prove that they could remain. No one, however wanted the responsibility… until the synagogue janitor, Moishe, volunteered.  As there was nobody else who wanted to go, Moishe was given the task. But because he knew only Hebrew, a silent debate was agreed. The day of the debate came, and they went to St. Peter’s Square to sort out the decision. First the Pope waved his hand around his head. Moishe pointed firmly at the ground.  The Pope, in some surprise, held up three fingers. In response, Moishe gave him the middle finger.   The crowd started to complain, but the Pope thoughtfully waved them to be quiet. He took out a bottle of wine and a wafer, holding them up. Moishe took out an apple, and held it up.  The Pope, to the people’s surprise, said, “I concede. This man is too good. The Jews can stay.”   Later, the Pope was asked what the debate had meant. He explained, “First, I showed him the Heavens, to show that God is everywhere. He pointed at the ground to signify that God is right here with us. I showed him three fingers, for the Trinity. He reminded me that there is One God common to both our religions. I showed him wine and a wafer, for God’s forgiveness. With an apple, he showed me original sin. The man was a master of silent debate.”  In the Jewish corner, Moishe had the same question put to him, and answered, “It was all nonsense, really. First, he told me that this whole town would be free of Jews. I told him, Go to Hell! We’re staying right here! Then, he told me we had three days to get out. I told him just what I thought of that proposal.” An older woman asked, “But what about the part at the end?” “That?” said Moishe with a shrug, “Well, I saw him take out his lunch, so I took out mine.”
I'm really glad Jesus isn't a woman. If he was it's bring a whole new meaning to drinking the blood of Christ.
What do you get when you cross a two criminals and a Jew? Salvation
How did the Jewish man make grain into beer? Hebrew
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus It only takes 1 nail to hang up the picture
Jesus is a regular at my yoga class Pilates screwed him up real bad but he keeps coming back
Why didn't Jesus ever get his nails painted? He had a hard time getting them out from the cross.
When Jesus loves the little children, it ok When the Pope does it, it's not
A fifteen year old Amish boy and his father were in a mall They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again.  The boy asked, 'What is this, Father?' The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, 'Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is.'  While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a fat old lady in a wheel chair moved up to the moving walls and pressed a button.  The walls opened, and the lady rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the boy and his father watched the small numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until it reached the last number. and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order.  Finally the walls opened up again and a gorgeous 24-year-old blond stepped out. The father, not taking his eyes off the young woman, said quietly to his son.....  'Go get your Mother.'
Why can't Jesus play hockey? He keeps getting nailed to the boards...
Polish Pope’s First Attempt at Speaking Italian Back in 1978  : Karol Józef Wojtyla, born in Wadowice, Poland, was elected Pope. Not only was he the first Non-Italian pope elected in over 400 years,  he was the first Polish Eminence elected ever. That being said, the biggest concern about his election was the fact that he was not Italian and the members of the Catholic church in Rome were worried about John Paul the second proficiency in speaking Italian.  Of course, as pope he did speak Latin as all the prayers are said in Latin.  However the multitude of Italians who gathered in Saint Peter Square on a daily basis spoke Italian and not Latin. The main concern was would John Paul the second history’s first polish pope be able to clearly Speak with all Italians.  As it was his first official day as Pope, his first task was to address the multitudes in St Peter’s Square. His camerlengo was nearby to assist.  The pope began his address...  “Tante Salute a  tutti uomini”  I salute all men.  Turning to his camerlengo The pope ask how was that?  Camerlengo: that was great your holiness. But today with women’s Lib , we must also recognize women.  Pope: don’t worry. I got this.  Tante Salute a tutte Femine (I salute all women)  Camerlengo  Wonderful my holy father. That was excellent. Just one more thing. In today’s society we also recognize the gay population.  Pope :  Oh No sweat.   Tante Salute a Tutti-Frutti.
No need to insult the Jewish Hitler already roasted them
A Jew and a Czech go camping While on the trip they are attacked by two bears, one male and one female. The Jew is able to escape; however, the Czech gets eaten by the male bear. Being a good Samaritan the Jew alerts the park ranger that there are two bears on the loose, one of which has eaten his friend. The park ranger then proceeds to kill both of the bears. The Jew asks the park ranger if he can cut the male bear open, so he can retrieve his friend’s remains for a proper burial. The park ranger agrees and goes on to cut open the female bear; the Jew is confused and ask the park ranger why is he cutting the female open when he clearly said his friend is in the male bear. To which, the park ranger responds, “I never trust a Jew that tells me the check’s in the mail!”  (Credit to r/MeanJokes)
What does a Jew call his friends? His shalomies!
My friend said, "Congratulations on your new job! How did you get it?" I replied, "The same way the Virgin Mary got Jesus." He laughed, "What? A miracle?!"  I whispered, "No. Sex that I can't tell anyone about."
What do catholic priests and Led Zeppelin's Stairway to Heaven have in common? They both play in A Minor.
Jesus is always depicted as having a beard, but I know that’s not accurate. Want to know why? Because Jesus Shaves!
What did Jesus do when he found his floors were dirty? Jesus swept
Jesus said, “Come forth to receive eternal life.” But I came fifth and won a toaster instead.
Every time a new Pope is elected... ...there are a lot of rituals in accordance with tradition. Well, there is one tradition that very few people know about. Shortly after the new Pope is enthroned, the Chief Rabbi seeks an audience. He is shown into the Pope's presence, whereupon he presents the Pope with a silver tray bearing a velvet cushion. On top of the cushion is an ancient, shriveled parchment envelope. The Pope symbolically stretches out his arm in a gesture of rejection. The Chief Rabbi then retires, taking the envelope with him and does not return until the next Pope is elected.   Pope Francis was intrigued by this ritual, that's origins were unknown to him. He instructed the best scholars of the Vatican to research it, but they came up with nothing. When the time came and the Chief Rabbi was shown into his presence, he faithfully enacted the ritual rejection but, as the Chief Rabbi turned to leave, he called him back.   "My brother," the Pope whispered, "I must confess that we Catholics are ignorant of the meaning of this ritual enacted for centuries between us and you, the representative of the Jewish people. I have to ask you, what is it all about?"   The Chief Rabbi shrugs and replies: "But we have no more idea than you do. The origin of the ceremony is lost in the traditions of ancient history."   The Pope said: "Let us retire to my private chambers and enjoy a glass of wine together, then with your agreement, we shall open the envelope and discover the secret at last."   The Chief Rabbi agreed. Fortified in their resolve by the wine, they gingerly pried open the curling parchment envelope and with trembling fingers, the Chief Rabbi reached inside and extracted a folded sheet of similarly ancient paper. As the Pope peered over his shoulder, he slowly opened it. They both gasped with shock - It was the check for the Last Supper.
I've met Jesus! His English needs work, but his Spanish is flawless.
A Protestant is stoped at a stoplight when a Catholic rear ends him. So the Protestant, as anyone would do, calls the police. When the police car arrives, out comes a big Irish police officer. The officer looks at the two cars, walks over to the Catholic, and says, “So how fast was he going when he backed into you?”
Why did the Jew marry the fat girl? She was worth her weight in gold.
Jesus paid for our sins, not with cash, nor did he barter... He used Praypal
Pope Fingybob is working on a crossword puzzle he stops for a moment or two, scratches his forehead and turns to one of his cardinals. 'Can you think of a FOUR letter word for "woman"?' he asks,'which ends in U-N-T?' 'Aunt', replies the cardinal 'oh shit, thanks' says the pope. 'Just the old habits. Do you have an eraser?'   
TIL: It is technically considered a sin by the Catholic Church to pray while inside of a parked car with its engine running. Yeah, apparently idle worship is frowned upon.
Why do Jews get circumcised? Because Jewish women refuse to touch anything that isn't at least 10% off
What is the biggest miracle of Jesus Christ? Being white in Middle East. 
Jesus is wandering around Heaven, surveying all the saved souls... ...when he spots an old man in the corner, crying.  Jesus approaches the man: "Hey you!  This is Heaven!  You can't be sad here!  This is the ultimate prize!  People go to church every day of their lives to end up here!  Stop crying, you should be happy to have gotten in!"  The old man composes himself, wipes the tears from his eyes and says to Jesus, "I'm sorry".  Jesus thinks that maybe he's been a bit too harsh and asks the man "Why are you so sad?"  The man explains, "Many years ago, before I got here, I was a poor carpenter, we didn't have much.  My son wasn't even born in a proper hospital!  I had hoped my son would follow me into the carpentry trade but..."  Naturally, this strikes a chord with Jesus.  "Well what happened to your son?" he asks.  "Well, one day my son had to go on a big adventure!  He was gone, and I never saw him again.  The reason I'm crying is that I had hoped to reunite with him here!"  Now it is Jesus who is crying.  Tears streaming down his face, he can't quite believe who he's talking to.  He holds up his hands and ventures "And did your son have holes in his hands like these?"  The old man is overwhelmed with joy: "I don't believe it!  Is it really you?"  "My father!" cries Jesus.  "My Pinocchio!" cries the man.
What product do Jewish boys use most of their money on? Lotion
Why was Jesus nailed to the cross? So he doesn't fall off.
The Pope, the Packers &amp; the Vikings On a tour of Texas, the Pope took a couple of days off to visit the coast for some sightseeing. He was cruising along the beach in the pope-mobile when he heard a frantic commotion just off shore. A helpless man wearing a Green Bay Packer jersey was struggling frantically to free himself from the jaws of a 25-foot shark.   As the Pope watched, horrified, a speedboat came racing up with three men wearing Minnesota Viking jerseys. One quickly fired a harpoon into the shark's side. The other two reached out and pulled the bleeding, semi-conscious Packer Backer from the water, Then, using long clubs, the three beat the shark to death and hauled it into the boat.   Immediately the Pope shouted and summoned them to the beach. "I give you my blessing for your brave actions," he told them. "I heard that there was bitter hatred between Green Bay Packers &amp; Vikings fans, but now I have seen with my own eyes that this is not true." As the Pope drove off, the harpooner asked his buddies "Who the heck was that??"   "It was the most knowledgeable Pope," one replied. "He can summon God anytime and has access to all of God's wisdom."   "Well," the harpooner said, "he may be knowledgeable &amp; have access to God's wisdom, but he knows squat about shark fishing. Is the bait holding up okay, or do we need to get another one?" 
Why wouldn't Jesus Christ be a good basketball player? Because he'd get crossed up
What was the primary cause for the mass migration of Jews in Europe during WW2? The wind.
How do you fix ADHD in Jewish kids? Ritalin you Nazi fuck. 
What do mass shootings and Catholic high schools have in common? THOTs and prayers
Jesus on his second coming visits POTUS J: God be with you my son. I'm Jesus..  T: Ok.. So what are you doing on this side of the fence, amigo? 
"How did you get that job?" my friend asked me. "The same way Mary gave birth to Jesus." "A miracle?" He replied... "No, sex I shouldn't be talking about"
How can you tell Jesus is coming? He's jerking through the hole in his hand. 
The Burglar Who Was Being Watched By Jesus Late one night, a burglar broke into a house that he thought was empty. He tiptoed through the living room but suddenly he froze in his tracks when he heard a loud voice say; “Jesus is watching you.” Silence returned to the house, so the burglar crept forward again. “Jesus is watching you,” the voice boomed again. The burglar stopped dead in his tracks. He was frightened. Frantically, he looked all around the room. In a dark corner, he spotted a bird cage and in the cage was a parrot. He asked the parrot: “Was that you who said Jesus is watching me?” “Yes,” Said the parrot. The burglar breathed a sigh of relief, then asked the parrot: “What is your name?” “Clarence,” said the bird. “That is a dumb name for a parrot,” sneered the burglar. “What idiot named you Clarence?” The parrot said, “The same idiot who named the rottweiller Jesus.”
How to help a Jew with attention deficit? Sending him to a concentration camp.
Why wasn't Jesus born in the USA? Because God couldn't find three wise men and a virgin
What's the goal of a Jewish football game? To get the quarter back. 
Why should you always take two Baptists fishing? If you take just one Baptist, he'll drink all your beer; if you take two, they won't drink any.
What do you call a Jewish piano? A cash register
What's the difference between a Catholic Priest and a zit? A zit will wait until you're twelve before it comes on your face
Jesus orders a Jeezcake A Jeezcake is a Cheesecake especially made for Jesus but that's irrelevant. On his way to bring the order, the waiter accidentally spills some water on the Jeezcake but tells nothing to Jesus. Jesus takes a few bites and returns the Jeezcake.  Waiter: Sir, what exactly did you not like about the Jeezcake?  Jesus: It tastes like floor.
I'm thinking about becoming a Catholic.. Only because I haven't been touched sexually in years and I'm desperate. 
Why do stoners love the Pope? He sell a bit.
Did you hear about the Catholic priest who runs marathons? He doesn't finish first, he's always coming in a little behind.
My girlfriend left me for Jesus because of my penis size Turns out 5 inches doesn't compare to a 2x4
If Jesus Christ was a rapper what would he be called? Holy C
If you take a Baptist fishing, he'll drink all your beer Take two Baptists fishing and you'll have all the beer to yourself
Floppy disks are like Jesus They died to become the icon of saving
What is the Catholic Church’s position on homosexuality? Only if it’s under 12
Joseph decides it's time to tell Jesus the truth.... Since Jesus is a teenager, Joseph thinks he can handle it. He tells Jesus that he's not really his father, in a technical sense.   Jesus is incredulous. He can't believe it. He asks who his father really is.   Joseph explains to Jesus that he's the son of god. Jesus can't even comprehend this. He can only manage to stammer out "No way"  Joseph looks at him and says "Yahweh..."
A German and a jew walk into a bar... The German farts. The jew starts crying and says "Not again".
How does a Jewish man make his coffee? Hebrews it.
What is The Pope's favorite workout program? Cross-fit
How come Jews have such big noses? Air is free.. lul
I think Jesus might have been gay. He never said anything about homosexuality, and he did say "Get behind me, Satan."
The three jewels of buddhism... Karma, dharma and a good parmigiana 
Why do Jews get Circumcised? Because Jewish women refuse to touch anything that isn't at least 10% off           
Why is Helium more Catholic than Hydrogen? Because it has more atomic MASS
What if Jesus was just gay and he said 'Ah, men'
A Muslim is about to commit suicide when a Catholic priest stops him "What are you doing?!" Exclaims the priest  "There is nothing on this Earth for me." The Muslim says "I will commit suicide to go to paradise and get 72 virgins!"  The priest shakes his head   "Foolish Muslim, suicide is not the way!" He says  "Follow me, Ill take you to the local primary school."
The Pope gets very sick... ...nobody can figure out what's ailing him.  Finally one of the Vatican doctors tells the pope, "It appears that your body is not functioning because of your abstinence.  If you have sex with a woman you will be cured."  The pope thinks and prays for a few days and goes back to the doctor and says, "I have prayed and God has told me that living longer to do his work will atone for the sin of having sex with a woman.  I will do so, but there are three conditions."  The doctor says, "Of course, your holiness.  What are the conditions?"  The pope replies, "First, the woman must be blind.  She can never know who it is that she is having sex with.  If it were to be made public, the church would be ruined."  The doctor says, "Yes, Father.  I understand.  What is the second condition?"  The pope says, "The woman must be mute.  If, somehow she does determine that it is me, she must never be able to speak of it.  If it were made public, the church would be ruined!"  The doctor says, "Yes, Father.  And what is the third condition?"  "Big tits"
On his deathbed, Pope Urban II called his cardinals, bishops abs priests to his side. In a mystical vision, he the one verse most efficacious towards converting the Moors to the Gospel. wolololo
What does pokemon and jewish people have in common? They both hate crammed spaces.
What did Jesus do for easter? Nothing much...he just hung around.
Why wasn't Jesus born in the U.S.A? They couldn't find three wise men and a Virgin.
During Ramadan, Sonic the Hedgehog is a Muslim Because he's gotta go fast. 
Hot Muslim co-worker She is the bomb!
How did Jesus feel after being crucified? Cross.
There are three couples trying to join a Baptist church One couple is young, one is middle aged, and one is older. And each couple has an interview with the pastor of the church. And he says to them "you're all eligible, but we have one criterion for joining. You have to abstain from sex for a month. If you can do that, then you may join."  So a month goes by and each couple has a follow-up interview. The elderly couple goes first. The pastor says "So? Did you abstain?" And the elderly husband says: "We did. We've been married long enough that we're able to find other ways to show affection for one another." So the pastor allows them to join.  The middle aged couple is interviewed and the pastor says: "Well? How'd it go?" And the middle aged husband says: "We were able to abstain. It was very difficult, and I had to sleep on the couch a couple nights, but we did it." The pastor says: "Good job, you may now join our church".  The young couple is interviewed finally and the pastor says: "Tell me, were you able to abstain?" And the young husband says: "Well Reverend, we tried. We held out for a couple weeks but one day she was bending over to grab a box of cereal off a low shelf and the urge came over me and we got undressed and did it right then and there." The pastor sadly replies: "I'm sorry son, you can't join our church." And the young husband, shamefaced, mutters: "Yeah, and they're not gonna let us back into Walmart for a while either."
How do a Muslim close the door ? Person A: I don't know Person B : Islams it
One Sunday morning a preacher told his congregation.. "Everyone who wants to go to heaven after they die, come down to the front now!"   The whole church came forward except for one guy. Thinking that maybe the man hadn't heard him, the preacher repeated the invitation.   Again the man just sat there.  "Sir," said the preacher, "don't you want to go to heaven when you die?  The man replied, "Oh, when I die! I thought you were getting a group ready to go right now."   Edit: replaced a word because someone is more critical than their non-existent girlfriend. 
Why do all the ladies love Jesus? (Stretches arms out wide) Because he was hung like this.
The Final Battle of Jesus and Satan It's not well known but the final battle between Jesus and Satan is actually a computer programming battle.  Armageddon arrives and the battle begins.  Jesus and Satan are both tasked with the most complicated programming task ever given.  This is the type of task even Linus Torvalds would declare impossible.  Jesus and Satan are put in a room with two computers, the doors are locked, and they are given 8 hours.  The hours go by and Jesus and Satan are both programming at a pace never witnessed in human history.  Satan is typing so fast the computer isn't keeping up and Jesus has already created two new programming languages complete with documentation just to make the rest of the task easier.  After 7 hours go by, there's a loud POP and the power goes.  The room goes completely dark and both computers go to black.  Satan is fuming, breathing fire, doing all sorts of angry devil-like stuff.  He's curing and screaming "I've lost all my work!  This is terrible!  Neither of us can possibly win now."  Then he looks over at Jesus and he's just sitting calmly in his chair, reclining a little bit, and has his eyes closed catching a rest.  Satan can't stand it, "What are you doing over there?  How can't this upset you!"  Just then the power comes back on, Jesus types for a few more seconds, submits his code, looks at Satan and says "It's over, I've won."  Now Satan is really furious "How is that possible! How can you have re-written everything that took even you hours to complete in a few seconds"  Jesus shakes his head, looks at Satan, and says, "Haven't you heard?  Jesus Saves!"
In 1272, Arabic Muslims invented the condom, using a goat's lower intestine.  In 1873, the British refined the idea by taking the intestine out of the goat first.
What did the Jewish wizard do? He went up in smoke.
Roman Jews Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all the Jews had to  convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a huge outcry from  the Jewish community, so the Pope offered a deal: he'd have a  religious debate with the leader of the Jewish community. If the Jews  won, they could stay in Italy; if the Pope won, they'd have to convert  or leave.   The Jewish people met and picked an aged and wise rabbi to represent  them in the debate. However, as the rabbi spoke no Italian, and the  Pope spoke no Yiddish, they agreed that it would be a 'silent' debate.   On the chosen day the Pope and rabbi sat opposite each other.  The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers. The rabbi looked back and raised one finger.  Next, the Pope waved his finger around his head.  The rabbi pointed to the ground where he sat.  The Pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine.  The rabbi pulled out an apple.  With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that  the rabbi was too clever. The Jews could stay in Italy.  Later the Cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened.  The Pope said, "First I held up three fingers to represent the  Trinity. He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there  is still only one God common to both our faiths.  Then, I waved my finger around my head to show him that God was all  around us. The rabbi responded by pointing to the ground to show that  God was also right here with us.  I pulled out the wine and host to show that through the perfect  sacrifice Jesus has atoned for our sins, but the rabbi pulled out an  apple to remind me of the original sin. He bested me at every move and  I could not continue."  Meanwhile, the Jewish community gathered to ask the rabbi how he'd won.  "I haven't a clue," said the rabbi. "First, he told me that we had  three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him the finger.  Then he tells me that the whole country would be cleared of Jews  but I told him emphatically that we were staying right here."  "And then what?" asked a woman.  "Who knows?" said the rabbi. "He took out his lunch, so I took out mine 
What is Jesus's favorite beer? Hebrew... 
What's better; Jesus, or a picture of Jesus? A picture of Jesus. It only takes 1 nail to hang up. 
What did the jewish guy say to the pimp? Penny for your thot?
What's the difference between a stoner and a Jew? The stoner doesn't scream when it's baked.
Jesus was ordering steak at a restaurant and the waiter asked how would He like the steak Jesus replied: "Well done, my good and faithful servant"
Jesus calls the restaurant to book the table for the Last Supper "Table for 26, please."  "26? I thought there were only 13 of you."  "Yes, that's right, but we're all going to sit on one side."
How do you deal with an Jewish child with ADHD? Send him to a cencentration camp
How do you get a Jewish girl's phone number? You roll up her sleeves. 
What do you call a Jew in a compressor? Jews
Why wasn't Jesus born in West Virginia? Because God couldn't find 3 wise men... or a virgin.  *sorry if this is not new, from WV and my fav.
What did the Muslim do when he went to the restaurant? He ordered Allah Carte.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?  One is real, one is imaginary
What does a midget pope and my oldest underwear have in common? They're both a little holy.
My grandma taught me to be like Jesus and spend every day helping the powerless. So I became an electrician.
Why did Jesus get on a cross? He didn't need the boat.
Jesus and I go way back, to like B.C.
How do you know Jesus Christ was Irish? He was an unemployed 33 year old carpenter who still lived with his parents
Why did the jews kill Jesus? Because he wasn't very prophetable. 
Where do Jesus, Buddha, and their friends go to lose weight? The deitician.
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? You only need one nail to hang the picture.
What is the only pepper muslims can eat? Jalalpeños
There was this really hot guy on the beach when I was in Mexico, so I brought him some Jewish bread. He gave me a weird look, subsequently turned me down...and I don't understand *why.*  *I just wanted to challah at a Playa.*    ^I'm ^sorry 
Why can't you keep a Jew in Jail? They eat the Lox off doors.
What kind of car did Jesus drive? He and his disciples were together in one Accord. 
Why did the Jew open the coffee shop? Hebrews
What kind of dog parties with the Amish? A rumspringa spaniel (it's okay, they won't even see how bad this joke was)
What kind of healthcare does Asian Jesus support? Single-prayer. 
What do you call a muslim in Israël? Sir
The Muslims first invented the condom The Muslims first invented the condom in the year 654 using a goat intestine. Christians expanded on this idea in 1364 by taking the intestine out of the goat first.   Thanks Reverse-Flash
The most amazing thing about Jesus is that He only ever had one orgasm. But ever since then people have been expecting his second cumming.
A Chinese man and a Jewish man were walking... A Chinese man and his Jewish friend were walking along one day when the Jewish man whirled and slugged the Chinese man and knocked him down.  "What was that for?" the Chinese man asked.  "That was for Pearl Harbor!" the Jewish man said.  "Pearl Harbor? That was the Japanese. I'm Chinese."  "Chinese, Japanese, you are all the same!"  "Oh!"  They continued walking and after a while the Chinese man whirled and knocked the Jewish man to the ground.  "What was that for?" the Jewish man asked.  "That was for the Titanic!"  "The Titanic? That was an iceberg."  "Greenberg, Goldberg, Iceberg, you are all the same."
The pope announced he will no longer wear the cross Apparently he thinks it's "too God-dy"
[NSFW] What do you call a retarded jew? ...Auschwistic
What's the difference between a pope and a christmas tree ? None, their balls are just for decoration.
What's the difference between a boy scout and a Jew? One goes home from camp.
If Jesus was still around, he should work as a bartender If Jesus was still around, he should work as a bartender. Everyone would love him. Dude turns water into alcohol. 
A Muslim man in New York One day a man in new York picked up a poster which stated an event was going to happen where 10 contestants are gonna make a dish and the 100th person who will buy the ticket will be the one who will taste all of them! This event was also going to be hosted by Gordan Ramsay  "Wow! I could be the 100th person" He then proceeds to buy the ticket and "happen" to be the 100th person  So at midnight the stage was set with the man sitting in his chair waiting for delicious food  Every dish was first inspected by Gordan himself, then  sent out to the lucky man  Each dish went by until the last dish, which a was a smoke pork belly with vegetables and honey dew sauce   The man got nervous closer the dish got for he remembered he was a Muslim, as soon as he was about to inform them gordan sees something strange, he picks the belly up and with all his might screams "ITS FUCKING RAAAAAAAAAAW"  The Muslim man right after grodan screamed "ITS ALSO HARAAAAAAAAAAM"   
What kind of hat does a Jewish rapper wear? A yo-maka.
A friend from China grew up in a Christian school asked me one day, "I learnt a lot from our assembly sessions. They told us a lot of stories about Jesus. But, I always wondered...why was he so emotional all the freaking times?" ...Jesus cries this...Jesus cries that...
[NSFW] Just been to my first Muslim birthday party. The musical chairs was a bit slow but  fuck me the pass the parcel was quick!!!
What do you call an unlucky Jew? Bad juju
Q: What did the Muslim girl say to her friend Jab? A: Hijab!
Jesus fed a 100 people bread Hitler made 6 million jews toast
Why do Jewish men get circumcised? Because Jewish women can't touch anything under 20% off
What does the Pope use his filing cabinet for? Storing his Papalwork.
Why are all Jewish men circumcised? Because Jewish women won't touch anything that's not 10% off
What do you call a Muslim dinosaur? Falafel Raptor
What type of car does the pope drive A Christler
Why don't Jews believe in the New Testament? Because they won't buy a book unless it's 50% off.
How many Jews can you fit in a car? I'm not sure, but you can get heaps in the ashtray
An old Jewish man is sitting in his quiet apartment, alone... ....watching his adequately sized television set (which was on sale about 10 years back, still running like a dream). He's comfortably relaxing in his armchair that's been passed down for two generations (why throw it out, it's a perfectly good chair!) in a dim-lit room, only luminous from the glow of the TV (no point in using MORE electricity than ya need). A commercial comes on for Colgate toothpaste, and a closeup shot of a toothbrush. They slather a big ole' sexy slab of toothpaste on the brush. The old man, knowing he's alone, looks around the room confused as he throws his arms in the air and yells "How many teeth do you HAAAAVVEEE?!"
Did you hear about the new Jewish car design? It stops on a dime, then picks it up.
What does a stoner and a Jew have in common? A steady job with a loving family at home.
Jesus and the 12 apostles walk into a restaurant and Jesus says to the waiter:  -- Table for 26 please.  -- But there's only 13 of you?  -- Yeah, but we wanna sit all on one side.
What's Jesus' favorite gun? A nail gun
"Why do Jewish men wear yamakas?" "Half a hat, saves money."  #OldWhiteManSays
The reason Muslims love Ramadan is because they can have a different date every night 
Jesus What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?    It only takes one nail to hang a picture of Jesus. 
Fist Bump for Jesus Don't leave me hanging!
Hitler liked Jews like he liked his orange juice ✡️ 100% Concentrated
When does a jew go missing? When the wind picks up.
Jesus goes to Mother Theresa on her deathbed... "Jesus! You finally came!" She says.  "For all your deeds, I have done you a favor." He said.  "What is the favor?" She asked.  "I have frozen hell over." He said.  "Bless you, now when I die, I can go skiing." She said.
What do Teenage Mutant Ninja Muslims practice? Radical Islam
The Pope, Hitler and Batman walk into a bar Bartender says, "Holy Seisse Batman."
Why are children in Catholic schools so good at math? They don't want to wind up like that guy nailed to the plus sign.
If baptists are baptized... does that mean protestants are protested?
[NSFW] An Irish man went to confession in St Patrick's Catholic Church. 'Father', he confessed, 'it has been one month since my last confession... I had sex with Fanny Green twice last month.' The priest told the sinner, 'You are forgiven. Go and say three Hail Mary's'.  Soon thereafter, another Irish man entered the confessional. 'Father, it has been two months since my last confession. I've had sex with Fanny Green twice a week for the past two months.' This time, the priest questioned, 'Who is this Fanny Green?' 'A new woman in the neighbourhood,' the sinner replied. 'Very well,' sighed the priest. Go and say ten Hail Mary's.  At mass the next morning, as the priest prepared to deliver the sermon, a tall voluptuous, drop-dead gorgeous red-headed woman entered the sanctuary. The eyes of every man in the church fell upon her as she walked up the aisle and sat down right in front of the priest. Her dress was green and very short, and she wore matching, shiny emerald-green shoes. The priest and the altar boy gasped as the woman in the green dress and matching green shoes sat with her legs spread slightly, just enough to realize she wasn't wearing any underwear.  The priest turned to the altar boy and whispered, 'Is that Fanny Green?' The altar boy couldn't believe his ears but managed to calmly reply:  "No Father, I think it's just the reflection from her shoes" 
When asked what sort of women he would consider sleeping with the pope replied Nun.
A joke about my Jewish Uncle Herschel My Uncle Hersch and Aunt Sophie were married for 60 years and were both in their 80's.  One night Hersch gets up to use the bathroom and forgets to put the seat down when he's done. An hour later Sophie gets up to do the same thing, and falls right in. Worse yet she gets completely stuck.  "Herschel! Herschel!" she cried. "Help me! I'm stuck!"  So, Hersch gets out of bed, walks into the bathroom, and sure enough, she's stuck fast. He tries pulling at her to no avail.  "Oy, oy, what are we going to do?" moans Sophie.  "Relax," says Hersch. "We'll call a plumber."  "And pay the overnight rate?" asks Soph, incredulous.  "You want me I should bring you a pillow and you sleep there tonight?" asks Hersch.  "OK, OK, call him."  So Hersch calls the plumber, and about 20 minutes later there's a knock on the door.  "There he is," says Hersch. "I'll let him in."  "Wait! You can't let him in...I'm naked from the waist down!"  Thinking quickly, Hersch takes off his yarlmukeh and hands it to her. "Here," he says. "You put this over your private parts and you're not naked."  So she does this, and Hersch lets the plumber in. They walk in the bathroom and the plumber starts surveying the situation. He tugs a little bit on her left arm, tugs on her right arm, then takes a step back and starts scratching his chin and thinking.  "Well?" asks Hersch, after a moment.  "Well," says the plumber, "I can save your wife. But the rabbi's a goner."
Why can't my master understand that I am just a Labrador and not Jesus? He keeps telling me to heal.
What's the object of a Jewish football game? To get the quarterback
As a Catholic, on certain days of the year. The priest asks everyone to extend their right hand out to give a blessing to someone in need or the congregation. I extend my hand high up, like a salute.
I think I might be Jesus. I came for my children twice.
How to you call a jewish pokemon trainer? Ash
What do you call a Jewish Pokemon trainer? Ash.
When's the only time a Jew will leave a tip? When he gets circumcised
How does the Pope make online purchases? Using his Papal account. 
What do you call a focused Jew who drinks Orange Juice? 100% concentrated.
What does Allahu Akbar actually mean?" I asked Muhammad at work today. "It has two meanings," he replied, "The first meaning is 'God is Great'".     "And the second?" I asked     "Run like fuck!" Muhammad smiled.
Jesus was talking with the 12 apostles.. He said “Hey Guys, I can walk on water!”  They responded “No way”  And he said back “Yahweh!”
The Pope-mobile Because nothing says "faith in God" more than 4 inches of bullet-proof glass...
What do you call a Catholic priest crossing the street? Ped Xing
Whats the difference between a chihuahua and a Jewish kid playing Hopscotch? One is yippy and skiddish, the other is skippy and Yiddish!  
Why is Judas afraid of coming second in the Olympics? The last time he got silver, one of his friends ended up being really cross.
I like my women like Lord Jesus Long Hair, and prefer to pay before I order (just like with sins)/
My girlfriend reminds me of Jesus’ mom She is a virgin and calls me Baby all the time 
I'm going to Rio de Janeiro over Easter to see if I can find Jesus.  Heard he's really big over there!
It's official the Pope has canceled Easter. They found the body.
Floppy disks are like Jesus They died to become the icon of saving.
why can't jesus christ eat m&amp;m's? because they keep on falling through his hands
How did Jesus' crucifixion save us? It's 'cause he nailed it!
With all of these Muslims coming into Canada Racisim is suddenly a lot more complicated, it's not so black-and-white anymore.
What do you call a Jewish pirate's hat? A YARRRmulke
Why will Jesus be in Puerto Rico in nine months? Because Maria and Jose were hitting it.
Wife: "In my dream, I saw you in a jewelry store and you bought me a diamond ring."  Husband: "I had the same dream and I saw your dad paying the bill."
[NSFW] A Romanian, a Jew and a Somali are sitting under a tree ...A caterpillar crawls onto the Romanian's shoulder. The Romanian throws the caterpillar at the Jew, the Jew throws the caterpillar at the Somali, the Somali picks up the caterpillar and eats it. Another caterpillar gets on the Romanian, the Romanian throws it at the Jew, the Jew picks it up and asks the Somali,   "Do you want to buy a caterpillar?" 
A set of high ranking members of the Spanish clergy motivated the Catholic Monarchs to setup the Tribunal of the Holy Office of the Inquisition. You will not expect what happens next: The Spanish Inquisition. 
A French war hero, a Muslim pacifist and the Loch Ness Monster are sitting in a bar. Q. Who is the odd one out?  A. The Loch Ness Monster – because there is a chance that he actually exists.
What's the difference between a jew and a nazi? The jew did nazi that coming.
Why was Jesus against homosexuality? His only experience getting nailed by other dudes was through his hands and feet.
For Halloween I'm going to dress my dog up as a famous pope. I was thinking Pope John Paw.
What's do Jesus and Ryan Dunn have in common? They both spent their last minutes getting hammered
Why do you never want to call a middle eastern man with a turban a Muslim? Because they are Sikh and tired of it!
I heard while in prison Anthony Weiner is gonna find Jesus. Soon he might be able to become a true Catholic priest.
Two Jewish men are walking down the street. They notice a sign outside a church that reads, "$200 to covert to Christianity."  One of them asks, "Well, you want to give it a shot?"  "Nah", the other responds.  "I'm not really religious anyway; I'll take their money" says the first.  An hour goes by and he comes walks back out and sees his friend waiting by the doors. "Did you go through with it?" the friend asks.  "Yup."  "So? Did you get the money?" asks the friend.  "Is that really all you people think about?"
The children of catholics I have no idea if this is a repost but I hadn't heard it before.  - Four middle-aged Catholic men and a Catholic woman were having coffee in St. Peters Square.  The first Catholic man tells his friends, "My son is a priest, when he walks into a room, everyone calls him 'Father'."  The second Catholic man chirps, "My son is a Bishop. When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Grace'."  The third Catholic gent says, "My son is a Cardinal. When he enters a room everyone bows their head and says 'Your Eminence'  The fourth Catholic man says very proudly, "My son is the Pope. When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Holiness'."  Since the lone Catholic woman was sipping her coffee in silence, The four men give her a subtle, "Well....?"   She proudly replies, I have a daughter, SLIM &amp; TALL 38 DD BUST 24" WAIST and 34" HIPS   When she walks into a room, people say, 'JESUS H. CHRIST!!!' 
I slept with an Amish girl last night. I don't think I'll call her.
Why was Mary disappointed by Jesus? He was the only B gotten son. Everybody else got A's
A little black Jewish boy says to his daddy, "Dad am I more black or Jewish?" "Why do you ask?", says the Dad.  The boy says, "Well a guy at school has a bike for sale for $150 and I can't decide if I want to haggle him down to $100 or just steal it."
What name did Jesus go by during his cross dressing phase? Auntie-Christ
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus? It only takes one nail to hang a picture of Jesus.
What do you call a Jew who eats pork Jew-ish
A black guy, Jew, and prostitute walk into a bar. They sit down and begin to discuss their sex lives.  The black guy says "Man, I get all the sex I want. I'm the only black guy in this town and all these woman want a piece of me."  The prostitute responds with "You think that you get a lot of sex? I get paid for it. Every day, I get endless amounts of sex and I don't even have to leave the house for it!"  The Jew, who was quiet up to this point,  puts down his beer. He says "You guys think you get to fuck a lot of people? I work for Goldman Sachs..."
Why Did Jesus Have Perfect Abs? He did CrossFit.
Imagine if a muslim woman went on the run Who the hell would be able to find her
How does Jesus make his tea? Hebrews it.
If half Italian/half Jewish people are called pizza bagels, what do you call someone who's half Jewish and half Puerto Rican? A papi (poppy) bagel
What do you say when a Jedi is killed by a Muslim Sith? He's fallen to the dark Syed
What do you call Muslims mating? Fucking terrorists. 
A Jewish father was troubled... A Jewish father was troubled by the way his son turned out, and went to see his Rabbi about it. "I brought him up in the faith, gave him a very expensive Bar Mitzvah, it cost me a fortune to educate him. Then he tells me last week he has decided to be a Christian! Rabbi, where did I go wrong?"  "Funny you should come to me," said the Rabbi. "Like you I, too, brought my boy up in the faith, put him through University, cost me a fortune, then one day he, too, tells me he has decided to become a Christian."  "What did you do?" asked the father.  "I turned to God for the answer" replied the Rabbi.  "And what did he say?" pressed the father.  "God said, 'Funny you should come to me...' "
Why wasn't Jesus born in X Country? He couldnt find 3 wise man and a virigin
I went to a Jewish Bar Last night. They got incredibly offended when I asked for the Rabbi steak.
Floppy disks are like Jesus. They died to become the icon of saving
What do you get when you cross the Pope with a Lamborghini? A Jedi. Force equals mass times acceleration.
Two Jewish men are sitting in an Indian restaurant One of them wonders if there are any Jews in India.  He calls the waiter and asks, "Hey man, are there any Indian Jews?"  Waiter says, "Let me go and check with the cook."  The two men wonder why does he have to go ask the cook for that!  He comes back and says, "No sir, no Indian Jews".  The men ask him to go back and bring the cook over and the exasperated man comes over.  They ask him, "Dude how the hell can there be no Indian Jews?! We are frickin' everywhere!"  The cooks says, "Sir, we have Orange Juice, Pineapple Juice, Mango Juice and Apple Juice but we have nothing called Indian Juice, sorry!"
If a Muslim beats his wife, would it be domestic violence or child abuse?
What's the difference between a Jew and a canoe? #Canoes tip.
Three Jews walk passed a church Outside the church there is a sign that says "Conversions today, 200 dollars". They are surprised that the church is giving out money just to become a Christian. So one of the guys says he is going to go check it out. He is gone for about an hour and finally comes back. The other two Jews look to him and ask, "Well did you get the 200 bucks?" And the guy responds, "Is that all you people think about?"
A Rabbi and a Roman Catholic Priest sit next to each other on a plane. They start talking about themselves and after a while the priest asks the Rabbi if he has ever eaten pork before. The Rabbi denies it vehemently but the priest keeps pushing until finally the Rabbi admits that he had once before he became a Rabbi.   The Rabbi, not happy with the events, asks the priest if he's ever had sex before. The priest denies it but the Rabbi keeps pushing until finally the priest admits that he had before he became a priest. The Rabbi, not content yet, leans forward and says "it's better than pork isn't it". 
What would Jesus's favorite gun be? A nail gun.
I made a joke: A man in evening dress passes a farmer counting his bales of hay. Then the Pope rides by in a wagon... The man in evening attire is walking down a road, when he looks ahead and sees he's approaching a farmer counting his bales of hay.  "Ah, I have 7 bales in this pile, and 5 bales in this pile," said the farmer.  The Pope was just riding by in his wagon just then, and suggested to the farmer,   "Why don't you put 1 of the bales in the pile with 7 into the pile with 5?"  The farmer did so.  So, the man in evening attire said "Good evening, gents!"
Why can't a Muslim do driver's ed and sex ed at the same time? The camel will get exhausted.
Nun and Jesus A man gets on a bus, and ends up sitting next to a very attractive nun. Enamored with her, he asks if he can have sex with her. Naturally, she says no, and gets off the bus. The man goes to the bus driver and asks him if he knows of a way for him to have sex with the nun. "Well," says the bus driver, "every night at 8 o'clock, she goes to the cemetery to pray. If you dress up as God, I'm sure you could convince her to have sex with you." The man decides to try it, and dresses up in his best God costume. At eight, he sees the nun and appears before her. "Oh, God!" she exclaims. "Take me with you!" The man tells the nun that she must first have sex with him to prove her loyalty. The nun says yes, but tells him she prefers anal sex. Before you know it, they're getting down to it, having nasty, grunty, loud sex. After it's over, the man pulls off his God disguise. "Ha, ha! I'm the man from the bus!" "Ha, ha!" says the nun, removing her costume. "I'm the bus driver!"
The children were lined up in the cafeteria of a Catholic elementary school for lunch. At the head of the table was a large pile of apples.   The nun made a note, and posted on the apple tray,   "Take only one. God is watching."   Moving further along the lunch line, at the other end of the table was a large pile of chocolate chip cookies.   One child whispered to another, "Take all you want.   God is watching the apples."
Why are catholic priests called father? Because "daddy" would be too suspicious
Why do Jewish prisoners keep escaping from the new prison? Because there's no lox. 
What's the difference between a jew and a jewel? One burns when you put it in a furnace
What does the Pope use to get you out of jail? Christian Bale. 
What do Popeye and sardines have in common? They both come in olive oil.
What did the Muslim say to his sister when she poked his eye? Hey! Watch my eye sis!
A Pope and a lawyer meet by the Pearly Gates. A Lawyer and the Pope died at the same time, both went to heaven.  They were met at the Pearly Gate by St. Peter who conducted them to their rooms.  The Pope's room was spartan with bare floor, army cot for a bed, and a single bulb for light.  They came to the Lawyer's room.  It was huge with wall to wall carpeting, king sized water bed, indirect lighting, color TV, stereo, Jacuzzi and fully stocked bar.  The Lawyer said, "There must be a mistake. This must be the Pope's room!"  St Peter said, "There's no mistake. This is your room. We have lots of Pope's, but you're our very first Lawyer!"
Jesus may have fed 5000 people fish and bread... But Hitler made 6 million Jews toast
Did you hear about the teen suicide figures throughout the Muslim community? It's exploded in the past few years
Jesus A teenage boy had just gotten his driver's license and inquired of his father as to when they could discuss his use of the car. His father said he'd make a deal with his son: 'You bring your grades up from a C to a B average, study your Bible a little, and get your hair cut. Then we'll talk about the car.' The boy thought about that for a moment, decided he'd settle for the offer, and they agreed on it. After about six weeks his father said, 'Son, you've brought your grades up and I've observed that you have been studying your Bible, but I'm disappointed you haven't gotten your hair cut.' The boy said, 'You know, Dad, I've been thinking about that, and I've noticed in my studies of the Bible that Samson had long hair, John the Baptist had long hair, Moses had long hair...and there's even strong evidence that Jesus had long hair.' To this his father replied, 'Did you also notice they all walked everywhere they went?'
Apparently Jesus had a dog... It was a cross breed.
Happy Ramadan to all my Muslim friends! This month, lunch is on me.
How did Jesus get sick? Cross contamination
Why do Jewish guys get circumcised? Because they know Jewish girls can't resist something that's 30% off
How do you capture a smart Jew? You have to Ausch-witz him! 
What is the painting in Milwaukee of Pope Benedict called using 17,000 Colored Condoms? Eggs Benedict. 
Why'd the Nazi cross the Jews? To get to the genocide!
How do you blow up a Muslim's iPhone? Put it into airplane mode.
Did you hear about the bishop who invited the local Protestant pastor to lead his services? He was defrocked for being too sects-positive. 
In Sunday School, they said God and Jesus were everywhere, in everything. This takes,"Jesus loves you" to a whole new level.
Jesus walks into a bar He says "Guys i got resurrected. I have a second life now" Then a cat in the corner says "That`s cute" 
My muslim wife left me the other day.. I guess she didn't know what jihad. 
'Come fourth, John' Jesus said, 'and I will give you eternal life.' John came fifth and won a toaster.
A Jewish comedian was doing a special on dick jokes They were 10% off.
A fifteen year old Amish boy and his father were in a mall. A fifteen year old Amish boy and his father were in a mall.  They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and then slide back together again. The boy asked, "What is this Father?" The father (never having seen an elevator) responded, "Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don"t know what it is." While the boy and his father were watching with amazement, a fat old lady in a wheel chair moved up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened, and the lady rolled between them into a small room.  The walls closed, and the boy and his father watched the small numbers above the walls light up sequentially. They continued to watch until it reached the last number, and then the numbers began to light in the reverse order. Finally the walls opened up again and a gorgeous 24-year-old blond stepped out. The father, not taking his eyes off the young woman, said quietly to his son... "Go get your Mother." 
A Muslim man walks into a bar... He walks out.
How did Jesus get his abs? He does cross fit
I asked an old Jewish friend of mine about inviting Nazi's to my wedding. He said "with the Nazi's, the fuhrer the better"
What is Jesus Christ's favourite fitness regimen? CrossFit
Super Pope One day, we found that we had a new superhero. Super Pope, with the power to make criminals and heretics alike feel crushing guilt so that they simply go to confession and turn the selves in.  He kept us safe and pious for many years, but one year he left. All he could tell is that he was leaving, "because my papal needs me." 
What is Jesus' favorite band? Nine inch Nails
