Why do fat guys never solicit prostitute Their always trying to roll them
What do you call a place that you put an arrested caucasian gang member in? A white blood cell.
Where do fags park? Oh cum on. You all know the answer.
So I'm out in the woods taking a shit when... ...a bear strolls up, cocks his head with a funny expression, and says, "I never knew you guys did that."
What do you call a demonic vocalist who drives a Transit? Van Hellsing
Why do lesbians shop at sport authority? Because they don't like Dick's
What tastes good on pizza but not on pussy? Crust
Wanna hear a joke about my penis? Never mind  it's too long.
What do you call a cow fart? Dairy-air.
Dad Joke: What did the horse get on his oral exam? A-neigh
I was pissed because my phone was dead My counsellor suggested me to find an outlet. 
A girl watches her father take a shower.. She points to his penis and says, "Daddy, when will I get one of those?" He looks at his watch and says, "When your mother leaves for work!"
Why does Hillary Clinton want to have sex with Bill first thing in the morning? She wants to be the first lady.
how i feel about masturbation I'm a little torn about masturbation, I mean on the one hand it feels good.
So I saw a black man running with a TV. Horrified I thought it was mine. But upon arrival home I saw mine was in its right place. Polishing my shoes.
At my local police station, the toilet was stolen The police have nothing to go on
Doctor wanted a semen sample, stool sample and urine sample. I gave him a pair of my underwear. Here, you sort it out. 
I think I'm going to break up with my girlfriend who is a stripper Every night it's the same old thong and dance 
Why do Chinese people love NY? Because they heard we sell hotdogs for $0.75 each.
I'm scared of the toilet That's where shit goes down
There were 3 men in a hotel... ...the man on the top floor was having a shave, the man on the second floor was having a wee off of his balcony and the man on the bottom floor was having a barbecue.  They all got together at the end of the day to tell each other about their day.  The man on the top floor said "I dropped my razor today" The man in the second floor said "My willy got chopped off" And the man on the bottom floor said "I got a free sausage"
Why do Feminists lay down during sex? They can't *stand* seeing a man have a good time.
Black Proctologists and Chinese Dog Catchers I don't think clicking on this makes you racist.  But waiting for the punchline does make you stupid at this point.
How many anime characters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? (Different) Just one, but he/she will underestimate it's power level and burn himself/herself.
Jihadists are the shittiest comedians They always bomb
What sexual position does Canada prefer with the USA? On top   
A professor told dirty jokes in class and the women wanted to protest it. So they decided that in the next time that the professor will start with these kind of jokes they all will leave the class as a protest. Somehow the professor heard about the plan. In the next lecture, in the beginning of the lecture he said: "In Sweden a prostitute makes £2000 per night." All the women stood up and started to leave the class. So he shouted after them: "Where are you going? The plane to Sweden doesn't take off until the day after tomorrow."
What did the father say before he killed his child with a vacuum cleaner? Dyson
Japan's First VR Porn Festival Canceled Prematurely Because of Overcrowding Basically, a bukkake that ended early because everybody came. 
A chinese guy.. A Chinese Doctor can't find a job in a Hospital in the US, so he opens a clinic and puts a sign outside 'GET TREATMENT FOR $20 - IF NOT CURED GET BACK $100.' An American lawyer thinks this is a great opportunity to earn $100 and goes to the clinic. Lawyer: "I have lost my sense of taste." Chinese: "Nurse, bring medicine from box No. 22 " The Lawer quickly replies: "Are you going to give me kerosene?". The doctor, surprised, answered: 'How do you know?". Lawyer : " I hear people get scammed like this every week on r/jokes"
Why did the black man wear a tuxedo to his vasectomy? Because he said, "If I'm gonna be impotent, I wanna look impotant!"
What does Donald Trump call the space between his balls and his butthole? The Bridge. It connects his courage to his ideas.
What do you call a fat woman with massive pillowy rolls? A rolls royce
A family of mice were surprised by a big cat. Father Mouse jumped and and said, "Bow-wow!" The cat ran away. "What was that, Father?"  asked Baby Mouse. "Well, son, that's why it's important to learn a second language." 
What do you call a slow transgender? Translate.
I've been fired for a childish behaviour Apparently, sucking tits of my female coworkers wasn't such a good idea.
I like to have sex with nuns every night I'm in the habit now
A CNN journalist heard about a very old Jewish man... A CNN journalist heard about a very old Jewish man who had been going to the Western Wall to pray, twice a day, every day, for a long, long time.   So she went to check it out.   She went to the Western Wall and there he was, walking slowly up to the holy site.   She watched him pray and after about 45 minutes, when he turned to leave, using a cane and moving very slowly, she approached him for an interview.   "Pardon me, sir, I'm Rebecca Smith from CNN. What's your name?"   "Morris Feinberg." he replied.   "Sir, how long have you been coming to the Western Wall and praying?"   "For about 60 years."   "60 years! That's amazing! What do you pray for?"   "I pray for peace between the Christians, Jews and the Muslims."   "I pray for all the wars and all the hatred to stop."   "I pray for all our children to grow up safely as responsible adults and to love their fellow man."   "I pray that politicians tell us the truth and put the interests of the people ahead of their own interests."   "How do you feel after doing this for 60 years?"   "Like I'm talking to a fucking brick wall."
I wanted to kill the sexiest person alive But suicide is a crime.
Did you hear the one about the two gay Irishmen? Gerald Fitzpatrick and Patrick FitzGerald.
What did the Mooslim say to the Nazi? Don't you hate it when a few bad apples make us all look bad?
So a man asked his friend why he keeps two tabs of Pornhub on when 'in the mood' ... "One for each hand, obviously."
Suicide Squad's Title in Canada Translates To "Mopey Avengers Go To Hot Topic". In Syria it translates to ISIS
A Russian boy walks up to his grandfather... "Grandpa, is it true that there was a nuclear disaster at the Chernobyl Power Plant?" he says. "Yes, there was." replied the Grandfather, patting the boy's head.  The boy then says "And is it true that there were absolutely no consequences of it whatsoever?". The Grandpa says "Yep. None at all." and pats the boy's second head
What's the diffrence between a... What's the difference between a hockey player and a feminist? After three periods the hockey player takes a shower.  How do you confuse a feminist? Tell her that you refuse to allow her to make you a sandwich.
How long is Jared Fogles dick? A footlong.
(NSFW) Why is sex with a pregnant woman the best? You get pussy and head at the same time!
What does every woman have in her panties? A career.
Do these pants make my butt look fat? No, but those glasses do.
My car is so shitty, one time I fixed it with a coat hanger. Goes to show that those things can BRING life too.
I've had plenty of sex... I've had plenty of sex... too much sex... ...just not lately! 
I took my pet woodpecker with me on a walk downtown. Lots of people were pointing and staring. Finally a cop walks up, points in the direction of my woodpecker and said "'Scuse me sir, but I'm going to have to ask you to put away your pecker." So I said, "well where is my bird going to perch then?"
Sexist jokes. Why did the female cross the road? I DONT KNOW BUT WHAT WAS SHE DOING OUT OF THE KITCHEN! XD or how about this one: A man hits a woman with his car whose fault is it? The man's. Why was he driving in the kitchen? HAHHAAAAAH
How do you identify a Vegan, Crossfitter, Navy SEAL, or tranny? Don't worry about it, they will tell you.
Started with the tips of my fingers.. We got more into it, my fingers got deeper. She says "babe take off your ring its hurting me", I respond "you mean my watch?"
What's the best part of sex on a boat.... Just throw the dead body overboard when you're done.
Offered sex with 21 year old I was offered sex today with a 21 year old girl, in exchange I was supposed to advertise some kind of bathroom cleaner to my friends. Of course I declined because I am a person of high moral standards with strong will power. Just as strong as Ajax, the super strong bathroom cleaner, now available in scented lemon or vanilla.
A man went to jail for sexually abusing a monkey. He was an apeist!
What happens when a grown man sends you a picture of his dick? You just got molexted.
98% of black people love having sex in showers The other 2% haven't been to prison yet 
How did Hitler conquer Poland? He marched his troops in backwards and everyone thought they were leaving.
What do spinach and anal sex have in common? If you were forced to have it as a kid, you are NOT going to like it as an adult. 
I remember when my son fell asleep at a house party we had. I decided to shave his eyebrows off and draw a cock on his face. My wife went mental when she picked him up to change his nappy.
My friend got caught having a wank in the showers on a school trip It completely ruined our visit to Auschwitz
What do a Rubik’s Cube and a penis have in common? The more you play with it, the harder it gets
What do you call a cheap circumcision? a rip-off!
I asked my wife why she never tells me when she has an orgasm... She said "I don't like ringing you whilst you're at work."
How does a chav girl turn on the light after sex? She opens the car door.
Why did Hitler kill himself? He got his gas bill in the mail.
What do you call sex on a beach? Intercoarse
I ordered a penis enlarger from eBay last week. The bastard sent me a magnifying glass. 
The time it would take to compute the circumference of your mom is... O(n^2)
I have a hard time seeing the difference between Donald Trump and Hitler Then again, I *am* pretty bad at faces.
Why do all Jews get circumcised? Because they enjoy 20% off
tranny troubles Damn SUV broke down ..  so took it into my GMC dealer. Told them tranny was messed up.  Mechanic quickly corrected me. "Sir, did you mean to say, ..... your SUV's directional propulsion mechanism currently identifying as automatic" is having trouble ?  Bastard then cracked a politically correct smile.    
What's the difference between Batman and a black man? What's the difference between Batman and a black man?  Batman can go to the store without Robin.
What do you call someone who cleverly smooth-talks their way into giving oral sex? A cunnilingus cunning linguist
Hitler became temporarily blinded from a Mustard gas attack during WW1, which means... He could not see. 
Why is your shit tapered? So your ass doesn't close with a bang.
I accidently came into my stash of child porn. Looks like I'm gonna have to go through the deep web again.
What is the most common pickup line in a gay bar? Can I push in your stool?
Why don't ants like to have sex? They always find its an anticlimax. 
A cop pulled over a Chinese guy for driving alone in the carpool lane He was ticketed for HOV while asian
Whats the worst part of breaking up with a Japanese woman? You have to drop the bomb twice before she understands...
I heard they were making pillows out of women's breasts. They called the material mammary foam.
A classic from my grandfather. How do you catch a unique rabbit?  Unique up on it.    How do you catch a tame rabbit?  Tame way. Unique up on it. 
My irritating fucking roommate contaminated our water with mercury... Now I'm *really* mad!!
A recent study was done amongst leaders of catholic churches on the subject of child molestation. 90% said... No comment. 
Dave's shitty luck There was a man named Dave, and he was going on a hunting trip with his buddies. Luckily he's at the campsite when all of a sudden he gets a bad case of the Hershey squirts. Dave runs to the nearest tree and let's it rip all over the tree. In fact he's there so long he falls asleep. His friends come back, having killed a deer and see Dave squatting against the tree with the huge pile of shit under him. They think it would be funny to gut the deer and leave the entrails under Dave. About an hour later they're at the campsite when Dave comes running back. He says, "You guys, you guys! I just shat out my guts!" His friends all act disgusted saying, "Oh gross Dave, are you ok?" He says, "I'm fine, I found a stick and managed to shove them all back in."
Who is fattest person alive? Bert Chrysler.
What do you call a Pokemon with breasts? Rattata.   
You don't put your dick in crazy because you'll probably get hurt... You don't put your dick in stupid because you'll probably get hertz
A guy brings his golf buddy home. This guy brings his best golf buddy home unannounced for dinner at 6:30 after enjoying a day of golf.  His wife screams her head off while his friend sits open mouthed and listens to the tirade.   "My hair and makeup are not done, the house is a fucking mess, and the dishes aren't done.  I’m completely exhausted!  I didn’t get enough sleep last night.  Can't you see I'm still in my fucking pajamas??  I can't be bothered with cooking tonight!  Why the fuck did you bring him home without letting me know ahead of time, you stupid asshole?"     He answers: “Because he’s thinking of getting married..." 
What's the difference in a refrigerator and a vagina? A refrigerator doesn't fart when I pull my meat out. 
What's the difference between the Chinese and Germans? The Chinese rike and the Germans Reich.
What does a young girl from Arkansas say just before she loses her virginity? "Careful, dad, don't crush my smokes."
The father walks into the church and sees 4 sisters... He asks what they are waiting for and they say they are there to confess their sins. The father tells them to come one by one, so the first one approaches and says:  "Father, forgive me for my sin. I touched a male's genitals using my left hand."  So the father thinks and says:  "Go there and wash your left hand with the holy water."  And the sister goes and washes her left hand with the holy water.  The second one approaches and says:  "Father, forgive me for my sin. I touched a male's genitals using my left hand and I rubbed it a little bit."  So the father thinks and says:  "Go there and wash your hand with the holy water. Don't forget to rub your hand in the water too."  And the sister goes and washes and rubs her left hand with the holy water.  Then, he realizes that the 3rd and 4th sisters are arguing. Father asks what is going on.  The third one tells the father that the fourth sister is trying to take her spot.   The fourth one desperately goes:  "Father, I just wanted to gargle before she washes her ass."
Blind Girl If a blind girl tells you your manhood is massive…  …she’s probably pulling your leg.
What do you call a black woman with a draft between her legs? LaQueefa
sex in bunk bed A boy says to a girl, "So, sex at my place?" "Yeah!" "Okay, but I sleep in a bunk bed with my younger brother, and he thinks we're making sandwiches, so we have to have a code. Cheese means faster and tomato means harder, okay?" Later on the girl is yelling, "Cheese cheese, tomato tomato!" The younger brother says, "Stop making sandwiches! You're getting mayo all over my bed!" 
I named my dick I named my dick the truth, because the truth hurts, and you can't handle the truth!
What do black people like to drive? House prices down
What did the gay deer say when he left the bar? "I can't believe I blew 50 bucks back there!"
Chinese proverb... Man who goes to bed with itchy ass, wakes up with stinky fingers.
[NSFW/L]Today I woke up to my grandmother sucking my dick I probably shouldn't have grafted it onto the alarm clock button
How many Greek Catholic monks does it take to screw in a lightbulb? a Basilian.
I'm a vegan and a registered sex offender... When I move into a new neighbourhood, what am I supposed to tell everyone first?
Little Johnny went to the zoo with his parents. He saw an elephant and asked his mom:  "Mom, what does this elephant has between its legs?"  Mom blushes and says:   " Oh, that's nothing."  Then Johnny turns to his father and asks:   "Dad, what does this elephant has between its legs?"  "That's elephant's penis"  "But mom said that it was nothing"  "Well, daddy spoiled mommy a little bit"
I got into a fight with my erection this morning. I beat it single handedly. 
What do English people call dumpsters Big Bens
Someone told me one of my group of friends is gay I hope it's Terry, he's soooo adorable!
My girlfriend said she thinks her boobs are too small "I'm going to get a boob job" she said.   "Hmm." I said, "My hands are too small...what do you think I should do?"   "Do you want a hand job?"   She's a keeper
So the vagina's talking to the uterus... ...and the vagina says "Hey, did you order something from the piano store?"  The uterus, very confused, says "No. Why would I order something from the piano store?"  The vagina replied "I don't know, but there's a couple of nuts down here trying to push in an organ."
A Father's Gift A proud new father sits down with his dad to have a drink.  "Well son, now that you have a son of your own its time I gave  you something."  "Dad you dont mea-"  "Yes I do. You've earned it." Says the father as he passes a copy of '1001 Dad Jokes 5th Edition' to the son.  "Dad I dont know what to say...I'm honored." "Hi honored," Replies the father. "I'm dad."
What's the difference between jam and marmalade? I can't marmalade my cock in your ass
I was telling a girl in the pub about my ability to guess what day a woman was born just by feeling her boobs... "Really?" she said, "Go on then...try." After about thirty seconds of fondling she lost patience and demanded "Come on, what day was I born?" “Yesterday." I replied.
(NSFW) What did God say when he walked in on his son masturbating? "Jesus fucking Christ!"    I'll see myself out. 
A very attractive woman walked into a bar Asked everyone what they wanted to drink, everyone wanted two liquor
How did the dickhead react to his first blowjob? He was mind-blown 
Freud was wrong, I have no desire to sleep with my mom I'd bang the shit out of my aunt, though.
Most of my sextapes are on DVD.. except for that gay one where I Blu-Ray.
A girl lives in a trailer with her brother and drunken father She wakes up in the morning, gets ready for school, but when she goes to pack lunch, there is no food.  Being the drunk he is, her father is sitting on the couch, beer in hand.  "Dad, can I have two dollars for lunch at school?" "Look, we've been over this," he replied, "you know what you have to do if you want money from me." "But Dad, thats discusting, please...I dont want to be hungry again" "You aren't getting out of this" He says firmly.  The girl sighs and reluctantly gets on her knees, unbuckles his belt, takes out his cock, and puts it in her mouth. She immediately spits it out and gags.  "Dad, your dick tastes like shit" He replies, "Your brother borrowed the car"
Indian boy asks his father "why is my brother named White Buffalo?" The father replies " when brother born ,I step outside and first thing I see is white buffalo"-- "Why is my sister named Grey Cloud?"-- "When sister born ,I step outside and first thing I see is grey cloud, but why do you ask Shitting  Dog?
On the advice of his doctor, a man goes to see a psychiatrist for possible sex addiction. During his first session, the psychiatrist shows the man a series of Rorschach inkblots to gauge his reactions.  On the first inkblot, the man says: "It's a guy getting a blowjob."  On the second, the man says: "Hmmm, looks like a woman receiving cunnilingus from another woman."  On the third, the man says: "It appears to be a woman mounting a man, reverse-cowgirl style, while she's blindfolded."  The psychiatrist continues to show more inkblots, and the man continues to see sexual imagery.  The psychiatrist concludes the inkblot test, and tells the man: "Clearly, you have an advanced case of sexual addiction. You see nothing but sexual imagery in all of the inkblots."  The man replies: "That's hardly a fair diagnosis. You're the one with all the dirty pictures!"
What hurts more; giving birth or being kicked in the balls? A women will normally want more children after a year or two.  No man has ever wanted another kick in the balls.  Case closed.
What's the difference between incest porn and regular porn? The mute button.
How does Justin Bieber remove a condom? He farts
A girl walks in on her boyfriend blowing his dick with her hair dryer. "What the hell are you doing?!" she yells. He lovingly replies, "Baby, you just asked me to heat up dinner for you!"
A little boy caught his mom and dad having sex. After, he asked, "What were you and daddy doing?" The mom said, "We were baking a cake." A few days later, the little boy asked his mom, "Were you and daddy baking a cake?" She said yes, and asked him how he knew. He answered, "Because I licked the frosting off the couch."
How many communists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? In Soviet Russia, lightbulb screws YOU!
An American dude, a French dude, and a Japanese dude barely survive a shipwreck... While clinging to floating debris and paddling towards shore they discuss what they will do to survive.  The American dude says: Well, I am a carpenter by trade, so I'll build us a shelter.  The French dude says: Ho-hoh! Yers trulee eez the greatest chef ever! I shall make grand meals to feed us!   It gets decided that the Japanese dude would be in charge of supplies. After kicking for hours they finally reach the shoreline, completely exhausted. The Japanese dude gets up and sprints with deer-like speed into the jungle. The American and French dudes look at each other and shrug, then get to work.   By the following evening, the American and French dudes have a reasonable shelter, a reliable firepit, and have enjoyed a few good meals. They decide to go on a search for their friend.   Hours go by as they trek the thick jungle, no sign of their friend anywhere. Just as they are about to give up, the Japanese guy jumps down from a tree, throws his arms up and yells out: SUPPLIES!!! 
My wife said to me, "Would you rather have sex with Angelina Jolie or Mila Kunis?" I said, "Yes."
What do you call a herd of cows masturbating? Beef strokin' off
What do you call a disabled gay person? A watermelon, because it's technically both a fruit and a vegetable. 
A young Hitler, and a young Mao are in a room with a cannibal The cannibal had dic-tator tots for dinner
A manga artist told a man that his 2D female anime characters were alive and he could have sex with them for as long as he wanted ... The man was overjoyed, and asked where the characters were.  "In my drawing room."  the artist responded.  The man rushed into the room, closing the door behind him.  A few minutes later, the door opened.  Out came the man with a pained expression on his face, holding his crotch with both hands.  "What happened?!  Didn't you enjoy it?" the artist asked.  "Yes," groaned the man, "but I could've done without the paper-cuts."  
A doctor brings new born baby to father Doctor walks up to the father with baby in arms. He starts repeatedly punching it, kicking it and then throws it in the ground and stomps on it. The father was in shock with his jaw dropped. The doctor then says "just kidding, it was already dead"
I like to nickname my penis Buzz Lightyear Because he likes to travel to the star and beyond
Trip to Japan An American businessman is on a business trip in Japan, and he hires a hooker. The whole night the hooker keeps screaming, "Hosthimota! Hosthimota!"  The man doesn't know what the word means, but he's positive he's pleased the hooker to the best of his abilities, and thus assumes it's positive.  The next day he goes to play a game of golf with his Japanese business partners when he makes a hole in one! Everyone is congratulating him, and he can't think of anything to say but, "Hosthimota!"  The applause stop, and one of the business partners turns to him and says, "No, sir. That *was* the right hole.
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer? The taste
Life is lot like a Pe*nis! Simple, soft, Straight, hanging Freely then a woman make it hard......
Eating spinach is much like anal sex You won't enjoy it as much as an adult if you are forced to do it as a child.
What's the difference between Jesus and a vagina? A vagina is still good after a couple of nails
My dick was once in the Guinness Book of Records. World's smallest dick.
I farted in front of my Jewish friend... He glared at me.   I said, "What? A little gas never killed anyone !"
My girlfriend is very overweight. She is doing exercises to try and slim down. After jogging, she thought she was having a heart attack saying she had a horrible pain under her left breast. Turned out, she had a sprained knee....  ������
My mailman got a sex change.  I guess you'd call him a post man now.
What's the difference between Hitler and Keemstar? Hitler knew when to kill himself.  Edit: Holy shit 200+ likes.
A sex offender is re-arrested on suspicion of abusing a dog at a veterinary clinic. The police investigator accosts him in interrogation: "You already had a 20-year prison sentence for sexual abuse of a minor. How could you be so disgusting and callous as to abuse a defenseless dog?!"  The offender: "I'm telling you I didn't do it! Dogs have way too much hair for me!"
A little girl talks to her mother about her accident in school... Annie : Mommy, Jimmy showed his penis to me this morning!  Mom : Really?!?!  Annie : Yeah, and it reminded me about peanuts  Mom : *chuckles* Why? Is it because they are small?  Annie : No, salty...
Chinese Irony There typically are a lot of Chinese tourists downtown in the Summer. I saw one boy today wearing a T-shirt that said "Facebook".  Cue my Earle Bachman voice.. touche young one, touche.
What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a light-bulb? You can un-screw the light-bulb
What do balloons and virgins have in common? One prick and its gone.
What do you call a homosexual man on roller skates? Rolaids.
Circumcisions are painful. When I got mine right after I was born, I couldn't walk for nearly a year
Me:I take you are seldom go to the toilet. Scumbag Friend: Why?   Me:Because you are full with shit!
What do you call a dizzy asian? Disorientaled.
I tried to give myself a sex change but I couldn't quite pull it off.
What would you do to hide a fart? Well, I killed a man and I'm not sorry.
I figured out I'm autosapiosexual. I just came to this conclusion.
How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister in the jaw
What was Hitler's favorite videogame? Meinkraft
What does a woman's asshole do while having an orgasm? He's usually at home with the kids.
I was so close to having sex after a long dry spell Then my wife woke me up
I remember watching this excellent porno back in 2002 so I tried to find it on the internet. In hindsight, typing "14 year old porn" into Google probably wasn't my smartest idea
"Honey why are there broken condoms on our sofa?" "Shhhhh, our kids'll hear you"
What's the best thing about having sex with 25 year olds? There's twenty of them.
I invented a realistic sex simulator. It doesn't work on me because realistically nobody wants to have sex with me.
Shopping for insect repellent spray is so sexy.... I always get Off.
How many Meth-Heads does it take to screw in a light bulb?  Three, One to hold the lightbulb and Two to smoke till the room spins!
How can you tell if an older woman is into anal? She doesn't have any kids.
A girl saw a guy scratching his testicles in public. Girl : how can you scratch your private parts in public? I can never dare to do any such thing.   Guy : That's because you don't have the balls to do it. 
A woman keeps having sex with guys with gradually increasing penis size, what's that called? good luck.
A baby whale asks his father, "Dad, where did I come from?" The father replies, "Well, I put my semen into your mother's vagina, and then you were born!"  "Thanks, dad."  "You're whalecum."   
Even wants to have sex And she goes to Adam and says to him: "Adam, lets have sex!". "I can't have sex with you, you have no hole down there.", says Adam, so Eve goes crying to the river and a fairy appears and asks her "Eve, why are you crying?" where Eve replied "Adam can't have sex with me cause I have no hole down there..." and fairy brings a stork that makes a hole with his beak. From that day, all storks have red beak and all women have hole down there.  Eve happily goes to Adam and says "Adam, we can have sex now!" where Adam said "I don't wanna have sex with you, you're so bold down there, not a single hair!" and Eve goes crying to the river again and a fairy asks "What happened Eve, didn't you had sex? Why are you crying again?". "Adam doesn't want to have sex with me cause I have no hair down there..." and a fairy brings a baboon, cuts his butthair and places them onto her. From that day all baboon have naked ass and all women have hair down there.  Eve happily once again goes to Adam and says to him "Adam, we can finally have sex now!" where Adam replied "I don't want to have sex with you, you're totally dry down there." and Eve goes crying to the river again, where fairy asks her "What happened now, Eve?" and Eve replied "Adam doesn't want to have sex with me cause I'm dry down there.". Fairy gets a fish out of the water and tells her to rub her down there. From that day people don't know if pussy have smell of a fish or fish have smell of a pussy.  Edit: mistyped the heading 
A bear and a rabbit are shitting in the woods... As they both are wiping their ass the bear asks "Rabbit, does shit stick to your fur?" The rabbit replies  "Of course not"  So the bear wipes his ass with the rabbit. 
So I found a Chinese pet carer... He said he would wok my dog for me
The Black Lives Matter movement has grown exponentially and is moving at a lightspeed pace. They're changing their name to Black Lives Energy.
The United Nations is like a black father You know it exists but it's just never there when you need it .
On "Anne frankly" and "I did nazi that coming"... Those *Panzer* gettin`old
I really hate it when my gay friends joke about docking... It really gets under my skin.
What do you call a fat guy who is racialistic, and unlawfully wedded to multiple women at the same time? A big gut, big butt, bigot bigamist.  A.K.A. Donald Trump.  Credit to /u/SKGwNRG
The Voodoo dick There was this businessman who was getting ready to go on a long business trip. He knew his wife was a flirtatious sort, so he thought he'd try to get her something to keep her occupied while he was gone, because he didn't much like the idea of her screwing someone else. So he went to a store that sold sex toys and started looking around. He thought about a life-sized sex doll, but that was too close to another man for him. He was browsing through the dildos, looking for something special to please his wife, and started talking to the old man behind the counter. He explained his situation. The old man said, "Well, I don't really know of anything that will do the trick. We have vibrating dildos, special attachments, and so on, but I don't know of anything that will keep her occupied for weeks, except.... and he stopped. "Except what?" the man asked. "Nothing, nothing." "C'mon, tell me! I need something!" "Well, sir, I don't usually mention this, but there is the 'voodoo dick.'" "So what's up with this voodoo dick?" he asked.  The old man reached under the counter, and pulled out an old wooden box carved with strange symbols. He opened it and there lay a very ordinary-looking dildo. The businessman laughed, and said "Big fucking deal. It looks like every other dildo in this shop!" The old man replied, "But you haven't seen what it'll do yet." He pointed to a door and said "Voodoo dick, the door." The voodoo dick rose out of its box, darted over to the door, and started screwing the keyhole. The whole door shook with the vibrations, and a crack developed down the middle. Before the door could split, the old man said "Voodoo dick, get back in your box!" The voodoo dick stopped, floated back to the box and lay there quiescent once more. "I'll take it!" said the businessman. The old man resisted, saying it wasn't for sale, but he finally surrendered to $700 in cash. The guy took it home to his wife, told her it was a special dildo and that to use it, all she had to do was say "Voodoo dick, my pussy." He left for his trip satisfied that things would be fine while he was gone.  After he'd been gone a few days, the wife was unbearably horny. She thought of several people who would willingly satisfy her, but then she remembered the voodoo dick. She got it out, and said "Voodoo dick, my pussy!" The voodoo dick shot to her crotch and started pumping. It was great, like nothing she'd ever experienced before. After three orgasms, she decided she'd had enough, and tried to pull it out, but it was stuck in her, still thrusting. She tried and tried to get it out, but nothing worked. Her husband had forgotten to tell her how to shut it off. So she decided to go to the hospital to see if they could help. She put her clothes on, got in the car and started to drive to the hospital, quivering with every thrust of the dildo. On the way, another orgasm nearly made her swerve off the road, and she was pulled over by a policeman. He asked for her license, and then asked how much she'd had to drink. Gasping and twitching, she explained that she hadn't been drinking, but that a voodoo dick was stuck in her pussy, and wouldn't stop screwing.  The officer looked at her for a second, and then said "Yeah, right.. Voodoo dick, my ass!" 
A Chinese restaurant is pillaged... It was wonton vandalism. 
whats the best part of having sex with a transvestite? When you reach around it feels like you went all the way through. 
Virginity is like foreskin... Taken from me shortly after birth without my consent.
Where did the chinese man take his dog to on a walk? table two
Someone broke into the police station and stole all the toilet seats The cops had nothing to go on
How does Hitler tie his shoes? In little Nazis
What are the most fucked up jokes you have? Mine is: How do you make a scout cry twice? You wipe your bloody dick on her teddy bear.
An Iraqi father gave his daughter a new bag ... She said: "thanks for the Baghdad"
So earlier I held the door for an Asian guy... He said "Sank you" ...so I punched him. I couldn't believe he brought up Pearl Harbor like that.﻿
Trump , Clinton, and Hitler are about to fall of a cliff. You only have time to save on of them. Tell me why you saved Hitler.
God makes a black man and says "Crap, I left this one in too long. It's all dark and burnt!" so God tries again and he makes a white man and says "Gross. This one isn't nearly done enough. It's all pasty and soft!" God tries a third time and makes an asian and says "Oh for fuck's sake I give up! These humans are all hideous!"
a visit to the ob-gyn A sweet young thing had just finished getting her annual exam at her ObGyn's. As he was finishing up her paperwork he asked her i she had any questions. After a bit of of a pause, the embarrassed girl admitted to having one question. "Can you get pregnant from anal sex?" she asked. The doctor gave he a serious look and replied, "of course you can, where do you think lawyers come from?". 
A little boy, suffering with diarrhea, asks his mom for some Viagra... "What!" asks the shocked mother, "Why on Earth would you ask for that?"  "Well," replies the boy, "isn't that what you give dad when his shit can't get hard?" 
I had a one night stand with a girl who liked having pitchers of urine dumped on her head. It was a piss poor experience    
Sex Code A husband and wife decided they needed to use "code" to indicate that they wanted to have sex without letting their children in on it. They decided on the word Typewriter. One day the husband told his five year old daughter, "Go tell your mommy that daddy needs to type a letter". The child told her mother what her dad said, and her mom responded, "Tell your daddy that he can't type a letter right now cause there is a red ribbon in the typewriter." The child went back to tell her father what mommy said. A few days later the mom told the daughter, "Tell daddy that he can type that letter now." The child told her father, returned to her mother and announced, "Daddy said never mind with the typewriter, he already wrote the letter by hand." 
What's the best thing to come out of a penis? The wrinkles.  
TIL four Chinese brothers attempted to invent the airplane but failed miserably Apparently two Wongs don't make a Wright
Yo mama's so fat... Instead of a cartwheel she does a ferriswheel.
I'm looking forward to Melania Trump's next Speech... Apparently she's "had a dream"...
So the ghost of Hitler walks into a bar The ghost of hitler takes a seat next to the bartender and the bartender says, "Hitler?! What are you doing back from the dead?!" To which Hitler responds,  "I haf come bach to keell all zee jews! Unt one sad clown!"
What wind is best for footballs? Drew Brees 
What do you call a discount circumcision? A rip off.
Two Muslim families move from Afghanistan to the US.... The fathers in each family make a bet to see who could be more Americanized after one year.  They meet a year later and the first father says, "I just took my son to baseball practice, had McDonalds for breakfast and I've racked up more debt than I'll ever be able to pay off."  The second father says, "fuck you, raghead". 
What's in common between hitler's mustache and his genitals? They are both small and hairy
Two whores Two prostitutes Crystal and Amy  are looking for perfume so they head to Macy's and ask the nice classy woman behind the counter for help, knowing that the two women are ladies of the night she shows them a cheap bottle to which the two girls decline then the nice woman shows them a bottle called "come to me" which she thinks would attract more business for them, crystal picks it up gives it a sniff and shoves it under Amy's nose and asks "does this smell like cum 2 u"?
A woman told her physician that her husband had developed a penchant for anal sex... A woman told her physician that her husband had developed a penchant for anal sex, and she wasn't sure that it was a good idea.   The doctor asked: "Do you enjoy it?"   She said that she loves it.  He asked: "Does it hurt?"   She said that it feels wonderful.   The doctor told her: "Well, then there's no reason that you shouldn't have anal sex, just take care not to get pregnant."   The surprised woman asked: "You can get pregnant from anal sex?"   The doctor replied: "Sure. Where do you think lawyers come from!?"
Had sex with my first bernie supporter the other day... I now feel the bern
What porn does a rooster watch? Hentai
What did they gay necrophiliac say about his ex-lover? "That rotten asshole split on me again!"
A four year old boy is on the toilet fighting some nasty diarrhea when he calls for his Mom.  "Mom I need some Viagra, please."  The Mom is shocked, asking " why in the world do you need Viagra."  The boy responds, "I heard you and Dad last night when you were yelling at him to take some Viagra because his shit was soft."
What were Steve Jobs children told to do when their father passed away? Steve's Job.
Condoms aren't as safe as they make them out to be... My friend was wearing one when he got hit by a truck. He's not doing too well...
Religion is like a penis It's OK to have one and it's OK to be proud of it, but don't go waving it around or shoving it down kids' throats. 
A Frenchman, an Italian and an Englishman are discussing their love-making techniques. A Frenchman, an Italian and an Englishman are discussing their love-making techniques.  The Frenchman says: After I make love to my wife, I cover her body with flower petals and send her to heaven.  The Italian man says: Well, after I make love to my wife, I caress and stroke her body and send her to seventh heaven.  The Englishman Says: That's nothing! After I make love to my wife, I wipe my dick on the curtains and she hits the fucking roof! 
Scientists say the average size of the male penis has gone down to 5 inches. This just shows how big the Chinese population is getting.
Why did the racist object at his sister's wedding? The bride was pregnant with his child.
I think it’s pretty cool how the Chinese made a language entirely out of tattoos. I think it’s pretty cool how  the Chinese made a language entirely out of tattoos.
I wrote a book about sex and upvotes The karma-sutra
There's a disturbing movie about an evil German lunatic who creates an ass-to-mouth chain of people who digest each other's shit. You know, that documentary about the Trump campaign.
So Pedophiles want to get kids to suck their cocks!?! ..........Thats crazy I cant even get my nephew to do the dishes! 
What's the difference between a gay man and a fridge? A fridge doesn't fart when you pull meat out of it
Two lines for this poor wife... A wife was sure that her husband was having an affair with their housegirl, so she laid a trap for him. one evening she suddenly sent the maid to her home 4 weekend without infoming her husband. She latter went on and slept on the maid's bed and switched off the lights. Suddenly,he came in and silently he wasted no time on words but quickly jumped on her and had sex with her vigorously.When he finished, wife said you didn'texpect me in this bed, did u? &amp; switched the lights on. No madam replied their gateman!
Eating pussy is like being in the Mafia... One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit. 
An Amish boy and his father... An Amish boy and his father were visiting a mall. They were amazed by almost everything they saw, but especially by two shiny, silver walls that could move apart and back together again.   The boy asked his father, "What is this, Father?"   The father [never having seen an elevator] responded "Son, I have never seen anything like this in my life, I don't know what it is."  While the boy and his father were watching wide-eyed, an old lady in a wheel chair rolled up to the moving walls and pressed a button. The walls opened and the lady rolled between them into a small room. The walls closed and the boy and his father watched small circles of lights with numbers above the walls light up. They continued to watch the circles light up in the reverse direction.  The walls opened up again and a beautiful 24-year-old woman stepped out.   The father said to his son, "Go get your mother."
How do you know when your girlfriend is getting fat? When she fits in your wife's clothes.
Why is the Japanese gymnastics training center so uncomfortable? There's always a little nip in the air. 
What's the similarity between a gay man and a toothpick? They both poke around in old food
A depressed onion peeled itself to the end and when it found there was nothing inside it said... "I should have cut myself when I had the chance."
An man shows up for his first day of work at a strict anti-racist organization. He notices his asian boss has very dirty glasses ... "How can you even see with those?"  "You're fired."
How many Pokémon Go players does it take to screw in a light bulb? Just one, but you're going to have to wait for the server to go down first.  
What do Nazi marijuana farmers say to their employees? BALE HYDRO!!
What is the best part of jokes about fat people? The paunch-line...
What's worse than waking up at a party with a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.
What's the most commonly heard phrase in a gay bar? May I push your stool in.
So did you hear about the cannibal that broke into the gay hospital? At least he's getting his fruits and vegetables now.
What do you say when an episode of explosive diarrhoea turns into a round of smooth poop? What a wondrous *turd* of events.
Why did the Donkey Vacuum sell so poorly? Because it sucked ass.
I look forward to hearing Michelle Obama's speech again. At the 2020 RNC. 
What do you do when your GF says your cock is too small ? Jam it in her ass and re-evaluate. 
dont you just hate it when the guy sucking you off turns out to be gay
Did you hear about that Brand New sex move Ben used on his lady? Yeah, man. Ben Rector. 
[dirty] what do guitarists wear during sex G Strings
Ever have sex while camping? It's fucking in tents!
TIL that the instructors of a young aspiring artist named Adolph Hitler regretted giving him low marks on his work and feared that it may have contributed to his unfavorable acts later in life. They did Nazi that coming.
What do you call a stallion that's had its balls chopped off? A eunuch-orn
Dad gets his daughter a new drum kit. While she was practicing in her room, every time she did something wrong she shouted 'FUCK' or 'SHIT', and the more mistakes she made, the louder her playing becomes.  So this goes on for a while until her dad comes in and says "HEY..."   "Stop percussin'!"  EDIT: [Coda](http://instantrimshot.com/)
What do you call tits on a horse? Sarah Jessica Parker
My favorite sex position is the JFK. I splatter all over her while she screams and tries to get out of the car.
Why are uncircumcised people loners? Because they're complete dicks.
I saw a friend of mine in white robes the other day... So i ask him, "Whats with the white robes?" He looked at me and said, "Oh i joined a sex cult." "Oh wow, how many girls are in it?" "None right now, but the master said that we would discuses it after tonight's orgy."
Two of my favourite moments in my life were when I won my first fight and lost my virginity I hit him so hard he slept through the whole thing
What's the difference between a gay man and a refrigerator? The refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out.
I have had sex with so many other men this week I can't keep em all straight 
What do you call a lesbian dinosaur? Licksalotapuss. What do you call a gay dinosaur?  Megasoreass.
How many Jews does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One to pick up the phone and call some other asshole to do it. 
I -a dad- just subjected my daughter, 21, to my clever wit She wasn't sure whether or not to take a foam mattress with her to her summer camp job.  "Sleep on it," I said.  Update: It's the mattress -not the joke- that's dirty. We use it for camping a lot and it is actually quite disgusting. The joke? Clean as a whistle. Sorry for the confusion.
I want to screw you like I screwed Princess Diana Hard, fast and against the wall
Small Dick Joke Donald Trump
I don't see what's wrong with gay marriage It eliminates the worst part of a relationship 
I saw the expiration date on my condoms They say it takes thousands of years for latex to degrade, but apparently it's been longer than that since I've gotten laid
I held a meeting for people who can't ejaculate But nobody came.
Why are black people so tall? Their knee grows. 
Two gay men are travelling on a plane  Steve and Bill. "Dude, what if we had sex?" asks Steve. "You crazy? Here, on the plane? It would be awkward, everyone would watch us doing it..." "Man, nobody is even paying attention to anything. Look!" Steve stands up and asks loudly: "Could I have a pencil, please?" Nobody gives a damn. Everyone is sleeping, reading, looking out the window, etc. "They really wouldn't care then, would they?" says Bill. So Steve and Bill have wild sex on the plane. Later, when the plane arrives to the airport and the people are leaving, the stewardess sees an old man who threw up all over his shirt, even his pants are soaking in the filth. "Sir, you should've asked for a bag!" "I didn't dare" whispers the old man. "A few rows ahead I saw a man asking for a pencil and he got fucked in the ass..."
FATHER OF THE YEAR A man boarded a plane with six kids. After they got settled in their seats a woman sitting across the aisle from him leaned over to him and asked, "Are all of those kids yours?"  He replied, "No. I work for a condom company. These are customer complaints."
Two nuns were sitting on a bench in a park.. when a guy approached in a trench coat. He stopped right in front of them and exposed himself in all his natural beauty. The first nun had a stroke. The second nun was to slow.  
What do you do when your dishwasher breaks down? Kick her in the ass.
Life is like animal porn It's not for everybody
You know how I know we are gonna have sex? I'm stronger than you!
What do you call a black woman with a doctorate degree? Doctor, you racist.
Yo momma so fat... when she sat down, LIGO detected her gravitational waves.
Stevie Wonder is the worst Father Hasnt seen his kids in years
During his speech after the Orlando shooting, Donald Trump refuses to be politically correct... And just to be safe, he refuses to be correct. 
I sexually identify as Counter Strike... *And I'm globally offended*
Two hookers are standing on a corner... when a cop car rolls by and the officer eyes them suspiciously. The girls act like they're waiting on the light to turn, and the officer drives off. One of the hookers watches the policeman drive off with disdain in her eyes. She asks the other, "Have you ever been picked up by the fuzz?" The other hooker ponders this for a bit then replies, "No, but I was swung around by my tits once."
Last night I dreamed I was a roll of toilet paper at an insane asylum What a bunch of crazy assholes!
Jury awards $22 million to man locked in closet by East Cleveland police for four days with no food or toilet. R Kelly is going to sue the East Cleveland police for copyright infringement. 
Have you ever stroked a parrot? I bet you've stroked a cockatoo...
I like my slaves the way I like my coffee... Free
I was playing Xbox... This 12 year old said to me, "Go eat a bag of dicks."   I told him, "Sorry, I'm vagitarian."
What is the difference between a black man and a white man? About 6 inches.
Chinese joke Old Wang says to his friend Old Chen; it is so sweet, you have been married 50 years and you still call your wife 'sweetheart'. What is your secret? Chen says, "it is because I have forgotten her name"
How much money do gay bars make? A buttload. 
I'd rather cuddle than have sex *then
Crazy man has sex with machine at laundromat and evades police Nut screws washer and bolts
My girlfriend keeps telling me to finding the Clitoris. Can anyone tell me what Pokemon that is?
I asked a pharmacist "do you stock multicoloured tampons?" "Not since Brexit, they were made for brighter periods."
Do you charge for circumcisions? No, I only take tips
[NSFW] What's the difference between a loaded gun and a penis? Kids don't cry when a loaded gun goes off in their mouth.
What is the difference between a truckload of bowling balls... (nsfl) and a truckload of dead babies?  1.) You don't unload bowling balls with a pitchfork  2.) Bowling balls don't smell sexy  3.) I don't haul bowling balls for free  4.) I don't have to stop every 30 miles to fuck a bowling ball  5.) I don't have to move my hand to shift when hauling bowling balls   ... and any more ya'll can think of XD
Rough Sex [NSFW] A man and a woman are having sex when the guy complains that she feels like sandpaper. The woman gets up, goes to the bathroom, comes back and they continue. The man says "this feels so much better what did you do?" to which she replies "I picked my scabs."
Hitler and Mussolini are planning an invasion of Switzerland... Mussolini asks: "Where shall the border lie?" Hitler proposes the border to be where the armies meet, to which Mussolini replies: "No, I want to hold on to Rome!"
How do you flood subs with shitty content? add karma for text posts
What does a teenage southern girl say while having sex? Get off me Daddy! You're crushing my cigarettes!
What do black men hear most after sex? Back to your cell, inmate. 
My penis is only four inches But some girls like it that wide. 
I've heard that pineapple juice makes your semen taste better, so I decided to try it. The semen tasted better, but the juice tasted much worse.
My wife is trying to mask her obvious infidelities as constipation problems But she's so full of shit
Last night I got a blowjob from a terrorist. She blewed it way too hard.
A boy and his grandfather One day a little boy sees his grandfather sitting in his chair, drinking a beer. The boy runs up to his grandfather and sits in his lap. The boy asks his grandfather of he can have a sip of his beer. The grandfather said it depended on one thing. The grandfather said if your dick touches your asshole, then you can have a sip of my beer. The boy assured his grandfather that he was not that lucky. The grandfather said, "Well, you can't have a sip of my beer, then".  The next day he sees his grandfather in the chair puffing on a cigar, the boy runs up to his grandfather and sits in his lap. The boy asked if he could have a puff of his grandfather's cigar. The grandfather again asked if the boy's dick touched his asshole. The boy assured him again that it does not.  The next day the grandfather walked out onto the front porch where his grandson was eating some cookies. The grandfather told him the cookies smelled good. He asked his grandson if he could have one, too. So, the boy looks up at his grandfather and asks him if his dick touches his asshole. The grandfather exclaimed that his dick did in fact touch his asshole. The boy then replied to his grandfather, " Well then, go fuck yourself ". 
A man is in the grocery store An extremely hot woman comes up and says hello. The man asks the woman "how do I know you?" The woman responds with "I think that you are the father of one of my kids. The man thinks back to the only time that he was disloyal to his wife. He asks "are you the stripper from my bachelors party, that tied me down to the pool table, did me, while all of my friends cheered around me?" The woman responds with "no, I think your child is one of my math students."
"I'm proud to be a black man" "I'm proud to be a black man!" said the black man.  "I'm proud to be an Asian man!" said the Asian man.  "I'm proud to be a white man!" said the racist.
A Hole In The Head Q: Why does a man's penis have a hole in it?  A: So he can get oxygen to his brain. 
I was having sex with my girlfriend when I felt a weird tap on my shoulder... I hate having sex in the bath.
What do you call it when you give a girl an amazing orgasm? Clitical damage.
Lately, I've been masturbating to Star Wars bounty hunters... I think I've got a Boba Fettish.
A Father's Last Request A husband and wife have four sons. The oldest three are tall with red hair and light skin while the youngest son is short with black hair and dark eyes.  The father was on his deathbed when he turned to his wife and said,  "Honey, before I die, be totally honest with me: Is our youngest son my child?"  The wife replied, "I swear on everything that's holy that he is your son." With that, the husband passed away. The wife muttered, "Thank God he didn't ask about the other three."   Note, this is not my joke. I just thought reddit might like it :)  Edit: Sorry if this is a repost, I searched the subreddit and found nothing like this.
What do you call 1 white guy surrounded by a court of black people? The NBA.
What's brown and sticky? SHIT
What is a pornstar's favorite subject? Cockulus
I like my slaves how I like my coffee. Free.
Why are black people so good at basketball? Because it involves shooting, stealing and running.
Every night for the past month I've asked my girlfriend for sex, but she rejected me and said she was on her period Until it dawned on me that that wasn't possible.   She's only 7.
In America, a woman is raped every thirty seconds.. And damnit, she's getting tired of it.
The Lion in the jungle Out in the jungle A lion saw an giraffe and says: " hey you! what are you doing bro?! giraffe says "non of your business" lion: its that so? i will put your name on my notepad and I eat you later". Go again out in the jungle and saw a monkey " hey asshole whats with you?monkey says: im thinking of your mom tits. lion: its that so? i will put your name on my notepad and I eat you later". Go again out in the jungle and saw a rhino lion" hey fat ass im talking to you what you are doing ? I will put your name on my notepad and ea..rhino:" are you looking this horn? I will stuck it in your ass and i will trow you in the air with it, lion:" I will erase you from my notepad". 
What do you call a Chinese restaurant toilet with the lid down when you get really bad diarrhea? Poopoo platter. 
Three men work construction on a skyscraper The three men have all been packed the same lunch for a month straight.  The brunette opens his lunchbox "Seriously!? Pizza again? If my wife packs this one more time, I swear I'm jumping off this building"  The red head opens his too "Gah, spaghetti once more! I'm with you. I'm jumping tomorrow if it happens again"  The blonde opens up to a PBJ sandwich "Yea, same here. Count me in."  The next day arrives and all 3 men receive the same lunch, so they jump to their death. The funeral is held the next day, with the brunette and red heads' wives in tears. Both exclaiming that if they only knew, they would have packed something different and they would still be alive. The women notice the wife of the blonde, standing there and not shedding a tear.  They ask the wife of the blonde "How can you not be upset? Your husband is dead because he kept getting the same food"  The wife of the blonde replies "Don't look at me. He packed his own lunch"  Edit: Yes, so so dirty, Reddit
What's the difference between a gay guy and a freezer? A freezer doesn't fart when I pull the meat out. 
What do porn and heavy metal have in common? Both used to have a lot more hair back in the 70's and 80's
I have you know that my penis was once in the Guinness book of world records... but then the librarian yelled and told me to leave the library.
In the spirit of mother's day Roses are Red  Violets are blue  Pornhub is down  Your moms facebook will do
They've discovered King Kong was indeed heterosexual... ...it was booty that killed the beast.
Suicide Did you hear abbot the man went into a library and asked for a book on how to commit suicide. The librarian said: "Fuck off, you won't bring it back."
What's it called when you have sex early in the day after a funeral? Mourning Sex. 
In which format do child molesters store their kiddy porn? Paedo-files
Where are male pornstars buried?   Deadwood.
I've got a big dick No, you've read that correctly
What did the buffalo call his gay kid? His BiSon.
First Blowjob A man walks into a bar downtrodden but well dressed.   He asks the bartender for six shots. "OK if that's what you want"   He then asks the bartender for another six shots and this time   The bartender asks, "Why? Why so much?"   The man shook his head and said "First blowjob today."   "Well that's great, why so sad?," said the bartender.   "I just can't get this taste out of my mouth" 
A black man walks into the doctors with a fancy parrot in his shoulder The doctor says "what a magnificent creature, where did you get that?"  The parrot replies "Africa there's millions of them"
Hillary will be the most transparent president ever... ... because she will have every state secret sitting on an insecure server in her basement.  hahahaha *cry*
A truck carrying semen samples got into an accident... and lost it's load
Pizza is like sex If you're going to use barbecue sauce, you need to know what you're doing.
How do you circumsise a redneck Kick his sister's chin
Sex. Yes, it's a short joke.
Why don't OSHA inspectors watch porn? It's Not Safe For Work.
Today I was walking past a car filled with black people and they locked the door when I got close. I felt like a badass until I realized that it was my car.
my Doctor told me i have to stop masturbating... ...because he cant concentrate             i heard this a few years ago its probably been posted before but its pretty funny so enjoy :)
Why was the unemployed Nazi so depressed? Because no one would heil him. 
Hitler has heard that the Americans have liberated Normandy Hitler: It's over Eva. Everything's a disaster. We might as well call this Disaster Day.  Eva: Why not just call it D-Day?
My father found the cure for gonorrhea. It was under the TV guide where he left it.
Russian joke: solution to Chinese overpopulation.  The Chinese Government asked for help in curbing population growth. The Europeans, Americans and Japanese all offered the latest developments in birth control, but they were all too slow and expensive. The Russians offered to do it for free and in an instant, and won the contract. They sent a number of Russian Army officers, who gathered up a line of 100 million Chinese males. Officers: "Ten-hut! Put down your pants!" Without hesitation, the men drop trou. Officers: Turn to your right!" The Chinese do in perfect unison. One junior officer mutters, "Wish I could get just 10 Russian rookies to do a right-face like that..." Officers: "Bend down and take your neighbour's balls in your mouth!" Again, they obey without hesitation. Then a soldier came to one end of the line, and kicked the first Chinese in the balls. The sound of "Chomp, chomp, chomp..." receded in the distance... 
A Gay Couple &amp; Lesbian Couple Are Driving to California. Who Gets there First? The lesbian couple.  They are going to be gone lickity split, while the gay couple is still at home packing their shit.
Penis It's an insideher joke
What is the difference between feminists and Nazis? One group has a purpose and lots of support and the other is full of nagging women.
Damn, you are so savage... Andrew Jackson made you walk the Trail of Tears!
I can't stand when guys complain about their girlfriends giving shitty hand jobs I see where they're coming from, but something about it just rubs me the wrong way
What do you call a bunch of male pornstars on a flight together? Snakes on a plane.
What is Hitler's favourite type of pizza? The Hollow Crust.
The other day I walked in on my Grandmother sucking my Grandfathers dick Found her lost teeth.
Condoms. I can't wrap my head around them.
What do you call an oval with a speech impediment? An Elipshhh
A redneck's father passed away in his sleep So in the morning, he calls 911 to come pick up the body.   The 911 operator told him that she would send someone out right away.  "Where do you live?" asked the operator.  He replied, "At the end of Eucalyptus Drive."  The operator asked, "Can you spell that for me?  There was a long pause and finally he said, "How 'bout if I drag him over to Oak Street and you pick him up there?"
What's the official title for the Poopsmith's boss? We feel like we have the best two answers, and there's disagreement over who's is best.  
I like my women like i like my toilet paper. Soft, but not weak. 
My doctor told me to avoid trans fats. I'm really gonna miss Tumblr.
Jake was masturbating Jake sat in his room and read a porno-magazine. His little sister came in.  She pointed at a dick in the magazine and asked what it was. Jake said: "uhh.. It's..It's a Swan!" . Then she pointed at the balls. "And those?". Jake answered and said "Oh, those are the swans eggs!". "And whats all around?" His sister continued asking. "Thats  the swans nest!"  They finnish the conversation and the  next day when Jake wakes up, he feels a pain at his dick.   Jakes sister comes in and is very upset, telling him: "Jake  I patted your swan tonight, but it spat on me so I broke it's neck, crushed the eggs and set fire to the nest!!"
I hate when a girl says the wrong name during sex They know my name isnt Someone Help
A church father was riding a horse... Or was it the child?  A church father was riding a child...
David Cameron: Tax evasion is morally wrong, I leaned that from my father. The tax evasion bit, not the morally wrong bit.
Have you ever smelled mothballs before? &gt;Well, yeah.  Really? How did you get their little legs apart?
How do you say 'Toilet' in Japanese? Dump-ring. 
I will never forget the last words my farther said before he kicked the bucket... "Hey, how far do you think I can kick this bucket?"   edit: How do I get rid of this "dirty" tag?
What's the difference between Trump and a pile of poop? A pile of poop is naturally brown.
As a quiet and skinny person, I feel like we should charge loud and fat people more to ride the subway. It won't be difficult to implement either. All we would need to do is charge them by volume. 
How many New Yorkers does it take to screw in a light-bulb? "Go fuck yourself!"
The man with a tiny penis A man had an extremely small penis he was very ashamed of. Fortunately for him, he found a lovely woman that he eventually decided to marry and make his wife.  On their wedding night, he whispered to his new bride that it turned him on to have the room in complete darkness. In the dark, they messed around for a bit before the man pulled out a decent-sized dildo and used it on his wife.  This ritual continued every night for 30 years.  On their 30-year anniversary, tired of having sex in the dark, the man's wife begged the man to let her turn the lights on just for the night while they had sex. The man completely refused. While fooling around in the dark, just as the man brought out the dildo and was about to use it on his wife, she reached out and turned the bedside lamp on, her eyes widening in shock at the sight of the sex toy.  "HOW DARE YOU?? So for 30 years you have lied to me?? You betrayed me and my trust!"  The man calmly looked at his wife,  "Oh yeah? Then how do you explain our two kids?"
Muslims were the ones that invented the condom. Muslim's were the ones that invented the condom. This was well before plastics so they used goat intestines. Then the British came along and stole the idea from the Muslims and improved it by removing the intestines from the goat.
Why do people like amputee porn? It fucking stumps me.
Working out is like sex It's the best way to make your family larger. 
The best thing about gay bars is that if someone turns their back to you it's not necessarily a bad thing
What do you call a gay Jew? He-blew
What's the difference between a microwave and anal sex? A microwave won't brown your meat!!!
What do you call a mother who lies about being a father? transparent 
You know why no one ever flunks out of Porn School? Everyone has to take a "D" on the final exam.
What was the best magic trick Osama Bin Laden ever pulled? He made the World Trade Center disappear.
How many activists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, because they can't change anything.
Why are ISIS so safety conscientious and choose to use donkeys instead of vehicles for transportation? vehicle tail pipes will burn your ass bad
So someone asked me to explain my Irritable Bowel Syndrome to them the other day... I told them it's constipated.  EDIT: Not getting much love. i guess this joke is pretty shitty.
Why was Hitler bad at giving directions? Because three reichs don't make a left.
Why do SJW Women close their eyes during sex? They can't stand seeing a man have a good time.
A Man goes to his Doctor and says........ "Doctor I need help, I've just been raped by an elephant!" "Oh my" says the Doctor. "I'd better take a look and see." So the man strips down and the Doctor examines him and sure enough his arsehole has been hugely stretched and seems to be about 12 inches wide.  "This is serious, says the Doctor, but I'm confused. I thought that an elephants penis was long, but thin." "Yes that's true." Replied the man............................ "But the bastard fingered me first!"
TIL you don't throw a cocktail party... And ask them to bring shrimp on the way.
A friend of mine told me she lost her virginity when the plane hit the first tower... Can you fucking believe that?
What type of wine does a gay connoisseur love? Pinos.
My penis is referred to by the female market as... The sperm whale
As many of you may have heard, I, Steven Hawking, have recently aquired a newly operational body. With my newfound movement and speech abilities, I plan to continue giving the world as many contributions to science as I can. But first things first, jesus christ, FUCK SCIENCE, I can finally feel my dick again, and I'm lookin for a smokin hot piece of ass to FUCK FUCK FUCK!!!
New Sex Position called Raging bull... [NSFW] 1st get your girl in doggy style and slide in real deep.  Now lean forward and wrap your arms around her real deep.  Now here's the bull part, bring your lips near her ear and whisper another girl's name and see how long you can stay on. Good luck. 
Love is like a fart. If you have to force it, it's probably shit.
Why do strippers look better in the club than outside the club? Black lights matter.
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend? He wipes
A woman was dumped by a trangender individual right after their gender-reassignment surgery. She said "I'm just not the man you need me to be anymore."
I would tell you about my penis... But its a long story
nsfw Why did the gay have sex with the lesbian? To get back at her girlfriend. 
I was about to have drunken sex with a prostitute. I fumbled around with the condom for so long that the she took it out of my hands, somewhat frustrated, and said, "Do you want me to put it on for you?"  "Yes please," I winked.  "OK." she said, "But you're going to have to get me erect first." 
What's the first thing the cannibal did after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped.
Women who like facials must be a myth. At least, I've never cum across one.
What does a pornstar use to build a wall? With Sement
An American, a German, and a Chinese man were all arguing over their drinks about whose country was the best. An American, a German, and a Chinese man were all arguing over their drinks about whose country was the best.  The American started things off. "America invented the atomic bomb, discovered DNA, made the Internet, and went to the Moon. Without us, none of those things would have happened."  "Bah!" said the German. "Without us, you would be nothing! We Germans discovered nuclear fission that you needed for your bombs, discovered microbes were what made you sick, developed the theory of relativity, and pioneered the rockets and missiles that took you to the Moon."  "Pah," says the Chinese man. "When you were just barbarians herding goats, we in China invented paper, the printing press, gunpowder, and the compass, without which you would all be lost."  "Sure," replied the American, "But what have you done lately?"
Have you heard that joke about pussy? I would tell it, but I don't get it.
So, I walk in on daughter masturbating with a carrot. I shout, "Fuck! Seriously? I was going to eat that later, and now it's just going to taste like carrots!"
Got an IPad from my black friend...  And it runs faster.
Ever had sex while camping? It's fucking in-tents
Instead of washing your hands after going to the toilet Just give your cock a good clean in the morning.  Badly remembered Jimmy Carr joke.
Why was Hitler hit in the face by a tennis ball He could Nazi it
I went to a disco last night (variation) The DJ said, "Sing with me". I sang with him.   The DJ said, "Put your hands together". I put my hands together while singing along.    The DJ said, "Come on everyone". I was thrown out of the Disco. 
How can you tell if your best friend his gay? His dick tastes like shit. 
What do you call a Totalitarian ass who remixes other people's speeches? D.J. T-Rump
How to get fucked up in bakery? Get creampied.
Three guys go to hell. A fat guy, a sex addict, and a pothead... Three guys go to hell. A fat guy, a sex addict, and a pothead.  The devil goes up to these guys and says - listen, I'm feeling nice today. I'm going to let each of you choose ONE thing and I'll lock you away in a room for a thousand years with it. The guys all look at each other in disbelief, thinking this deal is too good to be true. So the devil asks the fat guy what will it be. He responds- FOOD! the sex addict says he wants to HAVE SEX WITH WOMEN! the pothead says ill take some WEED!   So now, a thousand years goes by and the devil decides to go open these three doors. When he opens the door to the fat guy, a 6 foot wave of disgusting smelly shit and piss comes flowing out, because he gave the fat guy all this food but no toilets. He opens the door to the sex addict and he finds a guy covered in blisters and STDs because he didn't have any condoms. Now the devil gets to the last door. He opens the door to the pothead and the pothead says - YOU GOT FUCKIN A LIGHT MAN!?!
Pigeons die when they have sex... Atleast the one I fucked did.
Whats the best thing about having sex with twenty eight years olds? There's 20 of them.
How are American Police and NAZIS different? Everyone agreed even NAZIs deserved trials before they were executed. 
What does ebony porn have in common with space? Black holes. 
I was on a date with a girl at the cinema. We both put our hands into the popcorn at the same time, so to make it less awkward, I said, "Don't worry, that's not the one I masturbate with."
You know the main problem with pedophilia? Sexy kids :/
What's the difference between being hungry and horny? Where you put the cucumber.
What do you call an Asian with a penis? A cock-asian 
Little Johnny walks in on his mother in the bathtub... Little Johnny walks in on his mother in the bathtub. He asks his mother what is the big fuzzy patch below her bellybutton. She replies, "A bush."  The next day Little Johnny walks in on his father while he's in the shower. He asks, "What is that big long thing hanging between your legs?" His father replies, "It is a snake."  A few days later, Little Johnny walks in on his mother, once again in the bathtub. He asks, "What are those two baggy things hanging above your bellybutton?" She replies, "Headlights."  A couple weeks go by and the little boy walks in on his parents having sex. He yells, "Mom, turn on your headlights! The snake is crawling into your bush!"
How guys wake up In the morning Brain: "Oh f*ck." Body: "Don't get up." Dick: "THIS IS SPARTAA!!!"
The country cousin took his city cousin out to the pasture, where he talked him into having sex with one if the sheep. "Well, how was it?"  asked Country. "It was awful!" replied City. "Well, no wonder!  You picked the ugliest one!" retorted Country.
What's the difference between a bucket full of shit and a gipsy The bucket
Why is Perl Jam's new lead singer fat free? They couldn't find a Butter Man!
With the Zika virus and how much hooking up happens in the Olympic Village.. The Special Olympics are gonna be awesome in 12 to 14 years.
What do you call a cookie for prostitutes? Whoreos.
Why did the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong socks today.
How do four gay men sit comfortably if there is only one bar stool? They turn it upside down.
I tried anal for the first time last night and I hated it... Fuck that shit
A man asks his wife "Why don't you tell me when you orgasm?" She said "I don't like to call you at work".
I fart like an Egyptian pharoah... We have a toot in common.
The cucumbers are taking over my garden and trying to starve all the other vegetables out. It's a war of nutrition.
What does one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob? "If we don’t get some support, people will think we’re nuts!"
What do you call a gay man's ball sack? Mud flaps.
why do farts stink? so deaf people can enjoy them too.
I went to the library and asked if they had the book about tiny penises. The librarian said "I don't think its in yet". I said "Yes that's the one".
Did you hear about the time that /u/poem_for_your_sprog and /u/ShittyJokeExplainBot got into trouble? It was a shticky situation.  I'll show myself out.
There once was a gay bodybuilder. He was the first man to simultaneously be a member of the thousand pounds club as well as the thousand poundings club.
What did the Russian tell his nervous Socialist Dictator at the amusement park? "Quit Stalin and get on the ride!"
My girlfriend knows I love pinball, so she uses just 3 words to let me know when it's sexy time. "Lock is lit"
What is the best part about having sex with twenty two year olds? There are twenty of them!
What did the black kid get for Christmas? Your bike
My co-worker called in sick today. Says he has Anal Glaucoma. His ass didn't see coming into work.
[Esoteric] Hollywood wanted to make a screen play about ASCII but scrapped the idea. The storyline was lacking in character development.
Doctor, I need help. I have a bowel movement everyday at 7. But that's very health, Mr Johnson.  It would be but I don't wake up until 8
Why is the Democratic electoral landscape like a Moebius strip? Cause no matter what you do, there always seems to be a Clinton claiming to be "on your side" . . . 
90% of Men in Chicago have had shower sex The other 10% have never been to prison.
An Asian guy walks up to a white guy An Asian guy walks up to a white guy and asks, "Do you think all Asians look alike?"   The white guy responds, "Of course not. In fact, I'll bet I can tell exactly which country you're from just looking at you."  "Really?" The Asian guy asks. "Well, if you insist."   So the white guy looks at the Asian carefully, slowly walking around him before looking some more. After some time, he deduces that the man must be Cambodian.   "I...yes, you're exactly right. My God, how did you know?" The white guy responds, "It's right on the back of your shirt--made in Cambodia."
Who was the fattest member of Nsync? Joey Fatone
How do you know your dog is gay? When his dick tastes like your husband's ass
My father's sister really isn't fond of jews... We call her auntie-semitite
I just started volunteering at the library. We're putting on a fundraiser where we gather porn stars from all over the country and have them read as many books as they can in 60min to raise money for kids with jaundice We're calling it the Golden SHH Hour.  (OC)
Has your mom ever caught you masturbating in the closet? Great hiding spot, isn't it?
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? wiped.
Why did the two tampons not talk to each other? They were both stuck up cunts.
Virginity and candy are a lot a like. They require minimal force to take from a child.
A police man searched me in a public toilet last night.... A police man searched me in a public toilet last night and found a small bag of class A drugs.  "its not my fault", I said, "Every time I try flushing them down the toilet they magically appear back in my pocket again."  "Do you really expect me to believe that?" he said  I said, "I'll Prove it to you if you want me to!"  "Go on than." he smiled, handing me the bag.  After flushing them, he looked at me and said,  "Well, show me your pocket than."  "What for?" I asked  He said, "The drugs."  I said, "What drugs?"
Why did the redneck cross the road? Because he couldn't get his dick out of a chicken.
An ex girlfriend of mine had a Cockatoo, that fucking thing would never shut up ... but her bird was cool. 
I was diagnosed with depression, so I went off to see therapist. It didn't help at all and now my bum hurtstoo.
You sister said she had to take you socks because she has none You realize your cum socks are all gone..
Why should you never shower with a pokemon? Because he might pikachu, and he will definitely rape you if you drop the soap
What do you call 12 guys with big dicks? A hung jury
What do they call Redditting on the toilet? Snoo on the loo
Like this! How do you fuck up a joke?
How do you make a dick bigger? upvote
How do you get a women to stop having sex with you? You marry her. 
A state trooper pulls over a car for speeding ...and the female driver says "I guess you want to sell me some tickets to the Trooper's Ball?"   The trooper responds,  "Troopers don't have balls, ma'am."    After he realized what he said, he simply walked back to his car and drove away.
A man went to the register with only a box of condoms. The cashier asked 'Sir, do you want a bag?'  He replied 'No thanks, she's not that ugly'
Why does the law prohibit sex between lawyers and their clients? To prevent clients from being billed twice for what is essentially the same service. 
My girlfriend's father called me a pedophile just because she's 22 and I'm 36. Completely ruined our 10-year anniversary.
How does Hitler like his Juice? From concentrate.
How do you make someone shit easier? Make them think about Donald Trump
A Jewish boy tells his father... "Daddy, daddy, I need to borrow $20."  The father replies, "$10? What are you gonna buy for $5?"
What do laws and virgins have in common? They're both there to be violated.    (The sad part is that a Portuguese Taxi Driver actually said that seriously in a protest against Uber)
A couple of Thai girls asked if I wanted to sleep with them. They said it would be like winning the lottery. They were right, we had six matching balls.
What's the similarity between light beer and having sex in a canoe? They both increase the risk of drowning.
How do you find the circumference of a sheep? Use shepherds pi
What do you call a black man flying an airplane? The pilot you racist assholes.
What's the difference between feminists and Nazis? The Nazis had a purpose
Cheryl is very unsatisfied with the size of her breasts... Cheryl is very unsatisfied with the size of her breasts but is unable to afford the augmentation surgery. Fortunately, a friend tells her about a doctor that has developed a method for enlargement that doesn't require surgery and happens to be very affordable.   During the examination, the doctor tells her "Every morning when you wake up, rub your nipples in a counter-clockwise direction while intoning 'Ooby-dooby-dooby, I want bigger boobies' and you will grow a bust size every week."   Not having anything to lose, she begins the treatment and starts to see dramatic results! However, one morning she is running late and has to dash out of the house to catch the bus to work. Realizing she forgot to perform her morning ritual, she turns to the side and quietly intones ^'Ooby-dooby-dooby, ^I ^want ^bigger ^boobies'.  The man sitting next to her taps her on the shoulder and says, "I'm sorry, miss, but I couldn't help but overhear. You wouldn't happen to be a patient of Doctor Melnick, would you?"  A bit flustered, she admits that she is. "But how could you know that?" she asks?   With a slight grin, the man reaches down to his lap and says, "Hickory-dickory dock..."
What do anal and spinach have in common? Well, if you hated it as a kid, you're probably not gonna like it as an adult.
What do you call a gay guy who blends in really well with his straight friends? homogeneous
While explaining sexual orientations to a classmate... My classmate asks "wait, what's polyamory?"  -  I begin to explain that it's when one person can be involved in many different intimate relationships with the knowledge and consent from all of the parties involved.  When my professor overhears from the front of the class....and erupts:  -  **"That is DISGUSTING!"**  -  I begin to stutter a response when he interjects "How DARE they put a Greek prefix on a Latin root like that?! GREEK AND LATIN DO NOT FRATERNIZE!!"  ......   .....   ..  After moments of silence he quietly states "It should be poleryosy"
What's black and eats pussy? Cervical cancer.
A church father looks at a kid... .. He sees the kid playing with a bunch of kittens. He goes over and asks him what he was doing.. Promptly the kid replies, "I'm playing with Christian kittens.." feeling proud of how the kid is turning out struts away.  A week later he sees the same kid and wants to share the happiness with his congregation about how good this youth is turning out to be. He calls on kid during prayer and asks him to describe what he was doing with them kittens in front of the congregation.., the kid says "I am playing with atheist kittens.." with a smug smile. The father asks why did he say atheist kittens instead of Christian kittens like he did last week..  The kid says, "the kittens have opened their eyes.." 
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball? She gagged.
How man SUH DUDEs does it take to screw in a light bulb? None. It's already lit fam. 
I got completely sucked into a three hour documentary about a toad. It was ribbeting.
How do you tell the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer? Taste. 
I don't see why racists are upset with Harriet Tubman being on the $20 bill... They can finally legally own a black person again. 
Kim Yong Il, Stalin and Hitler have their personal hell... ...which consists of a swamp that will let you sink deeper the more lies you spread during your time as a leader.  Kim Yong Il is buried till his waist.  Stalin is buried till his chest.  Hitler is standing upright above them all, barely sunken in till his ankles with a big grin on his face.  Stalin asks: "What are you laughing, fachist?!"  Kim says: "How come you didn't sink in much?"  Hitlers grin grew from ear to ear as he sneakily said: "I'm standing on goebbles"
What do you call a white trans woman with dreadlocks? Ms. Appropriate.
What's so meta that you almost crap your pants? Metamucil
My Asian girlfriend told me there's nothing wrong with having a little penis. I still wish she didn't have one, though...
Getting married for sex... is like flying on an airplane for food. 
Did you hear about the gay man who got a job at the sperm bank? He was fired for drinking on the job.
Hooked up with a Medium at a bar last night I think phony was a fake because she didn't see me coming.
Football is like Sex your mom sucks at both
A man walks into a doctors with five penises A man walks into a doctors with five penises, I asked him: "how do you put your trousers/pants on??"  He said: "like a glove"
They say 1 out of 3 people are gay Me and my gf are having sex rn . Wbu fuckboy ?
I saw a monkey throwing feces on an environmentalist. It seems the monkey gives a shit about the environment.
What do mutiny and an orgasm have in common? A sudden surge of seamen.
We all know how difficult it is to learn English for a Japanese. The japanese prime minister was invited to USA for meeting with president Obama.the translator in japan told him when you see obama greet him "how are you"?then he will reply "I am fine, how are you? Then you say "me too".  So as planned japanese PM visits white house and greets obama but instead of how are you asks obama "who are you"? Obama gets puzzled a bit and decides to make fun of japanese He says"I am Michelle's husband."  Japanese PM immediately replies "me too".
My grandfather died in Auschwitz He fell out of a watch tower.
I was goona buy some condoms Then I remembered I can't get my dog pregnant 
How can you tell if your girlfriend is getting fat? When She fits in your wife's clothes.
What's the difference between a corn shucker with epilepsy and a whore with diarrhea? The corn shucker shucks between fits...
What does hitler say when he stubs his toe? Aushwitz
A Chinese family moved into my neighborhood when I was in high school... They had a pair of twins, named Ving and Ling, who were my age. I liked Ving, but his sister Ling was kind of a bitch. Eventually, Ling told me that he hated his name, and he wanted to change it. I asked him, "What do you want to change your name to?" and he said "Lee. You know, like Bruce Lee?" Ling overheard, and chimed in, saying that their father would disown him if he changed his name.  One day, Ving decided he had had enough. He went to town hall, with me in tow. His sister caught wind and decided to come along  to talk him out of it.   So we got the name change document, and Ving filled it out and almost turned it in, when he suddenly got choked up and realized that he couldn't go through with the name change. He told the receptionist that he wanted to cancel, and she told him that he could cancel the name change, but he'd need to pay a one-time fee of $20. Ving didn't have any money on him, but his sister did. She was about to hand him $20 when suddenly, a short, elderly Chinese man in an American flag T-shirt, ray-bans and cargo shorts entered the building. Ving stared at him in awe.  "D..Dad?" he stammered, tearfully.   With a huge smile on his face, the man ran up and embraced his son.  I'll never forget what his father said that day:  &gt; "Don't stop, be Lee, Ving.   &gt; Hold on the that fee, Ling"
Why are vietnamese hookers the best? You pay them with Dong.
When I was in school I was told: Pussy was a cat Bitch was a female dog Dick was a name Bang was a sound Rubber was an eraser Ass was an animal Screw was just a tool Head meant a part of the body Balls meant a round toy Nuts meant dry fruit 69 was just a number Mother fucker, you're a millennial. You're the same age as me and it's not like you grew up as some sheltered country bumpkin either.  Stop trying to act like your old and enjoy all the fucks, shits, and cunts you can say before you get old and have to limit what you say around your kids.
My wife is getting fatter... I noticed when her whip cream bikini turned into a one piece
If you're a guy who just had sex, what do you have? Happenis
I like my women like I like my clothesline. Strung out and tied up.
I used to give blowjobs in the early days of my professional career But I only did it to get ahead
Timmy wakes up in the morning And he feels great! He then gets ready for work and, on the way, he goes to a coffee shop. The barista tells him: "are you ok? You look terrible".  He replies, "really? But I feel great!" He then continues to work.  He arrives, and his boss asks him, "Are you ok? You look terrible".  He replies, "really? But I feel great!"   The boss says, "Maybe you still should go home. Go see a doctor."  The doctor asks him what his symptoms are. Timmy replies, "I look terrible, but I feel great!"  The doctor says, "hmmm, I think I've seen this before. Let me check my book"  "Looks bad, feels bad, no."  "Looks good, feels bad, no that's not it."  "Aha! Looks bad, feels good!"  "Timmy, you're a vagina."
Why did Matt go to the strip club? To pick up loose women. Why did Goldstein go to the strip club? To pick up loose change.  
A dick has a sad life... Its hair is a mess, its family is nuts, its neighbor is an asshole, its best friend is a pussy, and its owner beats it.
What do the English and Hitler have in common? They both hate the Polish. 
Happy Father's Day! You motherfuckers are alright!
Don't you hate it when your girlfriend yells out a different name during sex Like bitch, my name isn't "someone help"
Life is a lot like a piece of toilet paper. You're either on a roll, or you're taking shit from some asshole.
A joke is a lot like sex Neither is any good if you don't get it.
Today I masturbated 8 times! A personal record for me... In my defence Schindler's list was a long film
What do you call a gay rubber band? An elasstickle
So there's to gay guys on a plane Lets call them steve and bill Steve is sitting next to bill so steve leans over to bill and asks "wanna have sex on a plane?"  Bill looks back at steve and says "dude there's no way that I'm doing that do you know how awkward that would be, eveyone would be watching us!"  Steve replys back "look no one is even paying attention" steve stands up and yells "CAN I HAVE A PENCIL?!" No one gives a damn they're either reading, sleeping, or looking out of the window. So bill is convinced and they have sex on the plane.  Once the plane has arived at the airport the stewardess is checking the plane to make sure that everyone has gotten off and then she notices an old man who has puked all over himself he is just covered in the filth So the stewardess walks up to him and says "sir you should have asked for a bag!" And the old man replys "I wouldn't dare, I saw one man ask for a pencil and he got fucked in the ass!" 
How do you circumcise Donald Trump? Kick his Daughter in the jaw.
Did you hear about the masturbating Chinese brothers? Their names were Lo Shin and Ti Shoo
What does eatin' pussy and the mafia have in common? One slip of the tongue and your in deep shit!
What's the difference between feminists and Nazis? The Nazis shaved.
A doctor had sex with his patient A doctor had sex with one of his female patients and felt guilty all day long. No matter how much he tried to forget about it, he just couldn't. The guilt and sense of betrayal of his patient were overwhelming.   But every once in a while, he'd hear an internal, reassuring voice in his head that said: "Don't worry about it. You aren't the first medical practitioner to have sex with one of his patients and you won't be the last. And you're single. Just let it go."  But, invariably, another voice in his head would bring him back to reality, whispering, "You're a veterinarian, you sick sex fiend."
As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
I broke up with my penis, so I wrote a song... Called "So Long".
Four types of sex HOUSE SEX - When you are newly married and have sex all over the house in every room.  BEDROOM SEX - After you have been married for a while, you only have sex in the bedroom.  HALL SEX - After you've been married for many, many years you just pass each other in the hall and say "FUCK YOU"  COURTROOM SEX - When your wife and her lawyer fuck you in the divorce court in front of many people for every penny you've got.
Met a woman with 12 boobs last night... Sounds unbelievable dozen tit
Long joke There where 2 builders placing cement blocks to build a house. They where like 5 m above ground on a scaffolding and a cement block slipped from the hands of a builder, " falling rocks" shouted the builder and a well suited man looked up and dodged the block, the builder went down to check on the well suited man and apologised but the man instead gave him $20 as a reward for saving his life. When he climbed back the other builder ( who had a speech impedement ) told him " I I should tttry it so i can get mmoney" in the mean time another well suited man was going to pass under the scaffolding and the builder with the impedement threw the cement block and shouted " ffffuck he's dead".
Yo mama so fat... Yo mama's so fat she creates gravitational waves so strong they tamper with physicists experiments..
I'm not racist. I have black people in my family tree, They're still hanging there.
I just dumped a pair of conjoined twins. I said, "It's not you, it's you."
Do you know the age old saying of bisexual girls? A dick in the hand is worth more than two boobs and a bush. 
What is a robots favorite sex position? 1000101
Have you ever smelled Moth Balls? How'd you get their little legs apart?
What was Hitler's best attribute as a student? Concentration
What is Hitler's favourite animal? Adolphin
An elderly couple were at home An elderly couple were at home watching TV. Phil had the remote and was switching back and forth between a fishing channel and the porn channel. Sally became more and more annoyed and finally said, "For God's sake, Phil... leave it on the porn channel... you know how to fish!"
Transvestites They've got some balls 
What's the square root of -1 SUCK MY DICK! An imaginary blow job.   I get those all the time, my wife's particularly fond of offering that. Hands over a tube of lotion and says, 'here, you work the problem out.'   Never thought when I married a math teacher I'd wind up in her class too!
Porn stars are not really stealthy... You always hear them coming.
I was in a portable toilet establishment there was no silverware.
Butt-sex is a lot like spinach... If you're forced to have it as a child, you won't enjoy it as an adult.   -Daniel Tosh
Why was hitler bad with directions? Because three reichs don't make a left.
4 gay men go to a bar, theres not enough seats So they flip the stool over
How many Persona fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two. 1 to screw it in, and 1 to complain that it's not dark enough.
Did you know that when you say the word "poop", your mouth does the same motion as your butthole? The same goes for the phrase, "explosive diarrhoeeeeeaaa"!
What do you call a constipated Benedict Cumberbatch? No Shit Sherlock
How many porn-stars can screw in light bulbs? None. Porn-stars cant fit in light bulbs.
I can't see my Dad now he's had a sex change He's trans-parent 
Why did hitler suicide? Because he saw the gas expense
What's the difference between a oral and rectal thermometer The taste.
Entering Area 51 US soldier: - Sir, this is secret teritory and you don't have permission to... - me - Where the fuck are you running, Pikachu?!
Why is a horny walrus the same as a Tupperware enthusiast? They're both looking for a tight seal
I was in a masturbating competition... I came 1st twice!
Why does Richard have a small dick? Because Dick is short for Richard.
I met a girl who said she orgasmed every time she sneezed I asked her what she took for that.  She said usually pollen or ragweed
So a Chinese man saves a lost dog from a tree He ends up getting praise for being a good Samaritan and he decides to take the dog home with him.   Later that night, the dog's owner found the Chinese man's house, knocks on the door and says "Thank you for saving my dog, where is he?"   The Chinese man says "On the dinner table."
God doesn't normally poop, but when he does..... Holy shit.
Honey, the broken condoms are on the couch again. I thought we were calling the kids by their names now dear.
What happened to the alligator who had sex It got gatoraids!
What did the gay guy change his name to? Roy G. Biv
Why can't the shepherd remember how many he had sex with? --- he keeps falling asleep when he counts.
What do you get. . . If you crush a hundred rednecks to death in a car crushing machine?  An erection.
S &amp; M me and the wife are in the s &amp; m stage of our marriage. she Sleeps, i Masturbate
What is the useless flesh around a vagina called? A woman.
I got caught fapping.. while sniffing the underwear of my friends mother.  It wouldn't have been so bad if she wasn't wearing them at the time.  He went fucking ballistic.  Sure as hell made the rest of her funeral really awkward for the both of us. 
What's the difference between a loaded gun and a penis? Kids don't cry when a loaded gun goes off in their mouth.  credits to /u/_lady_deadpool_ from some askreddit thread
Melania's speech writer is going to be out of a job soon because she will be moving out of The White House in January.
I'm trying to tell fewer dick jokes But it's really hard
Gay couple A gay man comes back home to find his partner in the bath and bits of shit floating around. Horrified, he asks: what are you doing? To that his partner says 'I'm playing with the babies'
How did Hitler tie his shoelaces? In little Nazis
Today I heard someone say only gay people could get aids And that's just ignorant black people can too.
COLONOSCOPY I was feeling nervous, and embarrassed about my upcoming colonoscopy.  On a recommendation, I decided to have it done while visiting friends in San Francisco. I was convinced that the beautiful nurses were allegedly more gentle and accommodating there.  As I lay naked on my side on the table, the gorgeous nurse began my procedure.  "Don't worry, at this stage of the procedure it's quite normal to get an erection," the nurse told me.  "I haven't got an erection," I replied.  "No, but I have," replied the nurse.    
My wife is like Pokemon Soon as I throw out my balls she runs off.
Having a one night stand with a beautiful woman (NSFW) and she says, "Give me 9 inches and hurt me." So I fucked her 3 times and I slapped her.
How are two gay guys who are perfect for each other similar to an Ancient Chinese Emperor? They both had a mandate from heaven.
What is a Fecalpheliac's favorite time of day? Ate Turdy
What did one boob say to the other boob? You're my breast friend 
Shipwreck Porn My favourite type of porn is Shipwreck Porn. The captain always goes down and the women and children get off first.    
Racist joke NSFW: What do you say to a black man in a suit? "Will the defendant please rise"
On sex, Confucius say: "Couple who have sex on side of hill, not level"
I'm the weakest in my Asian family They call me weak-Ling
How does a black girl know shes pregnant? When all the cotton is picked off her tampon. 
Why do gay men have good fashion sense? Because of all the time they spent in the closet 
What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator... A refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
I just lost my virginity! And so did my 6-year old sister.
My ex-wife is like a tornado First she blows, then she sucks, then she took my house and dog.
My cock was actually in the Guinness Book of World Records once. But it really pissed off the librarian and she kicked me out.
[Dirty] [nsfw] A teenage boy wants to have sex with his gf A teenage boy wants to have sex with is girlfriend, but he has a bunk bed with his little brother. The older brother has the top bunk. He tells his girlfriend "When you want me to go harder, say 'lettuce.' If you want me to go faster, say 'tomato.' The girl moans "Lettuce, Lettuce, Tomato, Lettuce!" The younger brother exclaims "Would you guys stop making sandwiches?! You're getting mayonnaise all over me!" 
You can't choose who your father is But you can choose who's your daddy
[Spoilers] What do gay dogs eat? Ramsay's dick
(this joke is fucked)whats the difference between a baby and a water melon? When u eat a water melon you leave the skin 
I have electrified a clickbait journalist's toilet. Number 2 will shock them.
Baby Vagina Coworker: "Do you know what baby vagina smells like?" Me: "No, what?" Coworker: Proceeds to blow in my face 
What's Hitler's least favorite month? Jewn
Who do you call a stupid whore? Your mother, that is who i call a stupid whore
Why were birth rates low in 1970? You can't get pregnant during '69.
What's the difference between 'your mum' and 'knock knock' jokes? A door doesn't let you come inside.
What has no legs, nor arms, but sucks a mean dick? A vacuum cleaner.
What's the difference between a Catholic priest and acne? Acne doesn't come on your face till your 12 or so...﻿
Bruce willis was found dead next to a bottle of viagra I guess you could say he died hard
Why was the man accused of sexual harassment never arrested? He was a policeman
My love is like a candle... Because if you forget about me I will burn your fucking house to the ground. 
Girl: "My first time having sex was a lot like the 100 metre dash..." Boy: "What, over in ten seconds?"  Girl: "No, eight black men and a gun."
My sexual experimentation hasn't stood up to meta analysis... It wasn't double blinded and gagged
What is the most popular baked good in the porn industry? Pound cake
I have the cock of a porn star... I keep it in my refrigerator.
My best friend got mad when he caught me sniffing his sister's panties. It probably didn't help that she was still wearing them, or that his whole family was there too.   It made the rest of his sister's funeral really awkward...
My grandfather's final words before he kicked the bucket were... "I'm gonna kick this bucket!"
What does a gay guy say in church? Aaaaaahhhhh-men
My girlfriend of 6 years broke up with me on the grounds that I'm an "emotionally stunted, unfeeling, uncaring piece of shit". I don't know how I feel about this.
Getting gilded is like losing your virginity I have yet to experience it...  Edit: Thank you, abcriminal, for the gold. It was a worthy experience.
Stop calling Donald Trump "Hitler" Really, Hitler doesn't deserve to be slandered like that!
What did the moose say after leaving the gay bar? "Man, I blew like 50 bucks in there."
I just bought a tent with a toilet in it Shit's intense
Girl, are you my brake pads and rotors? Because I'd like to grind on you until you groan loudly and I have to replace you.
Why did the hen win a Wild West duel between it and a Peacock? Hen shot first.
What do you call a group of transsexual surfers? The radical left.
My friend used my stereo and it sounds like crap now I can't forgive its infidelity
A bird just landed on Bernie Sanders' podium during a speech It's a shame it was just a bird and not 800 delegates
I told my girlfriend to make a sextape together. She agreed. It became a vine
What do you call a crush on a fat person? An inFATuation
Bad luck today, I have a bout of food poisioning AND I dropped my Galaxy Note 7 in the toilet by mistake :( Talk about explosive diarrhea. 
Do you remember the "Hold a coke with your boobs" challenge ? It was a trend a while back to promote awareness for breast cancer.   I'm just glad a similar stunt wasn't pulled for prostate cancer.
Dave goes to the doctor for some sex advice He goes to the doctor and says, "Look, I just can't bring my wife to orgasm in bed, it's a real problem."  The doctor says, "Well, is it too warm?"  "Yes, it's absolutely sweltering"  "Then get some air-con"  "I can't afford air-con, I'm too poor"  "Well, Dave, do you have a good mate?"  "Yeah, I've got a mate Mick"  "Well, ask your mate Mick to stand over you and the mrs with a towel, wafting you both to cool you down, that might help."  So, Dave asks Mick for this favour, who then agrees to help him. That night, Dave is in bed with his wife, pounding away with Mick fanning them with the towel but it's doing nothing for her.  Dave says, "Well this isn't working, let's swap." So Dave takes the towel and starts wafting Mick, who is now shagging Dave's mrs. Not long after, Dave's wife goes "Oooh... oh that's it, I'm about to cum, I'm going to cum!"  Dave shouts, triumphantly, "You see, Mick?! That's how you waft a fucking towel!"
Why couldn't hitler go to the barbecue He burnt the franks
What did the tampon say to the vagina? Let's get some *fresh* material in here.
What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip.
Toilet humour isn't funny It's just crap.
Sex and Overwatch Last night after having Sex my girlfriend asked me whether I think that I have played too much Overwatch recently. I asked her why she asks that?  She told me: " Well when you came in my face you started screaming JUSTICE RAINS FROM ABOVE!"
What do niggers and twinkies have in common? You have to un-rap them before you can get to their delicious Kareem filling.
What do you call multiple beavers congregated in one area? A snatch...
She have to calm down. Wife: You have got to stop using words that you don't know the meaning of when we are arguing!  Me: Honey, stop over-ejaculating  Wife: GET OUT
What does a gladiator say when leaving after a sexual embrace with a woman? Gladiator out
My sister invited a few friends over and they were playing Truth or Dare. I listened from around the corner, being the nosy brother that I am. It was my sister's turn and she chose "Truth". I listened on intently.  One of her friends giggled and said, "When was the last time you had an orgasm?"  My sister thought for a few seconds and said, "It was a week ago."  Then I burst into the room and shouted, "I knew you faked it last night!"
What's good on pizza, but not on dick? Cheese
What Do You Call a Reptile That Poops A Lot? A turd-le.
A guy goes to the store to buy condoms A guy goes to the store to buy condoms, "Do you want a bag?" the cashier asks, "No" the guy says, "she's not that ugly"
what's the difference between oral and anal sex? Good oral can make your whole day, good anal makes your hole weak.
Why are Japanese peoples eyes so squinted? Do you even know how bright an atomic bomb is? 
Why does Santa have such a big sack? He only comes once a year.
What do you call cum after dinner? Jizzert
My wife and I have been seeing a counselor for our sex life, and things have really been improving. We take turns on her.
A man came up to my cash register. He put a gun to my head and shouted, "Don't do anything smart."  "O-o-ok." I stuttered.  He said, "Open the cash register!"  I said, "I don't know how to."  He said, "Don't be stupid."  I said, "Fucking hell, make your mind up."
Why are condoms and bungee-jumping similar? You're screwed if the rubber breaks.
[NSFW] Did I ever tell you guys about my idea for a line of sex toys marketed towards sleazy women? I'm calling it "Toys for Thots."
People act surprised when I tell them my grandfather survived the holocaust. Most of the guards survived didn't they?
My girlfriend is an English major. She loves when my dangling modifier is between her open parentheses right before the climax.
What do you call a plane's vagina? A cock pit
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker and a prostitute with diarrhea? One shucks between fits.
What is it called when Anakin licks Padme's Butt? An outer-rim job
Why do snakes have no balls? Cause they would look like dicks.
A girl comes out of Sherlock's office as Watson comes in...he thinks they had sex. "That girl was in college wasn't she?"  "Elementary, my dear Watson"
So Donald Trump was born the day after Hitler died... *Cough* *Cough* Smells like reincarnation
Why are gay men so well dressed? Well they didn't spend all that time in the closet for nothing.
Paychecks are like dicks... Although you don't go around comparing yours to other peoples, you always hope it's a little bigger.
I saw a woman breastfeeding her baby on the bus today... And the lady beside me started freaking out.   In retrospect, it probably wasn't the best time for a wank.
ORAL SEX At this stage of our marriage, me and the wife only practice oral sex. Whenever we pass each other, we both say , 'fuck you.'
Had to get a colonoscopy today It was a real pain the ass. 
What is the easiest way to know if a rabbit is homosexual? His carrot smells like shit
sex while camping? Now that's fucking in tents. 
Did you hear about how they spotted a Nazi in the sea? It's okay, it's just adolfin
NSFW The Voodoo Dick. A man married to a nymphomaniac is going on a business trip, and he is worried his wife is going to cheat on him. So he decides to buy her a toy in the hopes of keeping her satisfied until he gets back. He goes to the neighborhood sex shop and explains his situation the the store owner. The owner groans with understanding and steps into the back room, and come back with a black box tied with a black bow. He explains to the man that this is the voodoo dick, a cursed dildo that will fuck anything you tell it to mercilessly. He explains that you just call out to the dildo by its name "Voodoo Dick" and tell it what to fuck. The man scoffs and laughs at the store owner. The store owner smiles and simply says "Voodoo dick, doorknob". The bow slid itself undone, and the lip came off the box as a black dildo hovered out of the box for a moment and launched itself at the doorknob of the front door. It the proceeded to plow the doorknob through the door. As the man stood slack jawed the store owner said "Voodoo Dick, return" and the dildo went back into its box, and the owner asked if that would be cash or charge?  As the man was leaving for his trip he presented the black box to this wife and told her that this toy would satisfy her until he was able to get home and told her to just call it by name, tell it what to fuck, and she would not be disappointing. Within a day the wife was itching to feel a cock inside her and pulled out the black box. She giggled at the thought but commanded "Voodoo Dick, my pussy" Much to her amazement the dildo rose out of the box and plunged itself deep into her. Within a minute she was curling her toes and spasming with sheer ecstasy. Instantly in love, she shouts Yes, Yes, just like that! The voodoo dick keeps going and before she knows it she is having multiple orgasms, one after another. After about an hour she decides to take a rest, but as she goes to pull the Voodoo Dick out of her, it pulled against her. Easily overpowering her, and continuing to fuck her hard and deep. She realizes that she doesn't know how to make it stop, and before long panic starts setting in. She decides she has to get to the hospital for help. She makes her way out of the house and into her car stopping every few steps in the midst of a body shaking orgasm. She gets on the road and makes her way towards the hospital shivering every second. It is not long before A police officer sees her swerving on the road and quickly pulls her over. As he approaches the car he finds a panicked and moaning woman gasping between moans that a magic voodoo dick her husband got her won't stoop fucking her. The cop laughs and says "Voodoo Dick, my ass!"
Why was Michelangelo banned from bukakke porn? Cuz he could never paint dat mouth right
How many muslims does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Sorry comments are unavailable on this joke.
There was a gay man from Scoon Who took a lesbian up to his room,   They sat on the bed,   Then each of them said:   "Now who does what and with which and to whom?"
Why don't pads like tampons?... Because they're stuck up bitches.
NSFW What do you say when you meet a German virgin for the first time? Guden Tight
Why do women have boobs? So you got something to look at while you're talking to them. - Thanks Peter Griffin
Why are no murders solved in West Virginia? Everyone has the same DNA and no one has any teeth.
Why can't Chinese have Caucasian children? Because two Wongs don't make a white.
what amusement park ride do jews not really care for? the holocuaster
A man farts in public in a small city... He is so embarrassed that he leaves the city. 10 years later he thinks well, it has been a long time and nobody remembers what I did... It's time to go back home. He is back and meets a kid. Asks him how old he is. The kid answers I don't know but everybody says that I was born the same year Joe farted.
What does Hitler do to his one-night stands? Blitz it and quit it.
I told my parents that I lost my virginity. Which they didn't take well, considering they're Catholics.  They sat me down and said, "You must beg to God for forgiveness."  So I got down on my knees and said, "God, I've done enough kneeling today, please forgive me!"
My grandfather's dying wish was to be pushed in front of a steam train. When it finally happened, he was chuffed to bits. 
Your mother is so fat.... she sat on walmart and lowered the prices
Why do happy Asians always have dirty hands? "If you're happy and you know it, crap your hands."
I just found out I'm going to be a father!!! My wife will be pretty mad when she finds out. 
Why do soldiers always flush the toilet? They always take care of their duty.
Fish Balls for dinner. A guy visits his girlfriend on the farm for the weekend, and at dinner compliments her mother on the lovely fish balls she prepared for them.   The girlfriend pokes him in the ribs, and whispers in his ear. " Eat with the other hand, it's not fish balls.... It's Meatballs. " !!!
A man doing market research knocked on a door and was greeted by a young woman. A man doing market research knocked on a door and was greeted by a young woman with three small children running around at her feet.  He said, "I'm doing some research for Vaseline. Have you ever used the product?"  She said, "Yes. My husband and I use it all the time."  "If you don't mind me asking, what do you use it for?"  "We use it for sex."  The researcher was a little taken aback.  He said, "Usually people lie to me and say that they use it on a child's bicycle chain or to help with a gate hinge. But, in fact, I know that most people do use it for sex. I admire you for your honesty. Since you've been frank so far, can you tell me exactly how you use it for sex?"  The woman said, "I don't mind telling you at all. My husband and I put it on the door knob and it keeps the kids out." 
A nazi walks into a juice store and asks for some juice The owner says, sorry, we got no juice
What does a room full of White People say to the one black man. We the jury find the Defendant. 
I have sexdaily I mean dyslexia fcuk
Why you shouldn't masturbate Dad: Son, you shouldn't masturbate otherwise you'll go blind.  Son: Dad, I'm over here...
What do you call a Chinese guy with a large penis? Hung Kong.
This joke is missing a climax Just like your girlfriend.
That Dress Looks Becoming On You If I was on you, I'd be coming too.
Man and his wife are trying to spice up their marriage So the husband comes home with a packet of flavoured condoms. He says to his wife;    "We'll play a game. I'll turn the light off, I'll put on the condom and you try and guess the flavour".   His wife goes down on him and after a few moments she calls out, "Cheese and Onion" as the husband responds,   "I've not put it on yet"
10 Husbands, Still a Virgin A lawyer married a woman who had previously divorced ten husbands.   On their wedding night, she told her new husband, "Please be gentle, I'm still a virgin."   "What?" said the puzzled groom.   "How can that be if you've been married ten times?"   "Well, Husband #1 was a sales representative: he kept telling me how great it was going to be.   Husband #2 was in software services: he was never really sure how it was supposed to function, but he said he'd look into it and get back to me.   Husband #3 was from field services: he said everything checked out diagnostically but he just couldn't get the system up.   Husband #4 was in telemarketing: even though he knew he had the order, he didn't know when he would be able to deliver.   Husband #5 was an engineer: he understood the basic process but wanted three years to research, implement, and design a new state-of-the-art method.  Husband #6 was from finance and administration: he thought he knew how, but he wasn't sure whether it was his job or not.   Husband #7 was in marketing: although he had a nice product, he was never sure how to position it.   Husband #8 was a psychologist: all he ever did was talk about it.   Husband #9 was a gynecologist: all he did was look at it.   Husband #10 was a stamp collector: all he ever did was... God! I miss him! But now that I've married you, I'm really excited!"   "Good," said the new husband, "but, why?"   "You're a lawyer. This time I know I'm gonna get screwed!"
I lived in Chinatown for a while. My Chinese friends always played jokes on me. ..I'm so tired of pee-pee in my Coke! It tastes horrible! 
Your balls are so small... Scientists thought they discovered a new atom. 
What’s the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms? One’s a Goodyear. The other’s a **great** year.
How do you endanger the fly species? Slap an African child.
Why father cheats mom? Why father cheats mom?
A bear goes into a bar he sits down and immediately mauls to death and devours the woman on the stool next to him. he then calmly orders a beer bartender: "sorry, we don't serve drug users in here" bear: "but I don't do drugs" bartender: "what about that barbitchyouate"
What do you call a castrated Chinese? A clementine
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms? Ones a goodyear and the others a great year.
What do broccoli and anal sex have in common? If you were forced to have either as a child, you probably don't like it as an adult.
A man walks into a watch and clock store, unzips his trousers, and... ...slaps his cock on the counter. The woman behind the counter doesn't bat an eyelid. She looks him straight in the eye and says "Put that away, sir, this is a clock shop-- not a cock shop!" "Well," replies the man, "Why don't you put two hands and a face on it?"
They say you are what you eat. Now you know why Donald Trump is a dick.
A white guy, Chinese guy, and a black guy die and go to hell Satan is standing there with a grin on his fsce. The three guys are scared, begging to be let go.  Satan says, "I'll make you a deal. If I grab your cock and balls and they don't explode, I'll let you out of hell."  The guys take the challenge.  Satan grabs the white guy's family jewels. He screams in pain. BOOM his cock and balls explode. "You're doomed to hell".  Satan grabs the Chinese guy's lower package. In the same fashion his stuff explodes. "You're doomed to hell".  The black guy walks up to Satan with a massive grin. Satan grabs the black guy's cock. Nothing happens. Satan frustrated he tries again. Still nothing. "What's going on", Satan questions.  "Chocolate melts in your mouth, not your hands".
What does Hitler call a stomach ache? Mein Cramps
Why does the Avon lady walk funny? Because her lips stick
What's Eminem's favourite vegetable? Bitch, peas.
My dad always warned me about anal sex He said son this is gonna hurt 
Why is semen white and urine yellow? So a guy can tell whether he's coming or going.
What does a Greek man with a speech impediment say after being burgaled? "Stop those damn Thebes!"
Three gay men are mourning the death of their lover They are sitting in a restaurant, trying to decide on funeral arrangements.   The first man says, "Steve loved the ocean. We should cremate him and scatter his ashes on the Bay."   The second man says, "Steve loved the Redwood Forest even more. We should scatter his ashes there."   The third man says, "I think we should put his ashes in a nice bowl of spicy chili so he can tear up our assholes one more time."
A Jewish man and a Chinese man strike up a conversation... Before long they're arguing...  Jewish man: "You know what? I hate you."  Chinese man: "For what?"  Jewish man: "Pearl Harbor!"  Chinese man: "That was the Japanese! I'm Chinese!"  Jewish man: "eh, Japanese, Chinese what's the difference?"  Chinese man: "Well, you kow what? I hate you."  Jewish man: "For what?!?"  Chinese man: "The Titanic!"  Jewish man: "An iceberg sunk the Tatanic!"  Chinese man: "eh, Iceberg, Goldberg, what's the difference?"
So a black man walks into a bar... Hes blind and in a jail cell
What's the difference between a condom and a parachute? Well when condom fails a life comes, when parachute fails a life goes. 
Q: What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%? Q: What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%?  A: Her wedding cake.
What does Speedy Gonzalez keep under his carpet? Underlay! Underlay!
What do pedophile sex-tourists and napalm have in common? They can both strip a Vietnamese orphan in under a minute.
What are the best kinds of speedbumps? Orphan shaped ones.
Why do they have sex ed and drivers ed on different days in Mexico? Because they need to give the donkey a break.
TIL that 4/20 is Hitler's birthday. The jews definitely got baked today.
Holiday sex is the best sex ever..... That was the hardest postcard from my wife to read!
Did you know that the Shitzu and Bulldog breeds can never crossbreed ever? Just kidding, that's bullshit.
What do racists say during sex? "Hard R! HARD R!" 
A koala bear was in the mood for some oral sex... so he hired a prostitute.  She took him to her room, and opened her legs, and let him go to town.  After a while, the koala bear jumped up, and started to waddle out the room.  "Honey, aren't you forgetting something?" the girl asks him.  "What do you mean?"  "Well, honey, I'm a prostitute... you know what that means, don't  you?"  "No idea."  "Here, in the dictionary- Prostitute- is paid for sex."  He smiled, as he donned his hat and said- "Look up Koala Bear while your at it, honey..."  Koala Bear- Eats bush and leaves.
I can't stop making love to cashews and pecans I'm fucking nuts.
With my wife it was sex, sex, sex... Yes, three times in 35 years
My girlfriend told me to go put the toilet seat down... So I walked in the bathroom, looked at the toilet seat and yelled "you're worthless and no one likes you!"
Mom asked, "Are you going to see the new Michael Moore documentary?" Wife replied, "Magic Mike XXL?"
What do you call a balloon animal made out of a condom? A Trojan horse.
My friends think I should stop telling jokes because my punchlines are always shit. Shit.
I don't poop in the toilet. I poop on the ground and swallow my poop whole.
Jesus Christ, Donald Trump and Ron Jeremy were having a discussion about sex. The discussion was short because Jesus was a virgin, Trump kept saying he was the best at sex and Ron Jeremy knew he wouldn't prove it.  ~I just wanted to see what the auto-flair would be for this joke.~
Black people have hobbies too They collect food stamps
My dad used to say me "what ever you do, don't get killed like a pussy" and this comes from a man that died in his shed.
How do you find an ants forefathers? Check it's ants-history.
What is the name of that disgusting, hairy and mostly useless piece of flesh that dangles around the vagina? Your mom.
So there I was, balls deep in a jar of mayonnaise. When I said to myself, "Self..." "I shoulda made a sandwich first."
On his 22nd birthday, my brother came out as a transvestite to our family and celebrated by wearing a miniskirt... ...that shows a lot of balls.
I like my coffee like I like my women. Without a penis.
Why don't you tell penis jokes about richard? Because Dick nose
What do DNA and Diarrhea have in common? They both run in your jeans (genes)
How Donald Trump's acceptance speech will go Donald Trump takes the stage to accept his nomination. He approaches the mic and takes a deep breath. He lowers his head and speaks:  "Thanks everyone for the support! Unfortunately I can't accept the nomination because I'm not worthy of it. Right now in America there is a much better candidate who is a proven leader. Right now is America, there is someone who's earned more numerous awards than I and is one of the most charitable people on earth. No my friends; the person who should be accepting this nomination is a proud man who's capabilities as president are unparalled!"  The audience, stunned, weeps with sorrow.   Trump brandishes his usual smirk and lowers his head to the mic.   "Don't be sad everyone! This man is going to be an excellent president I guarantee it! He'll truly make America great again! He'll attack ISIS and defend this nation. They won't even see him coming and and..."  Trump pauses, sheds a few tears and takes a deep breath.   "And his name is John Cena!"   
Virginity Test..!! John: I am getting married. How would I know if my wife is a virgin?    Ben: Get an Virginity test kit.    John: What's that?    Ben: Get a Can of Red Paint, a can of Blue Paint and a bat.    John: What ? Are you mad?   Ben: Paint your right Ball Red and Left  Ball Blue and as you remove ur underwear, if your wife says, 'that's the strangest pair of balls I've ever seen' Hit her head with the bat !
Q: Why is sex like math? A: You add a bed, subtract the clothes, divide the legs, and pray there's no multiplying.
Hitler doesn't mind the Pokemon GO players. He too wanted to catch 'em all at auschwitz
Ive never been good with punctuation but I like Dicks Sporting Goods Store
A guy with a Speech impediment walks into a jeweller's And asks for a cock.   The jeweller thinks for a moment and asks "You mean a clock?".   The man replies "That's what I said", and buys the clock, and leaves to continue shopping.    He's now getting a little hungry so he walks into a bakers.   The man asks for a bum.   The baker, a little confused, thinks for a moment and asks "Do you mean a bun?".   The man replies "That's what I said.".   The man gets his bun and leaves the bakers.   He then goes to a train station and asks for a licket.   The assistant is confused until the man points to what he wants.   The assistant replies "Ah, you want a Ticket."   The man buys the Train Ticket and continues on to the Train Platform to wait for his Train  A Women walks up to him and asks "Do you have the time?"  The man replies, "Of course. Just hold my bum and licket while I get my cock out."
How boutta blowjob? Two married buddies are out drinking one night when one turns to the other and says, "You know, I don't know what else to do. Whenever I go home after we've been out drinking, I turn the headlights off before I get to the driveway. I shut off the engine and coast into the garage. I take my shoes off before I go into the house, I sneak up the stairs, I get undressed in the bathroom. I ease into bed and my wife STILL wakes up and yells at me for staying out so late!" His buddy looks at him and says, "Well, you're obviously taking the wrong approach. I screech into the driveway, slam the door, storm up the steps, throw my shoes into the closet, jump into bed, rub my hands on my wife's ass and say, 'How about a blowjob?' ....And she's always sound asleep."
Boobies Teehehehhe
I like my coffee like I like my slaves NSFW Full of semen
Does blowing shit up make you arab? Or is it the other way around?
What's a Hipsters favorite Porn site? StarFucks.
What do Dallas Area Rapid Transit police officers do when a sniper opens fire? Dart.
Why don't priests like people having sex while standing? It might lead to dancing
What do corals get stressed about? Current events.
What's the difference between a drug dealer and a homosexual? One's crack is in a junkie and the other's junk is in a crack.
If sex with three people is called a threesome and sex with two people is called a twosome... then I know why people call you handsome.
My Asian neighbors dog's name is Lambo Which I think is great, I've always loved Sylvester Stallone as an actor
Sexual Harassment joke.... Every day at the office, a male co-worker walks up very close to a lady standing at the coffee machine, inhales a big breath of air and tells her that her hair smells nice.  After a week of this, she can't stand it anymore,  takes her complaint to a supervisor in the personnel department and states that she wants to file a sexual harassment grievance against him.  The Human Resources supervisor is puzzled by this decision and asks, "What's sexually threatening about a co-worker telling you your hair smells nice?" The woman replies, "It's Keith, the midget." 
Which Pokeman has the best sex? Squirtle
My Jewish friend reviewed Auschwitz on Tripadvisor. He gave it one star.
How long does it take for a black woman to poop? Nine months.
Don't sleep with family members... ...no matter how much they incest.
Do you know the difference bewtween a chair and a dick? If no Be careful where you sit
A black man walks into a police station; ''I've come about the Job I've seen advertised.''  ''What Jobs that then?'' Asks the police man. ''Black man wanted for rape.'' He replies.   
How does a handwriting analyst determine how his lover is feeling? He looks into his lover's 'I's.
Sex is like a cookie It's usually good, but most people like it better raw
My friend lied to me about pooping in the slow cooker. What a crock of shit.
How many women with PMS does it take to screw in a light bulb? How many women with PMS does it take to screw in a light bulb?  One. Only ONE!! And do you know WHY it only takes ONE? Because no one else in this house knows HOW to change a light bulb. They don't even know the bulb is BURNED OUT. They would sit in this house in the dark for THREE DAYS before they figured it OUT. And once they figured it out they wouldn't be able to find the light bulbs despite the fact that they've been in the SAME CUPBOARD for the past SEVENTEEN YEARS. But if they did, by some miracle, actually find the light bulbs, TWO DAYS LATER the chair that they dragged from two rooms over to stand on to change the STUPID light bulb would STILL BE IN THE SAME SPOT!! AND UNDERNEATH IT WOULD BE THE CRUMPLED WRAPPER THE STUPID @*!#$% LIGHT BULBS CAME IN! WHY?! BECAUSE NO ONE IN THIS HOUSE EVER CARRIES OUT THE GARBAGE!! IT'S A WONDER WE HAVEN'T ALL SUFFOCATED FROM THE PILES OF GARBAGE THAT ARE 12 FEET DEEP THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE HOUSE. THE HOUSE!! IT WOULD TAKE AN ARMY TO CLEAN THIS  ...what was the question again?
A Chinese couple move to America with their daughter. They learn about Christmas for the first time in their lives, and excitedly write a letter to Santa Claus.   "What are you asking for?" the little girl says.   "A better son."
Mypenis A husband and wife are trying to set up a new password for their computer. The husband puts, "Mypenis," and the wife falls on the ground laughing because on the screen it says, "Error. Not long enough
I wish my penis was smaller. Then I could finally disprove the Planck length.
What do you call a gay vegetarian? A vegetarian.
What's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator? The fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out
Love is like a fart If you have to force it, it's most likely shit.
I once knew a guy with five penises. His pants fit him like a glove.
What a gay guy's favorite type of medicine A Suppository.
I tried to learn to rotate my penis through telepathy But then I realised it was a total dick move
A spoiled brat is like a penis... you have to beat it to make it grow.
If a gay guy gets paralyzed... Is he a fruit or a vegetable?
What do you call a half Mexican half Japanese jedi master? Obi Juan Shinobi
What does a fat person, a match, and a phone have in common? Cellulite.
It's like sex while camping.. it's fucking intense
My sex life is so bad... My wife and I 96.
What is good on pizza, but not good on pussy? The cheese and crust. 
What'd the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass. 
Why did the blind man become Hitler? Because he could **Nazi.**  *(disclaimer may have to read aloud for joke to occur, if laughing occurs for more than 4 seconds please contact your doctor)*
I used to by my dad a neck tie on father's day, but now I buy him an Asian hooker. It's better to buy a Thai that he'll actually use.
Did you hear about Chinese airlines finally showing Brokeback Mountain on their flights? All the homosexual and other sexual references were edited out, turning it into 45 minutes of an intense film about farming.
How do you tell the sex of an ant? If it floats, it's a boy-ant. 
What's Hitler's favorite sex position? the sixtynein
I got caught fapping while sniffing the underwear of my friends mother. It wouldn't have been so bad if she wasn't wearing them at the time.  He went fucking ballistic.  Sure as hell made the rest of her funeral really awkward for the both of us. 
what do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off
How do you get Dick from Richard? I don't know, ask his wife.
Young rooster A farmer goes out and buys a new, young rooster. As soon as he brings him home, the young rooster rushes and screws all 150 of the farmers hens. The farmer is impressed. At lunchtime, the young rooster again screws all 150 hens. The farmer is not just impressed anymore,he is worried. Next morning,not only is the rooster screwing the hens but he is screwing the turkeys,ducks even the cow.   Later farmer looks out into the barnyard and finds the rooster stretched out, limp as a rag, his eyes closed, dead and vultures circling overhead. The farmer runs out, looks down at the young roosters limp body and says: "You deserved it, you horny bastard!" And the young rooster opens one eye, points up at the vultures with his wing, and says, Shhhh!,they are about to land."
Two guys are wasted on the rooftop bar of a skyscraper..... ..and the bartender steps out for a minute.  First drunk guy: I'll let you in on a lil secret- there's an up draft of air current so strong on the north side of this skyscraper that you can float in mid air right off the edge of the roof.  Second drunk guy: I might be shit faced but I'm not stupid.  First drunk guy: Ok - watch this.  First drunk guy proceeds to step off the edge of the roof and walk a few feet away from the roof's edge and clearly floats in the air.  Second drunk guy : WTF?!?!??! How'd you do that???  First drunk guy : I told you - the up draft is THAT strong.  Second drunk guy : THAT CAN'T BE!!  So the first drunk guy proceeds to walk in the air to the the left then a little to the right.  Second drunk guy : DAMM!!!! ------ Let me try it!  Second drunk guy proceeds to step off the edge of the roof at the same point as the first drunk guy and falls straight down - hits the pavement below and dies.  Just then bartender returns and takes a look down at the commotion on the street below and turns to the first drunk guy.....  Bartender : Superman - you know you're a real dick when you're drunk.
Accidentally pooped my pants in the elevator. I'm taking this shit to a whole new level.
My uncle Robert was a shit ventriloquist He used to stick his hand up my arse and tell me to say nothing
Why do women wear panties with flowers on them? In loving memory of all the faces that were buried in them.
Hey, you're really good at masturbating... Give yourself a hand.
Why does Mickelson travel with two sex dolls? just in case he gets a hole in one
How do you stop being an 18 year old Virgin? Turn 19
Sherlock and Dr Watson were engaging in gay sex... ...they run out of lube so Sherlock grabs some lemon curd from the fridge and and covers his  knob in it. Confused Watson asked: "What in Gods name is that Sherlock?" To which Sherlock replied: "Lemon entry my dear Watson"
I'll never forget my grandfather last words to me "Stop shaking the ladder you cunt!"
Crayola is now doing its color testing on manatees and peta is pissed. Oh The Hue Manatee!
Yo mama so fat in order to meet new carbon emissions regulations, we had to cap her ass
My doctor asked about my bowel movements I told him I poop at least ten times a day and he said I'm full of shit
Oral sex makes your day... But anal sex makes your hole weak!
Hobo Sex Hobo walks back into the camp where his buddies are having dinner.  He is all happy and smiling.  They ask, why are you so happy.  He replies, well, I was walking along the track and found a beautiful woman tied to the tracks.   I untied her and we had sex for hours.  One of his buddies asks: "Did you get any head"  "No", he replied, "the train took most of that".
What's another name for Carly Fiorina's vagina? Carl's Bad Cavern 
Why was Hitler surprised when he lost the war? He did Nazi the loss coming
"Son, I found a condom in your room" "Gee, thanks, Grandpa!"  "Why are you calling me Grandpa?"  "Because I couldn't find it yesterday."
What species of dinosaur was know to have lesbian relations within the species? The Lickalotapuss
I'm getting pretty worried, my girlfriend hasn't gotten her period yet. And she's already 14.
I'll never forget my grandfather's last words "Stop shaking the ladder you little cunt!"
What do sex in a canoe and American beer have in common? They’re both fucking close to water.
Michelle Obama gave a great speech at the DNC today..... I can't wait to hear it again at the next Republican National Convention.
What's the difference between a seamstress and a whale A seamstress cuts up frills and a whale fucks up krill's.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
An assassin had seen some porn where a guy fires his gun in the air when he ejaculates. 'I'll give that a go' he thought   He tried it the next day with his girlfriend but his gun jammed.  'Damn it' he said 'I've got to stop using those dirty magazines' 
Two women talking " the other day a guy said a looked fat" "Don't worry I've been told worse things"--- "Oh yeah like what?"--- "That you're also a slut"
One day I'd like to donate to the porn industry for all the free porn I've watched. They've gotten me through some hard times.
There's plenty of jobs in the porn industry when you have a dick like mine. Camera man, light and sound technician. 
A Mexican, a Black Man, and a Redneck... They're walking down the road when they stumble across a genie lamp. They agree to split the wishes equally. They rub the lamp, and the genie comes out.  "I am prepared to give 3 wishes, and 3 wishes only..." The genie says. "So who's going first?" The black man shouts, "ME! I AM! ME!" The genie says; "Okay, what would you like?" The black man says; "I want me and all my people back in Africa, the cradle of civilisation, where we can live in peace and harmony!" The genie responds "Your wish is granted." And the black man disappears.  The genie looks to the Mexican, who says; "Oh señor genie, I want all of my fellow Mexicans back in Mexico." The genie says "Your wish is granted." And the Mexican disappears.  The genie looks to the redneck. The redneck asks, "So, all the blacks are in Africa, and all the Mexicans are in Mexico?" The genie responds "Yes, all of the blacks are in Africa and all the Mexicans are in Mexico." The redneck immediately responds "Oh, I'll take a Miller Light, then."
Why is it funny when there is ejaculate in the middle of a highway? Because it's a cum-median!
I enjoy satire and jokes about small boobs... But I prefer parodies.
Yo mama so fat When the general says "Spread out!", she exhales.
The toilet on the train was out of order, so I had to sit there and hold it for half an hour. A woman who was sat opposite, looked at me in disgust and asked "Is that a fucking poo in your hand?"
Why is my Chinese girlfriend so bitchy? Well it's true, you are what you eat.
What do gay flies eat?  Da Poo Poo.
What do pencils, poop and Golden State Warriors have in common? They are all #2s.
What's the difference between a hooker, your girlfriend, and your wife? When you're having sex a hooker says "are you done yet?" Your girlfriend says "you're done already?" And your wife says "beige, we should definitely paint the ceiling beige."
Have you ever smelled mothballs before? I'm just wondering because I'm having trouble getting their little legs open.
A woman sits in a unisex sauna A woman sits in a unisex sauna when a man comes in and sits down. The woman notice that the man has a huge erection and she is very bothered by this. She takes some cold water and throw it at the man's dick that immediately goes soft. Then the man looks down at his dick and say: Oh so you were only thirsty.
I asked another Scottish friend of mine how many sexual partners he'd had. About 350.
A dick has a sad life His hair is a mess, his family is nuts, his next door neighbor is an asshole,his best friend is pussy and his owner beats him habitually.!!
Dermatologists hate him! It's not because he has a great skin or anything. He's just an asshole 
I'm only gay for pay and my payment is cum
What's the worst thing you can hear after giving Willie Nelson a bj? I'm not Willie Nelson.
forgive me father for i have sinned...  ... "go on" says the priest. "I swore the other day" says the man. "continue" says the priest. "I was on the golf course the other day and i hit my drive, it was looking perfect, heading dead straight. About 200 yards down my ball hit a power line crossing the fairway". "and this is when you swore?" asked the priest. "No father, my ball then ricocheted of the power lines and flew off into the deep rough" continued the man. "this must have been when you swore?" the priest exclaimed. "No father, not yet. As i was walking over to the rough to hit my second shot a hawk flew down from the trees, picked my ball up in his beak and proceeded to fly off with it" continued the man. "Ahhh I see" says the priest "this must have been the point where you swore" "Nope not yet, as the bird flew over the green the ball fell from its mouth and landed two feet from the hole" The priest pauses for a few seconds "you missed the fucking putt didn't you?" 
What do you call a faucet that won't give water to gay people? A sbigot.
So, I walk in on my daughter masturbating with a carrot. So, I walk in on my daughter masturbating with a carrot.  I shout, "Fuck! Seriously? I was going to eat that later, and now it's just going to taste like carrots!"
If I could rearrange the alphabet for you, I would move F between T and U. Maybe then you will finally Shut The Fuck Up.
TIL that movie Bicycle Thieves (1948), didn't had black people in it... That's racist!
He was the best astronomer in the world, he could even explore black holes, but... He was depressed because he never got to explore HER black hole.
A teenager tells his dad "Dad I just had sex for the first time ." The father trying to hide his excitement  tells his son " here son sit down and lets talk about it" The son replies " I can't"
A man tattoos his girlfriend's name on his penis... When he is erect it says Wendy, but when he isn't it just says "Wny"  He's on vacation and at a urinal in the bathroom. He looks over to the man next to him that has "Wny" on his penis too. He says, "Hey I have the same tattoo. Your girlfriend's name is Wendy too?"  The man says, "No it says 'Welcome to Jamaica mon. Have a nice day'"
Should I be worried that my daughter is starting to ask questions about sex? An example is, "Is that the best you can do?"
A 30 year old virgin was getting married He was very scared as he realised he had no idea what to do at the wedding night. His father offered to help. He gave him a mobile phone and assured him that he will guide him via the phone. So he got married and finally came the dreaded hour. Sweating and trembling he enters his bedroom and quickly calls his father. His father says,  "ok son don't worry, tell me where is she?"  "She's on the bed." The father says, "Ask her, if she has what her mamma has." He asks and his bride replies, "Oh yes I do honey."  His father says, "Ok, now ask her to show it to you." He does the same and she spreads her legs wide open and shows him her wet pussy. He feels something tingling down in his pants and before he could ask his father what to do next, she asks him, "Do you have what your daddy has baby?" He replies, "Yes I do." "Then just put it inside me baby", she says. He takes his phone and shoves it up her pussy.
There was a midget with a speech impediment that was looking to buy a horse. "Hi thewe," he says to the farmer. "I'm hewe to buy a horwth. I would like to inthectic it first. Can I see the eyths?"  So the farmer assumes he must be talking about the eyes, and he picks him up and he looks at the eyes.  "Wow! What great eyths the horth has! Can I see the eahths?"  The farmer assumes he's talking about the ears, and begrudgingly picks up the midget again.  "Wow! What clean eahths the horwth has! So clean! You muth take great care of your horwtheth! Now can I thee the teeth?"  The farmer is losing his patience and picks up the midget again and puts him in front of the horses mouth.  "Wow! What great teeth the horwth hath! Tho white, tho pretty. Now can I thee her twat?"  "Yeah you can see her twat," the farmer replies and he stuffs the midgets head in the horses vagina.  "You mithunderthand!" Yells the midget from inside the horse. "I meant I wanted to thee her run around!"   
Marvin Gaye's Last Day on Earth Marvin (holding present): Happy Birthday Dad!!!  Dad: Marvin, if this is another tie, I'm gonna kill you.
What is the climax to a telephone receptionist who is on cocaine ? A second line
How do you transport pieces of Native American art. You Totem!
A bear walks up to a rabbit and asks "Do you have a problem with shit getting stuck in your fur?" Asks BEAR.   The rabbit looked taken back, "Uhh, No"   So the bear wiped his ass on the rabbit. 
How do you call a gay person from Russia? Sergei.
I kicked a French guy in the balls... Once, I kicked a French guy in the balls. As he clutched his groin and sank to the floor, he whispered in pain, "wee wee". So I kicked him again. 
At a cocktail party, one woman said to another, “Aren’t you wearing your wedding ring on the wrong finger?” The other replied, “Yes, I am. I married the wrong man.”
What's the difference between a frat boy and a 70 year old man? The frat boy needs to squat to teabag somebody.
A woman came into our work yesterday to give us all a talk about sexual harassment in the work place. A woman came into our work yesterday to give us all a talk about sexual harassment in the work place. After the presentation she asked, "Has anyone got any questions?" I put my hand up and asked, "What colour knickers have you got on?"
Once my grandma was speeding down the highway. As she's driving a state trooper pulls her over. He walks up to the window, &amp; before he could even get a word out my grandmother says. "Why are you pulling me over, aren't you supposed to be at one of those cop balls or something?" He replys in a stern voice, "No ma'm state troopers don't have balls." She started laughing instantly. The trooper now bright red didn't say a word, got back in his squad car and left. No ticket nothing. Ha!   (True story) 
[NSFW] "The Pope does anal now!" "Holy fucking shit, are you serious?!"
Women With Little Breasts * don't cause a traffic accident every time they bend over in public ... * always look younger ... * find that dribbled food makes it to the napkin on their lap ... * can always see their toes and shoes ... * can sleep on their stomachs ... * have no trouble sliding behind the wheel of small cars ... * know that people can read the entire message on their t-shirts ... * know that everything more than a handful is wasted ... * can come late to a theatre and not disrupt an entire aisle ... * can take aerobic class without running the risk of knocking themselves out.
A woman goes to a gynecologist... and as soon as he starts examining her he's shocked.  "Oh my god! How is that possible? What a hole!"  The woman, offended: "You bastard! How dare you!" and leaves. She goes to another gynecologist, but the same thing happens: "Unbelievable! This hole!"  She goes back to her house, and puts a mirror on the ground to check on it herself. Her husband walks in and asks her:  "Honey! What are you doing? Watch out, you're going to fall in the hole!"
If I ever had a heart transplant I would want my ex's because it's never been used
I used to be a phone sex worker... until I got hearing aids.
Our country's going to shit and I will not stand for it... ...so I sat down
I call my penis the bogeyman.. Because it's the reason children cry at night.
What language do Nazi computers speak? SS+
The other day someone said my clothes looked gay... I told them they got out of the closet just this morning.
Why are all black people fast? Because the slow ones are in jail.                                     
Its WWII, and a German soldier, an Italian solider, and a Japanese soldier have been captured by the Red Army An officer of the Red Army is eyeing all three of them with scorn. He barks at them, "dirty fascists, I'll skin you three and use your hides to make a coat for the Russian winter. But I don't want to get my hands dirty. I'll let you each go out on your own terms."  The Italian is the first to go. He approaches a nearby tree and, with all the honor he can muster, tries to hang himself with his belt. However, he grossly underestimated its strength. Twisting, shouting, and asking the German for help, he eventually ends up hanging upside down, his face bloody and, although he put in the effort, he just didn't get the desired results. As ordered, Russians begin to skin him and move on to the next prisoner.  Next was the German. He produces a pistol from his belt and, full of pomp and circumstance, goosesteps behind the tree line. The Ruskis wait for the gunshot and are rewarded. But when they check behind the tree line to retrieve the body, they find none. They shrug, thinking that there's no way he could possibly have run off to some place warmer. But with one less skin and winter approaching, they move on to next prisoner.   Last is the Japanese. Stoic to the end, he gets on his knees and draws his sword. Plunging it into his gut and twisting it every which way, he never even flinches. Rather, he looks the Red Army officer straight in the eye and says "fuck your coat".
Did you hear about the homosexual magician? He disappeared in a poof.
A shoplifter was caught in the toilets of a local greengrocers this morning. He was trying to take a leek.
I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She said, "Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!" I said, "Wow!" Then her friend said, "She means 666-3629.
Do you like pizza? Well, how about a pizza this dick?
The Bank Deposit A man walks into a bank and goes up to the counter, "I want to open a fucking checking account." The banker is completely shocked at what she heard, "Sir, could you please not use that kind of language in here." "What's your problem. All I want to do is open a fucking checking account!" "Sir, please calm down." "That's it, let me talk to your fucking manager!" The banker goes to the back and tells the manager about the unruly customer. "Don't worry, I'll handle this," the manager reassured her. "Is there something wrong sir? I'll have you know that I will not tolerate any disrespect toward my employees as I personally hired every single one of them." the manager said confidently. "What the fuck is your problem?! All I want to do is open a fucking checking account and deposit a million dollars." After a long pause the manager asked, "Is this bitch giving you any trouble?"
My grandfather was badly burnt last Wednesday. Yep, they don't fuck around at the crematorium.
Sex jokes are not funny. I mean cum on people.
I found out that masturbating with a dead arm feels better... ...but apparently that 'ruined' the funeral.  Edit: Found out where I remember this joke from - Jimmy Carr did it live, so thank that magnificent bastard.
Dick This is Dick 8============3  Dick stands up so ladies can sit down.  Dick is a gentleman.  Be like Dick.
A man was constipated, so he decided to go to the doctor. The doctor examined him and explained, The doctor examined him and explained:"I'm going to give you some suppositories.   I'll insert one now, and then I'll give you another one for later this evening."   Later that evening, the man asks has his wife to insert the suppository.   She agrees reluctantly, puts one hand on his shoulder and inserts the suppository. Suddenly, her husband shrieks,  "Aahhhhh!"  "What's wrong? Did I hurt you?" she asks.  "No... I just realised that the doctor had both his hands on my shoulders!"
My doctor advised me to stay away from trans fats. I guess I should really get off Tumblr
Not having sex tonight One evening last week, my girlfriend and I were getting into bed. Well, the passion starts to heat up, and she eventually says, 'I don't feel like it, I just want you to hold me.' I said, 'WHAT??!! What was that?!' So she says the words that every boyfriend on the planet dreads to hear... 'You're just not in touch with my emotional needs as a woman enough for me to satisfy your physical needs as a man.' She responded to my puzzled look by saying, 'Can't you just love me for who I am and not what I do for you in the bedroom?' Realizing that nothing was going to happen that night, I went to sleep. The very next day I opted to take the day off of work to spend time with her. We went out to a nice lunch and then went shopping at a big, big unnamed department store. I walked around with her while she tried on several different very expensive outfits. She couldn't decide which one to take, so I told her we'd just buy them all. She wanted new shoes to compliment her new clothes, so I said, 'Lets get a pair for each outfit.' We went on to the jewelry department where she picked out a pair of diamond earrings. Let me tell you... she was so excited. She must have thought I was one wave short of a shipwreck. I started to think she was testing me because she asked for a tennis bracelet when she doesn't even know how to play tennis. I think I threw her for a loop when I said, 'That's fine, honey.' She was almost nearing sexual satisfaction from all of the excitement. Smiling with excited anticipation, she finally said, 'I think this is all dear, let's go to the cashier.' I could hardly contain myself when I blurted out, 'No honey, I don't feel like it.' Her face just went completely blank as her jaw dropped with a baffled, 'WHAT?' I then said, 'Honey! I just want you to HOLD this stuff for a while. You're just not in touch with my financial needs as a man enough for me to satisfy your shopping needs as a woman.' And just when she had this look like she was going to kill me, I added, 'Why can't you just love me for who I am and not for the things I buy you?' Apparently I'm not having sex tonight.
A black man walks into a bar And the cops shoot him.
iBoob Apple Computer announced today that it has developed a computer chip that can store and play high fidelity music in women's breast implants. The iBoob will cost between $499 and $699, depending on the speaker size. This is considered to be a major breakthrough because women have always complained about men staring at their breasts and not listening to them.
How many hipsters does it take to screw a lightbulb? It's such an obscure number, you've probably never heard of it. And besides, lightbulbs are so mainstream. Kerosene lamps are more true to my inner being.
I was walking through a shop the other day, when this guy farted and followed through. It fell out of his trousers and he legged it. It was a shit and run
What do elephants use for tampons? Sheep.  Why do elephants have trunks?  Sheep don't have strings.
As a child I was afraid of the dentist He was a pedophile...  I suppose that begs the question of how many fillings he gave me.
New study shows you can get HIV/AIDS from toilet seats in public restrooms By sitting down before the other guy gets up
A man walks into a podiatrist and whaps his cock out The staff look at him and say "thats not a foot" "No but its a good 9 inches"  Bu-dum-tissh
Is your refrigerator running? Because there is a fucking dead horse inside of it.
What’s the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms? One’s a Goodyear. The other’s a great year.
You know how Feminists say, "The only thing men think about is sex." We also think "Should I risk it and not wear the condom?"
Why do toilets flush after getting pissed on? They get embarrassed.
Chicken strip pick-up line I thought of this pick-up line after my friend ordered a chicken strip sandwich, but I need help perfecting it.   Guy walks up to girl at fast food chain-  "I bet you like chicken strips, don't you?"  Girl replies - "Well yes, I do like em"  Guy- "Of course you do, cause you're a hot chick and you'll be stripping for me tonight." 
Did you hear about the new Marvel movie with a team of transgendered superheros? Ex-men!
My bank account is like a dick It grows and it shrinks
A man is out shopping and discovers a new brand of condoms—Olympic condoms. Clearly impressed, he buys a pack. Upon getting home, the man informs his wife of his new purchase.  “Olympic condoms?” she asks. “What makes them so special?”  “There are three colors,” he replies. “Gold, Silver and Bronze.”  “What color are you going to wear tonight?” she asks cheekily.  “Gold, of course,” says the man proudly.  The wife responds, “Really, why don’t you wear Silver?”  “Why silver?” asks the man.   ”Well, it would be nice if you came second for a change.”
So there's this guy Walsh, he's tired of screwin' his wife... So his friend says to him, "Hey, why don't you do it like the Chinese do?"   So he says, "How do the Chinese do it?"   And the guy says, "Well, the Chinese, first they screw a little bit, then they stop, then they go and read a little Confucius, come back, screw a little bit more, then they stop again, go and they screw a little bit... then they go back and they screw a little bit more and then they go out and they contemplate the moon or something like that. Makes it more exciting."   So now, the guy goes home and he starts screwin' his own wife.  So he screws her for a little bit and then he stops, and he goes out of the room and reads Life Magazine.   Then he goes back in, he starts screwin' again. He says, "Excuse me for a minute, honey." He goes out and he smokes a cigarette.   Now his wife is gettin' sore as hell. He comes back in the room, he starts screwin' again. He gets up to start to leave again to go look at the moon.   She looks at him and says, "Hey, whats the matter with ya. You're screwin' just like a Chinaman!"
What's the useless skin around the vagina? A Woman 
When do you kick a midget in the balls? When he's standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice.
My doctor told me I had to stop masturbating. I asked him why. He said " I'm trying to give you a check up ! "
Paddy goes for a job interview at a chemical factory. The manager asks him if he has any expirence working with chemicals. Paddy says "Yes, Lots". The manager asks " Can you tell me what Nitrate is?" Paddys says " Im hoping it will be time and a half".
Oral After Night Shift Husband comes home after working night shift and decides to wake his wife by giving her oral sex. He gently lifts the doona and slowly crawls up to her fanny, spreads her legs and licks her until she quivers and cums all over his face. He goes to the bathroom to clean up and finds his wife in there shaving her legs, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING IN HERE? he yells.  SSSHHH, she says, you'll wake your mother!!!
Hugging a tree is like hugging my penis It is hard to get your arms around it
Why did the gay cannibal eat his dead lover? So he could feel him slide out of him one last time. 
What did Obi-wan say to Luke at the Chinese restaurant? Use the fork, Luke.
For the next president we should just elect the CEO of a dildo company at least they're honest about how they fuck people 
What did the vegan say to the celiac? HEIL FUCKING HITLER
An Old couple is having sex.. Right in the middle of it, as the old woman is moaning and twitching, the old man stops suddenly and remains motionless for a good 20 seconds. Then he continues from where left off.    Another minute later, he does the same thing. This goes on for a few more times, till finally the old woman has had it.   Old Woman : Just what in God's name are you doing.   Old man: I'm just trying this new technique I learnt on an Internet Porn Video site.   Old Woman : You stupid old man... its called Buffering!!!!
I just gave my new secretary a sexy dress for her first week's salary. Next week, I'm going to raise her salary. 
I asked a Chinese girl for her number I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She replied, "Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!" I said, "Wow!". Then her friend said, "She means 6663629."﻿
How did you come up with your reddit username? I made mine when I stopped giving a shit
I asked a welsh man how many sexual partners he has had so he started counting, and fell asleep.
What do you call a black guy in outer space? An astronaut you racist bastard. 
What do the Mafia and a pussy have in common? One slip of the tongue and you're deep in shit.
A teenage girl come home from school and asks her mother, "Is it true what Rita just told me?" "What's that?" asks her mother.  "That babies come out of the same place where boys put their penises?" said her daughter.    "Yes it is dear!" replies her mother, pleased that the subject had finally come up and that she wouldn't have to explain it to her daughter.    "But then, when I have a baby," responded the teenager, "won't it knock my teeth out?"
Dad joke: What time do monkeys poop? Tree turdy.  
If you are fat... If you are far, go to the UK, you will lose a couple of pounds 
Everyone has something they do after sex like taking a shower. I just get out of my uncles car, and cry all the way home.
Pen A doctor reaches into his smock to get a pen to write a prescription and pulls out a rectal thermometer. "Oh, damn it," he proclaims, "Some asshole has my pen!"
What did the Japanese noodle say when he caught his wife cheating on him? Udon fucked up now! 
How do Chinese people know what to name their children? After the last dog they just ate. 
How can you tell if your wife is dead The sex is the same but the dishes start to pile up.
My boss asked if he dropped his watch in the toilet Because I was shitting on his time  And joke creds to him. I was also fresh out of witty comebacks...
What do you call Chinese Balls that you play with? Medicine balls you assholes!
I was fired after falling asleep on personal documents. Apparently you can't lie on your resume. 
The birds, the bees and little Johnny Little Johnny's father asks him if he knows about the birds and the bees.  "I don't want to know!" Little Johnny says, bursting into tears.  Confused, his father asks what's wrong.  "Oh, Dad," Little Johnny sobs, "first, there was no Santa Claus, then no Easter Bunny, and finally, no Tooth Fairy. If you're about to tell me that grownups don't really have sex, I've got nothing left to believe in."
Women are like Hurricanes They come into your life wild and free and then leave with the PATIO FURNITURE WE BOUGHT TOGETHER SARAH YOU BITCH
How do you stop someone from having sex? You chastise the fuck out of them
My son asked me on father's day why there was no son day I told him it's every sunday
so little Johnny goes to a girls school... stands in the middle of the ground during morning assembly, stands facing the girls, turns around, drops his pants, drops his underwear, and bends over.   While all the girls are in shock at this perverse display, security personnel come over and he is taken to the principal.   Principal: "Before I report this to the police, I am curious to know as to what the fucking hell was in your mind? Why did you do that?"  Little Johnny: "I heard that these days girls like ass-holes."
A teacher and his students in the Anatomy class. A teacher tells his students at their first day of the Medicine course, during the Anatomy class:  "The first thing one has to do to become a good doctor is to be a good observant. The second one is to never, ever feel disgusted by anything."  After this observation, the teacher leads the students to the autopsy room, where there is a corpse on a table.  "Let's do our first test. Everybody must do exactly what I'll do. Did I make myself clear?"  That being said, the teacher sticks his finger in the corpse's butthole, licking it soon after. The students are disgusted by the scene but follow the teacher's instructions. Each of them sticks their fingers in the corpse's butthole and then lick their fingers. After all of them have done it, the teacher tells his students:  "I want to congratulate you on not feeling disgusted by anything. That's essential to become a good doctor. However, you need to improve your observation skills. I stuck one finger in the butthole and licked another one." 
whats the difference between 3 dicks and a joke? Your mum cant take a joke
sex is just like putting money in a bank... ...once yah take it out, the interest is all gone.  someone told me a joke that reminded me of this one from several years back. it was said by dolomite on a 2 live crew album, 'back at yo ass for 94.'  curious. i dont think so, but does this qualify as nsfw?  edit: p.s. here's the song (and video) that follows the joke. it's explicit, as expected from this group. fun, energetic beat at the least : )
The young bride approached her awaiting husband on their wedding night and demanded $20 for their first love-making encounter... The young bride approached her awaiting husband on their wedding night and demanded $20 for their first love-making encounter.    In his highly aroused state, he readily agreed.  This scenario was repeated each time they made love for the next 30 years, him thinking it was a cute way for her to buy new clothes, etc.   Arriving home around noon one day, she found her husband in a very drunken state.  Over the next few minutes she heard of the ravages of financial ruin caused by corporate down sizing and it's effects on a 50 year old executive.   Calmly, she handed him a bank book showing deposits and interest for 12 years totaling nearly $1 million dollars.  Pointing across the parking lot she gestured toward the local bank while handing him stock certificates worth nearly $2 million dollars and informing him that he was the largest stockholder in the bank.  She told him that for 30 years she had charged him each time they had sex, and this was the result of her investments.   By now he was distraught and beating his head against the side of the car.    She asked him why the disappointment at such good news and he replied, "If I had known what you were doing, I would have given you all of my business!"
I once dated a girl who told me she had had sex with Mr. Peanut. She was fucking nuts. 
What's hardest part about eating bald pussy? Putting the diaper back on.
I'masinglesexuallyfrustratedastronaut.YouknowwhatIcouldreallygofor? aSpaceBar
Thank God for nipples... Without it.....  Boobs would be pointless 
What is a Chinese buccaneer's favorite workout? Pirates.
"Son, I wanted you to know you were adopted" my father said to me... "Are you kidding? Really?" I shouted.  "Yup, get ready," he said. "They'll be picking you up in about an hour."
Ping-Pong Balls  Three Men walk into a king's palace in hope of marrying his beautiful daughter.  He tells them, "The one of you who brings me the most ping-pong balls will win my daughter!"  The first man comes back with 200 ping pong balls.  The second comes back with 500, and the last comes back smelly, beaten, and bruised.  When the king asks where his ping pong balls are he exclaims, "Ping pong Balls!!!! I thought you said King Kong's BALLS!!
My Girlfriend told me if this get 200 upvotes we would try anal Please don't upvote her strap on is huge!
99 Condoms A guy walk into a local pharmacy &amp; walks up to the counter where lady pharmacists is filling perception.  Guy: “i’d like 99 condoms please”  Lady pharmacist surprises &amp; says: “fuck me…!!!”  Boy replies: “ok, make it 100 …”  That’s the spirit .. 
[NSFW] Did you hear ISIS has its own sex toy factory? They specialise in blow up dolls!
I saw this sign that mad me shit my pants. It said 'bathroom closed'
I'm not saying my dick is big But it ain't small
Don't die a virgin Because there are terrorists waiting for you.
I did squat shit today I'm never going back to that gym
I found girl lying on railroad tracks. I untied her, took her into bushes and we had great sex. No head, though. I never found it.
What does Bill Clinton say to Hillary after sex? I'll be home in 20 minutes.
What did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend? Wiped his butt.
How many Armenian girls does it take to screw in a light bulb ? Armenian girls don't screw in light bulbs, they screw in the back of BMW's in Glendale. 
The Word Election and Erection Are Spelt Similarly. They also have the same meaning A dick rising to power!
a black man comes into a bar. A cop kills him
differences between the sexes, and which one is better A little girl and boy are fighting about the differences between the sexes, and which one is better. Finally, the boy drops his pants and says, “Here’s something I have that you’ll never have!” The little girl is pretty upset by this, since it is clearly true, and runs home crying. A while later, she comes running back with a smile on her face. She drops her pants and says, “My mommy says that with one of these, I can have as many of those as I want!”
I made my wife change her name to Dick. Now people laugh whenever I joke about beating her all day long.
Give me a screwdriver Normal thing for a mechanic to say to his lackey.  Start of a sexual harrassment case for Britney Spears.
My wife is sleeping with my brother... but hey, on the plus side I'm about to be an uncle
What do a gynecologist and pizza delivery man have in common? They both can smell it, just can't eat it.
So this guy is on speed... So this guy is on speed, which makes him feel really horny, so he walks into a whore house to get himself a good fuck. On the inside he remembers that he's a bit short on cash so he says to the mistress:   "Listen, I only have five dollars, can you help me out?"   The lady says: "Sure, go up the stairs and go in the door on the right."   The guy goes up the stairs and in through the door. He sees a chicken sitting on a table. He is a little disappointed but the speed is kicking in so he figures: "Oh well you get what you pay for!", and he screws that chicken to near death, with feathers flying everywhere.   So the next day the guy is still a bit high and decides to go back to the whorehouse.   He says to the madam: "Listen lady, I've only got two bucks today. Can you do anything at all for me?"   "Sure!" says the madam. "Go up the stairs and in the door on the left this time".   The guy goes in through the door on the left and finds a bunch of guys staring through a two-way mirror at two beautiful lesbians having sex.   "This is fantastic. Only two bucks for this!!" the guy says to one of the other men.   The other man says "Yes, but you should have been here yesterday, there was a guy in there fucking a chicken!"   
What's the difference between sex and Chinese food? What are doing for lunch?
Never make fun of a fat girl with a lisp. She's thick and tired of it.
What's the difference between Hitler and Trump? Hitler knew when to kill himself. 
What's the difference between cat and dog shit? Idk but we'll find out in November.
HandJob Three guys go to a ski lodge, and there aren't enough rooms, so they have to share a bed. In the middle of the night, the guy on the right wakes up and says, "I had this wild, vivid dream of getting a hand job!" The guy on the left wakes up, and unbelievably, he's had the same dream, too. Then the guy in the middle wakes up and says, "That's funny, I dreamed I was skiing!"
How does a feminist know she's overweight? She doesn't
A middle aged guy goes to the doctor, and says he just fucked a 19 year old intern The doctor asks what the problem is. The guy says, "there's no problem."  The doctor asks, "so why are you telling me?"  Guy says, "telling you? I'm telling everybody!"
J.S. Bach fathered many children and music pieces. Choir Member: I read that Johan Sebastian Bach had 20 children and  wrote a new musical pipe organ composition almost everyday of his adult life.  Organist: Yeah, he really knew how to use his organs. 
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller
What's the difference between a hooker and a politician? A hooker stops screwing you when you run out of money.
My dick is like an American Too fat, but dangerous.
What is the difference between a whale, a shark and someone from New York? I don't fucking know you tell me
I can't believe that they are still together after so much shit. My ass cheeks 
Half of men in America watch porn everyday. The other half are waiting for Comcast to fix their internet connection.
My penis is only three inches... Since that fucker kicked my sisters chin. 
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Adolf Hitler? Usain Bolt can finish a race.
What is a gay alligators favorite sports drink? Gatorade
How many liberals does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. Bush did it.
What do Crocs and getting a bj by a dude have in common? They both feel fantastic till you look down and realize you're gay.
Don't have phone sex Because you'll get hearing aids
How are a gay man and a microwave different? The microwave doesn't brown my meat.
It makes sense why women hate premature ejaculation so much... Our whole lives we're taught that nothing worth having comes easy. 
Britain best strike a deal with magic stars. don't screw me twice in one day world. Yes  
I feel like I need to break up with my wife because of her boob jobs. The augments just keep getting bigger and bigger. =(
Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand? She uses the other one to moan.
What is the speed limit during sex? 68;  once you get to 69 you have to stop and turn around.
What's another name for a hemorrhoid? A cock blocker
It's not fair for people to keep comparing Trump to Hitler. It's not fair for people to keep comparing Trump to Hitler.  Hitler was a decorated war hero and qualified leader.
What Does A Chinese Man Need When Taking his Dog Out? Oven mitts.
My friend said after getting his second divorce that he forgot what pussy looks like... But he knows what a cunt looks like
World's worst sitcom about a bisexual and a virgin Two and a half sexualities
My dad told me "Son if you don't stop masturbating you'll go blind" I told him "Dad I'm over here" 
There's a man with a 15 inch penis... This is a problem so he goes to the doctor to see what he can do about size reduction. The doctor says "sir, I can't do anything about it here. But I do know of a magic frog. Go into the woods, find the frog and ask it to marry you. Every time it says no, your penis will decrease by 3 inches."   So the man finds the frog and says "magic frog, will you marry me?" The frog rolls it's eyes and says "no." The man looks down and sure enough, it works! So he goes "magic frog, will you marry me?" The frog rolls it's eyes again and says "No." And it shrinks again down to 9 inches. The man decides to try one last time. So he goes "magic frog, will you marry me?" And the frog snaps and says "How many times do I have to say it?! NO NO and NO!!!"
Q: What do politicians and diapers have in common? A: Both should be changed regularly, and both for the same reason
what's th difference between a gay man and a refrigerator? the refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out.
What happens when a Chinese man with a boner runs into a wall? He breaks his nose.
My grandpa says he hates gay men I think he's just bitter about his last boyfriend
What's the fat person's favourite football club? KFC.
Two gay guys were having sex and then the phone rings.. The first guy goes to answer the phone and tells his partner, "Hey. Don't finish yourself until I get back."    After returning from the phone call, there is cum all over the wall of the bedroom. The first guy says "Jesus, Chris, I said not to finish yourself until I got back!"    The second guy turns to him and says, "I didn't, I farted."
I Like My Vaginas Like My Two Favorite Clint Eastwood Movies Dirty Harry and Every Which Way but Loose
Have you heard that they're filming the first porno in space. They're calling it smutnik
My Girlfriend assured me that a small penis should never be an issue in a loving relationship.. But I still wish she didn't have one at all. 
TIFU by winning the Brexit referendum and fucked up UK's economy Submitted by UKIP leader Nigel Farage 
Why is eastern europe filled with strippers? Because they like Poles.
How many suh dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, cause it's already lit fam!
An officer asked if I was responsible for putting tennis balls in someone's exhaust pipe... I replied, "I wouldn't have the balls to do that!"
What does a redneck say after sex? Thanks, sis.
I had explosive diarrhea in Hiroshima... That was some radioactive shit.
Why did the condom hit the wall? Because it was pissed off
I Just Posted This As A Comment in /jokes...... Two old Irish guys, Mickey &amp; Paddy, are walking through town.  As they pass the police station they notice a sign posted outside reading:  "Wanted - 2 Black Men For Rape"  Mickey turns to Paddy and says "ah, dem fockers get all the best jobs."
What does Gordon Ramsay after cutting and eating his own dick? It's fucking raw!!
Military officer after weeks off deployment asked his ranking officer about outlets for sexual activity Upon being asked his sergeant explains to the recruit that three is a barrel on base with a hole cut into it. All the recruit has to do I stick his cock in the hole  and all his sexual tension will be relieved.   Upon completing his first venture he excitingly asks his Sargent how often he can use the barrel.  The Sargent answers that the barrel is available every day all day ... Except Sunday.   "Why not Sunday, is it because it's a holiday" asked the recruit.   No son. It's because Sunday is your day in the barrel. 
My girlfriend was sucking my dick...... My girlfriend was sucking my dick when she took it out of her mouth and said "I don't really like the way dicks look." I said "Hmmm, it must be about taste"
Paddy the Irishman was given a sandwich... Paddy soon realised that the sandwich Paddy was given was actually a bomb, Paddy called the police "I was given a sandwich but it's actually a bomb" said paddy is it ticking?" said the police officer "no I think it's beef" said paddy
What do a fly and a boner have in common? You can't go to sleep without whacking it.
A Father's last request A husband and wife have four sons. The oldest three are tall with red hair and light skin while the youngest son is short with black hair and dark eyes.  The father was on his deathbed when he turned to his wife and said, "Honey, before I die, be totally honest with me: Is our youngest son my child?"  The wife replied, "I swear on everything that's holy that he is your son."   With that, the husband passed away. The wife muttered, "Thank God he didn't ask about the other three."
What does an Elephant use as a tampon? A sheep 
What do you call a pedophilic climax? Premature ejaculation
I figured out how to make my penis 8 inches Fold it in half
The Chinese restaurant's new directional signage... ...was dim-sum-pointing.
My girlfriend said my dick was a joke... My girlfriend said my dick was a joke...   So I taught her how to take a joke.  She proceeding to complain that I do all my thinking with the wrong head...  Then she blew my mind.  At this point, she was pretty frustrated and complained that these quips "sucked ass" and were too "predictable."  So to try something new, I broke up with her. 
My penis was on the Gunness book of world records... ... Until I got kicked out of the library.
What did they name the Chinese remake of "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs"? It's Raining Cats and Dogs
How many atheists does it take to screw in a light bulb? They'll never screw it in no matter how many of them you have because they'll be too busy critiquing people who got it screwed in but give cute reasons for how they figured it out or they'll use slightly less cute reasons for why if the light bulb existed it'd screw in itself.
What did the nazi see when he looked in the toilet? The diarrhea of Anne Frank. 
People who say "the waiting is the hardest part"... ...have never used Viagra
Speeding Old Man A senior citizen drove his brand new Mercedes  to 100 mph, looking in his rear view mirror , he saw a police car behind him.  He floored it to 140 , then 150, ... then 170, ...  Suddenly he thought, "I'm too old for this nonsense !"  So he pulled over to the side of the road and waited for the police car to catch up with him .   The officer walked up to him, looked at his watch and said,  "Sir, my shift ends in ten minutes. Today is Friday and I'm taking off for the weekend.  If you can give me a good reason that I've never heard before for why you were speeding.  I'll let U go."    The Man looked very seriously at the police man, and replied :-  "Years ago, my wife ran off with a policeman, I thought you were bringing her back." !!!    The Cop left saying,  " Have a good day, Sir"
Girl friend of a boy starts farting at the dinning table...and she feels that no one has noticed it.....but.... A woman goes to her boyfriend's parents' house for dinner.  This is tobe her first time meeting the family and she is very nervous.  They all sit down and begin eating a fine meal. The woman is beginning to feel a little discomfort, thanks to her nervousness and the broccoli casserole. The gas pains are almost making her eyes water. Left with no other choice, she decides to relieve herself a bit and lets out a dainty fart.  It wasn't loud,but everyone at the table heard thepouf.  Before she even had a chanceto be embarrassed, her boyfriend's father looked over at the dog that had been snoozing at the woman's feet and said in a rather stern voice, "Skippy!". The woman thought, "This is great!" and a big smile came across her face.  A couple of minutes later, she was beginning to feel the pain again.  This time, she didn't even hesitate. She let a much louder and longer fart rip. The father again looked and the dog and yelled, "Dammit Skippy!" Once again the woman smiled and thought "Yes!".  A few minutes laterthe woman had to let another one rip. This time she didn't even think about it. She let rip a fart that rivaled a train whistle blowing!  Once again, the father looked at the dog with disgust and yelled,"Dammit Skippy, get away from her before she shits on you!" 
What is a Jews favorite part of porn? The moneyshot
Why was the gay man bad at lying? He couldn't keep his face straight. ;)
I Hate Jamaicans in Bed Because they jam you till your aican
Our Asian friend has this strange habit of pulling and eating his hair... We call him Pica Chu.
What do you call an Asian woman who lives next to a data centre? Ping Lo.
What do you call a black woman who has an abortion? A crime fighter
A bird flew in my bathroom window when I was peeing.. We stared at each other's peckers.
I promised myself to stop jacking off to porn... It's gonna be hard for the next couple weeks.
Why are jeering baseball fans like Grammar Nazis? They make the badder worse.
A boy begged his girlfriend to let him have sex with her... However, she said she was saving her virginity for until after she was married. The boy reminded her that anal sex wasn't the same and she would technically still be a virgin. So, he got off on a technicality.
What's Hitler's favorite song ? Highway to heil.
Debra is topper and because of her attitude, she doesn't have a lot of friends in real life. She met a group of friends who are Democratic super delegates from different parts of the country online and one of the things they liked to do was to tell stories that topped each other. One day, they decided to meet up in person and introduce themselves to each other for real. After some friendly chit chats and a couple of drinks at the hotel bar, they started talking about how they used sex instead of political influences to get things for free.  The New Yorker started, "Last week I gave a waiter a nice hand job and I got my dinner for free."  The friend from Chicago, wanted to top the story, said, "Well, that's nice but yesterday I gave a bartender a blow job and let him come all over my face. I got free drinks for myself and all my friends."  Don't want to be left behind, the Seattleite said, "When my plane landed this morning, I give the captain a blow job and I swallowed all his cum. Now I have free first class ticket back to Seattle."  The Washington D.C. friend, wanting to trump all the stories, said "Well, I let the hotel manager here fuck me and come into my asshole earlier, so all of our rooms and meals are comped."  At this point, Debra is thinking, "oh boy, I am I going to top this?" She excused herself to the restroom to buy her some time to think. On her way there, she runs into Bill Clinton.  Upon returning to her friends at the bar, she said, "well, guess what? I just ran into ex-President Bill Clinton and we fucked in the bathroom and I let him come into my pussy. Now I can get almost any favors I want because I can blackmail him by threatening to tell the news media what happened."  All of her new friends are in shock and impressed. They said in unison, "Well, Debra, I guess you win. None of us can top that because none of us has a pussy."      
"Does this uniform make me look fat?" Asked the insecurity guard.
Why did the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong socks.
Turns out being a conspiracy theorist and having Asian friends don't go so well together. You can only shout "OPEN YOUR EYES!" so many times before someone gets offended.
What's better than roses on a piano? Tulips on my organ    My dad told me this joke when I was 5, I finally understood it 19 years later. Hope it doesn't take you that long
I'm desperately trying to stop sleeping with a lying, drug taking, foul-mouthed nun. I'm finding it hard to quit the bad habit.
Q: Which sexual position produces the ugliest children?  Q: Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? A: Ask your mother. 
Why are black people so fast? Because all the slow ones are in prison
My father owns all the singles ever released by the Beetles except for one... I think he needs Help.  (I will see myself out)
I just had sex while camping. It was fucking in tents
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his butt.
You'll never get hemorrhoids... because you're a perfect asshole. 
How do you fit three gay men on a bar stool? You flip the stool over.
What kind of pokemon is a vagina that's just had an extended session of hard sex? Vulvasore :D
What Do You Call a Bad Circumcision? What do you call a bad circumcision?  A rip off.
So four men go to hell... The demon who is responsible for their punishments has a list in front of him and asks them about their sins.   He says to the first one:   "I see here you have committed the sin of pride"   "Yes, and I'm very proud of it!" he responds.   Then he goes on to the second one:   "I see here you have committed the sin of greed"   "Yes, but I wanted more!" he responds.   He proceeds to the third guy:   "I see here you have committed the sin of wrath"   "Yes, but don't mention it because I'm getting upset" he responds.   Then he goes to the last guy and says:   "I see here you have committed the sin of lust"   And he responds: "GO FUCK YOURSELF ALREADY"      disclaimer: the joke works much better in greek, but I tried. :D
What's the best part about having sex with twenty one year olds? There's twenty of them.
How do you call a homosexual dinosaur Megasoreass
What's the difference between jokes and dicks? Your mother can't take 3 jokes at the same time.
what do you call 5 Asians, a Mexican, and an expletive? A water sprinkler. Chink chink chink chink chink spic shiiiiiiit.
I like my sex how I like puppies... Just a little *ruff*
There are a certain class of women who should be called pub toilets Like many other men, you've had your cock out in them, but you wouldn't lick the floor!
An old woman gets pulled over for speeding.. The cop says, do you know why I pulled you over? You were speeding! She replies.. oh thank god! I thought it was for the drugs, guns and dead bodies in my trunk... oops. The cop, surprised, immediately calls for backup and dogs and swat.. the whole 9 yards. After about an hour of searching and discussing, another officer walks up to the old woman.. excuse me maam.. but the other police officer said you had guns, drugs and bodies in your trunk? The old woman, with a surprised look replies, "He did? Oh my God! I bet that lying Mother fucker said I was speeding too!
Dog licking his balls Two guys were walking down the street when they came across a dog busily licking his balls. One guy said, "Gee, I wish I could do that!" The other guy replied, "I don't know... That dog's balls look pretty nasty to me!"
So 2 men are caught doing drugs... When they are brought to court, the judge says to both of them, "Return in 2 weeks, if both of you are able to convince 100 people that drugs are bad, I'll let you off going to prison and instead you'll do community service."  The 2 men go off and return in 2 weeks. The Judge goes to first man, "How many people did you convince drugs were bad?" "200" he says. "How did you do that?" the judge questions, "I used 2 circles, the large one was your brain before drugs, and the small one was your brain after drugs."  She goes to the second man, "How many people did you convince?" "12000" he replies. "How on Earth did you do that!?" She questions, " Well I used 2 circles too" he begins, "the small one was your asshole before prison, the large one was your asshole after prison."
Kid in a English class :- " Me sleep with Dad last night. " Kid in a English class :- " Me sleep with Dad last night. "  Teacher (correcting) :- No beta,  I slept with Dad last night..   Kid :- U might have come after I slept...��  Teacher:- Getout....������
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Stegosoreass.
Midget Porn... Its not as big as it should be...
What would Hitler be called if he entered into Japan unlawfully? An illegal Aryan.
What did the oblivious asian sea captain say after his sailors washed overboard? No crew!
What did Hitler drink, as a child? Jews!
How do you circumcise a redneck? You kick his sister in the jaw.
Doctor Discharge. A woman says to the doctor.   "Hey Doc, the last couple of days I've been having some sort of discharge."  "Alright, well lets take a look. Take off your pants and lay on the bed."   The doctor inserts a finger into her vagina and says  "Ok, how does that feel?"  The woman says  "It feels great, but the discharge is coming from my ear."
whats the difference between Congress and a condom? You can only fit one dick in a condom.
A family is at the dinner table. The son asks his father, Dad, how many kinds of boobs are there? **The father, surprised, answers, 'Well, son, there are three kinds of breasts. In her 20's, a woman's breasts are like melons, round and firm. In her 30's to 40's, they are like pears, still nice but hanging a bit. After 50, they are like onions'. 'Onions?' 'Yes, you see them and they make you cry.'**
What do you do, if you're jerking off when you're meant to do something else but you're putting it off? Procrasturbation.
What's the difference between a peeping tom and a rapist? A rapist doesn't waste time beating around the bush
How many sah dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. It's already lit. 
My penis used to be in the Guinness Book of World Records. Then I got kicked out of the library. 
What is the warmest organ in the female body after she dies? The dick
If you got ten times as much pussy as me you're still getting zero. Bitch.
What do the starship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common? They both go to Uranus to wipe out the Klingons.  [old classic]
Roses are brown violets are brown let's find out who shit in my yard. Roses are brown violets are brown let's find out who shit in my yard.
How many zen buddists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One and not one.
How do you piss off an emo? Give them a dull razor. 
Is it cocky to have more than one penis? Some might call it too cocky...
Three gay logicians walk into a bathhouse A man greets them and asks would the three of you like to join in our orgy.   The first one says "I dont know" The second one says "I dont know" The third one says "Yes"
I went to a gay pride BBQ earlier, to show my support. I had a really good time but the hotdogs tasted like shit.
What happens when you turn a cashew in to the police? You bust a nut
Lawyer kick game A lawyer is hunting on a farm in Louisiana.  He shoots a duck and it falls dead over a fence on an adjacent farm.  He begins to climb the fence to the other farm to retrieve the duck when he hears an old man yelling at him.  The old man says this is my farm stay the hell off.  The lawyer says I shot that duck and I am retrieving it.  Old man says hell you are, its mine now, down here we operate under Napoleonic law.  Lawyer says I will sue the hell out of you old man.  Old man says, well under Napoleonic law you cant sue me, but we can play the kicking game.  The lawyer is interested and asks what it is.  Old man says, I kick you 3 times, you kick me 3 times til one of us quits.  Lawyer looks the old man up and down and thinks I can take this old man so agrees to the kick game.  Old man says, my property I kick first, jerks his leg back and with all his force kicks the lawyer square in the nuts dropping him to his hands and knees.  Pain shoots throughout the lawyers body, and before he can recover the old mans boot catches him right across the face.  The lawyer falls on his side, seeing stars in the distance, and then the old mans boot catches him right in the gut knocking the wind out of him.  The lawyer has never been in this much pain but wont let an old man beat him so he slowly rises to his feet excitedly anticipating his turn to kick the old man.  He looks at the old man and says, you got three, now its my turn old man.  Old man says, I quit, take the fucking bird.
Why is the weather always shitty around Apple stores? Too many iClouds.
Relationships are like fat people... most of them don't work out.
Think of a good penis joke! Wait, I have a good one right on the tip of my tongue!
A hunter feeds his kids A hunter kills a deer and brings it home. He decides to clean it, prepare it, and serve the deer for dinner. He knows his kids are fussy eaters, and won't eat it if they know what it is, so he doesn't tell them.  His little boy keeps asking him, "What's for dinner dad?"  "You'll see", he replies.  They start eating dinner and his daughter keeps asking him what they are eating.  "Ok", says her dad, "Here's a hint. It's what your mother sometimes calls me."  His daughter screams ... "Don't eat it, Jimmy! ... It's a fucking asshole ..."
Pedophilia and domestic abuse Pedophilia is a lot like domestic abuse. Both will get you in a lot of trouble but if you just beat it in private no one will really care.
Irish Viagra An Irish woman of advanced age visited her physician to ask his help in reviving her husband's libido.  'What about trying Viagra?' asks the doctor.  'Not a chance", she said. "He won't even take an aspirin".  'Not a problem", replied the doctor. "Give him an 'Irish Viagra'. It's when you drop the Viagra tablet into his coffee. He won't even taste it. Give it a try and call me in a week to let me know how things went."  It wasn't a week later that she called the doctor, who directly inquired as to progress.   The poor dear exclaimed, "Oh, faith, bejaysus and begorrah! T'was horrid! Just terrible, doctor!"  "Really? What happened?" asked the doctor.  'Well, I did as you advised and slipped it into his coffee and the effect was almost immediate. He jumped straight up, with a twinkle in his eye, and with his pants a-bulging fiercely! With one swoop of his arm, he sent the cups and napkins flying, ripped me clothes to tatters and took me then and there, took me passionately on the tabletop! It was a nightmare, I tell you, an absolute nightmare!"  Why so terrible?" asked the doctor, "Do you mean the sex your husband provided wasn't good"?  'Twas the best sex I've had in 25 years! But as sure as I'm sittin' here, I'll never be able to show me face in Starbucks again!"
A redneck finds out his girlfriend is a virgin... A redneck finds out his girlfriend is a virgin. Upon hearing this, he stands up, turns away from her, and leaves without a word.  Later, when his buddies at the bar ask what went wrong, he explains...  "If she ain't good enough for her daddy, her uncle, her brother, and her cousin, she ain't good enough for me!!"
Your mama is so fat.... Your mama is so fat her shadow is thinner than her!  This may at first seem counter-intuitive but your mama's ass is so large that it makes light bend around it according to Einstein's General Law of Relativity, thus causing her shadow to be thinner than her.
"It's good but it's not right." Roy Walker having sex with a corpse.
How do Australians have sex? They mate
Did you hear about the two fat men who ran a marathon? One ran in short bursts, the other ran in burst shorts!
A job interview. — What's your worst quality?  — Honesty.  — Well, i don't think that honesty is a bad quality..  — I don't give a fuck what you think.
My wife caught me checking out the nanny the other day. She fired the nanny. Then she told me no more sex for a year!  I said, "You're firing the maid, too?"
Chinese lady got eaten by a tiger - 7/25/2016 (Slightly NSFL) CNN posted a news story on 7/25/2016 about two Chinese ladies who were driving through one of those drive-thru tiger safaris.  (They even have some frightening video footage.)  Apparently, they get into an argument and one lady gets out of the car.  Unexpectedly, a tiger grabs her and starts mauling her.  The other lady gets out of the car and tries to help the lady who's getting mauled.  Out of nowhere, another tiger grabs the lady (the one who was trying to help) and ends up eating her.  The other lady survived.    It was very tragic but for me, the saddest part is what happened to the tiger who ate the lady.  That poor tiger... got hungry again after 30 minutes.
Having sex is like multiplying numbers together If they're under 13, just do them in your head.
A woman decides to become childfree woman: "I'm gonna save a lot of free time if I don't have kids."  random person: "But what if your biological clock runs out? It's not gonna last too long you know."  woman: "I'll just take the batteries from my biological clock and put it in my vibrator. I'll make it last."
I fucked myself last night. I wanted to get first-hand experience.
Whats the difference between My computer and Paul Walker? I give a Fuck when my computer crashes
Asked a German how many sex partners he had.... He said Nein!
How is a penis and a paycheck the same? Neither one is big enough to satisfy your wife
I peed on the floor in front of the beverages at a party Now there's no punchline.
Bernie has a fucked up Campaign Slogan. As a Jew, why the fuck would his campaign slogan be "Feel the Bern"?    Love the guy, best canidate, a bit flawed and optimistic. Don't kill me bernie bros.
I had sex with a Chinese girl. It was great... But I was horny again an hour later.
morale A fly is flying above a river.  A fish swims in the river and thinks ' if the fly flies lower, I could jump out of the river and catch the fly.'  Next to the river is a bear, he thinks 'if the fly flies lower and the fish catches the fly, I can catch the fish and eat it.'  In the bushes near the river is a hunter, eating a sandwich. He thinks 'if the fly flies lower and the fish catches the fly, the bear will catch the fish and I can get close enough to the bear to shoot it.'  Behind the bushes is a tree with a hole in the ground. There is a mouse in front of it. He thinks ' if the fly flies lower and the fish catches the fly, the bear will catch the fish and eat it. The hunter will get close enough to shoot the bear and the breadcrumbs will fall on the ground and I can eat the breadcrumbs.'  In the tree is a cat. She sees all that is happening and thinks ' if the fly flies lower and the fish catches the fly, the bear will catch the fish and the hunter can get close enough to shoot the bear and the breadcrumbs will fall, so the mouse will go away from his hole and eat the breadcrumbs. Then I can eat the mouse.'   So it happens. The fly flies lower. The fish catches the fly. The bear catches and eats the fish. The hunter gets close enough to shoot the bear. The breadcrumbs fall on the ground. The mouse runs to the breadcrumbs and starts eating. The cat doesn't think twice and gets out of the tree and runs towards the mouse. She takes a huge leap to the mouse. The mouse noticed the cat and jumps to the side. The cat misses the mouse and she falls into the river.  What is the morale of this story?
Why isn't there a Price is Right porn yet? Nobody's willing to cum on down
Women are like condoms... They both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick.
My father died in 9/11. I'll never forget his last words... "Allahu Akbar"
Where can Grammar Nazis find asylum? Grammargentina
What do you call a cheap circumcision?? A rip off
How does Angela Merkel sleep at night? She can't, she's too busy getting raped by refugees!
I had sex with a French girl once. I was in some city, not sure which one exactly. We went at it for hours on end in every position we could think of.   In the end, neither one of us managed to come.  I think it was Toulouse. 
One weekend One weekend, the husband is in the bathroom shaving when the kid he hired to mow his lawn, a local kid named Bubba, comes in to pee. The husband slyly looks over and is shocked at how immensely endowed Bubba is.  He can't help himself, and asks Bubba what his secret is.   "Well," says Bubba, "every night before I climb into bed with a girl, I whack my penis on the bedpost three times.  It works, and it sure impresses the girls!"   The husband was excited at this easy suggestion and decided to try it that very night.  So before climbing into bed with his wife, he took out his penis and whacked it three times on the bedpost.    His wife, half-asleep, said, "Bubba? Is that you?"
In high school I hooked up with my teacher... She was really into me... I mean I was home schooled, but still!
Use With Caution A Man In Hurry By Mistake Uses Ladies Toilet In A Five Star Hotel.  He Sits Down And Notices 4 Buttons- WW, WA, PP &amp; APR.  Curious, He Presses WW &amp; He Is Gently Sprayed With Warm Water,  Then WA, A Blast Of Warm Air Dries Him.  Then PP, A Powder Puff Which Left Him Smelling Fresh.  Feeling Pampered He Presses APR.  Next Day He Wakes Up In Hospital.  He Asked the nurse: “What Happened To Me, All I Remember Is I Pressed APR”  A Nurse Smiled And Said “APR Meant Automatic Pad Remover Your Cock And Balls Are In This Jar, If You Want, Take Them.”
What's the difference between Albert Einstein and this newborn i just killed? Albert Einstein died a virgin.
My friend just just dumped a funeral director she was dating. She said he was a real stiff.
a woman walks into a gay bar She says ill give any straight man here all the free drinks he wants, as long as he has sex with me  everyone wanting free drinks decide to go do it,  after they all have sex they go to get the free drinks  she says no, they say why  replied with, If your straight why are you at a gay bar then
Where did the homosexual Indian get his car fixed? The Gay-Raj!
Why didn't King Arthur have any Asian knights? He didn't want any chinks in his armor.
Butt sex is a lot like spinach Even with butter, children don't like it.
Public sex My girlfriend and I were getting kinky and having sex in different places, but she was getting mad because i kept making puns, last week we did it on the park playground, I whispered "I'll just slide right in"   Last week in the cinemas, before I was about to cum, I said "Coming soon in a cinema near you!"   but today, as we were about to do the deed on the beach my girlfriend said, "I think we should sea other people" I just looked at her, put the tip in and said "And i wish your sister wasn't such a starfish."
An American a Chinese and an Indian take a flight An American a Chinese and a Indian taking a long flight. This flight has no windows and they can't see outside. There is a small hole where you can put your hand out.   So first the American puts his hand out. Feels the air and says "Guys we are now flying over United States" and others ask how does he know. He replies "In my country our skyscrapers are so high I can touch them"   Time passes and the Chinese guy puts his hand out and says "Guys we are now flying over China" and others ask how does he know. He replies "In my country our industrial factories create so much smoke I can feel them"   Finally some time passes the Indian guy puts his hand out and immediately says "Guys that's it I'm positive we are now over India" because his response was really fast the other two puzzled asked how does he know?   He replies "When I put my hand out I had a watch in my hand and its missing now" 
Least night, I gave my girlfriend an orgasm! ...and she spat it back in my face. -Jimmy Carr
I'm getting my wife's name tattooed on my penis So I can keep beating her long after she's gone     (I'm so sorry)
There were no gay men at the country club For the second straight year.
What does eating a chick out and being in the mob have in common? One slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit.
I wonder why Japaneses normally don't like Koreans. They are all Chinese, right?
Today my boss fondled my genitals! Being self-employed is great.
What is the preferred medium nice guys watch their porn on? Betamax
What's the difference between my basement and a Ferrari? One is filled with hookers, and the other is my basement!
What's the difference between my jokes and my penis. My jokes don't make women laugh.
What do you call it when a lizard cums? Busting a newt
What do you call a morality story with sharp teeth and green scales? An allegory.
Why did Superman dump Lois for Wonder Woman? He decided he wanted to date someone in the same League.
Another best farting joke i've EVER heard.. There was a Mexican, a American and a Japanese pilot. They were taking turns flying over each of ther countries so they were flying over Kapan and the Japanese guy drops an apple on his country and the other two ask why he did that and he said "Because I love my country!" So they went on to Mexico and the Mexican drops an orange on his country so the other two asked why he did that and he said "Because I love my country" So they went on to America and the American drops a bomb on his country so the other two asked him why he did that and he said "Because I hate my country" So they landed in their respective countries and the Japanese guy was walking and he saw a kid crying so he said whats the matter and the kid said an apple fell out of the sky and hit me in the head. Then the Mexican was walking and he saw a kid crying so he asked what happened and the kid said an orange fell out of the sky and hit him in the head. Then the American was walking and he saw a kid laughing and he ask what are you so happy about and he said "I farted and the building behind me exploded". 
The real reason men enjoy blowjobs? 5 minutes of silence. 
What does a baby computer calls his father? Data. 
The Boy In The Striped Pyjamas (Spoilers) Near the end of the book I think Bruno felt pretty gassed.
I met up with my ex-fiance today and immediately began having sex The police did not take it well as I was only asked to identify the body.
An Irish guy, an Italian guy, and an Asian guy walk on to a construction site. The foreman looks at the three of them, he handed the bigger stockier Irish and Italian gentlemen shovels and said you guys will be digging. He looked at the smaller more scrawny Asian guy and said you will be in charge of supplies. The foreman returns hours later, the workers are just sitting around doing nothing. What is going on here! he demanded to know. The Irish guy and Italian guy said that their shovels had broken. The foreman demanded to know where the Asian man went, no one had seen him since this morning. They all started looking for the Asian man, but he didn't seem to be anywhere. They started to get concerned, construction sites can be dangerous, what if something had happened to him? They eventually despairingly gave up hope, the Asian man was no where to be found. Right at that second the Asian man jumped out from behind a building and yelled supplies!!
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a shit-flinging monkey? The shit-flinging monkey has better hair.
What’s the difference between Trump and a stripper?  Strippers climb polls.
long -A man is driving a semi full of black bowling balls. He spots a black man on the side of the road walking and ask if he wants a ride. he says yes and hops in the back.      the man is driving a few minutes and sees another black man on the side of the road with a broken bike and ask if he needs a ride. the man says yes and hops in the back.     the man has been driving for about ten minutes and has to stop at a station to get his cargo checked. the 2 inspectors walk to the back of the semi. the first one opens it up and screams shutting the door. this startles  the second man and he ask what he saw. the first inspectors say its a truck full of nigger eggs 2 have already hatched and one already stole a bike.  how do i tag this as long or racist
A rich manager went to a whorehouse, plunked down a $100, and said "I'll have the worst blowjob in the joint" The manager was stuck in a tiny town out in the middle of nowhere, waiting for materials to arrive. One week stretched to two, and by the end of the third week he couldn’t take it anymore.   He went into the local whorehouse, plunked down a hundred dollars, and requested the worst blow job in the joint. Pocketing the cash, the madam said, “Sir, for a hundred dollars, you don’t have to settle for the worst. Why, it’ll buy you the very best we have to offer.”  “Let me set you straight,” explained the fellow. “I’m not horny, I’m homesick.”
What do you call a gay New Zealander? A Kiwi Fruit.
Where did Josef Stalin watch pornography? On Redtube.
Replacing the light bulbs in my basement made all the difference. It was like night and day.
What did the virgin say when he was bullied by his peers? "I don't give a fuck" 
How many stoners does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  I don't know, I just set the bulb down somewhere, now I can't find it. Where the hell did the bulb go?
My dad got fired from Cal Trans for stealing... We couldn't believe it. But when we got home, we saw all of the signs.
What's the worst part about making out with a perfect 10? The cold feeling on your lips when you realize you're kissing the mirror
What do you call a black man on the moon? An astronaut you racist fucks. 
What did Hitler said when they invaded Germany? "Someone call Nein one one"
We shouldn't bother fat people They have enough on their plate already.
What did one tampon say to the other? Nothing they are both stuck up cunts
Ever have sex with a schizophrenic? It's fucking crazy.
Two engaged bachelors were talking about their sexual goals entering marriage... The first said "I'm going to spank my wife more often than her dad did!"  The second said, "Hell, I'm hoping to fuck my wife more than her dad did."
I used a penis enlarger... ... and my body height got taller. Am I a dickhead?
I had sex in an elevator.. It was awesome on so many levels!
Why did the boy peek down the toilet bowl?  He was trying to find Winnie the Pooh.
A friend of mine hosted a party to help him get over his girl friend dumping him. Three of us showed up. I brought a deck of cards,and suggested we play a game.  He refused, saying we needed to wait for atleast one more person to show up.  No wonder his girlfriend dumped him. He hated four play.
My girlfriend started smoking after sex, so i started using lube. 
I once met a girl with twelve boobs. Sounds fake, dozen tit?
[NSFW] Shit fuck cunt bitch tits cock ass Good thing I warned you with that NSFW tag!
How do you piss off a historian? Give them a tampon and say what period is this from?
Why do black people prefer Hennessey to Jack Daniel's? Hennessey isn't made in Lynchburg, Tennessee.
What is the difference between wives and prostitutes? Men enjoy dealing with a prostitute's hor-moans
Incest... A game the whole family can play!
How many mosquitoes does it take to screw in a light bulb? 2...and don't ask me how they got in there.  (My 87 year old grandma just told me this one)
A priest and a rabbi... were walking and talking about god together.  A small boy is walking towards them.  The priest says, "Hey, let's take him to the back and screw him."  The rabbi replied, "Outta what?"
American Beer is liking having sex in a canoe... It's fucking close to water.  Heard this from a Dutch friend of mine and thought I would share.
Did you hear about the gay midget? He came out of the cupboard
The interviewer asked me, "What's your worst quality?" I said, "I tend to speak my mind."  He said, "I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing..."  I said, "I don't give a fuck what you think."
They say what kills you in your past life is your biggest fear in this life.. But I'm pretty sure premature ejaculation never killed anyone
A boy's grandfather is smoking a cigar... A boy's grandfather is smoking a cigar. The boy asks, "Hey Grandpa, can I have a puff?"  His Grandpa asks, "Can you touch your peter to your butthole?"  The boy says "No".  His Grandpa replies, "Well, I guess you can't have a puff, then".  The next day, his Grandpa is drinking a beer. The kid asks, "Grandpa, can I have a bit?"  His grandpa asks, "Can you touch your peter to your butthole?"  The boy says no, and his grandpa once again replies "Well, I guess you can't have any".  The next day, the boy's grandma makes him some cookies. While he's eating the cookies, his grandpa asks, "Can I have one?"  The boy asks, "Can you touch your peter to your butthole?"  The grandpa replies "Yes".  The boy then says, "Then go fuck yourself. Grandma made these cookies for me!"
How many flys does it take to screw in a light bulb? As many as you want? Have a fucking orgy for all I care!
Why was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering a minor.
A fat guy named Tom walked into a gym He scoffed at the people there, jealous at the gorgeous abs of its patrons. Then, an arson comes and burns the building down and Tom burns along with everyone else. A day later, Edward (Tom's friend) sadness bought the attention of his neighbor.  Neighbor: What's wrong? Edward: My friend died. Neighbor: Really? How?    Edward: He died of burning calories.  *cricket*
People call my Grandfather Spiderman... He doesn't have superpowers, he just finds it difficult getting out of the bath.
Wearing crocs is like getting a blowjob from a guy... it feels good until you look down and realize you're gay.
My mother, grandmother, great-grandmother and I all currently have diarrhea. Runs in the family. 
Say what you will about hitler... At least he killed 6 million Jews
How many vegans does it take to screw in a light bulb? Oh don't worry, they'll let you know.
Why does Teller piss everyone off when he leaves a party? Goes without saying
How many Freudians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two, exactly.  One to hold your penis and one to turn the lightbulb.   I mean, *the ladder*.   I meant, one to hold the ladder and the other to turn your mother. The lightbulb. You know what I meant.
An Auschwitz prisoner walks in on his friend masturbating with a bar of soap He quickly averts his eyes and shouts "What are you doing? That's nasty!"  His friend looks up and says "I'm fucking your mom".
I was just thinking about my ex girlfriend and how great her breasts were. It was a real trip down mammary lane.  
If I had a dollar for every time I paid for sex... I'd buy a prostitute.
A woman approaches a monk and asks "how come if a man has sex with a lot of women he is a player, but if a woman has sex with a lot of men she is a slut?" The monk looks the woman and says "a key that opens many locks is a master key, but a lock that gets opened by many of keys is a shitty lock"
Why don't women like drinking beer at the beach? Because they'll get sand in their schlitz. 
Harry Potter was originally a Nazi... but "Harry Potter and the *Gas Chamber* of Secrets" wasn't pure enough for Warner Bros.
My friend asked me if i had ever gotten and given oral sex at the same time and i said yes Little does he know i can suck my own dick
A perfect son for a father A: I have the perfect son.  B: Does he smoke?  A: No, he doesn't.  B: Does he drink whiskey?  A: No, he doesn't.  B: Does he ever come home late?  A: No, he doesn't.  B: I guess you really do have the perfect son. How old is he?  A: He will be six months old next Wednesday.
What's the worst thing about a lung transplant? Coughing up someone else's phlegm
I saw this great new documentary about OJ Simpson on ESPN recently. Perhaps you've seen it. It's called "OJ: Made America Great Again"
The Self-service checkout voice is so sexy... I'd give her an unexpected item in the baggage area ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
What'd the muslim say when he walked into the gay bar? Shots for everyone!
A well-dressed man is standing in front of a NYC skyscraper having a cigarette... when a journalist walks up to him.  "Excuse me, sir" he says "My name is Jack Hall and I'm a reporter from the New York Times. Would you mind answering a few questions if you're not in a rush?"  "I'm not in a rush, so ask away" says the man  "Perfect. So I see that you're smoking. How long have you been doing it?"  "I'm 43 now, and I've been smoking since I was 16"  "And what cigarettes do you smoke?"  "I smoke Marlboros"  "And how many packs would you say you smoke in a day"  "About two"  The reporter gets out his calculator and enters some numbers and then turns to the man.  "Sir, did you know that if you didn't smoke, you could buy that skyscraper with the money you would have saved?"  "Oh really?" says the man "and do **you** smoke?"  "No, I don't" says the reporter  "And do you have a skyscraper?"  "No, I don't have one"  "Well, I smoke, and that skyscraper is **mine**"
Whats so good about having sex with 25 year-olds? There are 20 of them.
[Racial] I'm not a racist, I like black people so much.. So much I'm saving some money so I can buy one next christmas..
My dick is so big it was vetted to be Donald Trump's Vice President... But it turns out he didn't want a bigger dick then him on the ticket.
Fart in my wallet Call that gas money
Jack the lad at work came out with this one today... What's the difference between 3 dicks and a joke? Your mom can't take a joke..
When is a feminazi elephant's least favorite book? Of Mice and Men
I'm trying to channel my inner Kubrick for my next porno. I'm calling it "A Cockwork Orange". 
What is the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler? Michael Phelps could finish a race.
I tried to convert to Judaism, but they rejected me when they found out I was uncircumcised. I guess I just didn't make the cut.
What's the difference between a joke and two dicks? Your mom can't take a joke. 
My favourite sex position is the JFK I splatter all over her face and watch her struggle to get out of the car!
What did the overweight gay Frenchman call himself after a long orgy? Fatigué  Thanks r/Sabuleon.
In the eyes of God, there is no good reason to Masturbate... In the eyes of my girlfriend, well she prefers it on her chest.
How did Hitler like his juice? Concentrated
Ancient Chinese Torture A young man was lost wandering in a forest, when he came upon a small house. He knocked on the door and was greeted by an ancient Chinese man with a long, grey beard.   "I'm lost," said the man. "Can you put me up for the night?"   "Certainly," the Chinese man said, "but on one condition. If you so much as lay a finger on my daughter, I will inflict upon you the three worst Chinese tortures known to man."   "Ok," said the man, thinking that the daughter must be pretty old as well, and entered the house.   Before dinner, the daughter came down the stairs. She was young,beautiful, and had a fantastic figure. She was obviously attracted to the young man since she couldn't keep her eyes off him during the meal. Remembering the old man's warning, he ignored her and went up to bed alone. But during he night, he could bear it no longer, and sneaked into her room for a night of passion. He was careful to keep everything quiet so the old man wouldn't hear. Near dawn he crept back to his room, exhausted, but happy.   He woke to feel a pressure on his chest. Opening his eyes he saw a large rock on his chest with a note on it that read, "Chinese Torture 1: Large rock on chest." "Well, that's pretty crappy," he thought. "If that's the best the old man can do then I don't have much to worry about." He picked the boulder up, walked over to the window and threw the boulder out. As he did so he noticed another note on it that read: "Chinese Torture 2: Rock tied to left testicle." In a panic he glanced down and saw the rope that was already getting close to the end. Figuring that a few broken bones was better than castration, he jumped out of the window after the boulder. As he plummeted downward he saw a large sign on the ground that read, "Chinese Torture 3: Right testicle tied to bedpost."
Why do Jewish men get circumcised? They like 50% off everything
What does Bill Clinton say to Hillary Clinton after sex? I'll be home in 20 minutes.
The Italian Virginity Test .... Mario is planning to marry and asks his family doctor how he could tell if his Bride-to-be is still a Virgin. His doctor says … “Mario, all the Italian men I know use three things for what we call a Do-It-Yourself Virginity Test Kit: a small can of Red paint, a small can of Blue paint, and a Shovel.”  Mario asks … “And what do I do with these things, doc?”  The doctor replies … “Before you climb into bed on your wedding night, you paint one of your balls Red and the other ball Blue.  If she says ‘That’s the strangest pair of balls I’ve ever seen!’, you hit her with the Shovel. 
I masturbate with soap Just thought i would come clean
Why do farts smell so bad? So the deaf can enjoy them too.
What do fat girls and mopeds have in common? They're both fun to ride, until your friends find out.
My 93 year old grandfather FTW We were at a family gathering and out of nowhere my 93 year old grandfather announces ''Well, now I have to sit down now when I pee..." All conversation grinds to a halt and everyone looks at him. "My doctor told me no more heavy lifting."
Battle of the sexes Penis used harden. +10 attack.  Vagina used splash. +5 evade.  Penis used penetration. It was super effective! Vagina has become impregnated.  40 year old Uncle's penis wins! 11 year old schoolgirl's vagina loses.  
Its cool to pee into blue toilet water and watch it turn a different color... just not when it turns purple
your mom is so fat that.. The whole U.S nation started this "ur moms so fat" joke exclusively because of her
A fly and his son are out looking for poop to eat... Baby fly: Dad, are we poor?  Dad fly: No we're not poor.  Baby fly: Then why do we always have poop for dinner? Dad fly: Ugh son! Please don't say such disgusting things when we're having dinner. 
A bit of Christmas Doggerel Oh, you better not shout, you better not cry, you better bite the pillow, cuz I'm going in dry.
Want to know why the call my penis the 'Truth'? The 'Truth' hurts
What's it called when you wake up after a night of drinking and feel shitty? Being sober.
I had sex last night... Her: You don't have AIDS, right?  Me: Of course not, why?  Her: Oh thank goodness! I got it last time and it really sucked.
What's a chemist's favourite porn fetish? Propanal
How do porcupines have sex? Very.....................                .          carefully. 
A Polish man steps into an outhouse. He gets inside and sees two holes in front of him.  He's not sure what to do.  So he put a leg in each hole and shit his pants.
I played strip basketball. I played hard.
What can you say about lots of protected sex? It is a common misconception
What's the difference between jokes and dicks? My girlfriend doesn't laugh at my jokes.   *edited for spelling: "Mr" instead of "my"*
The Subjunctive mood is pointless. If I were to create a language, I wouldn't include it.
a frog is sitting on a Lilly pad There is a fly flying around and the frog thinks to himself, if that fly drops six inches I can eat it  There is a fish swimming under the frog and says to himself, if that fly drops six inches the frog will get the fly and I will get the frog.  There is a bird in the air and he says to himself, if that fly drops six inches the frog will get the fly and the fish will get the frog and I will get the fish.  There is a bear on the shore that sees the bird and thinks to himself, if that fly drops six inches the frog will get the fly, the fish will get the frog the bird will get the fish and I will get the bird.  There is a hunter in a tree stand that sees the bear and thinks to himself, if that fly drop six inches the frog will get the fly the fish will get the Frog the bird will get to finish the bear will get the bird and I'll shoot the bear.  There's a mouse sees a piece of cheese hanging out of the hunters pocket he thinks to himself if that fly drops six inches the Frog will get the fly the fish will get the Frog bird will get the fish bear will get the bird Hunter will shoot the bear and I'll grab the cheese.  There's a cat waiting for the mouse and he sees the fly he says if the fly drops six inches the Frog will get the fly the fish will get the Frog the bird will get the fish the bear will get the bird the hunter will shoot the bear the mouse will grab the cheese and I will grab the mouse.  Sure enough the fly drops six inches frog eats the fly the fish eats the Frog The Bird eats the fish the bear eats the bird the hunter shoots the bear the mouse grabs the cheese and about the time the cat grabs the mouse the mouse moves and the cat runs straight into the water.  Moral of the story is every time a fly drops six inches a pussy gets wet
I Farted... I farted infront of my Jewish friend and he got offended, i shrugged and said "what? A little gas never killed anyone"
I've got a gay friend of mine that joined Grindr a couple of weeks ago.. his social life has been such a whirlwind, he's hardly been able to sit down.
Why do black people only have nightmares? Because we killed the only one who had a dream.
What do black men find most shocking about sex? Tazers
Psycopath, murderer, rapist, and a gay guy in a jail cell. There is a Psycopath, murderer, rapist, and a gay guy in a jail cell Rapist- If there was a cat in here I would fuck it. Murderer- Once you are done with it I would torture it to death. Psycopath- Once it's dead I would fuck it till I die. The gay guy in the corner softly says meeeeeoooooowwwww.....
What will you find in the toilet of a ship? The captains log.
What's the hardest part about eating a Vegetable? putting her back in the wheelchair when you're done.
What's the difference between a prostitute's vagina and r/Jokes? The vagina gets new, *original* content injected into it regularly.
A man was speeding down a country road... ...he drove across an old bridge and just after getting to the other side a cop pulls him over. The officer approaches his window and starts with the normal cop procedure, licence, registration, the usual. Sooner or later he says to the guy "what do you do for a living?" And the man says "I'm an asshole stretcher." The cop, obviously taken aback, asks "what's an asshole stretcher?" So the man explains: " well, I start of with one finger, and gently I start working it in... one knuckle... two knuckles... until the whole finger's in there. Then I start working in a second finger, and a third, until finally I got my hand on there. After that I can work my other hand in there. This is important because once I've got my other hand in there I can kind of grab the edges of the asshole and spread it until there's enough room to place my foot in there. So once my foot is in there I real carefully put my foot down and push the asshole upwards until I'm holding it above my head and in the end you've got yourself a 6 foot asshole." The cop scratches his head and says "what the fuck do you do with a 6 foot asshole?" And the guy says "You stick him at the end of a bridge with a radar gun."
How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister in the jaw.
what do you call a chinese millionaire? Cha-Ching
Why I fired my Secretary: Last week was my birthday and I didn't feel very well waking up on that morning. I went downstairs for breakfast hoping my wife would be pleasant and say,  "Happy Birthday!", and possibly have a small present for me. As it turned out, she barely said good morning, let alone "Happy Birthday."   I thought... Well, that's marriage for you, but the kids... They will remember. My kids came bounding down stairs to breakfast and didn't say a word. So when I left for the office, I felt pretty low and somewhat despondent.   As I walked into my office, my secretary Jane said, "Good Morning boss, and by the way Happy Birthday!"  It felt a little better that at least someone had remembered. I worked until one o'clock, when Jane knocked on my door and said, "You know, It's such a beautiful day outside, and it is your Birthday, what do you say we go out to lunch, just you and me."  I said, "Thanks, Jane, that's the greatest thing I've heard all day. Let's go!" We went to lunch. But we didn't go where we normally would go.  She chose instead a quiet bistro with a private table.  We had two Martinis each and I enjoyed the meal tremendously. On the way back to the office, Jane said, "You know, It's such a beautiful day... We don't need to go straight back to the office, do we?"  I responded, "I guess not. What do you have in mind?"  She said, "Let's drop by my apartment, it's just around the corner." After arriving at her apartment, Jane turned to me and said,  "Boss, if you don't mind, I'm going to step into the bedroom for just a moment. I'll be right back." "Okay," I nervously replied. She went into the bedroom and, after a couple of minutes, she came out carrying a huge birthday cake.  Followed by my wife, my kids, and dozens of my friends and co-workers, all singing "Happy birthday". And I just sat there... On the couch... Sobbing... Naked... and erect
My favorite joke in Polish I will try to translate *translation of jokes is weird because sometimes it doesn't sound funny in the other language but I'll try*  (Polish family moving from Europe to America)  Son: Father, are we close to America yet?  Father: No son, we still have a ways to go, and this kayak isn't going to row itself
What do you call a person with normal abs in a universe full of fat people Abnormal
My penis is in the Guinness Book of World Records... ...I wonder how long I can keep it here until I got kicked out of the library. 
What do Europeans call fat European guy ? a wannabe American
Someone really has to have a serious talk with birds about their pooping habits Do they really think we're gonna let that shit fly?
I was going to ask you to have anal sex with me... Butt fuck it.  
A couple wants to have a quickie... ...but their son is in the house. So they tell him to go out on the balcony and tell them what's going on in the neighborhood while they do their thing. He proceeds to the balcony and begins reporting what he sees. "Looks like the Jeffersons got a new dog." he said. "Oh! And the Alans are moving out." he exclaimed. "Look at that. Looks like the Johnsons are having sex." The couple stops dead. "How do you know the Johnsons are making love?" said the boys father. After a short pause he replies, "Because their kid is out on the balcony."
Tragic bus ride  The cheerleaders from Saint Mary's were riding the bus home from an away game when they were tragically struck by a semi killing everyone onboard.    All of the girls arrive at the gates of heaven at the same time where they meet Peter. Peter proclaims "all of the girls sins are forgiven but one". He continues " the only son I cannot forgive is premarital sex, the only way to absolve this sin is to cleanse what ever body part has touched a penis in this fountain."    After a few quiet moments a small group of girls come forward and wash their hands and Peter admits them into heaven. Suddenly Jenny starts rushing to the front of the line to which Peter asks "Jenny why the big rush"? Jenny replies " I just wanna wash my mouth out before Debra washes her asshole"!  
Why do the English never say "I'm going for a piss?" Because they only have the one.
I've always thought chicken breasts just come from female chickens, but it turns out they come from males as well. I suppose that means that I've literally eaten a ton of cock in my life.
What's the difference between a washing machine and a baby? A washing machine doesn't cry when you dump your load in it.
My wife doesn't know this, but I put a dollar in an envelope every time we have sex. This is all I'm spending for her Christmas present. So far she's getting a McChicken. 
Scientists say four out of five people suffer from diarrhea... I'm just wondering, does that mean that *one* other person enjoys it?
Whats the difference between a Christian and a Muslim? One blows up kids, the other gets blown  by them.
How do you piss off an animal rights activist? You eat pita bread.
A lady goes to the doctor for help with her sex life... Doctor: Give your husband viagra.   Lady: I can't, he hates pills.         Doctor: Just put it in his coffee.     Next week she returns, unhappy.   Doctor: Was it good?     Lady: It was the worst sex I ever had. He had a few sips of coffee, then he pushed everything off the table and fucked me on it right then and there.    Doctor: Well, then what's wrong?   Lady: I'll never be able to show my face at Starbucks again.      Posted 1 year ago.  by deathmetal27
The best joke to tell at parties 3 guys find out that they have 3 weeks to live. They realize that they have nothing to show for in their lives, so they each decide to try getting into the Guinness Book of World Records. The first guys says, "I have pretty long arms, maybe I have the longest arms in the world!" The second guy says, "I have a big chest, maybe I have the biggest chest in the world!" The third guys says, "I have a small dick, maybe I have the smallest dick in the world!" So they each submit their applications to the Guinness Book of World Records headquarters. A week later, the book is published, and they all gather around to see the results. The first guy opens the book and says, "Hey look! I have the longest arms in the world!" The second guy looks and says "Wow! I can't believe I have the biggest chest in the world!" And the third guys looks and says, "...Who the fuck is [insert name of one of the listeners]?!"
Hereditary Irritable Bowel Syndrome Runs in the family.
what is common between a pregnant woman and a burned pizza ?? someone forgot to pull it out 
I bet I can piss into that glass A guy walks into the bar, orders a pint of larger, downs the pint in one and slides the glass across the bar. He turns to the bartender and says "I bet you £500 I can piss into that glass, from here without missing a single drop."  The bartender says "You're on!". Like lightening the guy jumps onto his stool and starts relieving himself all over the bar, I mean this guy gets it ALL over, he's pissing on the floor, the stools, the bar and even the bartender himself, he makes sure to give the bartender a good soaking. By the time he's finished the glass is empty but the bartender is drenched, his whole face is dripping with urine, but with a reassured smirk that he is now £500 the richer. The bartender says to the man, chuckling, "You absolute idiot, that'll be £500 please". The guy says "Absolutely, let me go get some money, here you can look after my things until I get back". The guy empties his pockets on a dry patch of the bar and leaves. He comes back a couple minutes later, counting out £500 and this time he is the one laughing to himself. The bartender says to the man "What are you so happy about, you just lost £500!" To which the man replies "I may have lost £500, but you see those men in the window, out front? I bet them £1,000 between them that not only would you let me piss on you, but that I could piss on you and you would be HAPPY about it!" 
How many cops does it take the screw in a lightbulb? The same number it takes to screw public confidence in law enforcement
What does a muslim man say when he has to pee? I need to take Khaleque 
A boy is listening to music on a stereo when his father walks over. The father listens for a few seconds and then turns to his son, "Say, something is off about this song." His son responds, "Are you sure?" To which the father confidently nods and says,"Yep, there's a note out about it."  Edit:Not sure why this is marked as dirty.
Did you hear they had to shutdown Japan's first virtual reality porn exhibition? Too many people came.
What do you call an Asian that has an extra neutron? A Riceotope
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my grandfather did-in his sleep Not screaming like the passengers in his car.
What do you get when you have sex with an STD infested mentally challenged person? The slow clap
Did you hear about the cop that shot a black man? Yep, the black guy was at a gas station and spilled some on his hand. He unknowingly lit up a cigarette and caught his arm on fire. He jumped out the cut and started waving it frantically when A cop pulls up and shoots him for waving a fire arm.
Your trapped in a room with 1000 dicks on the wall... How many do you choke on?
Two bisexual, part black-part asian, part jewish-part muslim, transgendered vegan cyclists walk into an SJW bar... All others in the bar immediately get up and leave fearing they might just inadvertently end-up offending them.
Did you hear about the fly that sat on the toilet seat? It got pissed off. 
LPT: Don't eat Taco Bell for breakfast. Or you're gonna have a shitty day.
My friend had to go to the doctor, because all he could see were dicks. Turns out he was cock-eyed. 
A Michael is hosting an 'emotion' themed party It turns 8 o'clock and the guests start to arrive one by one. First comes John who is wearing all red.   'Hey John' said Michael, 'what emotion are you?' 'Angry' john growled and Michael let him in.   Next comes Mary and she is wearing all blue.   'Hi Mary' said Michael, 'what emotion are you?'  'I'm sad' said Mary in a melancholic tone and with that she was let in.   Then, Peter turns up to the door arse naked with his penis in a bowl of custard.   'What the hell are you doing Pete?' Michael screamed, to which Peter responded 'come on Mike, Im fuckin disgusted' 
Two condoms are walking down the street when they pass a gay bar... One turns to the other and asks, "Hey man, wanna go get shit faced?"
A cop is particularly pissed off one day and decides today is the day to enforce the letter of the law on a 4 way stop.  One unsuspecting guy rolls through the stop sign and this cop has had enough.    Cop:  "License and registration NOW!"  Guy:  "Easy officer, what seems to be the problem?"  Cop:  "You failed to come to a complete stop at the intersection back there"  Guy: "You know, I don't get what the big deal is...I mean, I slowed down!  I mean seriously, what's the difference?"  Cop:  "Get out of the car."  Cop proceeds to throw the guy on hood of the car, pulls out his night stick, and keeps beating him repeatedly with it.    Guy:  "Holy shit, what are you doing?? Why are you doing this!!??"  Cop pauses for a second and asks:  "Now,tell me,  do you want me to stop or slow down?"
Life is a lot like a Penis. Life is a lot like a Penis.. Simple,soft,straight,relaxed and hanging freely..then a woman makes it hard...!!!
What does it mean when a blind girl says you have a big penis? She's probably just pulling your leg!
What can I eat in the evening in front of the TV that wouldn’t make me fat? What can I eat in the evening in front of the TV that wouldn’t make me fat?  Your fingernails.  &gt;&gt; I love to help in those online Q&amp;A communities.  
Excessive Sexual Demands! A farmer's wife was at her lawyer's getting advice about a divorce.  "He makes excessive sexual demands on me, Mr. Jones."  "How do you mean?"  "Well, Mr. Jones," says the farmer's wife, "this morning I was looking at the chickens when he crept up behind me and had me from behind!"  "Chickens? Mrs. Smith. I didn't know you kept chickens?"  "We don't, Mr. Jones. This was in the supermarket!"
What's the hard part about breaking up with a Japanese person? You have to drop the bomb twice so they get the message
My wife suggested that I get myself one of those penis enlargers, so I did. She's 25 and her name is Kathy.
Gay guys are having dinner He turns to a Mexican boy and said, ha-ha,. you're going to get a drink from the river. The young man replies he is not a faggot" he thinks and runs to her side to see what's wrong.
So i recently came over my ex... Hit her right in the eye!   Sorry. 
What do you call a Transformer that's also an optometrist? Oculus Prime.
My friend Jeff constantly farts silently. What a dumb asshole.
What's the best way to reward a fat waitress? Cow tipping.
I tried the blowjob trick with dogs and peanut butter I don't know what the fuss is all about.  It tasted terrible.
My friend said the creator of Spider-Man took a crap on he chest. He apparently called it a Stan Lee Steamer
What do women and fly wire have in common? The more you bang them, the looser they get.
A father buys a lie detector robot that slaps people when they lie. He decides to test it out at dinner one night. The father asks his son what he did that afternoon.  The son says, "I did some schoolwork."  The robot slaps the son.  The son says, "Ok, Ok. I was at a friend's house watching movies."  Dad asks, "What movie did you watch?"  Son says, "Toy Story."  The robot slaps the son.  Son says, "Ok, Ok, we were watching porn."  Dad says, "What? At your age I didn't even know what porn was."  The robot slaps the father.  Mom laughs and says, "Well, he certainly is your son."  The robot slaps the mother.  Robot for sale.
My girlfriend says she prefers a dildo over me. I never saw it coming
A gorilla walks into a bar and orders a banana martini, the bartender thinks this is peculiar and realizes he's in a dream. He wakes up and hurriedly tells his wife the dream to which she tells him to shut the fuck up. The man then turns around and sobs, remembering his marriage is in shambles 
My friend had a funeral for her baby who was killed by a lawnmower... I hope he Rests In Pieces.
What does the Captain Kirk and toilet paper have in common? They both circle Uranus searching for Klingon's
What does a robot do after a one night stand? He nuts and bolts
Why isn't Hitler in Mario Kart? Because he would be an incredibly inappropriate choice for a Nintendo game that is largely marketed towards children.  Also, he has never been in any Mario games, so that makes choosing him even more unlikely.
I told my gay friend I could turn fruits into vegetables... He said "prove it."  So I pushed him off the balcony.
My bestfriend told me their are gay people on reddit. I told him your right.;)
Once Upon A Time There Was A Fat Woman A Fat Woman: Mirror, Mirror on the wall, who’s the fairest of them all?   Mirror: Kindly move aside. I can’t see anything.
A Welshman and a Scot were walking across a field when they come to a white picket fence. There were a bunch of sheep on the other side of the fence and one of the sheep had it's head stuck between the pickets. The Welshman jumped the fence and fucked that sheep hard. When he was finished, he looked at the Scot and said "Your turn!"  So the Scot pulled his pants down and stuck his head in the fence.
why don't black people go on cruises? Because they already fell for that shit once.
What's the difference between hardware and software? A floppy dick
Why do Jews watch porn backwards? So they can watch how the hooker pays the money back.
Have you ever smelled Moth balls? Dad: Have you ever smelled Moth balls?   Me: yes...  Dad: How did you get there tiny little legs apart?!
Johnny wanted to have sex.... Johnny wanted to have sex with a girl in his office, but she belonged to someone else…  One day, Johnny got so frustrated that he went up to her and said, "I’ll give you a $100 if you let me screw you,But the girl said NO.  Johnny said, "I’ll be fast. I’ll throw the money on the floor, you bend down, and I’ll be finished by the time you pick it up."   She thought for a moment and said that she would have to consult her boyfriend… So she called her boyfriend and told him the story. Her boyfriend says, "Ask him for $200, pick up the money very fast, he won’t even be able to get his pants down."   So she agrees and accepts the proposal. Half an hour goes by, and the boyfriend is waiting for his girlfriend to call. Finally, after 45 minutes, the boyfriend calls and asks what happened.  She responded, "The bastard used coins!" 
What did the nurse say when she found a rectal thermometer in her pocket? "Some asshole has my pen!"
Why do Jewish women love circumcisions? They'll get their hands on anything that's 10% off.
My wife told me I have to stop masturbating But I told her she can go fuck herself
Why does Anna's mom encourage her daughter to experiment with sexuality? Because she lives bicuriously through others .
How many hookers does it take to screw in a light bulb? I don't know, but my basement's still dark
Having sex at work is alright As long as you don't work at a daycare 
How many BLM protestors does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just one to hold the bulb while the world revolves around them.
How do you make a gay man have sex with a woman? Shit in her cunt.
Sex with my ex was like Disneyland. I'd have to wait in line for an hour and a half and when it was finally my turn I wasn't big enough to get on the ride.
What's it called when you get a boner on a movie set? A direction
The UK announced it's removing tax from tampon sales. Though there will undoubtedly be strings attached.
What did the doctor say to the obese patient after Brexit? It is time you lose a few pounds!
I find that women in nightclubs are like toilets in nightclubs They're either engaged or vacant and some of them are disabled 
If watching internet porn and jerking off is masturbating, then what do you call what your other hand is doing? Clickbating
So I went to visit my Father, after a hurricane... He had lived in a secluded village on the sea, separated from the mainland for 20 years. Like many older men, he wasn't used to the new world, disliked immigrants and the Government.  In the Hurricane, one of the only two bridges linking the village to the mainland was destroyed. When I arrived, he asked why I was late, and I explained that the bridge I usually drove on into the village had been destroyed, and wasn't going to be repaired, as the government simply did not have the resources to build a thirty foot bridge for such a small village.  "Thirty feet?" He answered back. "Y'know, a black family just moved in round the corner. Cut their feet off, almost got yourself thirty feet right there".  Once again, he had surprised me with his ignorance. I jokingly played along. "For some reason, I don't think you could drive a car down a bridge made of feet."  "Yeah, but you could certainly walk down it! It would make a perfect footbridge!"
How do you get a Warriors fan to stop masturbating? Paint his dick Cavaliers maroon and yellow.
How much pussy does a Monk get? Nun
For every upvote this gets, my girlfriend and I will try one thrust of anal sex. I wouldn't bother upvoting more than 12 times, that's my record
What is the difference between Hilary Clinton, Donald Trump, and George Washington? One has a dick, one is a dick, one has a dick and is a dick.
What happens when you put dick into vagina? Vagdickina
How does Luke Skywalker masturbate? Han Solo 
While it's technically correct that muslims have 72 virgins waiting for them in heaven...  they still only get one girl apiece. 
I fucked an Asian in an elevator. It was Wong on so many levels.
Relationships are like fat girls They don't work out.
Whats the difference between racism and Asians ? Racism has many faces.
How does a pregnant black woman fight crime? Abortion
I dreamed that I got a handjob... Three guys go to a ski lodge, and there aren't enough rooms, so they have to share a bed.   In the middle of the night, the guy on the right wakes up  "I had this wild, vivid dream of getting a hand job!"   The guy on the left wakes up, and unbelievably, he's had the same dream, too.   Then the guy in the middle wakes up and says, "That's funny, I dreamed I was skiing!" 
A gay man visits his hometown... and runs into the local church's pastor. The pastor encourages the man to attend the upcoming Sunday service, but the man politely declines. The pastor says that if the man comes to the service, He will be allowed to pick the hymns. The man quickly becomes excited and agrees to attend. Sunday comes along, and after the pastor finishes his opening remarks, invites the gay man to the front of the room. The pastor places his arm around the man and asks which hymns He has selected. The man looks around the room, checking out each man in the congregation, and says, "I'll pick hymn, hymn, and hymn!"
What does a neutrino have in common with me We are both constantly penetrating your mom
My Place? This beautiful woman was sitting at the end of the bar one night. This guy sitting at the other end sees her, he has had a few drinks and decides to go over and talk to her. After a few more drinks together they start getting touchy feely with each other. After making out, the guy looks deep into her eyes and says, let go to my place for a night cap. She replies, I cannot, I am on my menstrual cycle. He has a big smile on his face and says, Great! You can follow me, I am on my moped.  
Q.When do you kick a midget in the balls? A: When he is standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice .
I was going to make a Nazi joke but. It is out of mein kampfort zone.
A woman with large breasts thought about breast reduction surgery. They were her biggest issue.
why did the blonde make her boyfriend jizz in her water every morning? her doctor told her cumin in ger water would help her lose weight.
I just broke up with my Japanese girlfriend... I had to drop the bomb a couple times before she got it.
What do you call a quiet asian? Silent-li
I went to a museum with my father and brother... So I went to the Guggenheim museum with my brother and father because the other museum was closed and no one bothered to check if it was open today. So when we walked in, there was huge spiral in the center. We walked up it and went into the first room. There were three paintings on the wall. The first one was all white except for a black dot in the center. The one next to it had two black dots. The one on the right had three black dots in a triangle. I looked to the right and there were two more, one all black and one all white.   We walked out and went up to the the next room. It had a chandelier with one light burned out. Underneath it was a perfectly symmetrical pyramid of sand.  We went up to the third room and in there was a very nice natal behind velvet rope and a single rotting sandwich on it.  After exploring a few others rooms on my own, I found my father staring at a wall looking at something, thinking what it meant. I thought, *wow, my father's a dumbass*, but since I'm his son, I pondered with him. Pretty soon my brother joined us and then even more people showed up. Very quickly a large group of us were staring at it, wondering what it meant.   We were all staring at the exit sign.
Why did Hitler commit suicide? Because he saw the gas bill
What do you call someone who can only be sexually aroused by episodes of the Simpsons? Homersexual.
The sexy 21yr old woman that lives nextdoor to me just knocked on my door and accused me of stealing underwear from her washing line... ...i almost shit her pants!
Why do black people exist? Because the indians could not stop fucking the buffalo.
I was burgled last night, someone stole all my documents. I was de-filed.
I tried masturbating at work once Nothing came of it though.
This one time I farted in an Apple Store.. ...and everyone got mad.   But, hey, it's not my problem they don't have *Windows*.
What do you call a shitty bungalow? Dungalow.
Welcome to Dick's hotdogs, if you like hotdogs, you'll love dicks.
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two.  Edit: lol it flaired accurately
Remember back in the day when you'd call someone gay and it was an insult? Now a day, everybody is just so butthurt when you do...
A guy was walking to a bar and on his way he found a girl tied up to the railroad tracks. He untied her and they had sex. Guy gets to the bar, friends ask why he's so late, tells them about the girl he found and all the different positions they fucked in. Friends give him props and ask if he got head, guy replies "I couldn't find it."
I turned into a transformer last night... And boy are my arms tires 
I went to that new sexy internet café My server sure had a nice rack
What is black and screams? Stevie Wonder answering the iron.
I've been trying to give myself a sexchange... but I just can't pull it off.
Did you hear about that guy who had his penis enlarged? He's much cockier now.
My son was thrown out of school today for letting a girl in his class wank him off. I said,"Son that's three schools this year. Maybe teaching isn't for you."
A girl once said to me, "you know, if god intended women to suck dick, he'd have made cum taste like chocolate" I said "Yeah, but he had to make it taste like bleach so you remember to do the laundry"  - Doug Stanhope
I used to be a bit cocky... but now I'm absolutely flawless.
What did the man with five penises say when somebody asked how condoms fit? Like a glove.
I know I'm not gay... I've tried that shit before and I hated it!
Had sex with a socialist girl a little while back. Think I'm gonna need to see a doctor. whenever I pee, I start to feel the Bern.
On its wedding night, why did the jungle cat have sex with the hotel receptionist? It was a fast cheetah 	
[NSFW]Did you know that when you stick your dick in a vacuum....and turn it on to reverse... they'll kick you out of Sears? __  Someone wrote in the comment jumping on my ass about nit giving credit. I heard this on Conan last night by comedian Matt Donaher. I wasn't stealing the guys joke. I'd never seen anyone on here giving credit to people they hear the jokes from. And because I have to write this so no one else gets their panties in a wad it kinda kills the joke. I mean honestly it'd take a guy with experience to come up with that joke and since I *don't have* a dick I couldn't have written it. So anyway, now no one else can stick their pitchfork in my ass. Thanks buzz killer...it's not as if this sub gives karma points anyway. No profit to be made here. Now it's time to bury this shit out of this joke, because people are gonna read this and think wah wah wah.
A LESSON IN MORALS One day at the end of class, little Johnny's teacher asks the class to go home and think of a story to be concluded with the moral of that story. The following day the teacher asks for the first volunteer to tell their story.  Little Suzy raises her hand. "My dad owns a farm and every Sunday we load the chicken eggs on the truck and drive into town to sell them at the market. Well, one Sunday we hit a big bump and all the eggs flew out of the basket and onto the road."  When the teacher asked for the moral of the story, Suzy replied, "Don't keep all your eggs in one basket."  Little Lucy went next. "My dad owns a farm too. Every weekend we take the chicken eggs and put them in the incubator. Last weekend only eight of the 12 eggs hatched."  Again, the teacher asked for the moral of the story.  Lucy replied, "Don't count your chickens before they hatch."  Next up was little Johnny. "My uncle Ted fought in the Vietnam war, and his plane was shot down over enemy territory. He jumped out before it crashed but could only take a case of beer, a machine gun and a machete. On the way down, he drank the case of beer. Then he landed right in the middle of 100 Vietnamese soldiers. He shot 70 with his machine gun, but then he ran out of bullets! So he pulled out his machete and killed 20 more. Then the blade on his machete broke, so he killed the last ten with his bare hands."  The teacher looked a little shocked. After clearing her throat, she asked what possible moral there could be to this story.  "Well," Johnny replied, "Don't f**k with Uncle Ted when he's been drinking."
What's the difference between an intern and bird shit? No one intentionally steps on bird shit.
Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack? He comes once a year!   :-) 
How do you hold your liqour? I hold mine by the ears. 
I couldnt go back to work, especially after what my shitty boss said to me. Damn, what did he say?   You are fired
A priest and a rabbi Are walking past a school, the priest says to the rabbi hey want to screw a little boy and the rabbi says to the priest screw him out of what?!
How many 'sah dudes does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, it's already lit.
A boy brags to his friends that he just lost his virginity... A boy came running in a room full of his friends bragging about losing his virginity.  His friends asked him to sit down and tell them the whole story.  He replies "I can't sit down, my ass hurts." 
A man was pissed off at his boss. He decided to go for a walk to calm down. As the man was walking along, he accidentally kicked a lamp. A genie appeared from the lamp and said "I am the genie of the lamp. I shall grant you three wishes, but be warned, the person you hate the most, your boss, will receive twice as much of whatever you wish for."  Intrigued, the man made his first wish. "I wish for a beautiful wife," he said.  "It is done." With a puff of smoke, the genie gave the man a beautiful wife, but the genie also gave the man's boss two beautiful wives.  The man said, "For my second wish, I wish for a mansion on the beach."  The genie replied, "It is done," and granted the man a mansion on the beach. However, the genie also gave the man's boss two mansions on the beach.  The genie then said, "Alright, you have one wish remaining. What is your final wish?"  The man replied, "I wish you'd beat me half to death."
Male in the club Orders a Beer Male in the club Orders a Beer..  Female next To Him- What A Co-incidence, Even I Have Ordered the same..  Man-I'm so Happy.  Female-Me too.  Man-Wat A Coincidence.  Lady-My Husband &amp; I Have Tried 4Yrs For A Baby.. Today I'm Pregnant.  Man-Wat A Co-Incidence. I Am A Farmer From 4Yrs My Hens Were Infertile, Today All Laying Eggs  Lady-Wow How Did That Happen?  Man- I Used A Different Cock.  Lady SMILED, &amp; Said WHAT A COINCIDENCE!! 
Why do black men cry after sex? From the pepper spray.
An Englishman, an American, and an Asian are sitting at the bar... Sharing stories over drinks. The subject of dogs comes up to which the Englishman says:  "Oh I could never own a dog." The other two ask him if he doesn't like dogs, to which he replies "I like dogs well enough, but my problem is that they chew everything they get near. I had a friend over once, and she brought her dog, who by the end of the hour had eaten my $300 Italian leather shoes."  The American nods in response. "Now that you mention it, my Labrador got a hold of my favourite boots a while back. Ate them to bits. I had those boots since I was a teenager, and I was just devastated to find him chowing down on them."  "Oh yeah, I'm sure you set him straight after that," the Englishman says.   "Oh, of course. Made sure he learned real quick. Never did it again, to his credit."  The Asian man chuckles and swirls the ice in his drink. "My dog ate my homework once when I was still in school."  The American laughs, "Well I'm sure you encouraged him to do that from then on!"  "Not really. My parents were overly concerned about my grades, and weren't really happy that he did that."  "Ahh I see," the American says, and the Englishman nods. "So did you set him straight?"  "Never got a chance - he was only at our house for dinner."
I admit I've had sex with over 30 women in my life But  it only happened one  time.   
What does walking a tight rope and receiving a blow job from your mother-in-law have in common? In both cases it is strongly advisable to not look down
Superman was out flying around... ...when he happened to see (via his x-ray vision) Wonder Woman in a nearby house, alone and lying naked on a bed. He was very turned on by the sight and quickly had an evil thought. "I'm faster than a speeding bullet, so I bet I could fly in there, have my way with her, and be outta there before she even realizes what's happening."  So he flew in, thrusted away, and departed at an incomprehensible speed. As he flew away again, Wonder Woman exclaimed, "What the hell was that?!"  And the Invisible Man replied, "I don't know, but it sure tore up my ass!"
I named my dick "The Truth" Because bitches can't handle it.
Life is like a penis. Simple, relaxed and hanging freely. It's the woman that make it hard.
What do you call a white haired mammal from the North pole who immigrates to the South pole in search of sexual enlightenment? A bi-polar bear. 
Teaching my father computer shortcuts Father:  " Son, I just don't understand some of these things, I want to ctrl D but when I do I end of pasting everything?" My response "No dad, that's ctrl V" Mother responds " Well he couldn't ctrl his D in my V 15 years ago either!"
What do you call it when you say "please" and "thank you" during sex? common Coitusy
What's the best part about banging twenty two year olds? There's twenty of them. 
How many Suhhh Dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, it's already lit fam
9/10 people actually enjoy a group rape
What is the difference between racism and the Chinese? Racism has many faces.
I like my women like I like my condoms. Wrapped around my dick and full of my semen.
What's the best thing about having sex with twenty-nine year-olds? There's twenty of them.
Tyrone says "come on shaniqua one extra stripe on a zebra wont hurt her" She replies " fucker stop talking about my strech marks"
The New Hat  An elderly lady was standing at the railing of the cruise ship holding her hat tight so that it would not blow away in the wind.  A gentleman approached her and said, "Pardon me, madam. I do not intend to be forward but did you know that your dress is blowing up in this high wind?"  "Yes, I know," said the lady. "I need both my hands to hold onto this hat."  "But madam, you must know that you are not wearing any panties and your privates are exposed!" said the gentleman in earnest.  The woman looked down, then back up at the man and replied, "Sir, anything you see down there is 75 years old. I just bought this hat yesterday!"
What do sex in a canoe and American beer have in common?  They’re both fucking close to water
Do you know how to access gay porn? Press "C : ENTER : ###"
I give myself an excuse for watching porn. By pretending I'm watching "How it's made: Babies" on youtube.
What's the difference between a black man and a park bench? The park bench can support a family  Sorry but on mobile and don't know how to add racist tag.
How many boring guys does it take to screw in a light bulb? One
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall....... And was shot down by trump border police
I've been debating with myself about masturbating... On one hand it feels great...  Edit: Thanks Bo 
How did a gay man sit on a stool with only 1 leg? Upside down
What's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer? A hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
[DARK] A bulky muslim man walks into a gay bar... He says "EVERYONE, WANNA SEE THESE GUNS??"  Everyone "YEEEAAAHHH!!!"    And. Thats how Orlando happened.   And dark humor is never too soon :)
My wife doesn't like it when I pee in the shower... Especially when I'm not in it...  And she is. 
Man sentenced to five years for masturbating with soap in public. Came clean in court.
Did you know that Hitler made a rap album? Straight out of Mein Kampf-ton.
A farmer is transporting donkeys across the interstate. He is driving at a brisk but legal pace when he was suddenly pulled over by a two state troopers.  The first trooper says, "Sir, do you know how fast you were going?"  The farmer looked at him, puzzled, and replied, "Yes, as a matter of fact, I was going five miles below the speed limit!"  The first trooper angrily looks over at the second and says, "You told me he was speeding!"  Flustered, the second officer replies, "No no no, I said he was hauling ass!"
What do you call a gay guy in a coma? Fruity.
My grandfather's favorite joke.... Where do you find a dog with no legs? Right where ya left it.  [My grandfather suffers from dementia and for some odd reason he remembers this joke and continues to tell it.]  Edit: Sorry I am relatively new to reddit so I've added some brackets thanks guys!  Edit 2:I decided to show my grandfather this, he LOVED IT he was smiling after I told him people from the Internet liked his joke. He was laughing at all your jokes too (especially the what do you call a dog with no legs one). Thanks guys, it means a lot. :) 
What do you call a guy with no arms and no legs who gets shit and pissed on all the time? John
What do you call a cheap circumcision A rip off.
'Ghost In The Shell' ran tests to make white actors look asian. Turns out actors aren't very good at math.
Why was a guy arrested for peeing on Indian land? He was on a Nipissing reserve. 
I used to piss my pants in front of my 3rd grade class.... And it cost me my entire teaching career..
I caught my friend watching gay Cuban porn last night... It was called Juan on Juan. 
What's the gayest way to die? Prince died from the flu ... Theraflu?
What is afraid of pussy? Mice, what else?
Whats the difference between the government and a stripper? Strippers don't rig their polls. 
What did Mexican Anakin say when he heard about the Catholic Priest sex scandals? Now *this* is Padre sin!
A bear and a rabbit are taking a shit in the woods... The bear says to the rabbit, "You ever have a problem with shit sticking to your fur?" The rabbit says, "No." So the bear wipes his ass with the rabbit. 
Black guy and a white girl hook up. A black guy and a white girl meet at a bar and go back to her house. They start fooling around and he begins taking his pants off. She stops him and says "is it true what they say about black guys"? He says " yes. Yes it is" then stabs her and takes her purse.
I hate when people say Hitler did nothing wrong afterall he did commit suicide...
Yo Momma So Fat Yo momma is so fat when she got on the scale it said, "I need your weight not your phone number.
I went to get a physical and the doctor told me I need to stop masturbating... I said, "why?"  He said, "Because I am giving you a physical!"
What do you call a white guy with a small dick? Caucasian
I hear Clark Kent is quite the overprotective father. His children are under constant supervision.   Edit: I don't know why the 'dirty' tag appeared. I thought they were added randomly as a, well, as a joke.
I can eat an untied shoe lace and poop it out tied I shit you knot!
How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? That's not funny.
How is Trump different from Hitler? Unlike Hitler Trump wants to round up every Juan.  Edit : No offence to Trump supporters or anyone!
What do you call a Chinese man with a bad internet connection? Hi Ping
I'm a devout Catholic with a sex addiction. I'm a hole-y fucker.
You've wasted your time explaining sex to me I still don't get it.
I always carry a picture of my wife and children in my wallet. It reminds me why there's no fucking money in there.
Me and my girlfriend tried anal the other night... Me and my girlfriend tried anal the other night for the first time. didn't go so well. no idea how my ass is supposed to fit inside her vagina...
A male porn star sits on the casting couch of a women's production house An older producer sits behind her desk and says, "This is not your average porn job. We have standards. For one, you must be able to act."  "I once played King Richard the third in a Central Park Shakespeare troupe. I can act."   "Well, that is impressive," she replies, "but now it's down to brass tacks. Time to drop trou and inspect your goods."  The man stood and lowered his pants. She squinted. Came around her desk and bent over for a closer look with a magnifying glass in hand. Then frowned. "Don't you think that's too small?" She asked.   "Only on some occasions."
"Jared" from Subway recently posted an image on Reddit of him sucking a minor's penis ... ... he later deleted the image and replied "Oops, wrong sub."
Two prostitutes are waiting by the corner ...for a client, on a cool and windy night. The first one says with a sense of optimism, "I am sure that the wait is gonna end soon. I can sense a dick close by. I can smell it. I can *smell* it".  To which the second one responds with a smile, "No silly.. I just burped"
What's the best way to turn a pussy into a dick? Give it a badge. 
What do fat chicks and mopeds have in common? They're both alright for a ride until your mates find out!
Why was the fat man angry after going to the dentist? Because they didn't give him enough fillings.
What's the difference between an old bus stop and a crab with big boobs? One's a crusty bus station the other is a busty crustacean 
Life is like toilet paper... you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole
i'm working on a porn filtering app that would show only vanilla porn... but I can't work out the kinks 
A Chinese restaurateur asked his wife for a 69. She said "Why you want beef and broccoli?".  You have to say the punchline in the most offensive accent possible.
So the first time I saw my boyfriends dick.. The first time I saw my boyfriends dick, we were in his uncles back yard. First time he ever touched my boobs we were in his uncles pool. I'll explain why this isn't awkward or weird at all; it was my uncles house too 
What does a cannibalistic homosexual sailor eat? Semen.
Why do hockey players wear so many pads? Because they have 3 periods every game!
I wish life was like a bad hand of spades No Trumps  . . . . . . . . .      ...I'll see myself out.
Why did Hitler always win at limbo? Because no one else could stoop any lower.
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just two, but you need a fairly big lightbulb.
Trying to prove a political point through the use of an analogy is like fucking stupid
Once you go black... ..you become a single mother.  ^^^sorry
Don't make fun of a fat person with a lisp... ...they're probably thick and tired of it.
What do you call Pixar porn? Fucked Up
A stork will always bring a baby..... But a swallow never will
What do you get when you cross a blowjob with the Arctic? The Oral-Borealis
Why are black people so good at basketball? They are experienced in running, stealing and shooting.
How did Hitler greet his guests? Please, make yourselves kampfortable
If the N word is something only black people can use.... I mean, they started bitching when we gave them their own bathrooms, fountains and telephone booths.
Advertisement for a crane company... Advertisement for a crane company: Call us, and we’ll hook you up!
Why did Hitler kill himself? He got his gas bill.
What do you call a bouncer at a gay club? A flamethrower
What is the best thing about having sex with a transgender? Reaching around and pretending it went all the way through.
A father caught his teenage son filming a lewd act on his cell phone with his girlfriend. He was outraged, having thought that he had raised his son to be better than this. In his rage, he shouted, "Son! I never, ever want to see you film vertically ever again!"
What's made of wood, is full of semen and coasts through the front entrance? A Trojan seahorse
I like my sex like I like my Star Wars characters. ...Han solo. 
I have a Pakistani girl friend. Last night she said that she wanted to blow me. Now I wasn't sure if I should lower my pants or call the cops.
I was thinking of opening up a new business... For teenage abortions called: Little miss conceptions 
I tried phone sex for the first time the other day... Didn't really like it though, the phone was too cold.
Why do women close their eyes during sex? Some women just can't stand seeing a man have a good time.
How kinky is too kinky?   A guy is sitting in a bar having a drink and sees a beautiful blonde haired girl across the way making eyes at him.  He goes over and says, "Excuse me, miss, may I buy you a drink?" "Sure," she says, "have a seat."  The man sits down and they get to talking. "You know," the man says, "This is kind of a funny subject, but my wife just left me. She said I was too kinky in bed." "REALLY?!?!" the girl says, "My boyfriend just left me because I was too kinky. Do you want to go back to my place and get a little kinky?"  So they finish their drinks and leave. When they get to the girls house, she says, "Wait here I'm going to slip into something a little more kinky."  She comes out from her room wearing a leather teddy, with a whip in one hand and handcuffs in the other, but the guy is grabbing his coat and heading for the door.   She says, "Wait a minute, I thought we were going to get kinky!"  He says, "Jesus, lady I already shit in your purse and fucked your dog. I'm done here!"
What's the difference between a circus and a strip club? The circus has a bunch of cunning stunts...
Man with a drippy dick. What did the man with a drippy dick say before he went to the bathroom?  I'll be back in three shakes.
Saw a black man run down the street with a flatscreen under his arm At first i thought it was mine,  but then i remembered that mine was chained in my backyard picking cotton
Yo mama's so ugly Even her dildo went limp.
How do you turn your girlfriend into an angry pirate? Cum in a her eye and kick her in the shin.
Little boy has diarrhea and tells his mom he needs viagra Mom replies " What the hell for?" Boy replies "Isn't that what you give dad when his shit doesn't get hard?"
I just came back from my trip to the Virgin Islands... Now they just call them Islands.
Is this where you put your jokes? According to my ex wife my career and penis should be here
I think my best friend is gay His dick tastes like shit
What's the difference between drunk people and black people? Drunk people are found **IN** bars. Black people are found **BEHIND** them.
Why did little Suzie want to play outside? She didn't want her uncle to play with her.
Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet eating some curds and whey.  Along came a spider that sat down beside her  and said ... ......“What’s in the bowl, bitch?”
Someone farted in an Apple Store. Too bad they don't have Windows.
Being a pornstar must be the best job ever... because you can suck dick at your job and you still get paid!
A terribly ugly woman enters a store. On each hand, she has a child. The clerk asks the woman: "Are those twins?" "No," the woman says, "They´re three years apart. Why? Do you think they look alike?" The clerk says: "No, I just can´t believe you got laid twice."
Why is the part of a woman between her hips and her breasts called a waist? Because they could have easily fitted in another pair of tits there...
Ever since I became asexual I've found I have to repeat myself a lot. ... You're not getting it? Neither am I. ... Let me reiterate.
Why did hitler kill himself the gas bill came in
The EU is like a big painful fart. Better out than in.
Did you hear about the man with five penises? His pants fit like a glove.
What is a dyslexic's favorite sex position 96
Every time I have sex with my girlfriend I put a dollar in a jar. On Valentine's Day I use what I saved to buy a gift for her.
What's the difference between a pill and my penis? A pill can achieve an erection.
When Gays Have a Baby...  Two Gays decided to have a baby. They mix their sperms and have a surrogate mother inseminated with it. A baby is born.  They rush to the hospital. 12 babies were in the ward - 11 were crying, only 1 was smiling.  To their delight, the nurse says: It's your baby!  Gays: Isn't it a wonder, all are crying but our baby is smiling. This proves the superiority of gay love!  Nurse: Ya, he's happy now! But just watch what happens when we pull the thermometer out of his ass!!
Why can't Bill Gates get a girlfriend? Because his penis is Microsoft. 
I've started handing out guns to large men at gay clubs. Just exercising my right to arm bears. 
The Jewish tie stand A fleeing Taliban fighter desperate for water was lost in the Afghanistan desert when he saw something far off in the distance.   Hoping to find water, he hurried towards ‘the object’ only to find a little old Jewish man at a small stand selling ties.   The Taliban fighter asked, “Do you have water?!!?”  The Jewish man replied, “I have no water. Would you like to buy a tie? They are only $5.”   The Taliban fighter shouted, “Idiot! I do not need an over-priced tie. I need water! I should kill you, but I must find water first! "  “Okay” said the old Jewish man, “It does not matter that you do not want to buy a tie and that you hate me. I will show you that I am bigger than that. If you continue over that hill to the east for about two miles, you will find a lovely restaurant. It has all the ice cold water you need. Shalom”.   Muttering, the Taliban fighter staggered away over the hill.   Several hours later he staggered back, almost dead.   "Your fucking brother won’t let me in without a tie”.
My grandfather was often asked how he ended up having 7 children. He would always respond: "Well, once we figured out what was causing it, we stopped."   (A random post reminded me of my grandfather's joke so I figured I'd share it with you all. Thanks for the laughs!) 
Jokes are like farts. If you have to force it, it's probably shit. 
I was offered sex with a 13 year old girl today. In exchange for that, I was supposed to advertise some kind of bathroom cleaner. Of course I declined because I am a person with high moral standards with a strong willpower. Just as strong as Ajax, the super strong bathroom cleaner. Now available with scented lemon or vanilla at your nearest drug and convenience store. Act now and save $1.50 off your next purchase. Batteries not included.
Orgasm A  boy comes home from school and talks to his Mother about his day.  The Mom asks "what did you learn in school today".  The boy says "In health class the teacher talked about orgasms, and I am still not sure what they are, what are they Mom"?   The Mother replies, "I don't know, never had one, ask your Father".
A couple wants to have sex but their son is in the house. The only way to pull off a Sunday afternoon "quickie " with their 8-year-old son in the apartment was to send him out on the balcony with a Popsicle and tell him to report on all the neighborhood activities...  "There's a car being towed from the parking lot," he shouted.He began his commentary as his parents put their plan into operation.  "An ambulance just drove by!"  "Looks like the Andersons have company," he called out.  "Matt's riding a new bike!"  "Looks like the Sanders are moving!"  "Jason is on his skate board!"  After a few moments he announced... "The Coopers are having sex. Startled, his mother and dad shot up in bed.  Dad cautiously called out..."How do you know they're having sex?" "Jimmy Cooper is standing on his balcony with a Popsicle." 
What do lesbians and chinese people have in common They both like to eat pussy
I got a new job at the circus circumcising elephants... ...it doesn't pay well but the tips are huge.
Taking a Shit. Little Johnny had always walked to school in the morning, and every morning he would take a shit on the side of the road.   One day a cop was driving by and saw a kid squatting and decided to pull over a question the kid.   "Hey kid what are you doing!" Yells the officer.   The kid in shock doesn't reply and stands to the side of his freshly squeezed log in embarrassment.   "I'm gonna let you off with a warning this time out of the kindness of my heart, but if I ever catch you doing this again you're going straight to jail!" Says the officer with a stern but compassionate voice.   The very next day little Johnny begins his walk to school on the same route at the same time. Half way there he suddenly feels the mightiest poop trying to force its way out. He had no choice but to squat on the side of the road and let it out.   Just after he finished he saw a cop car coming down the road and he new he fucked up. He saw a bucket on the side of the road and covered it up hoping the cop would just drive by. He didn't.   The same cop from yesterday gets out of his car to question the boy. "What's under that bucket son?"   Johnny without thinking about it shouted "it's a little red devil, I caught it with this bucket!"  The cop in disbelief started walking towards the bucket to see for himself.   "No!" Shouted Johnny. "He's too fast, you can't lift up the bucket, he'll run off." Said Johnny trying to save his skin.   "Well If there is a little red devil in there I have to take him in so he can be questioned."   Johnny knew he was going to be arrested if the cop lifted up that bucket so he devised a plan.   "Alright I got it!" Shouted Johnny. "I'll lift up the bucket, and the second I do that you grab it before it runs off."  The cop hesitantly agrees and shrugs, "alright".  Johnny begins to lift up the bucket and just as he had planned the cop quickly reached in and grabbed something squishy.   The cop in disgust lifts his hands up to show Johnny what he had in his hands.   "Wow you squeezed the crap out of it!" Shouts Johnny.  
I shot a Black Man the other day I got charged with impersonating a Police Officer.
Two condoms are walking past a gay bar when One turns to the other and asks "hey, want to get shit faced tonight?"
How did the Sex Ed teacher explain buttsex to her students? She used an analogy
How many Hitlers does it take to change a light bulb? Nein
[NSFW] The worst part about kissing my wife after a blowjob... Is wondering if she can taste the other guy's dick.
A 300 pound Chinese businessman walks into an Italian buffet... And proceeds to eat nonstop for hours. In a panic the head chef calls up his boss, the big bambino.   The chef says: "Boss! There's a large China man down here wolfin' down all da cannolis! I don't know what to do, and we've replaced the rigatoni 3 god damn times! Should I whack him?!?"  The boss replies: "Stop the gobbleygook."
How can you tell when an auto mechanic jus had sext One of his fingers is clean!!
You really have to respect the male pornstars They're always working hard
[NSFW] A girl asks her father... A girl asks her dad what sex is. So he explains to her and when he finishes, he asks his daughter "why do you ask?". The daughter replies "because mum said dinner will be ready in 2 secs"  Sry I can't add a NSFW tag, on mobile
Jeremy Beadle had a small penis... ...But on the other hand, it was massive.
Where do Poké Balls go on vacation? To the Poké Balkans! 
Sex with Willy Nelson What's the worst thing you could hear after having sex with Willie Nelson?  "I'm not Willie Nelson."
What did the Muslim say when he walked in the gay bar? "Shots for everybody"
What happened when the gay guy put a nicoderm patch on his wiener? He cut down to two butts a day 
Werner Heisenberg was pulled over for speeding... The cop asked "Do you know how fast you were going?" "Not a clue," Heisenberg replied.  "But I know exactly where I am."
How do you respond to a Japanese joke? By raughing.
I had never woken up to a blowjob before That is the last time I sleep with my mouth open on the subway!
how do you help gay psychopaths? With a straight jacket .
Why aren't pornstars of noble birth? They common people. 
Why did no gay people go on the mission to colonize Mars' moons? Too many homophobos.
What do North Korea and my girlfriend have in common? Neither want me coming inside them.
I'll never forget my grandfather's last words Stop shaking the ladder, you little bastard!
My favorite sex move is "The JFK" That's where I splatter all over her face while she screams and tries to get out of the car.
Having sex in a mental hospital Now that's fucking insane.
A man gets back on the job working construction after his honeymoon, all his buddies gather to ask questions. The first one asks what's on everyone's minds, "So, how many times did you get laid?" Well, I didn't. "Why not?" Well, she's got herpes.  The next guy asks "So why didn't you just do her in the butt?" Well she had diarrhea too. A collective "Aww that sucks" comes from the group. The next guy asks, "So did you at least get a blow job?" No, she's got pyorrhea too. The last guy asks, "So why did you even marry this girl in the first place?" Well, she's got worms too, and I LOOOVE TO FISH!!!
The prosecutor asked the chav: "Are you guilty of vandalising that toilet?" "Asbolutely." he replied. 
What do gay men call a used condom? A snackpack
Did you hear that Trump is getting penis enlargement surgery? It's gonna be yuge.
Hitler was born on April 20th... cuz he was destined to blaze the jews.
You need to chew poop. You can only chew one tsp a day. How do you eat 8tsp in two days? Just don't chew. 
What do you call a gay herbal doctor? A homeosexual. 
My daughter has gotten to the age where she asks me embarrassing questions about sex Just this morning she asked me   "Is that the best you can do?"
Water-loo is such a shitty place. Just thinking about it would make me pissed, if I gave a crap.
Big Chief, No fart. In a small Native community the Medicine Man is making a potion when Big Chief of the Tribe who is suffering from severe constipation walks in and says  "Big Chief No Fart"  The Medicine man Gives him a Potion from the shelf. Big Chief walks away.   The next day Big Chief walks in again and says  "Big Chief No Fart"  The medicine man this time prepares a fresh potion and gives it to Big Chief, Big Chief walks away.   The following day Big Chief walks into the medicine man's hut in severe stomach pain and crying he says.  "Big Chief No Fart!"  This time the medicine man starts to throw every ingredient he has, including eye of newt into the pot. and gives Big Chief the potion. Big chief walks away.  five minutes later Big Chief's Wife runs into the medicine man's hut yelling.  "Big Fart, No Chief!"
What do you call Benedict Cumberbatch in The Imitation Game? Homogeneous.
My Son is a porn star... ...I had to have my wife arrested.
Eating McDonald's because you're hungry is exactly like sucking dick because you're lonely That meat is no good for you and I do it about once a month
Why did Dory warn Nemo about escaping through the toilet? Because it was a sewer side mission!
How many suh dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Zero because it's already lit fam.
What do you NEVER call a black man? a friend
A Black man finds a magic lantern and hen he starts to polish it a genie comes out and tells him that he will be granted three wishes. The man replies I want to be white uptight and out of sight The Genie turns him in to a tampon
A man saw a lady with big breasts. He asked, "Excuse me, can I bite your breasts for $1000 ?". She agreed, so they went to a secluded corner. She opens her blouse and the man puts his face in her breasts for 10 minutes. Eventually the lady asks, " Aren't you gonna bite them?". He replies, "No, it's too expensive!".
Why do farts smell? So deaf people can enjoy them, too.
When using the baseball analogy what is an inside-the-park home run? Having sex while she's asleep. You gotta be quick
Why do women have boobs? So ya got something to look at when yah talkin' to em'!   So ya got something to look at when yah talkin' to em'!  So ya got...  Thanks Family Guy.
What's more useless than a condom at a feminist rally? Everyone there.
How do you get four gay men to fit on a barstool? Turn it upside down!
Did you know that diarrhea is hereditary? It runs in your genes.
What type of Asians do the most shopping? Shop-anese
If Kermit The Frog gives you a blowjob is it really actually a handjob? I really need to know for research.
Chinese girls number I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She said, "Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!" I said, "Wow!" Then her friend said, "She means 666-3629." 
I woke my SO up with a bj. She didn't seem to appreciate it. 
[DIRTY] [NSFW] My wife and I have hallway sex all the time When we walk by each other in the hallway we say "fuck you!"
A pedophile chicken has sex with an egg... Obviously the chicken came first.
Teenage Sex My teenage daughter came home in a rage.   ‘I’ve just done sex education in school today, Dad! You lied to me! You told me if I have sex before my sixteenth birthday, my boyfriend will die!’   I put down my paper: ‘Oh, he will, sweetheart, he will.’ ”
I picked up this chick in Rome. We had sex, said goodbye the next morning and gave her a hi five She gave me hi V
2 gay guys and 2 lesbians are Going to the beach. Who gets there first? The gay guys because they packed their shit the night before.
A husband will only have sex with his wife on one condition A married couple of 20 years were as normal as could be, bar one little quirk the husband had in the bedroom. He'd only have sex with the lights off. The wife assumed he merely had some shame in the penile department, but she loved him, so happily obliged. An added bonus was that it felt like he was actually reasonably well-equipped downstairs, so everything was good. However, 20 years of blind sex took its toll on her and their relationship. In the middle of one of their love-making sessions, the wife dived for the lamp and turned on the light. She saw her husband with his pants on and a dildo in hand. There was a brief moment of silence, then the wife sternly stated "You have some explaining to do." The husband looked her dead in the eye and said "I'll explain this when you 
Playing Pokemon Go is like having sex with a cheap hooker... ..You never know what you're going to catch. 
What do you call a gay guy with a boner? Homo Erectus.
Some insults are deeply sexist... "You fatherfucking daughter of a dog."
My Grandfather Says I should not be so Dependent upon technology... ...Yet he is the one hooked to life support. 
Oh the joys of childhood sexual exploration.. A little boy named Johnny and a little girl named Suzie were taking a bath. The little girl looked down and said, "What's that?"   "That's my little red sports car," said Johnny, then looked down and said, "What's that?" "That's my little red sports car garage," replied Suzie.   A few seconds later Suzie said, "How about you put your little red sports car in my little red sports car garage?"   "Sure," said Johnny.   Johnny's mother was down stairs and heard this blood curdling scream.  She ran upstairs.     Once she got there she saw blood all over the bathtub. "What happened?!" she said.   Susie replied "Well, Johnny tried to put his little red sports car in my little red sports car garage...but it didn't fit...so I cut the back wheels off..."
My name is fatatata But I am not fatatall
I was offered sex today. I was offered sex with a 21 year old girl today. In exchange for that, I was supposed to advertise some kind of bathroom cleaner. Of course I declined because I am a person with high moral standards with a strong willpower. Just as strong as Ajax, the super strong bathroom cleaner. Now available with scented lemon or vanilla.
What would be a good title for an Indian porno? Thank You, Cum Again
Sex ed. It's the in thing.
My dicks only 3 inches...... But smells like a foot
What do you call a prison for gays? Prism
What do you call the Japanese demon of spices? The Pepper Oni.
Why is American beer like having sex in a canoe? Because it's fucking close to water
I am a deaf thirty year old man who has not been lucky with relationships and sex. But I found this kinky woman who does crazy things in the bedroom that I have never even heard of before. 
What do you call the 72 virgins that Allah gave isis? Goats
Why couldn't the black man get out of Mexico? The bike he stole had its tires stolen by a group of Mexicans
Telling a girl she has nice hair is not sexual harassment Unless you're a dwarf
Drinking light beer is like having sex in a canoe... ... fucking near water
What do you call a black man with a gun ? You call him "sir".
I just lost my virginity!!!! April fools *sob*
Where did the little Japanese girl go when the little boy dropped by? Everywhere.
I found a satanic puzzle in the toilet today. It was a loo cipher
Vagina- jokes are not funny... Period!
What did Hitler say when the Allies landed on Normandy? Dang, I did Nazi that coming.
What do you call a woman who obsesses over learning about sex? An info-maniac.
Whats the difference between the circus and a strip club? Circus is full of cunning stunts. 
What is it called when a person pretends to use the toilet. A sham poo. 
A Nazi walks into a bathroom DiarreahAnneFrank
Why do Eyeballs Make Great Comedians? Because they are filled with vitreous humor!
A guy walks into a bookstore... A guy walks into a bookstore and asks the assistant, "Hey, do you know if you guys have the new book for guys with short penises?"  The assistant says, "I'm not sure if it's in yet."  Guy says, "Yeah, that's the one!"
My wife calls my penis Nicolas Cage  It’s highly temperamental and tends to go off for no reason at all.
I read my wife's diarrhea She thinks I have dyslexia! 
I don't support the gay lifestyle in San Francisco It's way too expensive there. They should move to somewhere a lot cheaper so they can save more money.
So a German father steps into a butcher shop to provide food for his kid's 18th birthday party. They exchange pleasantries and the father asks for authentic german meats food for his son's party.  "That would be about ten euros per guest for a lavish traditional meal," the butcher says. The father, who is celebrating not only his son's coming of age but his final child leaving the nest says that he is strapped for cash as well. He hands out a pocketful of euro coins and bills and drops it on the table, and asks what he can get with that.  "You can expect the wurst."
Went out and had some Chinese food today It was tso-tso
[Dirty] I love having sex, but there's this one aspect that always pisses me off. When girls shout your name wrong during sex. Come on, you bitch! After all that time I spent helping you with your addition-subtraction homework, you should be able to know that my name is not "HELPRAPE"!
How does Hitler separate his juice? By concentrate.
How many animals can you fit in a condom? A cock and a couples of hares!  Source: I was told this in a bar tonight and felt the need to share it!
What does Bill Clinton say to Hillary after sex? I'll be home in 20 minutes
I used to piss myself when I stood in front of my 3rd grade class. It costed me my teaching career...
What is Batman's least favorite Sex Act? The Pearl Necklace.
Man sees a girl with the best set of breasts he's ever seen... He approaches her and said "Hi miss. You have the most beautiful set of breasts i've ever seen. I'll pay you $100 if you let me bite them."  The woman, offended, replies " Not in a million years creep! Leave me alone."  The man walks away. After a while, he approaches the girl again and says "Miss i just cannot let go of the fact that your breasts are so damn beautiful. I'll pay you $1,000 if you let me bite them."  The girl, furious, slaps the man and says "I told you not in a million years now leave me alone or i'm calling the cops!"  The man walks away again. After a few minutes he comes back and tries to persuade the girl one last time. "Hi miss, here's my final offer. I'll pay you $100,000 if you let me bite your breasts."  The woman, thinking how much stuff she could do with $100,000 replies "F-fine... but not here. Let's go to the alley at the back."  They walk back to the alley. She unbuttons her shirt to reveal the most beautiful pair of breasts he's ever seen. A tear falls from his eye. "I was right" he says as he started touching, groping and licking them.   After a few minutes, the woman gets frustrated and says "Hey buddy, just bite it already!"  The man stops, stands up straight and starts walking away and says "Nah, too expensive."
Why did Adolph Hitler become embarrassed in a Jewish synagogue? He had bad gas.
What do you call two gay Irish men? Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick
Never trust a fart... You never know what kind of shit your asshole is up to.
How much does Dickbutt make an hour? Minimeme wage
tits are like lego bricks You can always tell when it's not actual lego.
I always masturbate in the shower The employees at my gym found out. I'm not allowed to cum there anymore. 
How many racists does it take to screw in a light bulb? None. Racists dont like to be enlightened.
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 2, but they have to be very small.
Ted Cruz, according to the news, IS planning THat Either cruZ Or his aDminIstrAtion will be Compiling their documents to maKe a IntegraL poLitical announcemEnt this afteRnoon [hope you can decrypt it]
Scientists recently discovered an interesting phenomenon: in a certain area, donkey farts are responsible for causing tremors that can crack pavement and concrete. You know...Assfault.
How many male chauvinists does it take to screw in a light bulb? None. Let her wash dishes in the dark.
The Moral of the Story The teacher gave her fifth grade class an assignment: get their parents to tell them a story with a moral at the end of it. The next day the kids came back and one by one began to tell their stories.   Katy said, "My father's a farmer and we have a lot of egg-laying hens. One time we were taking our eggs to market in a basket on the front seat of the pickup when we hit a bump in the road and all the eggs went flying and broke and made a mess"   "And what's the moral of the story?" asked the teacher. "Don't put all your eggs in one basket!" "Very good," said the teacher.   "Lucy, now you."   "Our family are farmers too. But we raise chickens for the meat market. We had a dozen eggs one time, but when they hatched we only got ten live chicks. And the moral of this story is, don't count your chickens until they're hatched."   "That was a fine story Lucy. Johnny do you have a story to share?"   "Yes, ma'am, my daddy told me this story about my Uncle Bob. Uncle Bob was a pilot in Vietnam and his plane got hit. He had to bail out over enemy territory and all he had was a bottle of whiskey, a machine gun and machete. He drank the whiskey on the way down so it wouldn't break and then he landed right in the middle of 100 enemy troops. He killed seventy of them with the machine gun until he ran out of bullets, then he killed twenty more with the machete till the blade broke and then he killed the last ten with his bare hands."   "Good heavens," said the horrified teacher. "What kind of moral did your daddy tell you from that horrible story?"   "Don't fuck with Uncle Bob when he's been drinking."
What do you call a fat magician? A 4-chin teller.
What is the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler? Phelps can finish a race
How many redditors are needed to screw a lightbulb? As much people as is needed to screw that lightbulb.
If I have to pay to use this bathroom, I'm going to lose my shit. Because I'm broke.
Wanna hear a joke about my dick? Never mind, its too long.
Jamal and Billy are in Kindergarten. One day, the class is learning addition.  Billy quickly masters it, but Jamal has difficulty doing 2+2.  Jamal goes home and asks his mom: "Mom, why is Billy so much better at addition than me?"  His mom responds "It's because he's white and you're black."  The next day, the class is learning the alphabet.  Billy is able to recite the whole thing but Jamal can't get past the letter E.  Jamal goes home and asks his mom: "Mom, why is Billy so much better with the alphabet than me?"  His mom responds "It's because he's white and you're black."  The next day, Jamal and Billy are in the bathroom and Jamal notices that Billy's penis is smaller than his.  Jamal goes home and asks his mom "Mom, why is Billy's penis so much smaller than mine?  Is it because he's white and I'm black?"  His mom responds "No, Jamal, it's because he's six and you're eighteen."
I recently got a handjob from a Polish girl... You could say that I received a Polish pole-polish.
I started a contest to see who could make the most beautiful poop. It was pretty shitty!
Religion is like a man's penis. It's okay to have one, it's fine to be proud of it, but don't go around shoving it in people's faces and jamming it down children's throats.
Girl, you're just like hell... because I'd kill to enter you.
What do you call a bisexual not in a relationship? A person on standbi
My priest always taught me that polar opposites attract... ...I guess I was compelled by how much of a pain in the ass he was.
My friend lost his virginity to his teacher when he was only 13 years old. My friend lost his virginity to his teacher when he was only 13 years old.   A pretty impressive feat, especially for someone who was homeschooled.
What do porn stars have and comedians are? Professional Assholes.
So, I walk in on daughter masturbating with a carrot. I shout, "Fuck! Seriously? I was going to eat that later, and now it's just going to taste like carrots!"
Wanna know how I tell my sister is on her period? My Dad's dick tastes like blood.
Mum!! Please can you take me to the toilet? No! I'm busy. Ask your grandmother.  Actually I'd rather ask Grandad. His hand shakes more.
Two construction workers high on a scaffold are longing for a beer. "Let's ask our negro to bring some", says one to the other So, they gesture their negro to bring 2 beers up to the scaffold with their Hands. The negro nods and shows alternatingly the palm and the back of his hand.  The construction workers don't understand and gesture again to bring some beers. The negro again Alternates between the back and the front of his hand.  Angry, one construction worker comes down and asks "What don't you understand about bringing 2 beers up the scaffold"? Says the negro "But I did understand. I just wanted to ask if you wanted regular lager or dark beer."
What's worse than getting a penis drawn on your face? Knowing it was traced 
What is the medical term for a Trump speech? A vowel movement.
Pedophiles like their wine like they like their girls 9 years old and locked up in  the basement
I like my women like I like my microwaves... ... cold on the outside, and kills any baby that you put inside.
How do we know that Adam wasn't a black man? Have you ever tried taking a rib from a black man!!?!
How can you tell if a gay guy is dead? Check the Pulse
Hey. Lets all corner the freshman and make them show us their penises. Wouldn't that be gay of them? 
I got caught fapping while sniffing the underwear of my friends mother. It wouldn't have been so bad if she wasn't wearing them at the time.   He went fucking ballistic.   Sure as hell made the rest of her funeral really awkward for the both of us.
What did one tampon say to the other tampon? "wassup blud"
Paddy in Prague Paddy irishman is walking through Prague and sees a sandwich board outside a Cafe.  It reads....  Special's Coffee            €5 Tea                 €5 Sandwich       €7 Handjob         €15  Paddy’s smiled from ear to ear and hurried into the Cafe. Behind the counter was the most beautiful women he had ever seen, he walks over and says 'Are you the lady that's giving Handjobs for €15?.  The woman smiled and said, Yes!. Paddy smiled and said 'Well wash your fucking hands and make me a sandwich!.
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother! 
What's the difference between sex and a slice of pizza? It takes me longer to eat the pizza
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is the only movie I've ever cried to... I laughed so hard I cried
What do you call Jamal's dad during Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Years? Hide n' Seek World Champion 2010-2016
What's sexist and not a concern for feminist? Misandry
Sexist-dirty: Little boy asks dad about the "C" word. Dad brings boy to where mom is naked, passed out drunk on bed, and points to her private area.... "Son,  see that?  That's a *vagina*"  Dad then waves his hand over mom's body and says: "See the rest? THAT'S a Cunt"
Why Is Porn the Most Feminist Thing Ever? Because of it, I'd never dream of bothering a woman.
How many religious women does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Nun.  I'll^hear^myself^out...  EDIT: Formatting
A priest giving confessional really has to take a piss... ... so he grabs the janitor and drags him into the confessional booth. "Can you fill in for me for a minute?"  "What?"  "Just listen to people, give them 10 hail Mary's, and send them on their way, it's easy," says the priest, and he runs to the bathroom.  A woman comes in on the other side of the curtain. "Bless me father for I have sinned. I have committed countless sins of the flesh, I love sucking cock."  The janitor says, "well, just, uhm, say ten hail Mary's and you shall be forgiven."  "No father, you don't understand! I live for sucking cock, I give out multiple blowjobs to strangers every day, I need more than just hail Mary's!"  Confused, the janitor leans out of the booth, stops a passing altar boy, and whispers, "Hey, what does father O'Mally usually give out for blowjobs?"  The boy says, "Two Snickers bars."
I once farted in the Apple Store and everybody got pissed It's not my fault they don't have Windows
When I die I want to go peacefully in my sleep, just like my grandfather.... ... Not screaming in terror like his passengers. 
How does Kanye West screw in a lightbulb? He holds the lightbulb and the world revolves around him.
Pansexuality is the best… fuck the rest.
What do you call a fat computer? A Dell.
Father O'Malley answers the phone... ..."Hello, is this Father O'Malley?"   "It is."   "This is the IRS. We'd like to ask you a question."   "Yes, what is it?"   "Do you know a Mr. Michael O'Donohue?"    "I do."   "Is he a member of your flock?"   "He is."   "Did he donate $20,000 to the church?"   "He will."    
What's the difference between a good joke and me not giving a shit? Fuck you
So i went to a gay bar this might make me banned  so i went to a gay bar and i told them im a toarist from afar they didnt take it to lightly
Girlfriend said she went to the doctor. He said she couldn't have sex. I asked, "what did your dentist say?"
Two Aliens came down to Earth near a gas station. It was night and the station was closed. The younger of the two aliens walks down to a fuel dispenser and says " Greetings earthling we come in peace take us to your leader" as expected he gets no reply. A little irritated the younger alien repeats  his message and still gets no answer. He takes out his ray gun and tells the dispenser "Take me to your leader or else I will vaporize you" At this the older Alien calls out from behind "I don't think that is a good idea" The younger alien tells the older one to stop talking and shoots the fuel dispenser, there is a huge explosion and the young alien gets blown away 200 feet. After the young alien regains consciousness he  straightens his antennas and wipes off the grime from his face and asks the older alien "How did you know he would do that?" The older one replies "Well my crispy friend, in all my years of intergalactic travel I have come to realize never to fuck around with a guy who can wrap his penis twice around his body and still manage to put it in his ear"      
What do you call a barn full of black people? Old farming equipment 
A husband walks into his house with a duck under his arm. *He walks inside and announces, honey this is the pig I've been fucking for the past three months. *The wife Says "Thats a Duck" *The Husband Says "I was talking to the Duck"
How many police officers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, they just beat the shit out of the room for being black. 
A gay man introduced himself to me at the bar the other day. He said, "my name is Richard. But I prefer Dick."
I saw a man staring at a pile of poop on the street the other day... Concerned, I went up to him and asked "What's the matter?"  "Human. Fecal."
Pandora had the best pussy in ancient Greece Thousands of years have gone by, and we're *still* talking about her box.
Isn't swallowing semen technically canibalism? I don't know, I just do it for the taste...
I just found out diarrhea is genetic... It runs in your genes.
Don't blindfold an Asian with a shoe lace. That's lacist.
What's the difference between a white blood cell and a gay-bar massacre? One is a phagocyte and the other is a fag-o-cide...
What do you call a gay drive by? A fruit roll up
In reaction to all the criticism the Call of Duty franchise is facing, Activision is announcing they are taking the series in a new direction with Call of Duty 69:Sexual Warfare
How many bees does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two, but I don't know how they got in there. 
Between the “get thee to a nunnery" rant and his anger at his mother’s new marriage, throughout the play Hamlet seems very concerned with what fraction of Denmark’s female population is having sex. I’d argue that this obsession is a response to his isolation, as this "ho ratio” is his only true friend.
I don't know how sex could get any better... Well, maybe if it was with a woman instead of my hand.
Why do black guys always have red eyes after sex? Mace.
Can you Nazi? I can Nazi!
A guy goes to a medical store Guy: Hey! Can I have a condom? My girlfriend has invited me over for dinner and we might do it today after such a long time.  *Store owner hands over the condom and the guy leaves*  Guy comes back after a minute.  Guy: Hey! Actually, can I have one more? The way my girlfriend's sister looks at me, I think I might be able to do it with her as well.  *Store owner hands over the condom and the guy leaves*  Guy comes back after a minute.  Guy: Hey! Gimme one more. Her mother has given me quite the horny looks sometimes. She's hot and I think she's unsatisfied with her marriage. Maybe, I'll satisfy her, eh?   *Store owner hands over the condom and the guy leaves*  That night the guy goes to his girlfriend's house. His girlfriend, girlfriend's sister and mother all three are present there.  The dinner table is set, they all sit down to eat and his girlfriend's father also arrives.  The guy puts his head down and starts chanting the prayers people do before eating.   He goes on chanting for about 15 minutes when his girlfriend finally asks, "Honey! I didn't know you were this religious."  To which the guy replies, "Oh! Yeah? I also didn't know your father owns a freakin' medical store! 
What's the difference between a paycheck and a penis? You don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck
Why are people in Athens so fat ? Coz they have lot of greece in their food .
Rattlesnakes and Condoms ...two things I don't fuck with.
Did you hear about the wanking robot? He pulled himself apart
Hans, are you a nazi? Nein...
what did the black child say to his mom after he had diarrhea? mommy why am i melting.
Britain is like a man on a toilet... It just wanted to get rid of that shit and leave.
Checked into a hotel expecting one night stand but there were 2! Mighty pleased. 
What do gay horses eat? Horse dick 
If I had 1,000,000 dollars, I would pay to have sex with your mom. And then I would invest the other 999,995 bucks.
When I was young I was too embarrassed to tell my teacher I had diarrhea So I told her I had "the big D" and needed to go to the bathroom. Sex talk from my mother later that night.
A study of married women showed that 90% of married men still masturbate The other 10% have dumb wives.
What's the difference between my dick and my family? My dick can get back up after I beat it. 
Mickey Mouse goes to see a divorce lawyer Divorce lawyer: (After speaking for a while) So, you're saying that you want to divorce Minnie because she was... very silly?  Mickey: No, I said she was fucking Goofy
I was walking down the pier one day and saw a woman's dog fall into the water... She started screaming in a panic as her dog couldn't swim very well and was starting to go under. Out of nowhere a little german man dived over the edge and dragged the dog out and started performing CPR on the dog. The dog came to and was fine, the woman says ''Oh my god, are you a little vet?'' the guy says ''A little vet? I'm fucking soaking!''  
What's big, round, and riddled with jizz? Tatooine.
My athlete friend has balls. He stole third base, and won the game. That took balls.  Then he went to his girlfriend's house, and he texted me he "stole third base again". I heard on the news he was arrested for sexual assault.
What do you call a gay person in a wheelchair chair? Rollaids
What's the difference between a strip club and a circus? A circus is full of cunning stunts.
What the rapper's younger brother say when he got hit by his Molotov Cocktail? "Looks like bro's mix tape finally dropped..."
A father and his son.. At an airport in Iraq A father and his son have just arrived at an airport in Iraq. Naturally, their first course of action is to head to Baggage Claim. They arrive, and wait for awhile. The younger of the two is busy looking for an open WiFi network, when he glances over and notices his luggage passing on the carousel. He casually asks his father, "Can you get my bag, Dad?"  Ba dum tss Clap4mepls
I haven't had sex since 1956! A woman asked a General in the army the last time he made love to a woman, the general stood tall and said "1956 ma'am." The woman, taken back by this answer said "1956?! That long?! Let me make your night better..." and the two sauntered away to a private room. The woman began to strip and the two made passionate love for an hour. The woman cuddled up to the army general afterward and said "well, you sure haven't forgotten any thing since 1956...". The general looked at her confused and said "well I sure hope not. It's only 2130 now!"   Shout out to u/mister_damage
I walked into a disabled toilet It was autistic
How does a gay man propose to his partner? Well he starts by kneeling down on two knees...
Screwing in a lightbulb How many Zombies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  None, because they wouldn't fit and zombies don't screw.  &amp;nbsp;  How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  Thirty-one. One to hold the bulb and 30 to drink until the room spins!  &amp;nbsp;  How many Marxists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  None, because the bulb already contains the seeds of revolution.  &amp;nbsp;  Why did the hipster burn his hand?  He tried to change the bulb before it was cool.
How many police officers does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, they would just beat the room for being dark.
What could be a good name for a really inappropriate French porno? The Princess and the Frog
What do you call a group of black people? Antique farm equipment.
What a "Shitty" experience All in all, it hadn't been a good day. Bad traffic, a malfunctioning computer, incompetent coworkers and a sore back all made me a seething cauldron of rage. But more importantly for this story, it had been over forty-eight hours since I'd last taken a dump. I'd tried to jumpstart the process, beginning my day with a bowl of bowel-cleansing fiber cereal, following it with six cups of coffee at work, and adding a bean-laden lunch at Taco Bell. As I was returning home from work, my insides let me know with subtle rumbles and the emission of the occasional tiny fart that Big Things would be happening soon. Alas, I had to stop at the mall to pick up an order. I completed this task, and as I was walking past the stores on my way back to the car, I noticed a large sale sign proclaiming, "Everything Must Go!" This was prophetic, for my colon informed me with a sudden violent cramp and a wet, squeaky fart that everything was indeed about to go. I hurried to the mall bathroom. I surveyed the five stalls, which I have numbered 0 through 4 (I write a lot of software) for your convenience:   0.Occupied   1.Clean, but Bathroom Protocol forbids its use, as it's next to the occupied one.   2.Poo on seat.   3.Poo and toilet paper in bowl, unidentifiable liquid splattered on seat.   4.No toilet paper, no stall door, unidentifiable sticky object near base of toilet.   Clearly, it had to be Stall #1. I trudged back, entered, dropped trou and sat down. I'm normally a fairly Shameful Shitter. I wasn't happy about being next to the occupied stall, but Big Things were afoot.   I was just getting ready to bear down when all of a sudden the sweet sounds of Beethoven came from next door, followed by a fumbling, and then the sound of a voice answering the ringing phone. As usual for a cell phone conversation, the voice was exactly 8 dB louder than it needed to be. Out of Shameful habit, my sphincter slammed shut. The inane conversation went on and on. Mr. Shitter was blathering to Mrs. Shitter about the shitty day he had. I sat there, cramping and miserable, waiting for him to finish. As the loud conversation dragged on, I became angrier and angrier, thinking that I, too, had a crappy day, but I was too polite to yak about in public. My bowels let me know in no uncertain terms that if I didn't get crapping soon, my day would be getting even crappier.    Finally my anger reached a point that overcame Shamefulness. I no longer cared. I gripped the toilet paper holder in one hand, braced my other hand against the side of the stall, and pushed with all my might. I was rewarded with a fart of colossal magnitude -- a cross between the sound of someone ripping a very wet bed sheet in half and of plywood being torn off a wall. The sound gradually transitioned into a heavily modulated low-RPM tone, not unlike someone firing up a Harley. I managed to hit resonance frequency of the stall, and it shook gently.   -   Once my ass cheeks stopped flapping in the breeze, three things became apparent: (1) The next-door conversation had ceased; (2) my colon's continued seizing indicated that there was more to come; and (3) the bathroom was now beset by a horrible, eldritch stench.   It was as if a gateway to Hell had been opened. The foul miasma quickly made its way under the stall and began choking my poop-mate. This initial "herald" fart had ended his conversation in mid-sentence.   "Oh my God," I heard him utter, following it with the suppressed sounds of choking, and then, "No, baby, that wasn't me (cough, gag), you could hear that (gag)??"   Next door I could hear fumbling with the paper dispenser as he desperately tried to finish his task. Little snatches of conversation made themselves heard over my anal symphony: "Gotta go... horrible... throw up... in my mouth.... not... make it... tell the kids... love them... oh God..." followed by more sounds of suppressed gagging and retching.   -   Alas, it is evidently difficulty to hold one's phone and wipe one's bum at the same time. Just as my high-pressure abuse of the toilet was winding down, I heard a plop and splash from next door, followed by a string of swear words and gags. My poop-mate had dropped his phone into the toilet.   After a considerable amount of paperwork, I got up and surveyed the damage. I felt bad for the janitor who'd be forced to deal with this, but I knew that flushing was not an option. No toilet in the world could handle that unholy mess. Flushing would only lead to a floor flooded with filth.   As I left, I glanced to the next-door stall. Nothing remained in the bowl. Had he flushed his phone, or had he plucked it out and left the bathroom with nasty unwashed hands? The world will never know.   I exited the bathroom, momentarily proud and Shameless, looking around for a face glaring at me. But I saw no one. I suspect that somehow my supernatural elimination has manged to transfer my Shamefulness to my anonymous poop-mate. I think it'll be a long time before he can bring himself to poop in public -- and I doubt he'll ever again answer his cell phone in the loo. And this, my friends, is why you should never talk on your phone in the bathroom. 
What is it called when Lebron James has sex? Bron-choitus 
Cucumbers are 95% water, Jesus can walk on water... I can walk on cucumbers so I am 95% Jesus.
If you were looking for a joke about pee... urine luck.
Grandfather's Advice When the rivers run red take the muddy road. 
Why did Hitler really commit suicide? He got the gas bill
Have you seen the clown who hides from Gay people? Why yes! As a matter of fact I saw your deadbeat dad yesterday.
Hitler pun "Sir, we're mining too many useless minerals."  Hitler: "So mine less."  Grammar Nazi busts in. "MINE FEWER."  (Hitler looks up) "Yes?"
Did you hear about the scarf that Eva Braun knitted for Hitler? He said it was kampfy and that he reiched it a lot, but that it could have used fuhrer stitches.
I am white but everyone says I act asian. I apologize for shaming my family. 
My girlfriend broke up with me after we had sex.. She said she's full of me
I think Hitler was gay. After all, he sure loved licking the poles. 
2 gay men are enjoying a pleasant night in. Two gay men decide to have a night in for some netflix and chill. They order pizza and start watching some netflix. About 20 minutes into an episode of Daredevil, things start getting frisky. Before they know it sex is happening. All of a sudden the doorbell rings. "That must be the pizza guy! Don't finish before I get back!" and runs to answer the door, throwing on clothes quickly. When he returns, he finds the room covered in spum. The man looks at his husband and says "I told you not to finish!" and the other man looks back at him and says "I didn't, I farted." 
My fave pickup line as a gay man... Hey, are you a vital organ? Because I don't think I can live without you inside of me. 
The most sexist joke you've ever heard. Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; give a man a vagina and you feed her for a lifetime.
Bilbo Baggins walks into a strip club and sees his cousin making it rain on a stripper. Unimpressed by this, he proceeds to shout... ..."Don't Fro Doh". 
What do you call sex with a burrito? Getting chipotlaid.
Why is American beer like having sex in a canoe? it's fucking close to water.
How do you embarrass an archeologist? Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
What's long and hard and has cum in it? Cumulative exams.
My girlfriend told me that she looked fat, and wanted me to give her a compliment... I told her that her eyesight was outstanding.
What's the difference between plants and black men? Cells are found inside plants.
A doctor gets pulled over for speeding... A doctor is rushing to work and speeding over a bridge. A police officer sees him, and promptly pulls him over.  "Do you know how fast you were going?"  "I don't have time for this, I'm a doctor and needed desperately by a patient."  "A doctor, eh? What do you do that's so important you need to do 90 on a bridge?"  "I stretch assholes."  "You stretch assholes? What do you mean?"  "Well, I work in a finger, then two, then a hand, and just keep stretching until they're about 6 feet."  "What the hell do you do with a 6 foot asshole?!"  "Put them on a bridge with a radar gun."
How do you get teh bee off the toilet? You piss it off. 
What did the Penis tell the Condom? Cover me! I'm going in!
Whats The Difference Between A Pick-Pocketer And A Peeping Tom? One snatches watches, and the other watches snatches!
It was hard until I came into Faith and found bliss She was kind of pissed when she realized I wasn't using a condom though...
What does a Jew with an erection get when he walks into a wall? A broken nose.
TIL A ref can show a player the red card for a loud fart ... even if it isn't Messi.
I told my girlfriend that we should play trains... All she'd have to do is sit on my face.  Then ill "Chew chew".    // not my joke //
What do you call a Frenchman who smells like shit? Mon-sewer
Why was hitler's suicide such a suprise? Because we did nazi it coming
Jesus, Moses, and an old man are playing golf... Jesus, Moses and an old man were playing a round of golf and the score was dead even between the three players.  First up to try and break the tie was Jesus.   He wound up and followed through. The ball took a wicked dog leg to the right and fell into the water. Jesus walked over the water and made a beautiful chip shot for an eagle.   "Great shot, Jesus." said Moses.   Moses stepped up to take his shot and, like Jesus, his shot veered to the right and fell into the water. He parted the hazard and made a similarly impressive shot for an eagle.   "Nicely done." said Jesus.  Last was the old man.   He slowly approached the tee to make his shot. Like Moses and Jesus, the old man's shot veered right and plummeted towards the water hazard. But just before it hit the water a monstrous bass leaped up and grabbed the ball at the very same moment that an eagle swooped down and snatched the bass clean out of the air. As the eagle flew over the flag, the bass dropped the ball into the hole for a hole-in-one.   Jesus said, "Would you quit fucking around, dad? We're trying to play seriously!"
[NSFW] Why is it so hard for a prostitute to pee in the morning? You ever tried pulling apart a grilled cheese sandwich?
Be careful when you buy stuff from Ebay . My friend ordered a penis enlarger from ebay.  Those bitches sent him a magnifying glass :P
Four construction workers on top of a 50 story building are arguing over who has the longest penis... One of them suggests they unzip and dangle over the side to see who has the longest.   The first guy proudly announces "All the way to the 33rd floor!"   The second guy responds "Ha!, 23rd floor!"   The third guy is smirking, thinking he has everyone beat. "12th floor!"   They notice the fourth guy, wiggling, jumping occasionally, almost looking like he is doing a weird dance.   One of them asks him, "What the hell are you doing?"   "Dodging traffic!"
A child molester is walking down the street with a young child, heading for the woods. The little boy says, “I’m afraid. It’s dark, and I’m really scared.” The child molester gives the little boy a disgusted look and says, “How do you think I feel? I have to walk home alone.”
How do you reuse a condom? Turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it.
My grandfather said that my generation relies too much on technology... So I said, "No, YOUR generation relies too much on technology!" Then I tore his pacemaker from his body and watched him die from blood loss.  What, were you expecting something else?
Sitting on the Toilet Scrolling through dating apps while on the toilet is the best idea... etiher way you're gonna find shit.
How can tell if there's an Italian at the cockfight? He brings the duck  How can you tell if there's a Sicilian at the cockfight?  He bets on the duck  How can you tell if the Mafia is at the cockfight?  The duck wins
How does one find out the sensitivity of a gentleman's balls? Test tickles
A woman walks into a drugstore and asks the pharmacist if he sells extra large condoms. He replies, "Yes we do. Would you like to buy some?"  She responds, "No sir, but do you mind if I wait around here until someone does?"
What's the difference between a cowardly sex offender and your job? Your job will always suck
Why do black people always have to get up to change the channel? Because there isn't always time to find the remote in a burglary.
Nazis really know how to party... I spent ONE night with some SS guys, and man, I was gassed.
Why did Hitler get hit in the face with a baseball? Because he did Nazi it coming.
"I had sex with my teacher." After picking her son up from school one day, the mother asks him what he did at school. The kid replies, "I had sex with my teacher." She gets so mad that when they get home, she orders him to go straight to his room. When the father returns home that evening, the mother angrily tells him the news of what their son had done. As the father hears the news, a huge grin spreads across his face. He walks to his son's room and asks him what happened at school, the son tells him, "I had sex with my teacher." The father tells the boy that he is so proud of him, and he is going to reward him with the bike he has been asking for. On the way to the store, the dad asks his son if he would like to ride his new bike home. His son responds, "No thanks Dad, my butt still hurts."
What did Ricky Oates say when his Dad asked him about the size of his penis? It's longer than you think Dad! Longer than you think!      [Stephen King - The Jaunt]
How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister in the teeth.
Whats the best part of having sex with a transgender? When you are hitting it from the back and go for the reach around, it feels like it went all the way through
Why are black people athletic? All of the slow ones are in jail
So a couple of stoners are on top of a skyscraper. They walk to the edge and look down.  The first guys goes, "Man, that's a long way down."  "Yeah," says his friend.  "How long do you think it would take me to reach the bottom if I fell?"  "Uhhh... wow, man.  That's tough.  Maybe three days?''  "Yeah."  "So do you think I'd die?"  "Sure you would.  I mean, no food and water for three days?"  
I like my coffee like I like my slaves Free. 
Cockpit duties... Years ago on a long AA flight, an elderly lady asked if she could visit the cockpit.   When she got up there, she found four crewmen. She asked the first what he did, and he explained that he was the navigator and what his responsibilities were.   She turned to next one and asked what he did. He explained that he was the engineer and his job was to monitor and troubleshoot any system problems to keep the flight operating smoothly.   She turned to the next one and asked what he did. He explained that as the captain he was responsible for everything on the airplane and the functioning of the crew. She turned to the first officer and asked "Well young man, what is your job?"   He replied "Ma'am, I am the captain's sexual advisor."  Somewhat shocked, she said "I beg your pardon, but what do you mean by that?"  "Very simple ma'am. The captain has told me that when he wants my fucking advice, he'll ask me." 
A boy asks his father... "What's the difference between 'potentially' and 'reality'?"  The boy's father studies him for a moment before saying "Go ask your mother, sister, and brother if they would have sex with a Ryan Reynolds for 1 million dollars. Then come back and tell me what they said."  So the son goes off. He asks his mother, who replies "If you're father would be OK with it I would." His sister, who responded enthusiastically that she'd do it for free. And his brother who hesitantly says he would so long as nobody found out.  The boy runs back to his father and says "Dad! They all said yes. What does that mean?"  The father replies "potentially we have 3 million dollars. In reality we have two sluts and a fag."
A woman with a penis... and a man with a vagina have sex. The man becomes pregnant and 9 months later the baby is being born at the hospital. As soon as the child is born, the new parents are screaming, "boy or girl!?" The doctor replies, "Who's to know?"
Pro Tip - If a hot sexy female sends you a friend request on facebook.. REJECT HIM.
A neo-nazi, Communist and a fascist walk into a bar... They burn it down.   That's the joke.
A Jewish boy goes to his father and asks for 50 cents... "I don't have 40 cents. What do you want with 30 cents? Here's 20 cents."
How many "Suh Dudes" do you need to screw in a lightbulb? None, its already lit fam
How do you say "virgin" in Dutch? Goodentight
Why don't black people get presents for Christmas? Because prisons don't have chimneys.
What do gay horses plow? Horse ass.
Did you know that Sir Isaac Newton remained a virgin until his death? *until*
Why dont you need birth controls when having sex with British boys? They are the earliest to pull out of eu.
Why don't you need birth control when having sex with shit disturbers? Because they are fucking assholes.
I like my women like I like my microwave  Hot, clean, and she'll kill any baby I put inside her.
What's the highest form of torture? Having your dick stapled to a busy bathroom doorhandle while being invisible.               #Commentiquete4lyf
How many twists does a feminist need to screw in a light bulb? None. They just grab it and the world to revolve around them.
What did the Japanese man say as the Hiroshima sky was filled with the light of an atomic bomb, in a split second? Wow this blew up fast.
Why did Hitler hate the jews... Because whenever he bought from them there was a high holocost
Gotta admire the Nazi's ethics on medical research... ...since they advanced the field without hurting any animals.
"Mum! Dad's got his cock in the biscuit barrel!" "Don't worry, he's just fucking crackers."
My university offers sex education lessons.... Guess I should sign up for intercouses.
I hate how there's virgin olive oil and there's extra virgin olive oil. There was either a dick in it or there wasn't. There's no such thing as extra lack of penis.
My friends and I were trying to think of an analogy with an "r" in it When we found one we had an analorgy
A grammar nazi was working in the iron mines A grammar nazi was working in the iron mines, when one of the miners went up to Hitler and gave him a report.  Hitler told the man, "You are mining too much iron. Mine less!"  The grammar nazi could not help himself and shouted, "Mine fewer!"  Hitler said, "Yes?"
Two condoms are walking down the street... ...they pass a gay bar and one turns to the other and says, "wanna go in there and get shitfaced?"
Gay people try to say they're not as permiscuous as they're made out to be, but I've had three separate gay men offer me blowjobs And I've never had that happen with a straight guy 
Overheard comment while Ron Jeremy and a fellow porn actor are watching a porn version of the Brexit vote. "David came Ron, David came last Ron."
What happens when a Jew runs in to a wall with a boner? His nose breaks
My wife says I have big balls... ...I asked about the other part and she said "What other part?"
A virgin was told a joke about sex he didn't get it
what do you call a Russian man with 3 balls? WhoYaNickYaBollockov...
Natural Blonde Natural Blonde New paint store just opened up by my place, so I decided as any red-blooded, sexually repressed young lad to pay it a visit. When I went in I saw signs all over advertising the newest color: "Natural Blonde". There weren't any samples around, so I asked the clerk to describe it to me. He replied, "Natural Blonde? Wonderful new paint: not too bright, but spreads easily!"  
What do you call a toilet that only gets used during the day? A diurinal. 
What does grandmas vagina taste like? Depends..
Sex jokes aren't funny! Cum on people!
What's do you call a Chinese person that keeps hitting their head? Low See-Ling.
What`s the difference between chinese people and racism? Racism has many faces
I love to be tied up and dominated during sex. However, it makes being a rapist incredibly difficult.
Why should you never go down on a girl the morning after sex? Have you ever tried to pull apart a grilled cheese sandwich?
I got caught sniffing underwear... I got caught sniffing my friend's sister's underwear the other day,What made it worse was she was still wearing them,Made the rest of her funeral really awkward.
What did the Muslim say when he entered the Gay Bar? Shots for Everyone!!!
A short penis joke I'm Asian
Why did gays started to join NSA? They thought it stood for 'no straight allowed'.
Did you hear about the guy who fucked a sheep? Turns out he's bahhh-sexual
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a light bulb? Ten - one to hold the light bulb and nine to drink until the room spins!  Happy St. Patrick's day! 
I thought about posting a heavy fart joke. But it seemed like low-hanging toot. 
Miss piggy Did u know that when she counts Miss Piggy never gets to 70?   She gets to 69 and end up with a frog in her throat
What do you call a secret agent who screws his best mate's grandmother? Pierce Brosnan
I heard that Being the one to circumcise elephants doesn't pay too well But the tips are huge!!
If you were born in Poland and are now taking a piss in England, what are you? European
I've made a decision to make fuhrer about Nazi jokes This is because they are out of mein kampfert zone
What do you call the dump you take after a brunch? Brexit.
A son comes home and Tells his dad that he finally had sex for the first time.  His father then says "my boy, finally turned into a man!! Come sit here and tell me about it!"  The son replies "I can't, my ass hurts." 
Married 10 times, still a virgin A lawyer married a woman who had previously divorced ten husbands.   On their wedding night, she told her new husband, "Please be gentle, I'm still a virgin."   "What?" said the puzzled groom.   "How can that be if you've been married ten times?"   "Well, Husband #1 was a sales representative: he kept telling me how great it was going to be.   Husband #2 was in software services: he was never really sure how it was supposed to function, but he said he'd look into it and get back to me.   Husband #3 was from field services: he said everything checked out diagnostically but he just couldn't get the system up.   Husband #4 was in telemarketing: even though he knew he had the order, he didn't know when he would be able to deliver.   Husband #5 was an engineer: he understood the basic process but wanted three years to research, implement, and design a new state-of-the-art method.   Husband #6 was from finance and administration: he thought he knew how, but he wasn't sure whether it was his job or not.   Husband #7 was in marketing: although he had a nice product, he was never sure how to position it.   Husband #8 was a psychologist: all he ever did was talk about it.   Husband #9 was a gynecologist: all he did was look at it.   Husband #10 was a stamp collector: all he ever did was... God! I miss him! But now that I've married you, I'm really excited!"   "Good," said the new husband, "but, why?"   "You're a lawyer. This time I know I'm gonna get screwed!"
Why do Asian women have small boobs? When in lingerie store, the Asian girl's father said "B cup?! Why you no A cup?!"
Differences between the sexes A little girl and boy are fighting about the differences between the sexes, and which one is better. Finally, the boy drops his pants and says, “Here’s something I have that you’ll never have!” The little girl is pretty upset by this, since it is clearly true, and runs home crying. A while later, she comes running back with a smile on her face. She drops her pants and says, “My mommy says that with one of these, I can have as many of those as I want!”
My ex was electrocuted while making love to a sex-robot. It came as a terrible shock.
What do you call a shitty igloo? An "eh"gloo.
Sex between 3 people is a threesome, 2 is a twosome... Does that make me a handsome guy?
I've not posted to r/advice before &amp; I'm on mobile so please forgive any spelling errors, I'm on a small screen. My neighbour has a large, untrained dog, he is tied up in the yard most days, but has broken the chain several times now and when that happens he chases my cat and shits all over my lawn. I wouldn't mind so much, but now the dog has started to do it too.
I wish people would stop making gay jokes Cum on guys!
What does smoking a cigarette and eating a pussy have in common? [NSFW] The flavor gets stronger as you get closer to the butt. 
What's the difference between my dick and a pitchfork? I can't stick my dick in 4 babies at once.
What do asparagus and anal sex have in common? If you were forced to have it as a kid, you probably don't like it as an adult. 
Why did the feminist burn down the field of canola? She said she was defending herself against rape.
Little Johnny walks in on his parents haveing sex Little Johnny walks in on his parents haveing sex. As soon as he walks in his dad hurries and jumps to the floor and starts looking under the bed.  Little Johnny ask "DAD,WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"  Dad replies "IM LOOKING FOR A DAMN RAT THAT I KEEP HEARING!!"  At that Little Johnny looks at his dad with a disturbed look on his face and say "SO ARE YOU GOING TO FUCK THE RAT TOO?"
Whats the difference between a Physicist and an engineer? The physicist gives theories about how shit works.  An engineer takes the theories, unfortunately finds 1000 other ways of how that shit doesn't work and eventually creates something that transforms the theoretical shit into some real shit. 
What did the reporter say to the Jew when a Mexican yelled: "Heil Hitler"? Anne Frankly, I did Nazi that Juan coming.
I accidentally called out my mums name during sex and my sister hasn't talked to me since.
So a guy works at a sex shop And his friend was in the neighbourhood and decided to go in to say hello. After a brief hello and small talk, the shop owner asks his friend if he'll look after the store for 10-15 minutes, while he goes to the bank before it closes. The friend agrees and away he goes.  After 5 minutes, a woman walks in asking about one of the small vibrators on the wall behind him.  "Oh that white one? $25"  She agrees and pays him. After about another 5 minutes, another woman comes in asking about one of the dildos on the shelf.  "That big black one? Well it's kinda pricey, but $60 if you're interested."  She pays him as goes off on her way.  Just before the shop owner returns, another woman enters the store, but looks awfully nervous, as if she doesn't know what she wants, but quickly goes up to the front desk.  "How much for that one on the shelf, the big plaid one?" she asks timidly.  "Well that one's a limited edition, pretty much the only one in the store. It's quite pricey, I'm not sure if it's in your price range...$250."  She quickly thinks it over and says, "what the hell, you only live once! I'll buy it." He bags it up, and as she's exiting the shop, the owner returns.  "Hey thanks again for helping me out." He shakes his hand in gratitude.  "My pleasure," the friend replies.  "Did you manage to sell anything while I was away?" he asks.  "Absolutely. I sold one of your white vibrators for $25" the friend says proudly.  "Great! I sell them for $15."  Then the friend continues, "I sold the big black dildo for $60."  "That's incredible! I charge only $40 for it," the shop owner beams.  "You kidding? That's nothing! I sold your thermos for $250!"
Quick Joke # 2 After wife's delivery, Husband asks the nurse: How soon do you think, we will be able to have sex ..??? Nurse: Ok, Ok, Meet me after 20 minutes. And don't talk so loudly..!! 
On our third date, my girlfriend told me that she was bisexual. I broke it off with her because I definitely need sex more than every two weeks.
so a queer gay fag, was smoking a fag, sitting on a fagot while working on a tranny. and when he was done he put the car back together and called it a day.
An islamic man walks in to a gay bar.. The bartender says "what can i get ya?"  "Shots for everyone!" 
TIL The German translation for bright is hell It was all a big misunderstanding! 
(long) A ship captain notices a pirate ship gaining speed for an attack. He tells his first mate to get him his red shirt. "Why?" the first mate asked. "I want the red shirt in case I get hit and start bleeding no one can tell and we don't lose moral." They fight and win the battle and start to celebrate. After a few minutes they see 20 more ships and the captain turns to his first mate to say "bring me my brown pants!"
A recent study showed that 93% of the people in Detroit have had shower sex The other 7% have not been to jail.
Guy says, "damn, there should be a law against having sex this good!" The girl said nothing, for the drugs had left her unconscious.
What do you get when you cross a pirate with a pedophile? Aaaarrrrrrrr Kelly.
A man walks up to a prostitute and propositions her for sex... She says to the man: "Sorry, but I'm clothed for the day."
What's the difference between your girlfriend and cocaine? I don't have to pay for the blow. 
I like my coffee like I like my slaves Free. 
How many chicken eggs does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Literally dozens.
Younger brother saw his older brother masturbating. He doesn't have knowledge about masturbation, big brother is about to reach climax and is now twitching his eyes from the pleasure. He immediately run to his mother and said "Mom, big brother is committing suicide!", the mother ask how come, and said "He is crushing his balls!".
A gay guy walks into a bar... After a long hot day in the sun the gay guy needs a drink and walks into the bar. The bartender recognizes he is gay and asks him to leave.  The gay guy pleads with the bartender to allow him to stay for just a few drinks and he would be on his way with no problems. They agree and he orders his drinks. While sitting there a cowboy struts in "Wheeww, it's so hot out there today, I'm so thirsty I could lick the sweat off of a cow's balls!" The gay guy immediately turns to him and says "Moo-Moo buckaroo!"
Two nuns are remodeling a new complex for the blind. They are painting and get really hot and decide to take off their habits.  A little bit later due to the heat they decide to just get completely naked and paint. Later that afternoon there is a knock on the door, in a panic the nuns ask "who is it?" Man replies "blind guy".  They breath a sigh of relief and let him in.  He walks in and says " hey nice tits where do you want the blinds?"
So, Pee Wee Herman announced he has converted to Islam He's currently planning a pilgrimage to Mecca Lecca Hi Mecca Hiney Ho.
Did you hear about the woman with 12 breasts? Sounds crazy, dozen tit?
So Richard Simmons is getting a sex change. Finally going to be a man...
Cocktail Party! An Army Battalion was having a cocktail party to welcome the new Brigade Commander.  A circular was sent out to all: Cockfail at 7 PM sharp at the Officers Mess.  The Commanding Officer saw the spelling mistake and asked the Adjutant to amend it. The Adjutant did and it read: Refer to circular, kindly read tail, instead of fail - Cock stands, as it is.
What's the most awkward moment for Jesus during sex? When they scream his fathers name.
A girl who I met yesterday did not like me, so I got pissed off and gave her the middle finger ... 2 minutes later she was screaming.
Stupidest Knock Knock Joke My friend told me this one. Him: Hey, I have really good knock knock joke, but you have to start it. Me: Okay, Knock Knock Him: Who's there Me: ... "Laughs" God  damnit.  Thanks to my buddy Michael for this stupid joke. 
Where do most black people work? In jail
How does Pinocchio's father know when his son tells a lie? He just nose it.
Why do Asian women have small tits? Because only A's are acceptable.
How do you reuse a condom? You turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it.
How many lives does a Nazi cat have? NEIN!   I just realized that this actually makes sense because nein is the word for zero, and there aren't any Nazi cats (I mean they're all assholes, don't get me wrong, but they're not antisemitic). Multiple layers. Yay.
What do priests ejaculate? Sermon. 
Yesterday one of my patients told me about the time he sat on his testicles... It was nuts.
A man walks into a sex store... He asks the shop keeper for an inflatable sex doll.   The shop keeper says,   "well I have threekinds in stock.   I have a blonde doll, ablack doll and a Muslim doll"  Perplexed, the guy says "well I kind of understand the difference between the blonde and the black dolls, but what's with the Muslim doll?"  The shopkeeper says, "well you have to blow the blond and the black dolls... But the Muslim one blows itself up"  
Most people think they're pretty good with using toilet paper... But I literally wipe the shit outta my ass.
Why's my dick so much more tan than the rest of me? Cause its full of vitamin D
One time I didn't masturbate for 11 years... and then I turned 12.
Donald Trump should hire the Chinese to build the wall After all, they have experience.
What did Obama's dad say when his mom wanted anal? Well they don't call me "Saddamy" Hussein for nothing!
Why is it better to be fat than skinny? Because the pros LITERALLY outweigh the cons!
I had an ant bite my penis today. it feels like a little prick.
The difference between oral and anal thermometers? The taste.
What did Hitler's cat think of the Holocaust? It was purrfect. 
Tits are like Legos I'm always stepping on them.
Most people go talk to a therapist, family, or friends to get shit off their chest... ...I however just go take a shower.
How do you circumsise a hillbilly? Kick his sister In the jaw
What do you call a chinese pedophile? Pok Um Yung
What do a porn star and an IT security analyst have in common? Both do penetration testing.
My grandfather died and was re-incarnated. He turned into ashes
Im tired of the movies, I miss the Transformers cartoon. That's when Optimus was in his prime 
What do you call a dock that lost it's cock? A TRANSport
How many Nazis does it take to change a lightbulb? Only one, but it takes them until the third try to get it reich.
What was the name of the gay porno staring Macaulay Culkin where he became a prostitute in an attempt to pay his mortgage? Homo-loan  
How many euphonium players does it take to screw in a light bulb? The whole section. One to hold the ladder and one to screw in the light bulb.
So I had sex with this Asian girl the other day... She didn't speak much English, but I think she liked it.  She kept on screaming "Wong Ho! Wong Ho!"
Sex is a misdemeanor.. De more I miss, de meanor I get.
Why are men smarter while having sex? Because they're plugged into a know it all.
So the other day I turned up at my homosexual brothers house... And of course, the mat outside the from door read "please wipe your knees"
Jenga is like sex. You pull out and try not to make a mess.
"She bit three inches off my penis!" A man was having premature ejaculation problems so he went to the doctor. The doctor said, "When you feel like you are getting ready to ejaculate, try startling yourself." That same day the man went to the store and bought himself a starter pistol and ran home to his wife. That night the two were having sex and found themselves in the 69 position. The man felt the urge to ejaculate and fired the starter pistol. The next day he went back to the doctor who asked how it went. The man answered, "Not well. When I fired the pistol, my wife pooped on my face, bit three inches off my penis, and my neighbor came out of the closet with his hands in the air."
Trump's penis is so big... That on an (qwerty) keyboard it stretches all the way from A to Z.
My girlfriend asked me if I had ever pissed in the shower My girlfriend asked me if I had ever pissed in the shower.  I said, "Yeah, a couple of times, accidentally."  She said, "That's disgusting! What do you mean accidentally?!"  "Hey," I said, "these things happen when you're taking a shit."
People say Andy Dick is an Asshole... Hes a Dick get it straight.
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster farmer and a hooker with diarrhea? One shucks between fits.
I want to make gay sex illegal! So I can feel dirty when I do it.
An old woman goes to the dentist... ...takes off all her clothes and spreads her legs. The dentist says "I think you have the wrong room..." "You put in my husband's teeth last week", she replies. "Now you have to remove them."
My favourite sex position is the JFK It's where I splatter all over her as she screams and tries to get out of the car
Yo mama is so fat... That Seaworld is looking for her to make sure she no longer breeds.
Why does more black people get run over during the day? You can't see them when it is night.
What's it called when a comedian takes an urgent shit after a long time of waiting? Comic relief!
A man goes to the doctor and the doctor tells him, "Sir, you have to stop masturbating." The man asks, "Why, doc?"  And the doctor replies, "Because I'm examining you!"
I like my coffee like I like my slaves.. beaten till fine and in the south..
I don't know why /r/deadbedrooms complains so much about starfish sex. Personally, it really turns me on when her arms grow back.
Of all the different types of pornography ... I'd say animal porn is the bestial. 
A man goes to a costume party wearing nothing but pants... The host asks: "What are you supposed to be?"  The man replies: "I am a premature ejaculation!"  To which the host replies: "Interesting... But why are you not wearing a shirt or shoes or a hat or anything else?"  The man says: "Well I just came in my pants!"
So Daffy Duck took his girlfriend to a hotel for the night... He rings down for room service and asks for a condom.  They reply with "Would you like us to put it on your bill?"  "Fuck no, I'd suffocate!"
A wife gets naked... …and asks her husband, 'What turns you on more! my pretty face or my sexy body?'   Husband looks her up and down for a moment and replies, 'Your sense of humor.' 
What did the programmer say when they lost their virginity? "hello world!\n"
A commandant of a concentration camp lines up all the prisoners on the parade field and say. I have good news and bad news. Half of you will be sent to the nicest hotel in Berlin and half of you will be sent to the nicest hotel in Munich.  Old Jew in the back raises his hand and asks. Whats the bad news?  To which the commandant replied. You're going as soap.... 
I like my slaves like i like my cream whipped
Son comes out as gay to his father "Hi gay, I'm dad"
That sunken Nazi submarine they just found is a lot like my girlfriend Dead and full of seamen
What do you call a bunny with a bent dick? Fucks Funny   
Sex After Death A couple made a deal that whomever died first would come back and inform the other of the afterlife.  Their biggest fear was that there was no after life.  After a long life together, the husband was the first to die. True to his word, he made the first contact, 'Judy ..Judy.':  'Is that you, Steve?'  'Yes, I've come back like we agreed.'  That's wonderful! What's it like?'  'Well, I get up in the morning, I have sex I have breakfast and then it's off to the golf course. I have sex again, bathe in the warm sun and then have sex a couple of more times. Then I have lunch (you'd be proud - lots of greens) another romp around the golf course, then pretty much have sex the rest of the afternoon. After supper, it's back to golf course again. Then it's more sex until late at night. I catch some much needed sleep and then the next day it starts all over again.'  'Oh, Steve you surely must be in Heaven!'  'Not exactly . I'm a rabbit on a golf course in Arizona.'
A chinese man, indian man, and an american man are on a boat... ...A water god appears and tells each one to sacrifice something they have too much of in their respective country, or else he'll sink the boat. The chinese man throws some rice, saying, "I have too many of these in my country." The indian man throws some coal, saying, "I have too many of these in my country." The american man throws the chinese man, saying, "I have too many of these in my country."
Canada is so sexist! Why isn't there a Womanitoba
What's bruked, broke, and fucked all over? The country!
7 Asian guys walk into a bar The first 6 order a drink.  The seventh orders a beer, and the bartender says "goddammit I've served you six drinks already, you're drunk and I'm not serving you!"
What did the toilet say to the bathtub? ...I may be full of shit, but at least I don't have jizz all over me.
I used to have a lot of sex... Then my VR headset broke. 
How many altos does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, they can't reach it. 
I peed on the elevator. That's wrong on SO many levels.
What did the halal lettuce say to the halal cucumber ? Lets make salat
Hitler's birthday For Hitler's birthday, his generals decide to crucify a Jew in the middle of the camp as a gift. When Hitler gets his gift, the Jew on the cross seems to be mumbling something but Hitler can’t hear exactly what. His generals assure Hitler the Jew will be dead within 48 hours.  The next few days, the Jew keeps on living while mumbling every time Hitler walks by. And each time Hitler gets a little angrier at the Jew because he isn't dead yet.   So finally, after 1 month, Hitler climbs a ladder to the Jew and says: "Just say what you want to say and die already."   With his last breath, the Jew replies:   "Happy birthday to you Happy birthday to you Happy birthday dear Adolf Happy birthday to you..." 
My penis is a gentleman ... It stands up so ladies have a place to sit down.
Jared Fogle is in jail for having child pornography... His career started and ended trying to get into smaller pants. Looks like he can still enjoy plenty of footlongs in jail.
A German soldier, Japanese soldier, and Italian soldier... A German soldier, Japanese soldier, and Italian soldier are POWs in an allied camp during WWII. They are in their cells and agree not to talk while being interrogated by their captors.   The German soldier is taken first. The other two hear blood curdling screams of pain and within minutes the German tells the allies all they need to know from him. He comes back to his cell feeling ashamed.  Next, the Japanese soldier is taken. Again, there are screams echoing throughout the building. The Japanese man lasts two whole days of torture before finally giving in. He comes back in disgrace, dishonoring his homeland and family name.  Finally, it is the Italian's turn. The other two wish him luck as they know what is coming ahead for him. The terrified Italian is taken to the other room and, once again, nothing but screams of pain. However, it continues into the night, and the next day, then several days... finally two weeks of almost non-stop torture and the captors give up on him.  The allied guards angrily bring the battered and bruised Italian back to his cell and leave. The German soldier and Japanese soldier looked onto their comrade in utter shock.  "How did you make it so long? It's impossible..." said the German.  "I had no choice" shrugged the Italian. "How can they expect me to talk when they tie my hands behind my back?"  **This may be a repost, but I read it somewhere and cracked up, either way it's worth the mention, hats off to whoever came up with it**
My friend's grandfather just died... It must've hit him like a truck
What do you call two Egyptians who've farted at the same time? Tutankhamun.
Why is a fat dog so afraid of the dog catcher? Because they're paid by the pound.
I went up to a sexy girl in a bar. I said, "Would you like to come back to my place?"  "I think you should ask my boyfriend first." she smiled.  I said, "No thanks. I'm not gay."
A black man takes a girl home from a nightclub... ...She says "Show me it's true what they say about black men". So he stabs her &amp; nicks her purse.
"Oh yeah? We'll last night I screwed my mom." Retorted Oedipus
It takes a lot of balls to golf like me.
What's the similarity between women and dogshit? The older they get, the easier they are to pick up. 
What does Pokemon Go and sex have in common? They're not for kids.
What do you call the UN translator who quit his job to pursue his dream of becoming a hot dog eating champion? A cunning linguist who became a professional masticator.
Why does a man name his penis? Because he doesn't want a total stranger making 90% of his decisions.
There's a train track with two rails going down a path. A policeman has the lever. One track has a black man, one has a white man. Who does the policeman let the train run over? He lets the white man get ran over by the train, then he shoots the black man.
A black guy, a Jew, and an Arab walk into a bar. Bartender looks up and says... Get out!
Two gay guys were getting busy in the bedroom when all of the sudden, one of the guys stands up and has to go pee real quick.  Before he leaves the room, he tells his partner not to cum without him while he's gone.  When he returns, he finds jizz splattered all over the walls, floors, bed, fucking everywhere. He gets a little pissed.. "what the hell I thought I told you not to cum without me!?"  His partner says, "I didn't, I farted" 
What joke would piss off any redditor? Update 1: Punchline removed.
How many SJWs does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. They hold it in place and expect the world to revolve around them.﻿
Who was the first man to masturbate in space? The first man in space!
What do you call a chinese poker face? A mahjong face
My grandfather's new 21 year old wife denies she’s a gold digger  but I think it’s a little suspicious she married him less than a week after his death.
School is like a dick. It's long and hard, unless you're Asian.
Tried to watch some porn last night but I couldn't buy into the plot... There were just too many holes
A guy is having sex with his girlfriend and stops dead in his tracks. "What are you doing?" she asks.   "I saw this in a porn once. It's called buffering."
What is the worse part of breaking up with a Japanese person? You have to drop the bomb twice to get the message.
A cashier working a dead end minimum wage job found a way out, by having sex with the register He came into some money
A friend of mine told me that sex after a vasectomy would hurt. But to be honest I haven't noticed a vas deferens.
My girlfriend sucks at giving blowjobs. Even though I gave her a second chance, she blew it. 
Heard there's a new sexual harassment class... Being taught by Bill Cosby, Bill Clinton, and Roger Ailes at Trump University.  Women get in free.
Doctor wrote me a prescription for daily sex But the wife insists it says its for Dyslexia
If you masturbate on an plane, is it "hi-jacking"?
How many Gentlesirs does it take to screw in a lightbulb? "Screw is such a harsh word, M'Lightbulb. I have too much respect for lamps to use it." &lt;Tips fedora&gt;
Whats the difference between tires and black people...... Tires don't sing when you put chains on them. 
What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip
WTF fact- pigeons die when they have sex At least the one I fucked did.
Deaf Sex Two deaf people get married and during the first week of marriage they find that they are unable to communicate in the bedroom with the lights out since they can't see each other signing, or read lips. After several nights of fumbling around and many misunderstandings, the wife figures out a solution. She writes a note to her husband: 'Honey, Why don't we agree on some simple signals? For instance, at night, if you want to have sex with me, reach over and squeeze my left breast one time. If you don't want to have sex, reach over and squeeze my right breast two times. The husband thinks this is a great idea. He writes back to his wife That if she wants to have sex with him, reach over and pull on his penis one time. If she doesn't want to have sex, pull on his penis two hundred and fifty times.
We all know you're secretly gay... In fact, you're so far in the closet you're having adventures in Narnia
BOY: Dad , is a mermaid girl or a fish ? DAD : Well son that depends weather you are HORNY or HUNGRY .
We all live in the balls of God And he's not sure if he should bring "Jizz us" back
What do you call a masturbating bull? Beef Stroganoff.
A black man and a Mexican are in a car , who's driving it ? The Police
Why did the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong socks today
When the time comes, I want to go out like my grandfather did, peacefully in his sleep. And not screaming and panicking like his passengers.
The new OJ Simpson documentary is so captivating It really got my juices flowing. --- Thank you.
How do you recognize a limp dick? He uses a crotch.
Teacher: "Today we are gonna talk about sex" Class: "What do you want to know?"
A black man walks on a street with a frog on his head... A black man walks on a street with a frog on his head. A man comes to the black man and asks: "Where did you get that?" The frog replies: "I don't know, but it started from a hemorrhoid"
A shark is teaching her son how to eat a human Shark: First, do a full circle around him, then go forward a bit. Repeat this step until you are very close to the human, then eat it.  Baby shark: Ok but why do we have to turn around it? Can't we just eat it normally?  Shark: Well... I guess, but why would you want to eat it with all the shit inside?
What does the rooster say... What does the rooster say after getting kicked in the nuts?  M' M' Mah COCK  I'll just show myself out.
Why is Peter Pan's voice so high? Because if someone hit your peter with a pan, you'd have a high voice too!
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb? They don't. They just beat up the room for being dark and arrest the light for being broke.
Why does Black Widow love sitting on Captain America's shield? Because it's made out of vibranium.
I ate 2 pieces of string... When they came out they were tied together.  I shit you knot.
Little Red Riding Hood and the Wolf are having sex Suddenly the Wolf says:  "Guess what baby? I'm not even really a wolf!"  "Whaaaaat?"  "Yeah, I'm skeletor! Hueheuheu!"
Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
Here's an offensive joke, what's black and white and eats like a horse? A zebra, you bastard.
Where do you bury a dead donkey? In the Ass hole
My Thai girlfriend said to me that a tiny penis should't be a problem in a relationship. I still wish she didn't have one.
What is long, black and dangerous to cut into? the line at KFC
I get asked all the time why I play in a gay basketball league It's because I love going up and down the hardwood.
I asked my wife if we could have sex even though she was on her period.. ...she said she may be able to pull some strings
A guy walks into a psychiatrist's office... Wearing nothing but seran wrap. The doctor looked at the man and replied, "I can clearly see you're nuts."
Why do Farts Smell so Bad? So the deaf can enjoy them too.
British toilet humour. "Go and have a look at the size of the shit I've just done in the bathroom!" I said to my wife.  "No thanks," she replied.  "Please, just one quick look," I said, "You won't believe it, it's a good two pounder."  Shaking her head in disbelief, she pinched her nose, ran in, looked down the toilet, then ranout and said, "There's nothing down there, you must've flushed it."  I said,"It's on the scales!"
Had sex with a tranny... Got scared when I did the reach around and thought I went through her
NSFR: Two tampons are walking down the street towards you. One is a Super and the other is a Slim. Which one says "Hi" first? Neither one...they're both stuck up cunts.
What slides in and out until it's balls are busted? Piston
[NSFW] What's the difference between a bucket of dead babies and a pile of sex toys? The bucket.
What does a robot do at the end of a one night stand? He nuts and bolts.
What do smoking a cigarette and eating pussy have in common? The closer you get to the butt, the stronger the taste.
I used to live with my sister. It was really off-putting when I could hear her scream during sex... So I just put my hand over her mouth.  "Shut up, no one is coming to help you."
What is the difference between a refrigerator and a gay man? A refrigerator doesn't fart when you take your meat out of it.
My cum smells like bleach Too bad it didn't kill my ex.
Hey you hear about that gay midget? Yeah, he came out of the cupbard.
What does a guy who's self-conscious about his uncircumcised penis say to his barber? Just a little off the tip- I mean top. 
Three guys were talking about their girlfriends... Three guys were talking about their girlfriends and the topic turned to blowjobs. The first guy says "My girl calls them 'ice baths' because she always puts something cold in her mouth when she give me head." The second guy says "My girlfriend uses a move she calls 'the lemon drop' where she eats something sour before going to town." The first two guys notice that the third guy has been holding his crotch in pain this whole time and ask him what's wrong. The third guy then replies "My girlfriend has a technique she likes to call 'the cheese-grater'.
Met a transexual lesbian at the bar He was a pretty normal guy.
A Mexican, a Jew, and a Italian walk into a bar..... The bartender looks up with a scowl and says..... Get the fuck out of here...
--Whenever I am down in the dumps, I buy a new hat. --So that's where you get them.
If a woman has sex with a hundred men...... She is a considered a slut.  If a man does the same thing, he is gay.
The wind blew up the skirt of a pretty Thai lady in front of me while I was walking on a busy sidewalk. I was thinking "Please don't get a boner, please don't get a boner..."  but he did.
[Long] A Japanese man, a British man, a Texan, and a Mexican are aboard a small private plane... ... when the pilot announces that the plane has just lost one of the engines, and they're carrying too much weight to stay in the air, and that they need to lose about 500 pounds (227 kg), so three of the men will need to jump to save everyone else on board.  The Japanese man walks to the door and opens it, exclaiming, "For my famry's honor!" and jumps out.  Next, the Brit walks to the door and says, "Long live the Queen!" and jumps.  The two remaining men look at each other, and the Texan knows what he must do, so he walks to the door and says, "Remember the Alamo!" and throws the Mexican out.
My sister gets mad when I pee in the shower. She wouldn't even fucking notice if she wasn't taking a bath at the time.
Why did God create the orgasm? So women can moan even when they are happy.
Who has seen more black dick than all the Kardashians combined? A Chibok school girl 
What's an Asian's favorite drug? Math-amphetamine
What's the biggest crime committed by transvestites? Male Fraud!
A man walks into a library ... A man walks into a library and asks the librarian, "Do you have that new book for men with small penises?"   The librarian looks on her computer and says, "I don't know if it's in yet."  "Yeah that's the one!"
News from the sexual health clinic A friend of mine received news from the sexual health clinic, he opened the letter and gleefully shouted "high five!". Relieved I took a look at the letter, dont know how I'm going to tell him that it's pronounced H.I.V
I told my toilet to go eat shit... I probably shouldn't have said that because he got all flushed.
we're fucked When u thought that Donald Trump running for president was a joke then realized I don't have enough money saved up to move out of the country. 
As a gay male, just once, I wish someone would ask me how I like my coffee. Them: Hey, how do you like your coffee?  Me: Like I love my men!  Them:  Oh, Black?  Me: No, anally! 
There was a couple having sex while camping It was in-tents
So I heard you're having sex with fruit. What are you, fucking bananas?
I was having sex with my girlfriend... ...and I came all over her breasts.  After cleaning it off, she sighed in relief and said, "That's a load off my chest!"
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and an anal thermometer? The taste.
I just had sex with a boulder... now I have Sisyphus.
What do you call a machine with two dicks inside? A police car.
What's the opposite of a gay bar? An allahu akbar. 
Little Billy and his class went on a field trip with Ms. Marie On their way back, the bus broke down and on top of that there was a huge storm. There was no way they could make it back that day so they decided to stay in a motel nearby for the night. The children were fed and put to bed.   Little Billy came to Ms Marie and said he couldn't sleep and the only way he could fall asleep was to put his pinky in someone's belly button. She said, "ok little Billy I will help you fall asleep". So she lied beside him. After a while she had a funny feeling and  she said, "Now there Little Billy, that ain't my belly button but something else" and to that little Billy replied, "Oh that's alright Ms Marie that ain't my pinky either but something else!"
The lover of a married woman jumps into the closet... Just as the husband comes home. In the closet he sees the young son of the woman, who has been hiding in there.  He says "Dark in here", the lover replies "Yeah it sure is, please keep quite". "You want to buy my baseball glove for 100$?" "No! Why would I do that?" the lover replies. "My father is right outside...." "Ok, fine. I'll buy your glove, but keep quite."  One week later the same thing happens, the lover jumps into the closet as soon as he hears the husband coming up the stairs. The boy is in the closet again. "Dark in here", says the boy. "Yeah it sure is, keep quite damn it." "Want to buy my baseball for 1000$?" "Fuck.... yeah fine, I have no choice", says the lover.  A few days later the father of the boy wants to play catch with him. The son says, that he sold his glove and ball for over a thousand bugs. The father is shocked and can't believe that his son fooled someone. He takes him right to church so he can confess his sins. As soon as the son enters the confessionbox, he says "Dark in here" The priest "God damn it not again...."
A very attractive, well dressed, woman walks into a shop that sells very expensive Persian rugs. She looks around and finds the perfect rug and walks over to inspect it.  As she bends over to feel the texture of the rug, she farts loudly. Very embarrassed, she looks around nervously to see if anyone has noticed her little accident and hopes a salesperson doesn’t pop up right now.  As she turns back, there, standing next to her, is a salesman. “Good day Miss, how may we help you today?”   Very uncomfortably she asks, “Sir, how much does this rug costs?”   He answers, “Lady, if you farted just touching it, you’re gonna shit your pants when you hear what the price is!”
Do strangers shit in the woods? Yes. I happened, incidentally, and quite unfortunately, to turn a corner in a local forest to see a guy shitting in the woods. And I did not turn the soft bend to see his face as he was squeezing, no, I turned and saw his ass.  This was public lands no more than 100 yards from a cafe and beaches where families swim.  HILARIOUS!
Why are police officers bad at Billiards? They hit eight ball first because it was black.
Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road? Because it was stuck in a crack. 
So I asked my friend if his cousin did porn, and he found out, if he would tell her. You know if she lied and said she worked at fast food. He said: "Where? At Mchokesondicks""  Really happened, just now.
A girl with no arms and no legs is sitting on the beach crying...   A man walks up to her and says "What's wrong?" She replies "I've never been kissed before."   So the man kisses her, but she starts crying even more. He says "What's wrong? I thought you wanted to be kissed." This time she replies "Yea, but I've never been fucked before." The man thinks for a second, and has an idea. He picks her up by her sides, and throws her as far as he can into the ocean. He yells to her "Well, you're fucked now!"
A man walks into an autobody shop and asks for a rim job A man walks into an autobody shop and asks for a rim job.  The mechanic gapes at the man for a few seconds and then asks, "What did you say?"  "A rim job!" says the man. "My buddy knows all about cars and he took one look at my wheels and said I desperately needed a rim job."  Realizing that the man was being made sport of, the mechanic felt that it was his solemn duty to keep the game going.  "I'm sorry, sir, but we're strictly front-end work only here," said the mechanic. "For a rim job you'll have to go about a mile down the road to Hank's."  The man thanks the mechanic and leaves, only to return an hour later steaming mad.  "You're a god damned liar!" the man shouted at the mechanic, quivering with rage. Feeling a little guilty, the mechanic decides the joke had gone far enough.  "I guess they laughed at you, huh?" says the mechanic apologetically.  "You're damn right they laughed! Hank told me that you're an *expert* at rim jobs. In fact, just last week you gave his cousin the best rim job of his life!"  "Sir," says the mechanic, "I really have to tell you that a rim job...".  "Oh, no, it's too late for that!" interrupts the man, storming off. As he's leaving, a sweet old lady enters the shop and the man stops to take his revenge.  "Lady, if you're here for a rim job, just tell that guy over there to kiss your ass!"
A man finds a job at an elephant circumcision office. His salary is so low that he wants to quit, but then he sees that the tips are huge!
A child asks his father whether he got his intelligence or his mother's. "Your mother's, son. I still have mine."
What do you call taking a dump after breakfast? A Brexit
My father reminds me of Jesus Christ. Not that he resembles him or anything. Its just that he left, said he was gonna come back, and never did. 
Whats the Diffrence Between Hitler and Usain Bolt? One can acctualy finish a race
There is a Pokestop in my pants You wanna grab my Pokeballs? 
I went to visit my grandfather in the hospital, but it was too late... He was already gone.      His suffering is over now.      He's gone home.      He's doing much better, so the hospital discharged him!
Man, I hate my dick so much... It's always getting me into sticky situations.
What happens when a Jew runs into a wall with a boner? His nose breaks.
There something bugging me. I've encountered this object many times over in the streets lately. Every way I turn I see Weed.... les
Did you hear about the lady giving free bjs at the 7-11? Everyone got slurpees.
I work at my stepfather's store. I work at my stepfather's store. You think your boss is an asshole? Mine fucks my mom.  - Cole Y.
I once saw my grandparents have sex And that's why I don't eat raisins
The motto Christian gays live by "In God we thrust"  :'(
So a priest and a rabbi are at a wedding.. They see a little boy bent over, and the priest says, "Id really like to screw that boy!" And the rabbi says "Out of what?"  
Why did the semen cross the road? Because I wore the wrong socks today!
I always hear others say that black people are lazy and bad workers, but I think they're completely wrong. I think black people are the hardest workers out there. Hell, they love work so much they'll do it for free!
It's like my Grandfather always said... Give a man a dog and he'll be happy for a day, teach a man to dog and he'll be happy for his whole life 
I had a dream about you saving my life! A poison snake bit my dick...
I ejaculated six feet earlier. Strange, I usually ejaculate semen. 
Why do porn stars make terrible boxers? Because they don't know how to make a proper fist.
Have you seen the clown that hides from gay people? Edward asked. "No, why?" Timothy asks back
Why can't gay people drive while they're aroused? Because they can't think straight.
I just walked in on my manager vigorously masturbating. He told me to stop vigorously masturbating and get the hell out of his office.
How can you tell a sex doll is Muslim ? It blows itself up.
Holocaust jokes aren't funny. My great grandfather died in Auschwitz. He fell off of a watch tower.
Why does Noddy wear a giant red hat with a yellow tinkling bell on the end of it? Because he's a cunt.
Why is /r/Jokes so racist? Because it's filled with racist young white men.  Fuck you.
At a gag gift exchange, I gave a woman a hotdog and a condom She said "Frankly, I never sausage a small weiner."
Jokes 118 The Stuck Vibrator A lady called her gynecologist, and asked for an "emergency" appointment. The receptionist said to come right in. She rushed to the office, and was ushered right into an examination room. The doctor came into the exam room and asked about her problem She was very shy about her emergency problem, and asked the gynecologist to please examine her vagina.  So the doctor started to examine her. He stuck up his head after completing his examination. "I'm sorry, Miss," he said, "but removing that vibrator is going to involve a very lengthy , delicate and expensive surgical operation."  "I'm not sure I can afford it," sighed the young woman. "But while I am here could you just replace the batteries? "  
What has 16 balls and 3 pubic hairs? A sleepover at Michael Jacksons house
How do gay guys high-five? With difficulty until they get past the knuckles. 
What did Hitler call his recliner? Mein Kampf-y Chair.
What do blondes and the Bermuda Triangle have in common? They both swallow seamen.
How does Stephen Hawking have sex? Enter, backspace, enter, backspace, enter, backspace...
Mother: It's time to get off the cumputer! Kid: Mom, just one more minute, please  Mother: It's past our bedtime. Get off, NOW!  Kid: Mom, I'm going to kill you.
Did you hear about the guy with no penis? He just comes out of nowhere.
what's a good pick-up line in a gay bar? Can I push your stool in?
Why do cannibals love eating alligator shit? Because it tastes like babies
I just saw a "The Flash" porn parody... ...the movie lasted one second.
How many Freudians does it take to change a light bulb? Well one to screw in the bulb and other to holds the cock... father! LADDER!
Reddit is like sex A well-placed thumb makes all the difference
Whats the difference between three cocks and a joke..... your mom can't take a joke
Tiny penis jokes tend to come a little short
A girl calls up her mother and says, "Ma, I met this Greek guy, and I'm in love with him, and I'm gonna marry him." Her mother says, "All right. You wanna marry a Greek guy, that's fine with me. But whatever you do, don't let him flip you over." About six months after they're married, they're lying in bed one night and her husband says, "Honey, why don't you turn over?" She says, "Oh, no. My mother told me never to turn over." He says, "What, don't you wanna have any kids?"
Why do nerds masturbate with one hand? because they type with another...
There wasn't any toilet paper, so I had to use the weekly to wipe my buttocks. Sorry about the shitty news.
Why wasn't Hitler invited to the BBQ? Because he always burns the franks.
What do you get when you have two balls in your hand? A man's undivided attention!
Woman: Guys who can't make me orgasm really rub me the wrong way.
How does someone become a sex expert? They learn the ins and outs
Bill Gates woke up in the morning and found that his Mexican housekeepers were gone.  He asked his wife Melinda where they went, who replied that Steve Jobs showed up earlier and offered them the same work at his mansion for double their previous wage.    Bill became furious. "Fucking Jobs, coming here and taking our immigrants!"
Two assholes talking One says: hey, you wanna fart? The other says: sorry mate, I gotta run
I'm taking a course with a focus on muscle fatigue. I don't want to talk about it.   ...It's a sore subject. 
Why did Elton John and his wife never have sex? Because they were married.
Why did the Ethiopian cry when he opened up a read only document? It wasn't editable. 
I farted in an Apple Store Not my fault they don't have Windows 
What's Hitler's least favorite month? Jew-ly
Why don't woman make good gay men? Because they suck at packing shit.
My first time having sex was like my first time riding a bike, my dad was holding me from behind.﻿
I thought I'd never make a gay joke Butt fuck it.
A chinese father tells his 7 year old son he's adopted His son replies: it's ok daddy I learned this in school already! 2 wongs don't make a white. 
Types of sex in a marriage Newlyweds have kitchen sex: sex in the kitchen, on the floor, on the table, etc.. After a while, it becomes bedroom sex, grabbing a quickie when the kids are asleep. Later it becomes hallway sex, where you pass each other in the hallway and say "Fuck you". 
Farting Around A nun is traveling through an airport on her way home from a recent mission overseas. As she is moving through the terminal she comes across a fortune telling machine.   She decides to have her fortune told while she waits for her flight. She walks over to the machine, deposits the needed 25 cents, and out spits a fortune card. "Your name is Sister Nancy, you are 5'2", weight 155 lbs, and you are good at playing the fiddle."  Sister Nancy was rather confused as she had never played the fiddle a minute in her life. While she is walking over to a seat, she happens to notice a man with a fiddle case sitting down. She walks over to the man and says, "Pardon me sir, but might i have a moment to try out your fiddle?"  The man nods, and no sooner does she pick up the fiddle, she is able to start playing it without any difficulty.   Realizing the machine was right, she rushed over to have another fortune told. She deposits 25 cents, and another card spits out. "Your name is Sister Nancy, you are 5'2", weight 155 lbs, and you are about to break wind."  "Why I would never do such a thing!" Sister Nancy gasped out loud, since she was in a public space. But sure enough as she was walking back to her seat, Sister Nancy let one rip.   Completely shocked, she ran back to the machine, for one last fortune. 25 cents was deposited, and another fortune card was spat out. "Your name is Sister Nancy, you are 5'2", you weight 155 lbs, and you just Fiddle Farted around and missed your flight."
What's the difference between donald trump and hitler? Umm...  Ummm....
I like my slaves like i like my coffee Free   Because who would pay for a slave 
One time I went to my gf's house and she wasn't there. Her sister was there with sexy lingerie and she said "I feel something for you and I want to have sex with you", I was astonished and so I started heading to the car. Then my girlfriend appeared and said "I love you because you didn't cheat on me".  Morale of the story: always have the condoms in your car.
What does Uranus and a gay's anus have in common? Both have been probed, and further explorations have been proposed
Moral relativism is good ... sometimes.
What do you call a black man with no arms or legs? TRUSTWORTHY! ��
Why do watersport fetishists make a lot of jokes? Because they love to take the piss.
What's the Difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler? Michael Phelps can finish a race.
I like my coffee the same way I like my slaves.... Free. 
A Mexican, Asian, black, and white guy are traveling in a plane when suddenly one of the engines gives out. They agree they need to lighten the load in order to land safely.   The Mexican takes out a taco and says, "we have enough of these in our country" and throws it overboard.   The Asian takes a bag of rice and says "we have enough of these in our country" and throws it overboard.   The white guy picks up the black guy and throws him overboard.
What did the bread say when it was about have an orgasm? (NSFW) What did the bread say when it was about to have an orgasm?  "I'm Crumbing"
What is a gingerbread woman's favorite thing to wear for a porn film? CumDrop Buttons
[NSFW] Why do adults call catholic pastors father? Because they already get called "daddy" by little boys.  I'm. So. Sorry...
What's the worst thing about breaking up with a Japanese girl You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets it
Your mama is so fat... If she falls she drops harder than Skrilex...
Whats the difference between a bug and your mothers vagina? Bear Grylls would eat that bug.
A a jew, and a gypsy, and a black man...  A a jew, and a gypsy, and a black man jump from a ledge.  Who wins?  Society. 
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob? We better get some support soon or people will think we're nuts
My girlfriend called me a pedophile I told her that's a big word for a 7 year old
Little Johnny and the pussy flavored Ice Cream... Little Johnny walks into a ice cream shop and asks the clerk what kind of flavors she's got.   She tells him they've got everything, chocolate, strawberry, sherbet, rocky road, anything he wants.   The boys takes a long pause and asks if she has any pussy flavored ice cream. She smirks and says "Yes! Why in fact we do!"   Having never tasted pussy, he orders an extra large cone with a huge grin.  She piles it up high, and tells the boy to enjoy with a wink. He then takes a BIG lick, starting from the bottom and going all the way to the tippy-top.   He spits it up and says "Gross! This tastes like shit!"  The clerk just shook her head and said "No... you just took took long of a lick"
TIFU by getting a penis extension Now my house looks fucking ridiculous.
what is the difference between conservatives and a bucket of shit? The Bucket.
3 Chinese mens Name Chu,Bu and Fu went to America illegally  They decided to change their names to sound American  Chu change his name to Chuck,Bu change his name to Buck and Fu got sent back to China
A girl is at her father's funeral... She meets a really cute guy. They talk, hit it off, but he leaves before she can get his number. The girl doesn't know how to track the guy down.  So a week later, she killes her mom.
What does an obese white woman have in common with a brick? Eventually, they're both getting laid by a Mexican.
A woman was very distraught at the fact that she had not had a date or any sex in quite some time... A woman was very distraught at the fact that she had not had a date or any sex in quite some time.  She was afraid she might have something wrong with her, so she decided to seek the medical expertise of a sex therapist.  Her doctor recommended that she see the well known Chinese sex therapist, Dr. Chang, so she went to see him.  Upon entering the examination room, Dr. Chang said, "OK, take off all your crose."  The woman did as she was told.  "Now, get down and craw reery, reery fass to odderside of room."   Again, the woman did as she was instructed.  Dr. Chang then said, "OK, now craw reery, reery fass back to me.", so she did.  Dr.Chang shook his head slowly and said, "Your probrem vewy bad. You haf Ed Zachary Disease. Worse case I ever see. Dat why you not haf sex or dates."  Worried, the woman asked anxiously, "Oh my God, Dr. Chang, what is Ed Zachary Disease?"  Dr. Chang sighed deeply, and replied, "Ed Zachary Disease is when your face look ed zachary like your ass!"  
[Long] At the dinner table a boy asks his father... "Dad, what's the difference between potentially and actually??"  "Well son, let me give you an example..."  He turns to his wife and asks, "would you sleep with a stranger for a million dollars?"  She chuckles and says, "well for a million, I suppose I would."  The father then turns to his daughter and asks if she would do the same. She agrees that she probably would too.  "You see son, potentially we're millionaires, but actually we live with a pair of whores."
I asked a Southeast-Asian-looking elderly gentleman if he was from Thailand. He said, "Yeah, Siam."
A man goes into a shop and says can I have a condom this big? A man goes into a shop and says "can I have some condoms this big?"  The shopkeeper says "that small?! That would only fit a mouse"  He replies "I know, my house is full of them"
A kid'a parents didn't want him to learn bad words... *English isn't my first language so tell me if there are any mistakes*  So one day the father was taking the kid to the mall for a haircut, they walk out the door and the father suddenly remembers he forgot his keys.   He forgets him and his SO's idea and says "Shit! I forgot my keys" the kid is surprised by this word and asks for its meaning the father replies "uhhh, it means doormat, Yeah! Doormat like this one." He pointed at the Doormat next to their house's entrance, afterwards the father got his keys and they were on the road.  While they were driving the father drove faster than the speed limit by a few kph, he hears sirens, looks behind and sees a Cop telling him to pull over. The man tries to reason with the Cop, but he's not having none of it and gives him a ticket. The father mutters "Bastard!" Under his breath, and the son promptly asks what that word means the father thinks up something quickly, and nervously replies "It uhh, means Police officer.."   After the kid had gotten his haircut, and is driven home by his father, he goes to see what his mom's cooking in the kitchen.  He walks into his mother cutting some chicken breasts, and surprised her by yelling out "Hi mom!" She jumps up and cuts her finger while shouting "Oh F*ck" multiple times, and as usual the kid asks what that word means, his mother says "It means cutting, Yeah cutting..." the kid gladly takes that answer and leaves his mother, because she seems busy bleeding out...  He sees his dad start to shave his beard, and he seems really focused on the task at hand. So naturally, the kid screams "Hi Dad!" As loud as he could, causing his father to ruin his perfect goatee. The father engulfed with anguish says "Oh balls! It's ruined." The kid asks what that means, and his father let's out a sigh, probably asking himself why he's doing this in the first place, he responds "Ohh, balls? It means beard.." the son is sorta unsure about it, but takes it as middle aged man slang...  While both parents are busy with their predicaments, someone knocks on their door. The kid answers and it's the Cop from earlier, so he proceeded to greet him, "Hey, bastard! Wipe you feet on shit." The Cop is taken back by this but decides to just ignore the kid, since he probably doesn't know what he's talking about. He asks "Hey kid, are any of your parents here?" The kid replies "Yeah, my mom is f*cking the chicken, and my father is shaving his balls..."
A rich cattle farmer started a cow-themed airline named "Dairy Air" Nobody would buy tickets because they thought his company was ass.
When is a pedofiles favorite part of a hockey game? Before first period
Did you hear about the gay security guard who got fired from his job at the sperm bank? He got caught drinking on the job.
What did one boob say to the other boob? Hey man, if we don't get some support soon they're gonna think we're nuts! 
Have you heard about the Indonesian sex toy that was mistaken for an angel? It really was holy.
"A very small asian man and a very large black man walk into a bar, each with an armful of apples." "A very small asian man and a very large black man walk int-"   "Wait, why are you saying the beginning of the joke again?"  "Oh, I just copy/pasted it from the internet and was too lazy to cut out the first part"  The listener promptly pulls out his gun, takes aim, and says:   "Well leave it out next time god dammit!!"   And empties the clip into his stupid f*cking head.
My safety supervisor asked me why I wasn't done filing the hazardous material documents... I told him I was doing asbestos I can
I don't find Nazi jokes funny. My grandpa died in a concentration camp... He fell off a watch tower. 
Why do entomologists love religious fat guys? Because they have Praying Mantits
A man walks onto a bus full of asian people dressed as skeletons and asks: I'm trying to get to manchester, is this the wight bus or the wong bus? 
What do you call it when George Thorogood farts on a throne? Air to the bone
I was scraping a window at my Grandma's house.... I then thought up a joke for my mom to hear it was "This window scraping stuff is a pane in the glass!" She laughed :)
A little girl is chatting with her mom and says "Mom I saw my friend's wiener and it is like a peanut" "Why honey, because it is small?" "No, because it's salty"
Did you know Kim Jong Un has a pet name for his penis? He named it: **John Cena**
What do the Chinese call their spies? Secret Asians.
Holy shit there's a spider under my keyboard I think it's under control
Infatuation prick is the answer, what is the question? How do you want your wontons cooked?
A father put his 3 year old daughter to bed A Father put his 3 year old daughter to bed, told her a story and listened to her prayers which ended by saying, "God bless Mommy, God bless Daddy, God bless Grandma and good-bye Grandpa."  The father asked, 'Why did you say good-bye Grandpa?'  The little girl said, "I don't know daddy, it just seemed like the thing to do."  The next day grandpa died. The father thought it was a strange coincidence.  A few months later the father put the girl to bed and listened to her prayers which went like this, "God bless Mommy, God Bless Daddy and good-bye Grandma."  The next day the grandmother died.  "Holy crap" thought the father, "this kid is in contact with the other side."  Several weeks later when the girl was going to bed the dad heard her say, "God bless Mommy and good-bye Daddy."  He practically went into shock. He couldn't sleep all night and got up at the crack of dawn to go to his office.  He was nervous as a cat all day, had lunch and watched the clock.. He figured if he could get by until midnight he would be okay. He felt safe in the office, so instead of going home at the end of the day he stayed there, drinking coffee, looking at his watch and jumping at every sound. Finally midnight arrived; he breathed a sigh of relief and went home.  When he got home his wife said, "I've never seen you work so late. What's the matter?"  He said, "I don't want to talk about it, I've just spent the worst day of my life."  She said, "You think you had a bad day, you'll never believe what happened to me. This morning my boss died in the middle of a meeting.."
What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snowballs
I decided to come to my friends as transparent they saw right through me.
My mum says I need to get rid of my blow up sex doll. I don't want to let her down.
The other day i walked in on my grandmother sucking my grandfather's dick. I just find it weird why it wasn't cremated with the rest of him.
What do you call a gay club in the 70's? Phallic! at the Disco
I used to pee my pants every time i stood in front of my 3rd grade class it cost me my teaching career.
What do you get when you cross a Jew with a Chinese person? Cha-Ching
One time I got so drunk that I tried to have sex with a bird. I really egret that decision.
What do you call an annoying Chinese chef? A Woky Talky
What did the Nazi doctor tell his fully dilated patient.? Just one more putsch. 
ShittyJokeExplainBot walked into a bar. He didn't order anything.  Wait for it...
Why do black people have big nostrils? Because air is free
Bridge is like sex. If you don't have a partner you better have a good hand
Which rappers had a flow that could simultaneously speed up and slow down at the same time? MC Escher 
A japanese man was shouting jokes to his airplane window. When he noticed he wasn't getting laughs he thought... hm... tough cloud
As a fat guy I never really have more pep in my step... But I do occasionally get a little more throttle in my waddle.
I recently had sex with a biologist at her laboratory. I don't like to brag, but she had multiple organisms.
What's the difference between an egg and a wank? You can beat an egg. 
I have daily sex Sorry, I mean, dyslexia.
Donald Trump has learned the secret to transform a bunch of fruits into vegetables... He ran over a bunch of gays with his car, and flattened their heads like pancakes.  They are now mental vegetables on life support.
Why didn't Hitler participate in the marathon? ... Because he can't finish a race.
How do moms from West Virginia know when their daughters start their period? Their son's dick starts tasting like blood
What was the boa constrictor's best subject? Hiss-tory. 
Three friends are in a bar talking about their dicks The first guy said, "My dick's like a lion, big and strong!"  "Yeah sure, but mine's like a giraffe, big and long," said the second guy.  The third guy came up and said, "Oh yeah? Talk about mine, it's like a mouse!"  The other guys laughed and said, "It's as small as a mouse?"  The third guy replied, "No, it's always chased by pussies."
In Washington, D.C. there is a street - K Street - known to be the location where most of the lobbying firms and lobbyists are located and work. Why is it called "K Street"? Because it's the only single, repeatable letter able to approximate the sound of fellatio. &lt;KkkkKkkkkkkKkkkKKKkkkKKKKKKkkk&gt;
What did the bathtub say to the toilet? I get a lot of ass but I don't take no shit
I once licked a pig's birth canal... **dirty** It tasted like bacon, only better.
There's a boy-band fan club whose members are all gay called the Hopeful Rooks. Eventually they want to be able to move back and forth in One Direction as much as they want.
How can you tell if your dog is gay? If he's sucking another dogs dick in the back of a gay dog night club.
I asked a Chinese girl for her number She said, "Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!" I said, "Wow!" Then her friend said, "She means 666-3629”
A Chinese man and a Jew are having a conversation. All of a sudden the Jew punches the Chinese man.  "What was that for?" said the Chinese man.  "Pearl Harbor," said the Jew.  "That was the Japanese!"  "Japanese, Chinese, what's the difference?"  So they continue on their conversation when the Chinese man kung-fu's the living shit out of the Jew.  "What was that for?" said the Jew.  "The sinking of the *Titanic!*" said the Chinese man.  "That was an iceberg!"  "Iceberg, Goldberg, what's the difference?"
How do you know Axe was invented by black people? If it was white people who invented it, it would be called Ask.
How to seduce a fat person? How to seduce a fat person?  Piece of cake
When having sex with a women and you call her baby. No one bats an eye. But when you say that to a little girl, everyone loses their mind!
What's the difference between the holocaust and killing 5 black men? 5,999,997
Why didn't the Marshmallow Peep cross the road on Easter? Because it was a little chicken.
My father wants me to treat him like a king So I stabbed him while he was sleeping. The succession line has to go on, dad. 
On his first day, my gay friend lost his job at the sperm bank. He was caught drinking on the job. 
Apparently I watch too much internet porn.... At least that's what my ebony girlfriend says.
I don't have sex with my sister because it's unacceptable and gross. I have sex with her because it's kinky. 
Why did the Chinese man fall down the stairs? He was shot in the face.
I was offered sex with a 21 year old girl today. In exchange, I was supposed to advertise some kind of bathroom cleaner. Of course I declined, because I am a person with high moral standards and strong willpower. Just as strong as Ajax, the super strong bathroom cleaner.
Trump had sex with Clinton!! A huge scandal rocked the Clinton campaign today when Bill Clinton announced that he did in fact have sexual relations with Trump in the past after Donald grabbed Clinton by the pussy. Clinton credits Trump for convincing him to loose weight after calling him a fat whore.
Did you hear about the guy who got a boner during a wine tasting? It turned out it was only a semillon
Whats the worst part about dumping a Japanese girl? Having to drop the bomb on them twice before they get it.
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a light bulb? Just Juan.
Your momma so fat She can't fit inside a whale's penis.
Why did the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong socks this morning    *Edit: Not my joke but haven't seen it here and thought it was funny :)*
A poll was taken by 2,000 prostitutes asking if they would have sex with Ted Cruz. 91% said ‘Never Again”. 
The Japanese have two words for dog One is as a pet, the other is as a meal
Two people were kissing. After the kiss the guy says " thanks for the bubblegum" And the girl says " oops!!! I have cough"
If you were transported right now to Mars you should be able to jump 62.5% higher... [anti-joke] But you can't because you would be dead. No spacesuit = not alive.
What do doctors do with the foreskins from circumcisions? Sell them to gay guys as chewing gum.
What's the difference between an egg and a wank? You can beat an egg...
What do characters at Disney World and strippers have in common? No touching!
What's the difference between sex every day, and a tire? One is a good year, the other is a GREAT year
Take the condom off She: Don't use condom, take it off Me: why She: coz YOLO Me: what's that? She: you only live once Me: in that case if you get pregnant, YOYO She: what's that? Me: you're on your own
A blowjob will make your day But dry anal will make your hole weak. 
An asian kid ask his mom: "Mom, can I ask you a question?" His mom reply: "You just did. Now go study!"
An Korean sees a gay Yu-Gi-Oh player And says " you.... Gay ... Oh!"
I can dig graves my entire life and nobody calls me a landscaper, but i suck one dick! And they call me gay for life!
A state trooper flashes his lights and pulls over a speeding driver. The nervous speeder, who swore he hadn't been driving that fast, says to himself, "This has to be some sort of bad joke." The trooper opens the door of his cruiser and steps onto the highway... The speeder was right. It was a cop-out.
Tits are like Lego bricks. They're there for the kid, but dad ends up playing with them.
If a user posts Nazi-related offensive content and a German moderator sees it, what happens to the user? He gets banschlussed.
Did you hear about the gay midget? he just came out of the cabinet.
An Englishman, an Irishman, a Scotsman, a priest, a rabbi and Adolf Hitler walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
I electrified a clickbait journalist's toilet. Number 2 will shock them.
Sex is like pizza... If I don't arrive in 30 minutes it's free  I always get mine with extra cheese  It's just as good after they go cold  I can take 12 inches  It's better with extra sausage   Alternative punchlines are most welcome in the comments
I once farted in an Apple Store... I once farted in an Apple Store. They got mad at me and I said it's your fault, you don't have windows﻿ 
America's economy must really be in the toilet... The new $20 bill is only gonna be worth about $16
What's the best part about having sex with twenty eight year olds? There's twenty of them
Why do women close their eyes during sex? They hate to see men have a good time. 
Hi, my name is Kate. I am 12 and I am still a virgin... does that mean my dad is gay?
Did you hear about the dyslexic, homosexual rooster? Dude'll do a cock!
My friend wrote a philosophical paper about his girlfriends vagina. It was pretty deep
Your mums so fat The back of her neck looks like a slab of sausages.
How is a woman like a condom? Both of them spend more time in your wallet than on your d*ck. 
Biting Boobies.... An old man is walking down the street when he sees a beautiful brunette walk by with a truly gigantic set of knockers. He turns around and catches up to the woman and says to her: "I'll give you $100 to let me bite your boobs" "Get away from me you perv!" she shouts back and continues walking. The old man catches up to her again and says: "I'll give you $1,000 to bite your boobs" "I said no!" she replies and walks away. The old man catches up to her again and says: "I'll give you $10,000 to bite your boobs. The lady thinks about it for a bit and decides that $10,000 dollars is a lot of money so she might as well do it. So she flips up her shirt and removes her bra. The old man begins touching and feeling and squishing the boobs in his hands. After a while the lady says: "Well are you gonna bite them?" The old man replies: "Nah, too expensive."
Why is dangerous to have sex in canada eh'ds everywhere
A man was cleaning out the basement of the house his grandfather left him... ...when he came across an old metal oil lamp. The man starts wiping it off with his shirt when two genies emerge from the lamp.  "Holy shit!" the guy exclaims.  "We are the genies of the lamp. We have been stuck inside that lamp for decades, and you have freed us. We will grant you three wishes!" the first genie proclaims.  The man thinks. "OK, first I want ten million dollars in my bank account, and I want it legal! No crimes or anything."  The second genie claps his hands. "IT IS DONE!" He looks at the man. "Your second wish?"  "I want my garage and driveway to be full of expensive cars. Nothing worth less than $500,000!" the man says.  "Done!" says the first genie, clapping his hands together. "And for your final wish?"  The man turns red. "Listen, uh...this is going to be a bit embarrassing so can I just whisper it to you?" he asks the second genie.  "Of course," the second genie replies.  The man leans over and whispers his final wish to the second genie. The second genie motions for the other genie to follow him and they both walk out of the basement.  A minute later, a group of men in white robes bursts into the basement and grabs the man who had made the wishes. The man struggled against them, but the men tied him up, tied a rope around his neck, and pulled him up by the rafters until he was dead.  After a few minutes, two of the robed men remove their hoods and look at each other. It's the two genies. "I can understand the wish for the money and the wish for luxury cars," the second genie said, "but why the fuck did he want to be hung like a black man?"
All my life I have tried to live by my father's last words... Allahu Akbar!
What's the difference between jello and a dead hooker? Jello wiggles when you eat it.
What did one gay man say to another gay man at the bar? May I push in your stool
What's the difference between a brown noser and a shithead? Depth perception
Never trust an asshole. They're often full of shit.  ^^^Sorry
What did the feminist say when someone talked shit about their favorite SNES game? YOUR CHRONO TRIGGERER ME...FUCK YOU THIS IS A FUNNY JOKEFUCKYOUIJUSTWANTYOUTOLOVEMEFUCKYOU
My mate told me that if I wanted to avoid the conductor when you haven't got a train ticket, you should hide in the toilet. Great advice. I just missed my fucking train.
You should never have sex with anyone in your family... Even if they inceest.
Stupid Father A guy goes to the supermarket and notices an attractive woman waving at him. She says hello. He’s rather taken aback because he can’t place where he knows her from. So he says, "Do you know me?" To which she replies, "I think you’re the father of one of my kids." Now his mind travels back to the only time he has ever been unfaithful to his wife and says, "My God, are you the stripper from my bachelor party that I made love to on the pool table with all my buddies watching while your partner whipped my butt with wet celery?" She looks into his eyes and says calmly, "No, I’m your son’s teacher."
My grandfather could never throw anything away... That's why he died in the war holding a hand grenade 
I think my baby might be gay He cries when I take the pacifier out of his butt
What do ducks do in the toilet? Quap.
I saved a girl from being raped last night I stopped chasing her.
Proctologists are like asstronauts... ...and their on a mission to ur-anus
Hitler Joke One day, Adolf Hitler was just hanging out in Germany after he became leader. He became thirsty and asked his servant, "will you please fetch me a glass of juice?". "Of course, sir", the servant replied  A few minutes passed and Hitler still didn't receive his juice. He calls for his servant and says, "where is my juice?". "Gassing them as we speak", replied the servant. "What are you talking about?", replied Hitler curiously. "All the Jews, gone", stated the servant. Hitler becomes scared and yells "I SAID A GLASS OF JUICE NOT GAS THE JEWS!". "Oops..."
Chinese torture number one... A man wakes up in his top floor apartment and finds a small rock on his chest with a small note attached, it reads 'Chinese torture number one - rock on chest'.  Thinking nothing of it the man crosses to his window and throws the rock out of it, before noticing a small note on his outside window ledge, 'Chinese torture number two - rock tied to left testicle'.  The man launches himself out of the window after the falling rock, instantly deciding that falling to his death is better than the alternative.   As the man plummets towards the ground, he sees a large message painted on the rapidly approaching road, 'Chinese torture number three - right testicle tied to bedpost'.
Why is safe sex a dumb idea? Because coat hangers are cheaper than condoms.
I pity asexuals Must suck to have to reproduce by budding.
I like my coffee how I like my slaves... Free.
How Do You Make a Gay Fuck a Woman Shit in her cunt.
A father was listening in on his daughter's nightly prayers He stands with his ear to the door and hears her begin. "Dear Lord, thank you for Mommy, thank you for Daddy, thank you for Grandma, Bye bye Grandpa!" Huh? Weird. He doesn't think much about it and goes to bed. The next morning grandpa is dead in the living room.  So he listens at her door that night, for surely this is just a coincidence.  "Dear Lord, thank you for Mommy, thank you for Daddy, bye bye Grandma!" Ok, he's gotta admit , it's a little odd. But besides a few spooky trains of thought he manages to get to sleep.  The next morning grandma is dead in her room. Coincidence? Looking less likely, and he's next on the list! Sure enough , he doesn't like what he hears that night.  "Dear Lord, thank you for Mommy, bye bye daddy!" He starts freaking out. He rushes to the emergency room only to be sent away with nothing but looks of confusion by the staff. He decides that maybe he can beat it if he just doesn't go to sleep.  So he stays up all night, worrying and inspecting himself, until it's time to go to work. He gets ready, exhausted, and goes to work, but as soon as he gets there his phone rings. It's his wife, saying "Honey you have to get home RIGHT NOW! The mailman is dead on the porch! 
Feminazis love Game of Thrones........ Cause all men must die 
Why is our poo tapered on the end? So our asshole doesn't slam shut.
Why do Asian parents never have a white baby? Cause two Wongs don't make a white
Yo mama's so fat, she couldn't cross the road in time... ...so she went to the "other side".
What's the difference between a pre-pickled pickle and an ice tray full of semen? One of them is a cucumber and the other is a cumcuber.
What do you call an alligator performing homosexual acts? An alligaytor
How do Asians execute white people? They cut off their heads using a Gweilotine.
A Lumber Jack walks into a gay bar... It is the only bar in the small town. So the Lumber Jack figured, after a long week of work, it was going to have to do.  He walks up to the bartender and asks;  "Could I get a nice hearty lagger?"  The bartender gives a little smirk and replies;  "Certainly. Bottom or top?"  Lumber jack says;  "Tap, please."  Bartender smiles, gives a whistle, and yells;  "Jonny Logger! You're up!"  Lumber Jack looks a little worried, so the bartender reassures him;  "Don't worry, he is the best woodworker I know. And he usually does best on top. He can fell the strongest wood, and doesn't mind it getting messy or dirty."  Lumber Jack high tails it out of there.    Edit: Accents  Top- Tap  Bottom- Bottle  Lager- Logger  Initial sentence is just filler since I came up with it on a whim.  Sorry to post a joke without a description. Thought bottom/top would be easy enough to accent into bottle/tap.
I ate loads of glitter, to see what would happen It was pretty shit.
A deer walks out of a gay bar "Damn I can't believe I just blew 50 bucks!"
My wife told me: ‘Sex is better on holiday.’ That wasn’t a very nice postcard to receive
Father's day is coming up in the UK... ...I better go find one
A bartender is working the bar one night when... ...a homeless man runs inside the bar demanding, "Gimme a toothpick!"      The bartender shrugs and gives the guy a toothpick. The homeless man runs back outside.      Not ten seconds later another homeless man runs into the bar demanding, "Gimme a toothpick!"      The bartender gives him a toothpick. The homeless man runs back outside.      Five seconds later another homeless man runs inside and demands, "Gimme a straw!"      The bartender, curious, asks, "Why'd the first two guys ask for toothpicks but you want a straw?"      "Because," the homeless informs him, "some guy puked on the sidewalk, but all the big chunks are gone!"
Why are there so many unsolved murders in West Virginia? Because nobody has any teeth and they all have the same DNA. 
For every upvote this gets, my girlfriend and I will try one thrust of anal sex. Please don't upvote. Her strap-on is huge. 
[Dirty] Which sex position creates the ugliest children? Ask my mother.
Growing up, I knew I wanted to transition when I noticed girls start to develop; but my dad would always say "my house, my electricity, my food, so my rules..." Well now that I've moved out I've come out, I've filled out, and I finally feel like I belong here as a loud, proud, transfat American!
I know the basics of sex... You could say I know the ins and outs.
African Penis Growth Technique. A couple was watching a documentary about an African tribe. They learned that when   each male member of this particular tribe reaches a certain age, he has a string with a   weight attached to it tied around his penis. After a while the weight stretches the penis  until it's 20 inches long.  Later that evening, as the man was getting out of the shower, his wife said, "let's try the African string and weight technique honey". The husband agreed, and they tied a string with a weight to his penis. A few days later the wife asked, "how is our little experiment coming along?" The husband replied "Well, it looks like we're about halfway there". The wife impressed and said, "you mean it's already grown to 10 inches?" "No" the husband replied. "It's turning black".
Do you think Hitler got his inspiration from Hansel and Gretel? They did shove a long nosed witch into an oven.
Why does the divorced guy keep a tampon on the top of his tv set? To remind him of the cunt that has his DVD player.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather. Not screaming in panic like everyone else in the car.
What did the stripper say to the father figure? "Well you don't look very familiar..."
What sea mammal controls Nazi Germany? Adolf-in
What do you get when someone steals a transformrer? Grand Theft Autobot.
What's a Japanese glam rock star's favourite cereal? Visual K
I tried to give myself a sex change... but I couldn't really pull it off.
If I wanted to seduce my mom with fruit... ...should I send her an Oedipal Arrangement?
I Like my slaves like I like my coffee: Free
My wife asked if I ever think about someone else during sex... "Nope, just myself."
What do you call an edited series of MILF videos? A Momtage
The start of a child porno Little girl: Uncle, how are babies made?  Uncle: Take your clothes off, I'll show you.
I asked my girlfriend if i could fuck her between the tits She said " How are you gonna make that feel good for me?"   I said " right before i come i´ll stop punching you in the face " 
And now I remember why I don't trust toilets at service stations..... ....they're usually full of shit.
Fat jokes aside, let's not forget fat people have feelings too Hunger
What's Hitler's favorite letter? I don't know, but certainly not Z.
An obese man just escaped from prison... He's currently at extra large.
I don't know why people are always giving trans fats a hard time... I mean, I think they should be allowed to use whichever bathroom they fit in.
What does a transgender person call their sibling? little cis
Where do porn actresses wait for their turn in a baseball themed orgy? The on-dick circle of course.
How do black people say their vowels? Aye E, I owe you...
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and an anal thermometer? The taste.
What did the man with five penises say after putting on a condom. It fits like a glove!
My wife says I think of her as a sex object... I can't disagree though because everytime I ask for sex... She objects. 
What did the gay atheist shout after Noah threw him off the ark for being a gay atheist? Help! I'm thinking!
What do you call a Subreddit I had no idea I was subscribed to but clicked anyway because I thought it was r/shitposting? This subreddit!
If I had a dollar every time someone called me sexist... I'd have enough money to sponsor the repealing of the 19th Amendment.
A woman goes to confession, tells the priest she has deviant sexual thoughts... She says she cant help these sexual thoughts and doesnt know what to do. It has gotten so bad she even stopped wearing panties. The priest says, "ok my child. I want you to do 10 hail marys 5 our fathers and 43 cartwheels." 
One day in Soviet Russia, an officer is ordered to give a ticket to anyone speeding Mikhail Gorbachev comes driving into Russia after a meeting in belgrade, he is with his chauffeur and must get to the Kremlin as fast as possible. He tells his chauffeur to get to the back and that he will drive. As Gorbachev is speeding, the officer sees the speeding car and pulls him over. At the end of the day he is asked why he didn't give a ticket to that speeding car. The officer replies with, "I couldn't recognize who was in the back seat but Gorbachev was his chauffeur."
A boy and his grandfather are fishing The grandfather pulls out a flask and takes a swig. His grandson asks "Can I have a sip?" "Can your dick touch your asshole?" replies the old man.  "No" says the boy.  "Then you're too young for whiskey" A little while passes and the grandfather pulls out a cigarette and lights up.  "Can I try one?" the boy asks.  "Can your dick touch your asshole?" the grandfather asks again. "No" the boy says "Then you're too young for tobacco" Dejected the little boy reaches into his pocket and pulls out a bag of M&amp;Ms to snack on. The grandfather notices and says "Can I have some?" "Can your dick touch your asshole?" the boy asks "Yes" the old man says smiling  The little boy smiles back and says "Then go fuck yourself because you're not getting any of my M&amp;Ms"
What is the worst thing a girl can do during sex? Wake up.
There are lots of reasons to hate the Nazis. Mine? They didn't finish the job.
What is Hodor's name in the porn version of Game of Thrones? Sock
Why won't people let Hitler go to the Bar-BQ? He'll just burn the Frank's!
Two guys are walking down the street and see a dog on the lawn, licking his balls... Two guys are walking down the street and see a dog on the lawn, licking his balls.   One guy says to the other, "Man, I sure wish I could do that".   The other guy says, "Don't you think you ought to pet him first?"
My doctor asked for a blood, urine, faeces and semen sample so I said "Here, just take my underwear!" Sorry, I stole that joke. From Madeleine McCann.
Did you hear about the gay turtle? Finally came out of it's shell. 
A Japanese man on holiday in the USA Goes into a bank and asks the teller/cashier to change 1000 yen into dollars. The teller/cashier gives him 90 dollars. Next day the Japanese man returns to the same bank goes to the same teller/cashier and asks to change 1000 yen into dollars. This time he receives 85 dollars. What's this says the Japanese man, yesterday I get 90$  today 85$. Fluctuations replies the teller/cashier. Well, fluck you amelicans too, exclaims the Japanese man.
What's the difference between you and a bag of shit? You're not in a bag.
What's the difference between a blimp and 1,000 blowjobs? One was a Good Year and one was a great year
What's a black man's favorite type of grape Gangrape
Humans first started practicing circumcision over 15,000 years ago. There were a lot less complaints once they mastered it.
I was going to tell a gay joke But fuck it
A Black guy and an Asian guy are standing next to a pond. A Black guy and an Asian guy are standing next to a pond. The Asian guy says, "This pond is Magical, if you skip a stone across it, you will hear the names of your ancestors." So the Asian guy picks up a stone and skips it, the stone makes a sound with each splash, "CHING-CHANG-CHONG." The black guy goes, "Wow thats amazing, let me try." He picks up a rock and skips it. "A-RANG-A-TANG!" He gets angry and says, "Wtf?!" and grabs another stone. Skips this one and hears, "CHIMP-AN-ZEE!" Now he is quite upset, "Aww hell naw," he grabs a large boulder with both hands and lifts it above his head, then slams it into the pond, "BA-BOON!"
Yo momma so fat The U.N sends her a strongly worded letter for occupying too much space.
What sex position gives birth to the ugliest children? Ask your parents.
What's the best part of having sex with twenty four year olds? There's twenty of them.
American Fat Man Falls... ...Levels Japanese City.
My Grandfathers story My Grandfather told me a story today from many years ago.  He said he and my grandmother were driving down a long and dusty back road, sun beating down on a hot summers day.  When all of a sudden, they  see an elderly lady walking a long the back road. Puzzled, my Grandfather pulls over to see if she's alright.  'Excuse me ma'am, are you ok' my grandfather asks.  'I'm fine sonny, I just got a little lost walking to the shops' she replies.  'Well you're going in the complete wrong direction, the shops are about 10 miles here. It's a long way to walk for yourself and that heavy suitcase, how about we give you a lift?' He queries.  She agrees and gets into their car clutching her suitcase.  She and my Grandmother exchange pleasantries and begin chatting.  They talk about all manner of things, knitting, church, their grandchildren. Anything that comes to mind.  My Grandmother being the curious type that she is, noticed that the elderly woman was holding her suitcase very tightly.  'If you don't mind me asking, what's in the suitcase?' My Grandmother asked.  'I do mind you cunt. It's none of your fucking business' she snaps.  Grandpa said he and Grandma were taken aback by her comment, but she was old and she may have dementia or something similar. They decide to leave it alone and not confront her.  After a few miles of awkward silence my Grandfather decides to chirp up.  'So, you have a favourite football team?' He cautiously asked.  'Why yes I do sonny, I'm a 49ers fan through and through. How about you darling?' She sweetly surprised.  My Grandparents were amazed at her turn around, she was a sweet old lady again.  The elderly lady and my Grandfather talk football for miles.  Her love of Jerry Rice, his love of the Cowboys; they actually had a lot in common.  He being the smart arse that he is decided to try his luck.  'Hey uh, what's in the suitcase?' He queried.  'I already told you dumb dog fuckers, nothing. If you ask me again I'll rip your  eyeballs out and shit down your eye sockets. It's none of your fucking business' she snapped once again.  Realising something was wrong, my grandparents realised they needed to get rid of this woman.  'Excuse me sir, I really need to go to the bathroom. Would you mind pulling over?' The elderly lady asked.  A prime opportunity.  As the elderly woman exits the car my grandfather drives off like a lunatic, speeding and swerving all over the road.  My Grandmother looks over where the old woman was sitting to see  she had left her suitcase in the car.  'Wow' I said to my Grandfather 'That's crazy' I continued.  'I know, craziest day of my life' he replied.  'So what was in the suitcase?' I asked.  'None of your fucking business' he replied.
How do dogs enjoy sex? They like it ruff.
A mom called on her son Jimmy, who is furiously fapping in his room: "Come down, honey! It's time for dinner"  Jimmy replies: "I'm coming, mom!"
Jeremy Beadle has a tiny penis... Jeremy Beadle has a tiny penis, but on the other hand, it's massive.
Erdogan smells like cat piss. People who say that are immature, rude and uninformed. The right way would be to fund the study, investigate and confirm that the great leader of Turkey smells nothing like cat piss. Again, I'm not saying that Erdogan smells like cat urine, but rather in coming to his defense, I suggest a research committee that can uphold the name of Erdogan and all the smell associated with it. 
Why couldn't the homosexual Irishman with an oral fixation order at the restaurant? He only spoke gaelic
How many freudian psychologists does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two.  One two scre&amp;mdash;**twist**  I said **twist** in the bulb and one to hold the peni&amp;mdash;**ladder!**  it's a **ladder**
I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She replied, "Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!"  I said, "Wow!" Then her friend said, "She means 6663629."
The Chinese recently made a scientific discovery. They discovered a louse so small that it lives on the back of the common housefly.  It's a remarkable discovery, but it's gone completely unnoticed because nobody thinks it odd that the Chinese are raving about their fly lice.
Having sex on when your so is on her period isn't funny. You guys are just bloody dickheads.
A bodybuilder asks a doctor for a pill that will enhance his muscles and increase the size of his penis and tan his skin Here, I'll prescribe you some testostyrone
The doctors tested a man to see if he was gay. He passed with flying colors.
Gay men are so mean. They're all fucking assholes.
Forgive me Father for I have sinned Girl: "Forgive me father for I have sinned."  Priest: "What have you done my child?"  Girl: "I called a man a son of a bitch."  Priest: "Why did you call him a son of a bitch?"  Girl: "Because he touched my hand."  Priest: "Like this?" (as he touches her hand)  Girl: "Yes father."  Priest: "That's no reason to call a man a son of a bitch."  Girl: "Then he touched my breast."  Priest: "Like this?" (as he touched her breast)  Girl: "Yes father."  Priest: "That's no reason to call him a son of a bitch."  Girl: "Then he took off my clothes, father."  Priest: "Like this?" (as he takes off her clothes)  Girl: "Yes father."  Priest: "That's no reason to call him a son of a bitch."  Girl: "Then he stuck his you know what into my you know where."  Priest: "Like this?" (as he stuck his you know what into her you know where)  Girl: "YES FATHER, YES FATHER, YES FATHER!!!"  Priest: (after a few minutes): "That's no reason to call him a son of a bitch."  Girl: "But father he had AIDS!"  Priest: "THAT SON OF A BITCH!!!"
What did the man say when he stopped piggybacking his fat friend? "Man, it feels like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders!"
Why is birth control required for grammatical sex? Otherwise, it won't end with a period.
I accidentally pooped my pants in the elevator. Now I'm taking this shit to the next level. 
What's the difference between a blowjob and anal sex? One makes your day and the other makes your hole weak.
Yo momma is so fat Yo momma is so fat that when she went to the beach a whale swam up and sang, "We are family, even though you're fatter than me." 
Why was I sentenced to 1 year in prison with 6 months probation after killing a nigger? On charges of impersonating a police officer.
[NSFW] What goes between boobs, and gets longer the more you pull on it? A seatbelt
Lifetime supply of condoms I was walking down the street when suddenly a guy with a big box walks up to me.  He says "Guess what? I just won a tournament and won a lifetime supply of condoms, and I have this big box to prove it! Look inside!"  I open the box became confused. " It's empty," I say.  He replies "it was a League of Legends tournament."
As a straight male, there has always been something about the gay community that blows my mind. They give the best fucking head! 
If a single stick is called a "fag", and a bundle of "fags" is called a "faggot", then what do you call a group of "faggots"? A "subreddit"
What Do Gay Bulls Eat? Grass
What do japanese men do when they have erections? Vote
What do you call Japanese people that fly planes? Pirates.
Tits man or arse man? "Tits man or arse man?" I was asked.  I really should have got in there earlier when they were giving out super hero names.
After heating up some fish in the microwave a coworker walks by my office all pissy and says... *"Ah you've Cod to be kiddin me! I've Haddock up to here with your fish stinkin up the hallway!"*   Then proceeds to laugh at his own joke.   I've now haddock up to here with your shit, **Jerry**.
Everyone should learn how to masturbate properly. It comes in handy
Your mother is so fat NASA is considering sending a probe her surface to see if she can support life
Your momma is so fat... Your momma is so fat, her picture wouldn't upload to the Internet. 
What do you get when you combine two Japanese demons? A two-eyed onion.
archaeologist discovered a toilet from the Buchanan administration in the White House It's full of Lincoln logs
i'd tell a joke about a toilet but it'll be crap
I like my coffee like I like my slaves... Free. 
What do you call a lesbian who drives a 7 seater? Van Dyke
What do you call a gay person with brain damage? A tomato, because they're both a fruit and a vegetable.
What do Asians do during erections? They vote.
If I ask you for sex, will your answer be the same as the answer to this question? Think about it. 
I like my coffee just how I like my slaves Free.
What do you call a guy that can't stop peeing? Infinipee
Apparently they've fount a cure for Dyslexia! That's just music to my arse
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
Three women are at a restaurant getting lunch. They all date men named Jeff, by coincidence, and they always get confused when they talk about their boyfriends.  One of the women says to the others, "Why don't we give our boyfriends nicknames so we can tell them apart?"  The second woman, takes a drink of her soda and says, "Why don't we name them after soft drinks? I'll call mine 7-Up, because he's got seven inches, and it's always up!"  The third woman says, "I'll call mine Mountain Dew, cause when he says he's mountin', you bet he do!"  They both turn to the first woman, and wait for her answer.  The first woman says, "I'll call mine Jack Daniels, it definitely suits him."  The other two women, both confused at her answer, say to the first woman, "That doesn't count, Jack Daniels is a hard liquor."  The first woman replies, "He sure is!" 
I was screwing this African woman last night, she kept yelling the N word It was really hard to concentrate with her screaming no the entire time
3 Guys Each Get 3 Wishes From A Magic Genie 3 guys, Steven, Earl, and David are exploring an ancient temple. When they get to the middle of the temple, a magical Genie appears. "Hello Adventurers! As a reward for finding me, I will grant you each 3 wishes. What are your first wishes?" Steven, the proud one, asks for a trillion dollars. "It is done," the Genie says. Earl, the thoughtful one, asks for world peace "it is done" David, the funny one, asks for his left arm to spin clockwise "it is done" and his arm immediately spinning clockwise very fast.  "Ok, time for your second wishes." Steven asks for a glorious mansion. Earl asks for world hunger to end. David asks for his *right* arm to spin *counter*clockwise These wishes are all granted immediately.  "Alright" the Genie says, "Time for your last wishs so chose wisely!", eyeing David and his rapidly spinning arms. Steven asks for a beautiful wife who will pleasure him however he wants. Earl asks to solve climate change. David asks for his head to rock backwards and forwards "Ok... it is done" and the Genie disappears forever.  After the leaving the magic temple, the 3 men go their seperate ways. However, after 10 years, they meet up to discuss their lives and reflect on what they had done. Steven starts the conversation. "Ahhh, my life is amazing, I have everything I ever wanted and everything I didn't realise I did want!" Earl says "Ahhh, my life is amazing, I have solved so many of the world's problems, everyone loves me!" David says, with his still spinning arms and rocking head, "Guys, I think I fucked up"
Chicken joke The normal chicken goes "cock a doodle doo"  The retarted chicken goes "doodle doodle cock" They gay chicken goes "any cock will doo" 
I dream about sleeping with Michael J. Fox I bet he's a really good vibrator.
My friend told me to go to a gas station cause he really had to pee. I told him: "Urine trouble!"
why are people so disgusted when someone farts around them? I mean, come on, a little gas never killed anyone
3 &amp; 5 Lower Balls!!! A man with 3 testis went to Doctor for treatment. He was so shying to tell the doctor that he has 3 Testis. At last he got an idea &amp; said Doctor if i will Add yours &amp; mine testis it will be 5.  Doctor Astonishingly said What? U have only 1? Coz doctor himself have 4..... 
Gays and ISIS ... are fucking assholes.
What's the difference between two dicks and a joke? You don't look like you can take a joke
What's the difference between Adolf Hitler and Michael Schumacher? Michael Schumacher can finish a race.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off
What do Michael Jackson and Mcdonalds have in common? They both stick their meat between 13yo buns. 
Why are fathers impossible to diss? They can say, "Oh yeah? Well, I fucked your mom" and actually mean it. 
A Frenchman, a Englishman, and a American go to a rainforest A Frenchman, a Englishman, and a American all go wandering through a rainforest when all of a sudden three man jumps out of the bushes and says "Halt! You are on our sacred land you must be killed and turned into a canoe. But we are not savages so you may choose how to die.". The man from France says "bring me your most potent poison.", the Englishman says "Bring me a gun.". The American says "bring me a spork.". The three men are brought their weapon of choice and the Frenchman downs the poison shouting "Viva la France!", the Englishman shoots himself in the head shouting "Long live the queen", the American starts stabbing himself with the spork shouting "Make a canoe out of this motherfuckers!!!". 
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass.
(Star Wars) If Finn and Rey hooked up and had a child The child would definitely be on the dark side
What does Betty White's vagina taste like? Depends.
My Grandfather had the heart of a Lion and a lifetime BAN from the city Zoo.
What did the tampon say to the other? Nothing; they were both stuck up cunts!
Recent documents have shown Mussolini was one of biofuels' first advocates, using them extensively in Italy, even for public transport He made the trains run on thyme
I ran into Michael Cera at the bar last night and asked him if he ever hooked up with his Arrested Development co-star Alia Shawkat who played his cousin. He said "Yeah, Maeby I did."  So I guess we'll never know. 
I wasn't going to get a brain transplant... But then I changed my mind
A Bear and a Rabbit are taking a shit in the middle of the woods... The Bear turns to the Rabbit and asks, "Hey, do you have a problem with shit sticking to your fur?"  The Rabbit answers, "No, not at all."  So the Bear takes the Rabbit and wipes his ass with him.
A woman says to her doctor, "Kiss me!" He says "No, I can't."   She asks again "Doctor, please kiss me!"  Again he says "No, that would be unprofessional."  Now she's practically begging "Kiss me!"   He yells "No! I shouldn't even be having sex with you right now."
How to tell the difference between a cucumber and a sea cucumber? Ask it, if you drown - it's a sea cucumber. If you still alive - you're talking to a vegetable.
What did an Asian Canadian hockey fan say in a fight? Puck you
I saw a gay midget the other day I thought wow that's a little queer
A young couple have just finished making love on their porch. A young couple have just finished making love on their porch. As they are lying there naked a small bee flies into the woman's vagina. After they both freak out a little they then jump in the car and drive to the nearest doctor.  They get to his house and run inside and quickly explain the situation. The doctor rushes to his kitchen and grabs a pot of honey and puts a generous dollop on the end of his penis. He quickly explains that his tactic is to draw the bee back out of the vagina using the honey.  So he dips his penis into the woman and withdraws it and nothing happens. So he does it again and still nothing. After a few more times he starts upping the tempo and the woman starts moaning. The man asks "what are you doing to my woman?!?" The doctor replies "new plan, I'm going to drown the bastard" 
What did the lesbian rattlesnake say to Hillary after they finished making love? "You know, they're right . . . we do taste like chicken!"
What's the difference between pedophiles and acne? Acne waits until you're 13.
Redneck Sex.... A brother and sister are having sex  And randomly the sister just starts giggling  The brother asks "what's so damn funny?"  She responds: "you fuck just like dad"  The brother begins to laugh and says: "I know, mom told me"
What's the easiest way to piss off a bunch of redditors? [DELETED]
What do you call a female pilot's vagina? A cock pit.
want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car
A LESSON IN MORALS One day at the end of class, little Johnny's teacher asks the class to go home and think of a story to be concluded with the moral of that story. The following day the teacher asks for the first volunteer to tell their story. Little Suzy raises her hand. "My dad owns a farm and every Sunday we load the chicken eggs on the truck and drive into town to sell them at the market. Well, one Sunday we hit a big bump and all the eggs flew out of the basket and onto the road." When the teacher asked for the moral of the story, Suzy replied, "Don't keep all your eggs in one basket." Little Lucy went next. "My dad owns a farm too. Every weekend we take the chicken eggs and put them in the incubator. Last weekend only eight of the 12 eggs hatched." Again, the teacher asked for the moral of the story. Lucy replied, "Don't count your chickens before they hatch." Next up was little Johnny. "My uncle Ted fought in the Vietnam war, and his plane was shot down over enemy territory. He jumped out before it crashed but could only take a case of beer, a machine gun and a machete. On the way down, he drank the case of beer. Then he landed right in the middle of 100 Vietnamese soldiers. He shot 70 with his machine gun, but then he ran out of bullets! So he pulled out his machete and killed 20 more. Then the blade on his machete broke, so he killed the last ten with his bare hands." The teacher looked a little shocked. After clearing her throat, she asked what possible moral there could be to this story. "Well," Johnny replied, "Don't f**k with Uncle Ted when he's been drinking." "But Doctor," Bill replied, "I feel great. I haven't felt better in years. This just can't be true. Isn't there anything I can do?"   After a moment the doctor said, "Well, you might start going down the street to that new health spa and take a mud bath every day."   Excitedly Bill asked, "And that will cure me?"   "No," replied the doctor, "but it will get you used to the dirt."
What did the Jew say when he evaded the Nazi officers? Auschwitz! That was close!
18 years ago my 4rd grade teacher said to me "You aren't shit and you'll never amount to anything."... I guess it's safe to say, she was a psychic. Wonder if she can predict the lottery too.
What does a condom and Kodak film have in common? They both capture that special moment
Half of men in America watch porn everyday. The other half are waiting for Comcast to fix their internet connection.  *Thanks for the gold kind stranger. 
Plutonium smells just like shit. Pu.
Four guys go to a strip club-- They sit up front at the meat rack. Some babe with the most perfect ass comes out and starts dancing on stage right in front of the four guys. She's wiggling her butt in front of the first guy, so he pulls out his wallet, takes a ten dollar bill, licks it and slaps it on her ass.  She moves onto the next guy doing the same thing, but the second guy, not to be outdone, takes a twenty out, licks it, and slaps it on her ass. Wow she thinks, this is great. So she goes to the next guy still dancing and wiggling that sweet ass in the third guys face.  He pulls out a fifty dollar bill, licks it and slaps it on her cheeky bottom. Now she's really excited and slides on over to the last guy. She is giving him every thing in the strippers book of erotic dancing! The fourth guy pulls his wallet out, whips out his credit card, slides it through the crack of her ass, and takes the eighty bucks!
What do you call a gay dentist? The Tooth Fairy.
Why don't women wear skirts in San Fransisco? Because their balls would show. 
What do you call a male prostitute who can't stop laughing? A giggle-o
Why did Tigger look in the toilet? He was looking for Pooh.
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler? Michael Phelps can finish a race.
What was Hitler's least favorite beverage? Orange Jews﻿.
My son just got kicked out of school for letting a girl jerk him off. I said son, that's the third school this year, maybe teaching isn't for you.
What did the Dick say to the Asshole? Why are you always talking shit?
Do you know why Adolf Hitler didn't win World War 2? Because he didn't do it the *Reich* way
On any given day I'm just a few millimeters of toilet paper away from taking a good day and turning it into a shitty one.
Why was the kitchen full of awkward sexual tension? Because the pot never called the kettle back.
Why wasn't Hitler invited to the picnic? Because he burnt all the Franks.
All dick jokes are essentially the same they just vary in length.
I was once offered a role in a gay porno But in the audition, I blew it
My guitar teacher was arrested last week He was caught rubbing on the D through a G String on A minor.   My cello teacher was also recently put in jail, and he warned my guitar teacher that his F-holes will get way bigger. They call my cello teacher Beethoven's Cello Slut. 
Why do women fake orgasms? Because they think men care.
The Creation of a Pussy Seven wise men with knowledge so fine,  created a pussy to their design.  First was a butcher,  with smart wit,  using a knife,  he gave it a slit,  Second was a carpenter,  strong and bold,  with a hammer and chisel,  he gave it a hole,  Third was a tailor,  tall and thin,  by using red velvet,  he lined it within,  Fourth was a hunter,  short and stout,  with a piece of fox fur,  he lined it without,  Fifth was a fisherman,  nasty as hell,  threw in a fish and gave it a smell,  Sixth was a preacher,  whose name was McGee,  he touched it and blessed it,  and said it could pee,  Last was a sailor,  dirty little runt,  he sucked it and fucked it,  and called it a cunt. 
When Bruce Jenner changed sex's. I thought damn... he's Trans-Jenner?
What did Hitler say when he ran out of soap? Man, I'd kill 5 million Jews for some soap right about now. 
A doctor had just got done sleeping with his patient As he sits in his office, his conscience says to him, "John, what you did was a terrible thing."  He thinks back to himself, "Oh, so what?! I'm not the first doctor to sleep with my patient and I won't be the last."  Conscience: "John, you violated your oath and your patient's trust."  John: "Well, I'm a man and a man has needs!"  Conscience:  "John, the patient was asleep! You raped her!"  John: "She'll never even know!"  Conscience: "John....you're  a fucking veterinarian."
A son tells his father that the first driving lesson was great. Until the police stopped the stolen car!
(NSFW) A bisexual man is confessing to his priest about the fact that he has feelings for men.      "Well we all have our burdens to bear, feelings we can't control." Says the priest . "But having those feelings isn't in itself a sin, the Bible says to lie with a man as you would a with a woman is the sin, have you done that?"      "What? No, avoiding that was easy." The man replied .      "Really?" the Priest asked, somewhat shocked. The man had never shown much self control .      "Yeah, my girlfriend never lets me do anal and my boyfriend doesn't even have a vagina!"
My girlfriends father wont let us sleep together when I stay over Which is a shame because he's a very attractive man.
Why do mice have tiny balls? Not very many of them know how to dance
What kind of Father's Day card does a doctor's daughter make for her dad? A card with tons of sperm swimming towards an egg with the comment "thanks for getting in there". True story. FYI - I was taught the biology of sex at a very young age.
What's the difference between ISIS and a piece of shit? I don't know any difference either.
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Go to r/Jokes. You'll be reminded several times a day that people don't understand that lightbulbs have a vacuum inside them making survival long enough to reproduce rather impossible.
A middle aged woman walks into a super market one late night She browses the deserted isles picking out items and placing them in her carry basket. Soon her list is complete and she heads down to the registers. One sole register is open and it's occupied by a man, who she notices to be roughly her own age. They quietly greet one another and he proceeds to scan in her items... 1 can of soup... 1 carton of milk... 1 loaf of bread. And as he finishes, he looks up and says, "Pardon me for asking, but, are you single?"  The woman smiles and blushes, and replies, "Yes, how did you know?" "Because you're so fucking ugly."
Why are wind instrument musicians terrible at blowjobs? Because they just blow and spit, they find no reason to swallow.
Wanna know what 80 year old pussy tastes like? Depends™
What's the difference between my penis and my jokes? Women don't laugh at my jokes.   :(
How do we know dolphins are the only other animals that have sex for pleasure? They pull out.
So I just went to the doctor because my eyes always hurt extremely much when I have sex. He told me it was probably the pepper spray.
I dont think I could ever "leak" my own sex tape. Watching me have sex is like watching me overstuff a piece of luggage that I don't want to check. I'm usually hunched over, breathing heavy, and praying that it isn't gonna cost me anything once I finished. 
Me and my brother went to a homosexual Chinese restaurant. We both ordered 'the cream of sum yung gui'
Black man waiting for the bus... He has to take a shit real bad, but doesn't want to run across the street to use the public bathroom and end up missing the bus ride, so he proceeds to squat and shit right at the bus stop.  The bus driver pulls up and the black man asks how much, the driver says $2.50 for you and $1.25 for your little brother.
What does a crappy Carpenter make? Loose stools
Why did hitler fail to rule all of europe? He ran out of juice.
How are bosses and diapers alike? They're both full of shit and all over your ass
Man’s Dick In Different Stages Of Age 15 To 30 Like – Eiffel Tower – Long Straight And Made Of Iron.  30 To 40 Like – Qutub Minar – Long, Straight But Ancient.  40 To 50 Like – Leaning Tower Of Pisa – Long But Tilted And Ancient.  After 50 Like – World Trade Center – Got Crashed By Single Hit Of Helicopter
Truth About Sex William Sexfear Quote – Women Always Need The Reason To Have Sex  But Men Are Not Like Them, They Just Need A Place
What do Monica Lewinsky and an Asian political correspondent have in common? All they talk about is the presidential erection
What is Wonder Woman's dildo made out of? Vibranium
Why did the guy stick guano up his butt? Cause he was batshit crazy
Staring at large boobs makes you better at multi-tasking. It demonstrates you can concentrate on two things at once.
How do we know that Jesus was gay? He got nailed by a bunch of Roman dudes.   Edit: not mine. 
How can you tell if your son is gay? Ask him to go to a football game. If he can't go, because he's busy sucking his boyfriend's dick, he might be gay.
Why did Hitler struggle to eat his Chinese food? Because he ordered the chow mein Kampf. 
Why can't Rabbis eat pork and Priests can't have sex? Because the Rabbis got to choose first. 
I asked my friend who is a porn cameraman about his work He said it's a hard job.
My girlfriend let out a huge sigh during sex then I had to tape back the hole I punctured in her
I hate it when my little friend downstairs gets excited It means I have to beat him untill he goes back down.
A young girl goes to the barbershop with her dad.... Her father tells her to be good and not bother the barber or himself while he is getting his haircut and gives her a Twinkie as incentive. The bribe doesn't work and before long the little girl is hovering over them both, asking questions and being a bother all while enjoying her sweet, yellow pastry. The barber, annoyed that he can't do his job properly with this kid in his way, turns to the girl and says, "Hon, your getting a little hair on your Twinkie." The girl looks up at him with a proud smile and says, "Yeah, and I'm growing tits, too."
What did dick say to the condom? I'm going in cover me !
What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob? We better get some support before someone thinks we're nuts
What do you call a Kumquat after it has had an orgasm? A Came-quat
What did the Indian prostitute say to her client they finished having sex? "Thank you cum again"
What does cow shit do? FALL OUT
What do you call a gay drive-by? A fruit rollup
What do you call it when you don't know when your boyfriend is going to cum? [NSFW] I don't know, but you'll be filled with surprise!
The son asks the father, how many kinds of boobs are there? A family is at the dinner table. The son asks the father, “Dad, how many kinds of boobs are there?” The father, surprised, answers, “Well, son, a woman goes through three phases. In her 20s, a woman’s breasts are like melons, round and firm. In her 30s and 40s, they are like pears, still nice, hanging a bit. After 50, they are like onions.” “Onions?” the son asks. “Yes. You see them and they make you cry.” This infuriated his wife and daughter. The daughter asks, “Mom, how many different kinds of willies are there?” The mother smiles and says, “Well, dear, a man goes through three phases also. In his 20s, his willy is like an oak tree, mighty and hard. In his 30s and 40s, it’s like a birch, flexible but reliable. After his 50s, it’s like a Christmas tree.” “A Christmas tree?” the daughter asks. “Yes, dead from the root up and the balls are just for decoration.”
What do gays and my car have in common? They both get busted up when I run over the gay 
Boy: are those space pants you are wearing, cuz your ass is outta this world! girl: no they are baseball pants cuz my ass is outta your league boy:FUUUUU
Sex is like ping pong. I suck at it. 
My fairy godmother asked me "Do you want a long penis or a long memory?" I don't remember my answer 
The guy who wrote the book "everybody poops"... ...should write Number 2
How many blondes does it take to screw a light bulb?? Just 1...blondes will screw anything.
What's the difference between a Bernie Sanders supporter and a fat stripper? A fat stripper actually gets to the polls.
What's in common between a sprinkler and the answer i got if she wanted anal? Tsk Tsk Tsk Tsk
What gave Hitler a heart attack? Seeing his gas bill
Asian Penises are like.... needles, they're small but when they poke it hurts.
What do you call a man trying to conceal his boner? The battle of the buldge.
A mother and father took their 6-year-old son to a nude beach. As the boy walked along the beach, he noticed that some of the ladies had boobs bigger than his mother's, and asked her why. She told her son, "The bigger they are the dumber the person is." The boy pleased with the answer, goes to play in the ocean but returns to tell his mother that many of the men have larger "units" than his dad. His mother replied, "The bigger they are the dumber the person is." Again satisfied with this answer, the boy returns to the ocean to play. Shortly after, the boy returned again. He promptly told his mother, "Daddy is talking to the dumbest girl on the beach, and the longer he talks, the dumber he gets."
What did the teenage boy who was jerking off in his room say when his mother called? One second mom, I'm coming!
What do illiterate Nazi cannibals eat? K entucky  F ried  C ikes
Johnny: Teacher! I need to take a piss! Teacher: Johnny!  The word is urinate.  Once you can use urinate in a sentence, you my go to the bathroom  So time later....  Johnny: I thought of one  Teacher: Yes Johnny  Johnny: Urinate, but if you had bigger tits, you'd be a ten!
Told my dad I had sex with a girl who had HIV. He asked if I was positive.
A Native American boy goes to his father... A Native American boy goes to his father and asks,   "Father, how did you choose my sister and I's names?"   "Well son, I named you guys after the first thing I saw outside the tent when you were born. I named your sister Morning Sun because I saw the sun when she was born.  Why do you ask, Two Dogs Fucking?"
What did the frog say when he was asked how he knew so much about the new lili pad. Reddit
What is the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms? One is a Goodyear. The other is a great year. 
How many cops does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. Instead, they end up beating the room for being dark.
A priest and a rabbi are sitting in a bar. The priest asked the rabbi, "Do you get paid for corcumcisions?" The rabbi replies "No, but I keep the tips."
So a racist pig, a sexist idiot, and a pot-smoking socialist run for president. I am so sorry America. There is no happy ending here.
What vehicle does Hitler use to fly ? Heil-acopter
Hear about the porno in a hot air baloon? It was fucked up.
Transitioning to a Smurf Today I'm excited to announce I'm transitioning to a Smurf...starting with my balls.
When you say the word poop, your mouth does the same motion as your butt hole. Same can be said for the phrase "explosive diarrhea".
For me sex is like a game singleplayer
What's the difference between Hitler and Donald Trump? One made a killer microwave.
How do you blindfold an Asian? With Dental Floss
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea? A salad shooter
What's the one thing you need to know in order to make money on the stock market AND not have kids without using condoms? The right time to pull out.
Why isn't Hitler allowed at barbecues? Because he burns all the franks but leaves one undercooked.
So sexy and I gnaw it How do you know ants are the sexiest creature alive? You can always find them in your pants.
Sex is like pizza. My wife won't let me have it until I lose weight.
Japanese is a very interesting language. Almost all long words are shortened into abbreviated portmanteaus, like "SaiKyo" for "Saitama to Tokyo" or "koko" for "koto gakko".   It also has a fondness English loanwords, so things like "Mobile Game" become "MobaGe".   The problem is, despite their fondness for English words, most Japanese people aren't particularly familiar with English itself.    Sadly, I don't think that's really the appropriate contraction of "Rap Artist".
A comedian walks up to a Chinese kid And says "what has four legs and rhymes with log?" The asian kid replies "Dinner"
What do you call a well hung black man? Dead.
What's the #1 thing that pisses off redditors? You're grammar
Here's to honor!... Get honor, stay honor. If you can't come in her. Come honor. 
How many alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a light bulb... To get to the other side!
Two gay guys Two gay guys are in the locker room jerking each other off when one of the guys' phone rings.   "Stand here and don't finish without me" says the guy whose phone rang and runs off to answer it. A few minutes later, he comes back and there is cum all over the walls.  "Dude, I told you"  "I didn't. All I did was fart"
There's a faggot in the trunk of my car. There were too many sticks in my front yard, so I'm dumping them in the woods.
I went to a premature ejaculaters anonymous but nobody was there. I guess I came too soon.
What do you call a Chinese conga line? A Chu Chu train
What was the first porn movie about Rappers called? Lewdicrous
There's a Russian gay couple... One of them is called Vladislav, the other is called Karl. After happily loving each other for a fair few years, Karl discovers Vladislav is having an affair with Vladimir.  Devastated, Karl gets onto his knees in front of Vladislav and bellows:  "VLADISLAV? Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more!"
A man walks into a psychiatrist's wearing solely underpants made from cling film... The psychiatrist says 'Well, I can clearly see your nuts!'
How to you call midget intercourse ? Microtransaction
An old gambling buddy told me this joke: What did the man with premature ejaculation say to his blind wife? "Honey, could you pass me the remote?"                         Bet you didn't see THAT coming!
What's the difference between your dick and your money? I can find a lot of girls that'll blow your money.
Butt sex is a bit like being the intern at work You need to start from the bottom and work your way up
How many Muslim Men does it take to screw in a Light Bulb? Just one, but the whole group gets to take a turn.
If you woke up naked in the woods with a condom up your ass would you tell anyone? No?.. Wanna go camping?
What is Boob IM Icons? Perfect Boobs **(o)(o)**  Fake Boobs **( + )( + )**  Perky Boobs **(*)(*)**  Big Nipple Boobs **(@)(@)**  A Cups **o o**  Wonder Bra Boobs **(oYo)**  Lopsided Boobs **(o)(O)**  Grandma Boobs **\ o /\ o /** 
Doc, I've got a problem. Every morning at 8 sharp I poop. Doc: "How is that a problem?" Me: "I wake up at 9."
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass
I watched my first porno film last week.... I looked so much younger then.
A boy asks his dad the difference between theory and reality.. Dad: "Go ask your sister and your mom if they'd sleep with the neighbor for a million bucks".  The boy returns awhile later...  Dad: "Well, what'd they say?"  Son: "They said that they would, but I still don't understand the difference between theory and reality".  Dad: "Son, in theory we could be millionaires but in reality we live with a couple of whores".
What's the difference between a midget and black people? A midget is a small problem. Black people are a huge problem.
Why is having phone sex such a bad idea? There's a good chance you'll get hearing AIDS
What do you call a group of well-endowed, homosexual physicists? Large hardon colliders
Did you hear about the donkey that failed preschool? He was a real dumb *ass*
What did Bran Stark say to his one night stand in the morning? ... don't let the Ho-dor hit your ass on the way out!
Why does Donald Trump close his eyes during sex? So he can imagine he's masturbating.
What do you call an Asian who feels bad? Malaisean
I've started seeing someone about my porn addiction. Her name's Brandy.
Having sex while camping is so amazing it's ***In-Tents***
What's the difference between an oral and rectal thermometer? The taste.
A Russian, a Japanese dude and a guy from Boston were caught by a group of cannibals... The leader said to them "we are going to eat you and use your skin to make a canoe, but we will give you the choice of killing yourselves in which ever way you want".  The Russian made a grunting sound then snapped his neck clean off. The Japanese guy took out his samurai sword and honorably killed himself through 'hara-kiri'.  All of a sudden the guy from Boston took a sharp rock and started stabbing himself all over his face and body.  The tribe leader gasped and said "what are you doing! That's the longest and most painful way of killing yourself!" "Yeah well fuck you and your canoe!"
A Bride’s Gift to Her Father In a wedding ceremony the father escorted the bride down the aisle. When they reached the altar, the bride kissed her father and placed something in his hand. Everyone in the room was wondering what was given to him by the bride. The father could feel the suspense in the air, so he announced :“‘Ladies and Gentlemen. Today is the luckiest day of my life.”  Then he raised his hand with what his daughter had given him and continued, “My daughter finally returned my Credit Card to me.” The whole audience, including the priest, started laughing . . . . .   But not the poor Groom!!!
If you had a 9 inch cock growing out of your forehead, what would you see? Nothing, you'd have two balls covering your eyes.
My eyes always hurt whenever I have sex It's probably the pepper spray
The Horse Lover A worried patient went to his psychiatrist. “I’m in love with my horse,” he said .  “But that’s nothing,” replied the shrink. “A lot of people love animals. For instance, my wife and I have a dog that we love very much.”  “Ah, but doctor,” the patient replied. “It’s a sexual attraction that I feel toward my horse.”  “Ahhh!” exclaimed the doc. “What kind of a horse is it? Male or female?”  “Female, of course,” said the dude. “What do you think I am, a fäggøt??!”
NSFW: My wife said she wanted to have sex like they do in the movies... So I pushed her against the wall, grabbed her hair from behind and drilled her up the shitter. Turns out we watch different movies.
Did you hear about the 90 year-old virgin? Her cherry had fruit flies
What's a skydiver's favorite spice? Ground cumin! As long as they aren't running out of thyme.
What's long, hard and has cum in it? A cucumber, you pervert!
How does a gay guy remove a condom? He farts
I orgasmed during the sermon today. It was my cum to Jesus moment.
What do toilets and humans have in common? You can give them as much crap as you want, but when push comes to shove, bleach makes everything better again.
Carving a boob from a tree would be pretty cool Wooden tit?
Four gay men live together in a house. Micheal and Habib, who are married and Chris and Stephen,who are married. No one else comes to the house. All the men have crew cuts. Chris shower snakes the shower one day and finds long black hair in the drain. How is this hair in the shower? Because Micheal hasn't shaved his pubes since 1973.
what do you call a poker player taking a shit in a forest? Deuces wild. 
I was walking downtown and I saw two homeless guys kissing... and I said, "C'mon you two, get a box."
What do you call a virgin in West Virginia? An only child....
I went to the library and asked if they had the book about tiny penises... The librarian said, "I don't think it's in yet."      I said, "Yes, that's the one."
What do you call a tall, obese computer nerd with a bladder control problem.  A Big Fat Geek Wetting.
Half of men in America watch porn everyday. The other half are liars.
What browser do you use to watch porn? Bill Gates: "Internet Explorer"  Sundar Pichai: "Google Chrome"  Tim Cook: "Safari"  Jared Fogle: "Tor"
Sex (nsfw) What is the difference between regular sex and anal sex?   Regular sex makes your day.  Anal sex makes your whole week..        (hole weak)
What do you call a fight between two blacks? Gorilla Warfare.
Paddy Irish man, Paddy English Man and Paddy Scots man. They all go to prison for 3 years. When they are all in their cells the warden comes and says "ok, to make this easier, you can all have one thing that will last you your 3 years inside".   All 3 are jumping up and down with excitement.   Paddy English man shouts " I want all the porn in the world"   Paddy Scots man says "Give me 50 barrels of whiskey"   and Paddy Irish Man shouts " I want a million cigarettes"  Warden gives them what they want and five years later the warden opens the cell doors.   Paddy English man with his cock hanging off cries "ill never look at a porno again"  Paddy Scots man stumbles out.   Paddy Irish man walks out to the warden all happy and smiling with a cigarette in his mouth and turns to the warden and says "Do you have a light" 
How many Irish guys does it take to screw in a light bulb? 30 - One to hold the light bulb and 29 to drink until the room spins.
What is the sexiest pair of lingerie? Your mother's thigh highs and a Freudian slip.
We all know how women can fake orgasms, but do you know how a man does? He moans, shakes, and spits on your back.
What's the worst part of having to break up with a Japanese girlfriend? you have to drop the bomb twice before she gets it
What do you get when two lawyers have sex ? A Binding contract that you can't pull out of ... Edit And their are no loop holes other than your client having piercings.   
Did you hear about the guy whose toilet flushes with hot water? He thinks he's real hot shit.
Don't click this, it's a dick 8===D
I once farted in an Apple Store and everyone got pissed.. It's not my fault they don't have Windows
Bigger Breasts Wife:  "How can I make my breasts bigger?" Husband:  "Just rub toilet paper between them" Wife:  "Why would that work?" Husband:  "It worked on your butt"
What do you call a gay dinosaur? A Megasoreass,  What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?  A Lickalotopuss
Nuns and prostitutes What do you call 2 nuns and a prostitute playing football?  Two tight ends and a wide receiver.
Bet you never thought of sex like this! Getting strange is like finding money on the ground. Sometimes you get change.... everyonce in a while you find that hundred 
Why are there no vegan porn stars? Because they don't swallow.
How do you know when you're at a gay picnic? The hot dogs taste like shit.
So i stepped on a dog poop and i was mentally challenged. Shit was ruff.
My husbands little brother is a huge dick! and a pain in my ass..
My first anal was like getting my first car I didn't wanted it m,but dad gave it to me anyway 
Jennifer Aniston's dance scenes as a stripper in "We're The Miller's" are totally Oscar worthy. Oscar is my nickname for my penis.
I like my girls like Shrek... Big boned and with an ass that talks back
What is the number one best selling sex toy of all time in all of Wales? Velcro gloves
Child porn You sick fuck!
Why don't black people go on cruises? They're not falling for that one again
What's the difference between virgin olive oil and extra virgin olive oil? *thick Italian accent* "She don't even touch it."
Celebrating my first blowjob so I got a free shot of tequila at the bar No matter how many shots I have, I can't seem to get the taste out of my mouth 
The one good thing about Hitler? He killed Hitler.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Hitler? Hitler had a plan. 
Q: why do the gay guys like midnight? A: twelve DONGS!
A dad catches his son masturbating. . . At first, neither reacts or moves. They just look each other in the eye.  Eventually the father says: "If you do that all the time you'll go blind."  The son replies: "Then can I do it until I need glasses?"
Do you know the difference between 5 minutes of blowjob and 5 minutes of sodomy ? Do you have 10 minutes ?
My friend recommended me a sex position called "The Batman" I asked "What on earth is that?", he responds with "You kill her parents".  He's a bit of a Joker.
Why do women have orgasms? Just another reason to moan really.
four gay man walked into a bar They wanted a seat but there was only one stool. They decided to take turns sitting down until one man suggested to turn the stool upside down. 
Everybody has thought, "If I win the lotto, I will get all the money and lay in it and sleep with my winnings!!" I'm thinking, "Those winnings have other people's Herpes and Ass Sweat all over them, I'll stick with my Bank card instead"
What do you call a black man flying a plane? Wait, you really don't know? A pilot, you racist asshole!
Damn girl, are you Daenerys Targaryen? Because that ass could take over the world.  Haha don't know if this is used or not yet but I dreamt up this joke so enjoy.
I tried smuggling child porn across the border once.... and i would've gotten away with it if it weren't for those fucking kids!
I had to go see my doctor today because I’m having an unusual problem. I say to him, “I’ve got a problem, every time I finish masturbating I sing the American national anthem”. The doctor said, “Don’t worry, a lot of wankers sing that”.
Japanese, American and Russian So all the 3 participated in a 3 steps competition   1- you have to drink 10 bottles of whiskey  2 - go into a room where there is a lion and take a hair  3 - go into a room where there is a taekwondo girl with black belt and rape her   - The Japanese started first, drank 8 bottles and fainted.   - Then came the American, he drank the whiskey bottles and went to the lion's room, few seconds later he came out injuried and full of wounds, so he withdrew.  - it was the Russian turn, he drank the bottles, went to lion's room, the people outside started hearing the lion's roar, noise, screams and all kind of sounds. After a long pause, the Russian got out and told them, "So, I finished this step, where is the girl that I need to take a hair from"   **The joke is translated from Moroccan Arabic, and it was about a Moroccan, but I thought it would make more sense if I changed it to Russian**
Don't you hate it when people attach little steering wheels to their penises? It drives me nuts.
Why did eve have sex with god? She just wanted to make a little prophet... 
Why do Jew like to watch porn in reverse? They like the part where the hooker gives the money back.
What do you call a Russian with 3 balls? Whodyanik Abolokof
I once farted in an elevator   it was wrong on so many levels. 
A boy askes his dad if he can have a beer. The dad says "Is your dick long enough to touch your asshole?" The boy says no. "Then you're not man enough to have a beer yet." A few years later he sees his dad having a cigar, and he asks if he can have a cigar too. The dad says "Is your dick long enough to touch your asshole?" The boy, again, says no. "Then you're not man enough to have a cigar yet."  A few more years pass, and the son buys a lottery ticket, and wins big. His dad says "Hey son, how about sharing that money with your dad?" The son says "Gee, I don't know. is your dick long enough to touch your asshole?" The dad says "Yes it is!"  "Then go fuck yourself."
Does Hitler play Dark Souls III? Because he's the Champion of Ash
If you like pee jokes... ...urine luck.
Anniversary deal The night before our anniversary my wife and I agreed that whoever woke up first in the morning should wake the other one with oral sex.  I was up first the next morning so I slowly pulled back the covers and stuck my cock in her mouth.
What did the British man say to his wife after sex? Honey, I nut. Cheerio! (I think I'm funny)
What's the difference between a prostitute with irritable bowel syndrome and an epileptic oyster? You have to shuck the oyster between fits.
What's the difference between a swimmer and a gay? The swimmer smells like chlorine all over his body, while the gay only smells like chlorine on one part
Why are black people so good at basketball? Because there is running shooting and stealing involved!
What do Asians have to get before they can have sex? Derections
How many Hitler's does it take to screw in a lightbulb? NEIN.
If a man uses pickup lines on a girl... Would you call it Clitbait?
A black guy, a japanese guy, a mexican, and an american are on a plane. The plane starts to take a nose dive and the pilot comes on the loud speaker, "In order to avoid crashing you all need to throw something out that you have too much of."   The Black man goes first and he throws out a bucket of fried chicken. Then the Japanese man steps up and throws out some sushi. Then, The mexican man throws out a few burritos.  Then, finally, the American steps up and throws out the mexican. 
Father: You're grounded. Son: Jim Morrison sucked! *storms off to room* Father:  What did I tell you about slamming The Doors!
What's the difference between a nut, a bolt, and a screw? I usually bolt later.
Scientists say men think about sex every 8 seconds... ...that's why I can eat a hot-dog in 7
I like my asshole just like my women's pussy Without some other guy's dick in it
I tried to upload the COD: Infinite warfare trailer to pornhub But they don't accept rape.
if a gay man inquires about something.... Is it a queery?
What do you call a lesbian Dinosaur? Lickalotapus 
I asked my friend from New Zealand how many times he'd had sex... but he fell asleep before he could tell me.
A farmer is caressing and kissing his tractor His neighbor ambles by and asks him what in the world he's doing rubbing all over his tractor like that.   The farmer explains: my wife and I have been having trouble in bed and my doctor suggested I show some love and affection to a tractor. 
A woman is in a coma, lying in a hospital bed... ...while two nurses are giving her a wash with sponges. When they rub the skin close to her genital area, they notice that her fingers are twitching and her toes are moving. So one of the nurses says to the other: "Is it possible that this woman could be awoken with oral sex?" The other nurse says that it couldn't hurt to try it out, so they both go to the waiting room, where the comatose woman's husband is waiting and tell him about their suspicion that oral sex could wake the woman up from her coma. The man is very excited and says that he'll give it a go. The nurses lead him to the room his woman lies in and wait outside to give them a little privacy. Ten minutes later they enter the room and see the woman lying there dead. One of the nurses stutters "What...What happened in here?!" at which the man answers "I...I'm not sure...I...I think she suffocated."
A 13 y/o and his teacher had sex A 13 years old and his teacher had sex the other day.   when he came home from school, the kid's mother asked how it was in school today.  "it was great mom, i had sex with the teacher."  The mom, a bit worried, calls the dad and tells him to come home.  when the dad arrives, she tells him that their son had sex with the teacher.   the dad tells the son:  "Son, is it true? you had sex with your teacher?"  "Yes."  "Well, I guess ill buy you a bike. do you want to come and test one you really want?"  "thats great. well, give me some time to recover, my ass still hurts"
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A total rip off.
What's the best part about having sex with 22 year olds There are 22 of them.
Drunk sex is like a WNBA game. It lasts 2 hours and nobody comes.
What airline allows you to pee in cruise? Wizz Air
A man wanted to join the peeing club He went up to the club owner and asked "Can I join?" To which he replied, "You're in."
Does Hitler have a favorite number? Hitler: Nine.
What did hitler say when the jews escaped aw shwitz!
A guy decides to get his girlfriend's name tattooed on his dick. A guy decides to get his girlfriend's name tattooed on his erect penis.  When erect, it says "Wendy", but when soft, it just says "Wy".  They decide to take a vacation to Jamaica.  While in a public restroom, a Jamaican guy walks up to the next urinal.  The guy notices that the Jamaican also has "Wy" tattooed on his dick.  **Guy**: "Hey!  You're girlfriend's name is Wendy too!"   **Jamaican**: "No.  Mine says 'Welcome to Jamaica.  Have a nice day.'"
My wife told me "My gynecologist says I can't have sex for two weeks" I said "And what did your proctologist say?"
What do you call a gay cow? A ho*moo*sexual
TIL the odds, as a male college student, of having sex with a given college girl. One in four
A man with three balls A man with three balls goes to another random guy and tells him: "you know that together we have 5 balls?" and the guy replies: "why,  you have only one?"
If you read this you are gay Gotcha
School is like a penis... Long and hard unless you're Asian
Your SHITTIEST pun joke? Alright, school is almost out for me and as a joke I've previously done a shite pun joke a day for about two weeks, and am now looking for enough jokes for 3 per day starting this Wednesday the 18th and ending Wednesday the 1st. Bring them on?
A man walks into a hotel with his family... ...and talks to the receptionist. After checking in their reservation, his family starts walking toward the elevator to unpack their luggage in their room. The man stays behind to ask a question.  "Hey, is the porn here disabled?"  Then receptionist looks appalled and harshly replies back.  "It's just regular porn, you sick fuck!"
What is the Difference Between Your Nearest Bus Station and a Crab With a Boob Job? One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
Where do you get virgin wool? Ugly sheep.
How does a gay religious terrorist spend his vacation in Cuba? Infidel Castro
What do army ants have in common with masturbating dolphins? Both come in waves...
Why did Tigger look down the toilet? To find Pooh!
Two nuns are driving down the road when a demon jumps on to the bonnet. One nun says to the other ''show him your cross'', so the other one winds down the window and shouts ''get the fuck off my car asshole!''
Did you hear about the Chinese brother's that tried to start a German Empire? Turns out two Wongs don't make a Reich.
What's the difference between a joke and double penetration? Sometimes your mom can't take a joke.
Choosing between Hillary and Trump is like having to fart really bad while sitting between Scarlett Johansson and The Pope. I don't know which way to lean.
Help! I've been robbed! They stole everything except my deodorant, shampoo and hand soap.  Dirty bastards 
What's the difference between Hitler and Killer Keemstar (DramaAlert)? Hitler knew when to kill himself.  (Got this from the youtube comments of Hell)
There are so many closet gay muslims, Isis just invaded Narnia.
Disney is releasing an alternate version of its latest film for the Indian audience where Nemo's father starts looking for a bride for his son. It's called Finding Dowry.
My favorite sex position is the JFK I splatter all over her while she screams and tries to get out of the car.  Edit: thanks for the gold kind stranger. 
Why can't Eric Clapton cum by masturbating? Because he's Slowhand
A British boy and his grandfather are flying to Germany at night They pass over a city. The boy says "Look, pap, aren't the city lights pretty?"  His grandfather answers "I supposed, but I'm a tad disappointed."  Confused, his grandson asks "Why do you say that?"  His grandfather replies: "Dresden isn't burning nearly as bright as it used to."
A pastor buys some fish A boy is selling fish on a corner. To get his customers' attention, he is yelling, "Dam fish for sale! Get your dam fish here!" A pastor hears this and asks, "Why are you calling them 'dam fish.'" The boy responds, "Because I caught these fish at the local dam." The pastor buys a couple fish, takes them home to his wife, and asks her to cook the dam fish. The wife responds surprised, "I didn't know it was acceptable for a preacher to speak that way." He explains to her why they are dam fish. Later at the dinner table, he asks his son to pass the dam fish. He responds, "That's the spirit, Dad! Now pass the f*cking potatoes!"
Donkey Balls Adam and his wife were taking a walk in the desert, just outside a city, to pass time. After having walked a little while, the couple wanted to check the time, out of curiosity, but Adam had forgotten his wristwatch back at the hotel.  They noticed a frail old man, sitting by his donkey in the hot sand, about a hundred meters away, and decided to ask him. "Excuse me sir, do you have the time?" The old man slowly nodded, turned towards his donkey, cupped the donkey's balls and lifted them slightly, about an inch. "It's 2:16, sir." The couple, astounded by what they had just seen, thanked the old man and went on their way, discussing about the odd event.   Time passed, and the couple still couldn't figure out how the old man had done it. They made their way back to him, and asked him again. "Excuse me sir, but do you have a watch?", Adam asked. "No, but I can tell you the time", the old man replied. He once again turned to his donkey, cupped the balls and lifted them, as if weighing them, and turned back. "It's currently 2:58." Once again, the couple walked off, thanking the man, and discussed what they'd just seen.   Nothing came of it, and they decided to go back one last time to the frail old man. "Excuse me," Adam said, "sorry to bother you again, but my wife and I were very curious as to how you could figure out the time of day simply by weighing your donkey's testicles." The old man chuckled, "You two aren't the first, but here sir, take a seat," as he got up from the hot sand. "Cup the balls, sir," he instructed. "Now lift them slightly, about an inch or so." "Now what?", Adam inquired. The old man went on. "Now look far off in the distance and tell me... do you see the big city clock?"
Just found out that male lions sometimes engage in homosexual behavior. Must have a lot of gay pride. 
What are pornstars paid? Income.
What do you call a joke that is about vaginas? A Hoo Haa ha
So this gynecologist has a patient on a gurney with her feet on the foot rests and asks her: "would you like me to numb the area before i begin?" she says "um, sure" So the doctor goes "NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM!!"
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off!
Where do guys go when they want to get their penis sized and fitted? The Cocktailor.
Have you heard about objectophilia? "What's that?"  "It's when people fall in love with objects."  "Does that really happen?"  "Oh yeah, a guy that fell in love with the Berlin Wall. He was crushed when it came down."
I tried to give myself a sex change But I just couldn't pull it off.     Credit to Rohan Ganju a young upcoming Australian comedian. 
I'm fat and get laughed at when I say I have an eating disorder But I wouldn't be fat if I could stop eating disorder, datorder, and da other one too
I finally got the confidence to be a peeping tom For the longest time, I was just beating around the bush
A man was marooned on a desert island. One day a beautiful woman arrives in a wet suit.   'When did you last have a smoke?' she asks. 'Five years ago.' So she gets out a cigar and he smokes it.   She unzips her wet suit a bit and says, 'When did you last have a drink?' He said, 'Five years ago.' So she gets out a bottle of Scotch and he has a drink.   Then she unzips her wet suit a bit more and says, 'And when was the last time you played around?' He looks at her in amazement and says: 'You're not telling me you've got a set of golf clubs in there?'  Ronnie Corbett (1930 - 2016)
A month before my grandfather died we decided to cover his back in lard. After that he went downhill very quickly.
What do you call an Asian who's tolerable some of the time? Occasionally (OK Asian Lee). 
What do you call a gay guy's kidney stones? Fruity pebbles 
Sex with a girl is like going to Six Flags  I'd have to wait in line for an hour and a half and when it was finally my turn I wasn't big enough to get on the ride.
How many dead hookers does it take to screw a light bulb? Why the hell would my basement even need light?
Did you guys hear about the gay astronaut? He landed on Uranus
An Asian guy, Hispanic guy, white guy, black guy and their pilot are on a plane... Suddenly the plane loses control and the pilot says, "If three people jump off, the rest can survive.  The Asian guy goes "This is for my people" and jumps off. The Hispanic guy goes "This is for my people" and jumps off. The black guy goes "This is for my people", and kicks the white guy off the plane. 
Grammar Nazi vs. Hitler Soldier:"Sir, we are mining too many useless ores."  Hitler:"So mine less!"  [Grammar Nazi busts in]  "MINE FEWER"  [Hitler looks up] "Yes?"
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb? It's some obscure number.. You've probably never heard of it
What happened to the cross-eyed circumcist? She got the sack
What is the motto for junkies who transitioned to heroin from crack? Once you go smack you'll never go crack. 
My username is fatatata I am not fatatall
I want to die like my grandfather, peacefully while asleep... And not like the 60 students on the bus he was driving. 
He who farts in church Sits in his own pew
My friends say I'm full of shit But I already took a poo
A man who is infatuated with soil... has a dirty fetish.
what's the difference between a black man and a box of donuts? One of them's already full of holes before the cops see them.
What do you call a fat girl that committed a murder? Killer Whale.
How did Hitler sneeze? "A jew!"
I hate when I sit on the toilet and my legs fall asleep ..because then they can't sleep when I go to bed
What does a cannibal do after dumping their girlfriend? They wipe, flush, and wash their hands
What weighs 150lbs, stands in the kitchen and takes the piss out of your underpants? A washing machine.
I once knew a guy named Rob. I once new a guy named Rob,  for a dollar he would suck on your knob. For a half dollar more, you could get the whole score And he would eat it like it was his job
I owe my love of bukkake all to my dad When I was a child, he really rubbed off on me.
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, because the cops are just gonna beat the walls for being black.
Why does the toilet have PTSD? Because its seen some shit!
Why did Russia sign the non-aggression pact with NazI Germany? They were Stalin for time.
My friends daughter just recently turned 9 years old and has started asking him those embarrassing questions about sex. Hell, just this morning she asked him "is that the best you can do?"
Holy shit, my gf is a pornstar I hope she is not going to be mad when she finds out
Wanna hear a joke about my dick? Nevermind, it's too long.
What does Popeye put on his dick to have sex? Olive Oyle!
I haven't had any of my kids circumcised. Just the threat is enough. 
How do you fuck a fat chick? Roll her over in flour and find the wet spot
If you haven't had a vagina around your neck... You haven't lived.  Happy Mother's Day!
Why do atheists scream out 'oh my God' during sex? Because it's unbelievable. 
I hear that the Feds raided Pfizer this morning For harboring a "weapon of mass erection" 
A man wearing transparent underwear walked into a psychiatrist's office The psychiatrist said, "I can see you're nuts"
What do you call a gay guy who gives bad blow jobs? A tooth fairy.
Watched a documentary about retina surgery the other day.. It was eye-opening.
Why are black people so attractive? They steal your heart.
A boy asks his father.... "What's the difference between 'potentially' and 'reality'?"  The boy's father studies him for a moment before saying "Go ask your mother, sister, and brother if they would have sex with a Paul Walker for 1 million dollars. Then come back and tell me what they said."  So the son goes off. He asks his mother, who replies "If you're father would be OK with it I would." His sister, who responded enthusiastically that she'd do it for free. And his brother who hesitantly says he would so long as nobody found out.  The boy runs back to his father and says "Dad! They all said yes. What does that mean?"  The father replies "potentially we have 3 million dollars. In reality we have 3 sick fucks."
Why is Jesus so sexually frustrated? he is not coming till judgement day.  so sorry am i going to hell for this?
A white woman and a black man are dancing at a club, and after a while things start to get hot and heavy. After some heavy kissing and petting, the woman makes the suggestion that they return to her apartment for the night. When the couple arrives at the woman’s apartment, they begin passionately kissing and undressing each other, preparing to have frenzied and unrepentant sex with each other.  However, the white woman, curious as she was, asked the black guy as he was taking off his pants, “before you take them off….is it true what they say about black guys?”  With a suave yet sinister look, he looked into her eyes and said “baby, of course.” He then proceeded to stab her and ran out with her purse.  
Condoms... Are for pussies.
If you want to have sex with a frog, use a condom If you want to enjoy it, rib it
Why is air a lot like sex? Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
Life is alot like a Penis Life is a lot like a Penis simple,soft,straight,relaxed and hanging freely... then a women makes it hard
Wife: "I look fat. Can you give me a compliment?" Husband: "You have perfect eyesight."
Butthole, we must talk. Why do do you shit on everything?  And why do you choose to speak up at the wrong time, like in the elevator?
I went to get my physical today and, of course, the doctor was a beautiful woman... She said, "Well, you will have to stop masturbating."  I said, "Wait, but why?"  "So I can start the examination," she said.
Why are all black people tall? Because they're negroes!
A group of adventurers are taken by members of a tribe of savages and brought to their chief. The Chief asks the first man: Do you prefer to die or get fucked in the ass in front of your peers? The poor man, chooses to get fucked. The chief asks the same question from each and they all prefer to get fucked in the ass than die. Except for one who roars like a lion: Never! i'd rather die than be humiliated like that. Kill me! The Chief says, fine! He looks at his people and say: Fuck him in the ass and keep fucking until he dies.
What did one gay sperm say to the other gay sperm? How the hell are we going to find any eggs in all this shit!
What do you call a hooker fart? A prostitoooooot 
My wife refused to do anal. She said she had a Boo-T-I. 
What do you call a hooker with diarrhea? What do you call a hooker with diarrhea?  Prosti-tootin
I know why my saturdays are so shitty now... because there's always a turd in it. 
A New Zealander and an Australian are walking through a paddock and they come across a sheep stuck with it's head stuck in a fence. The Aussie turns to the Kiwi.  "Do you think we should help him?"  The Kiwi, not one to turn down easy prey, pulls his pants down in one smooth motion and takes the sheep from behind amidst a plethora of protesting bleets.  The Aussie watches in shock as the Kiwi finishes with record breaking speed. He asks the Kiwi what they should do now, as the animal has the unexpected item removed.  "Well, you haven't had a root in weeks, mate! You're up next!"  The Aussie apprehensively replies, "Are... are you sure?"  "Stop being a pussy!" The Aussie grudgingly wanders down towards the sheep. He looks at the Kiwi for reassurance and after a nod he sighed, got on all fours and started to work out how to get his head stuck in the fence.  EDIT: Cheers to /u/ICantThinkCreatively for pointing out my idiotic grammar.
Does anyone else find racial/sexist jokes lazy? I'm not meaning to hate on anyone, I just am wondering if anyone else is tired of a punchline being "your dad isn't around" or "make me a sandwich" or pretty much anything having to do with jews being cheap or black people liking fried chicken feeling stale and lazy and franky, not funny?  Idk, I'm feeling a bit self-conscious about it. I'm not offended or anything, I just want new, well thought out jokes more than "watermelon is your dad" jokes.
What do you call a gay doctor who went to college in France, married an Irishwoman and practiced medicine in Italy? A Fag
What's another name for chicken breasts? Chitties
It would be cheaper if they used oak instead of silicone in boob jobs.. Wooden tit?
If I was a stripper my name would be medusa Because I'll make you rock hard ;)
My impression of sex with an optometrist...(nsfw-ish) Is it better like this or like that? Is it better like this or like that? Is it better like this or like that? Is it better like this or like that?
An homosexual goes into the doctor's office and has some tests run The doctor comes back and says, I am not going to beat around the bush, You have AIDS."  The homosexual is devastated.   "Doc, what can I do?"  The doctor says, "I want you to go home and eat 5 pounds of spicy sausage, a head of cabbage, 20 un-peeled carrots drenched in hot sauce, 10 Jalapeno peppers, 40 walnuts and 40 peanuts, 1/2 box of Grapenuts cereal, and top it off with a gallon of prune juice."  The homosexual asks, "Will that cure me, Doc?"   "No, but it should leave you with a better understanding of what your ass is for."
Guys always say blowjobs are great but I've never had the same experience... ... maybe I just don't have the right kind of vaccum
A boy asks his dad... A boy askes his dad if he can have a beer. The dad says "Is your dick long enough to touch your asshole?" The boy says no. "Then you're not man enough to have a beer yet."      A few years later he sees his dad having a cigar, and he asks if he can have a cigar too. The dad says "Is your dick long enough to touch your asshole?" The boy, again, says no. "Then you're not man enough to have a cigar yet."       A few more years pass, and the son buys a lottery ticket, and wins big. His dad says "Hey son, how about sharing that money with your dad?" The son says "Gee, I don't know. is your dick long enough to touch your asshole?"   The dad says "Yes it is!"   "Then go fuck yourself."
Everytime we have sex my girlfriend wants to pretend to be a teenager. I tell her, "Be patient. You'll be one soon enough."
What do Ted Cruz and Donald Trump's father have in common? They pulled out too late.
I was going to make a joke about anal... But fuck it
How do you blindfold a chinese person... you put a floss over their eyes.
My dick is a joke Nobody's ever seen it coming. 
Yur mom is so fat Her nipples look like bologna slices.
A guy is riding his bike... He's carrying a bag in each hand so he has trouble keeping his balance. After a couple of minutes he finally falls over and drops both bags. One of them breaks open and reveals a lot of five dollar bills.  A police officer sees this and comes over to help. As he sees the bag full of money, he gets suspicious and asks: "Where did you get all that cash?"  The guy says: "Well, I own a garden next to a tennis court and during breaks people often go there to take a piss. So i always stand there with a big knife and say: 'Gimme five bucks or I'll cut it off!'"  "Ok...what's in the other bag?"  "Well, everyone doesn't pay..."
Fat Lady vs Old Maid What is the difference?  One is trying to diet, the other is dying to try it!
How does Hitler line people up to get ready for mass genocide? Jew by Jew
What do you call a group of gay smart men that are all the same? Homogenius
Sex with a Ghost     A visiting professor at Harvard University is giving a seminar on the supernatural. To get a feel for his audience, he asks: "How many people here believe in ghosts?" About 90 students raise their hands.  "Well that’s a good start. Out of those of you who believe in ghosts, do any of you think you’ve ever seen a ghost?" About 40 students raise their hands.  "That’s really good. I’m really glad you take this seriously. Has anyone here ever talked to a ghost? 15 students raise their hands. "That’s a great response. Has anyone here ever touched a ghost?"   Three students raise their hands. "That’s fantastic. But let me ask you one question further.....Have any of you ever made love to a ghost?" One Arab student in the back raises his hand. The professor is astonished. He takes off his glasses, takes a step back, and says, "Son, all the years I’ve been giving this lecture, no one has ever claimed to have slept with a ghost. You’ve got to come up here and tell us about your experience." The student replies with a nod and a grin, and begins to make his way up to the podium. The professor says, "Well, tell us what it’s like to have sex with a ghost." The student replies, "Ghost? Damn..... From back there I thought you said ’goats’!"  
A prostitute made $400.05 in one night from blowjobs. Bringing the money back to her pimp, he asks: "Who the hell gave you a nickel?" To which she replies:  "They all did."
Last night my friend trashed a Chinese restaurant... Told him I was horrified by his wonton destruction
Why did Hitler commit suicide ? Because he couldn't pay the gas bill
Why did my semen cross the road? Because the chicken crossed the road.
how many vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb? How many Vietnam war vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb? I don't know. Of course you don't know; you weren't fucking there, man.
What's the difference between Mighty No. 9 and a gay guy? The gay guy eventually comes out
A Nympho Walks into the Sex Toy Store... While the owner is out to lunch and says "I've tried everything: The Magic Mike, the Clarence Thomas, the Milton Berle. None of them are big enough. Do you have anything else?"  The clerk thinks a minute,  goes into the back. "this is completely unique, and self-warming with a patented clit loop. The boss was saving it for herself but I feel bad for you. I'll let you have it for $300."  The nympho leaves and the boss comes back and asks, "how was business while I was gone?"  "Great! I sold three butt plugs, one strap-on kit, and your Thermos."
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 17, 1 to hold the lightbulb, 1 to hold the ladder and the other 15 to drink whiskey until the roof spins
Did you hear about the gay Irish couple? Patrick Fitzgerald and Gerald Fitzpatrick.
I think I need a new butt... because mine is cracked
What do my tastes in food and pornography have in common? I prefer the kind with fruits and vegetables. 
Man goes to the doctor saying everytime he wakes up, at 8 o'clock he goes to poop. The doctor asks, naturally: How is that a problem?  The man replies: I wake up at 9.
A teenage boy to his father: "Father, I am not a virgin anymore."   Father: "Wow that's great. Come, let's sit down and drink something to celebrate this moment."  Son: "Ok, I can drink with you but I really cannot sit down for a while."  
What does sex and basketball have in common? I'm too short to play   :(
I heard diarrhea is hereditary... It runs in your jeans. (Ba dum tss) 
sex toy. do you know about ISIS making there own sex dolls?   it blows up itself.
How is having sex with a woman and eating at KFC similar? After you're done with the juicy breasts and the tender thighs, all there's left to do is to throw the bone in the greasy box.
New York City has just announced a plan to improve public transportation in Harlem They are going to plant the trees closer together. 
When I was young, I thought girls didn't poop Now I realize they're all full of shit
On the one hand, when I masturbate, I feel like I'm cheating on my wife... ...but on the other hand, I don't.
What do you call a girl you bring home from the club to have sex with and you "accidentally" make her swallow? Thot-ful
How does a gay man give a donation at the sperm bank? He farts in the cup.
Do you know what a woman says when she sees a big dick? I know.
What do Gay men have in the morning? Sticky Buns! ;D
A young worm asks his father about life. 'Dad,' says the young worm, 'what is it like to live in an apple?'  'Oh, son,' answers the dad, 'living in apple is wonderful: it's juicy, crispy, delicious.'  'Dad,' asks the son. 'What is it like living in an orange?' 'Oh, son, living in an orange is incredible, it's liquid sunshine, it's California.'  'But, Dad, why do we live in shit?'  'Son! There is such a thing as the motherland!'
What's the difference between a fridge and a gay guy? The fridge doesn't fart when you pull the meat out of it.
Why do pirates like girls with small tits? Because they always search for sunken chests
What's the difference between an epileptic corn farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea? The epileptic corn farmer shucks between fits.
I went to a disco last night. I went to a disco last night. They played The Twist, I did the Twist. They played Jump, I jumped. They played Come on Eileen...I got kicked out for that one.  EDIT: Added the beginning of the joke in here because somehow the name is Donald Trump now. What the fuck happened?!?!? 
A couple is going to have sex   She-Honey, can we do a 69?  He-Lets do a 68  She-Whats a 68?  He-You suck my dick and i owe you one
Anal, Something I'd get behind!
Why are all black people fast? Because all the slow ones are in jail.
What's the best thing to come out of a penis? The wrinkles.  (Told to me by my mother)
What is a chicken's favourite porn? Bwarkkake. (Say it like a chicken for full effect.)
Voodoo Dick This newlywed guy is going away on a business trip for 3 weeks, and he doesn't want his brand new bride to get lonely and mess around while he's gone, so he stops by the sex toy shop in town. He looks around and sees lots of dildos, sex dolls, vibrators and etc, but nothing that would keep his wife occupied for 3 weeks. So he asks the clerk, who happens to be the store owner, and though at first the clerk says there is nothing there that would keep a person satisfied for that long, after some badgering, he finally pulls a black ebony box with a gold clasp from underneath the counter--all the while assuring the newlywed that it's not for sale, being a family heirloom and of priceless sentimental value. He opens the box, and inside is an apparently normal dildo. The newlywed guy is unimpressed, but the clerk interrupts. "Let me demonstrate," he says. He looks at the box and says "Voodoo Dick--The Door!" and the voodoo dick jumps into the air, floats over to the door, and starts going at the keyhole like crazy, pounding away until the door begins to crack down the center. Finally, the clerk says "Voodoo Dick--The Box!" and the voodoo dick flies back into the box. With some difficulty, the guy convinces the clerk to sell it to him.    When he arrives home, he gives his wife the box and says "Just open it and say, 'voodoo dick, my pussy' if you ever get horny, all right?" So he leaves on his business trip, and by the third day, the wife is getting pretty horny. So she opens the box and says "Voodoo dick, my pussy," thinking the whole thing rather rediculous. After about 15 minutes, she has had several orgasms and is starting to get tired, so she tries to pull the voodoo dick out. Apparently, her husband had forgotten to tell her how to turn it off. So she puts on a dress and starts driving to the hospital. About half way there, the voodoo dick is pumping away at her, and she starts multiple orgasming, and so she swerves a bit over the yellow line. A police officer happens to be behind her, and pulls her over. As the cop stands at the window, she is sweating and her face is blushed, and she's squirming all over as the voodoo dick goes at her. The cop looks at her for a second and says, "Lady, how many drinks have you had tonight?" She says quickly "Officer, I swear I haven't had anything to drink! there's this voodoo dick going at my pussy and I can't make it stop! I'm on the way to the hospital to have it removed!" The officer thinks about it for a second, gives her a smirk and says "Voodoo Dick my ass, lady."
Why is the story of Jesus the longest porn in history? Because 2000 years after he rose again, everyone is still waiting for the second coming.
We had a proper, serious, grown-up discussion about pornography recently, and my girlfriend said, "I don't get porn. Why would I want to watch to people have sex?"  I said, "Two? People?"
If you put your right ear really close to your left knee and you listen... ...you can hear a voice say 'What the fuck are you doing?'
Why don't Jews eat pussy? Because its too close to the gas chamber!
What's the difference between Hitler and Lance Armstrong? Lance armstrong can finish a race 
When Johnny was late for class, his teacher asked why? "My dad got burnt" said Johnny  "Nothing serious I hope" exclaimed the teacher  To which Johnny replied "They don't fuck around down the crematorium Miss"
A woman is in the doctor's office... She says, "Doctor, kiss me."  He replies "I'm sorry, you're beautiful, but I can't do that, it would be unprofessional, I could lose my practice."  A minute later, again she says "Doctor, please, please kiss me, you're so handsome, I'm so aroused and dying to be kissed by you."  He says "I'm sorry, I can't. I have a wife and children, I cannot betray their trust. I have to think of my family, I'm sorry."  Again she says, "Doctor, please, I'm begging you. Kiss me. Deeply, passionately, I need to feel your lips on mine."  "Listen lady, I shouldn't even be fucking you."
Three tampons are walking down the street. ... One is a blonde, one is a redhead, and one is a brunette. Which one of them says hello to you as you pass?  None of them, because they're all stuck up cunts.
Am I guilty of being romantic? You be the judge. A bottle of champagne on ice, sweet love songs playing in the background, a trail of rose petals lead to a bed on which I'm lying naked. The bedroom door slowly opens and I whisper those three special words.... Happy Birthday Dad.
How do you say virgin in German? Goodentite
There has been a controversial story in the news where a man in Germany got in a fight with a women after referring to her as "a vagina." Can you imagine a world where people are called by their genitals? What a dick!
So I met this Chinese girl on an online dating site. I proposed that we meet up, but she said that she didn't have enough money to buy a plane ticket to the USA. I then wired 10,000$ to her, and she stopped responding. Great, she's on the plane over right now!  Edit: My god redditors don't have a sense of sarcasm
A deer walked out of a gay bar and said... I just blew ten bucks in there!
Shitty new series Hey did you watch the new series about diarrhea?  Yeah! It was a real shit show.  I know, right? The cliffhanger was nice but then shit just went downhill.  Let's see who they dump on the next episode.
so a son comes home So a son comes home from school and says to his mom.  Son:Mommy i had sex with my teacher.  Mom: What ! This is outrages go tell your father Son: Daddy i had sex with my teacher. Father: Well Done! When are you doing it again? Son: When my asshole feels better 
Sorry, I can't do anal... because my anus is for life to fuck.
My Grandfather had the heart of a lion and... A lifetime ban from the New York City zoo.
What do you call men who are addicted to sex? MEN
What's the difference between a joke and 3 cocks? You can't take a joke.
Thor meets a woman with a lisp Thor decides he hasn't been to Earth in quite some time and decides to go down and let humanity know he still exists. So he flies down and lands on a woman's balcony. After entering her apartment he grabs her, throws her on the bed and fucks the shit out of her.  A few days later, in Asgard, he realizes that he never told her who he was, so he goes back down to Earth and lands on her balcony again. When she comes out on to the balcony, he says, "By the way, I'm Thor!" The woman replies, "You're thore?! I couldn't pith for three dayth!"
Oh, Robert... -Tell me those three words that make me lift off the ground..   -Hang yourself, bitch!   
My dick was once in the Guinness book of World Records. Then the librarian told me to take it out. 
I play golf like I have sex I mostly hit 3's and 4's
How do you view gays? How do you View lesbians? Me-How do you view gays? person- ehh, whatever they don't affect me Me- Same here  Me- How do you view Lesbians? Person-Samething, they dont affect me Me- I view them in HD!
For every upvote this gets, I will put my penis in my girlfriend's butt one time Don't upvote too many times, she's only six years old
Why is Santa's sack so full? He only comes once a year
Couple claiming Virginity: Couple claiming Virginity: Girl:If this Is your 1st time,then how did u do it so well?  Boy:If this Is your 1st time,then how do u know that i did well???
My girlfriend and I played footsie at the family table and I climaxed. Turns out it was her grandma. I guess I got off on the wrong foot.
I fucked this retarded chick last night I wanted my first time to be special
Did you know ISIS has its own sex toy factory? There specialise in blow up dolls
My wife screams like crazy during sex... My wife screams like crazy during sex... ...especially when I walk in on her!!!
My sister married a black man He's a lawyer. So now I have a brother in law.
Why did tigger look in the toilet... He was looking for Pooh
A story about how a man sold a tourist his (literal) shit. A man shat diarrhea into a bag and was admiring his work when he saw a tourist pass by.  Tourist: Hey what you got there?  Man: This is called hot cellulose  Tourist: Hot cellulose?  Man: Yeah, it makes you remember God, makes you speak the truth and gives you a very long remembrance.  Tourist: Wow, can I have a cup of this?  Man *pours a cup* : Here you go.  Tourist *takes a sniff*: My god!  Man: Told you it will make you remember God.  Tourist *takes a sip*: Jesus christ this taste like shit.  Man: Told you it will make you speak the truth.  Tourist *takes another sip*: As long as I live, I never ever want to drink this shit again.  Man: Told you it gives you long remembrance.
I had a huge erection. I started running and hit a wall. You know what broke? My nose. 
A policeman pulls over a speeding motorist... and asks him "Why were you speeding?"  The man replies, "I was going to the Policeman ball."  The police officer replies, "But policemen don't have balls."  The man smiles and drives away.
An old man sits in a bar and drinks until he is aggressively drunk... An old man enters a bar, sits on a stool and asks for a drink, then another, then another and another...  After a while he is clearly super drunk and can barely keep himself straight.  Then, 2 enormous guys enter the bar, they are huge, and look like people you dont want to mess with, prison tattoos, quite a few scars, the works, they sit next to the old guy.  The old man asks for another tequila, drinks it, turns to his right and says, not whispering "I Fucked Your Mother".  The whole bar quiets down and turns to witness the scene, as the bad ass dude just turns to the old man, makes a "meh" gesture and turns away minding his own business... the bar goes back to business.  The old man asks for a whiskey shot, drinks it in one go, turns to his left and says to the other guy, "And i also fucked your mom up the ASS!!!" burp! ...   The 2 guys stand up and the old guy leaves his stool as he starts yelling "YOUR MOTHER GARGLED WITH MY BALLS AS MY CUM DRIPPED FROM HER MOUTH!!!" as he points to both the killer looking patrons.  "THATS IT OLD MAN!" one of them says, "You, again, had too much to drink Dad".   
The definition of Rodeo Sex - When you accidentally call your partner by the wrong first name..... Then try and stay on for 8 seconds.
What's the worst thing about being in an incestuous relationship with your own father? Every time you say to him "I'm horny" he always replies "Hi, horny, I'm dad".
What's long, hard, and has cum in it? Cucumber you nasty bastard
Incumbent president Barack Obama walks into a bar A young Barack Obama walks into a bar and immediately orders 2 shots of tequila. The bartender, who knows the senator - now incumbent president - says "Tequila? That's not your usual drink. What's the matter?" Obama looks at him with a sad face and says, "I've been writing my inaugural address and it's not just coming out right. I can't seem to make it work."  "Well," says the bartender, "why don't you let me listen to it, and I'll tell you what I think."  Skeptical, Obama pulls out some sheets of paper and begins to read:  "My fellow citizens:  I stand here today humbled by the task before us, grateful for the trust you have bestowed, mindful of the sacrifices borne by our ancestors. I thank President Bush for his service to our nation, as well as the generosity and cooperation he has shown throughout this transition.  Forty-four Americans have now taken the presidential oath. The words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace. Yet, every so often the oath is taken amidst gathering clouds and raging storms. At these moments, America has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office, but because We the People have remained faithful to the ideals of our forbearers, and true to our founding documents.  So it has been. So it must be with this generation of Americans.  That we are in the midst of crisis is now well understood. Our nation is at war, against a far-reaching network of violence and hatred. Our economy is badly weakened, a consequence of greed and irresponsibility on the part of some, but also our collective failure to make hard choices and prepare the nation for a new age. Homes have been lost; jobs shed; businesses shuttered. Our health care is too costly; our schools fail too many; and each day brings further evidence that the ways we use energy strengthen our adversaries and threaten our planet.  These are the indicators of crisis, subject to data and statistics. Less measurable but no less profound is a sapping of confidence across our land - a nagging fear that America's decline is inevitable, and that the next generation must lower its sights.  Today I say to you that the challenges we face are real. They are serious and they are many. They will not be met easily or in a short span of time. But know this, America - they will be met.  On this day, we gather because we have chosen hope over fear, unity of purpose over conflict and discord.  On this day, we come to proclaim an end to the petty grievances and false promises, the recriminations and worn out dogmas, that for far too long have strangled our politics.  We remain a young nation, but in the words of Scripture, the time has come to set aside childish things. The time has come to reaffirm our enduring spirit; to choose our better history; to carry forward that precious gift, that noble idea, passed on from generation to generation: the God-given promise that all are equal, all are free, and all deserve a chance to pursue their full measure of happiness.  In reaffirming the greatness of our nation, we understand that greatness is never a given. It must be earned. Our journey has never been one of short-cuts or settling for less. It has not been the path for the faint-hearted - for those who prefer leisure over work, or seek only the pleasures of riches and fame. Rather, it has been the risk-takers, the doers, the makers of things - some celebrated but more often men and women obscure in their labor, who have carried us up the long, rugged path towards prosperity and freedom.  For us, they packed up their few worldly possessions and traveled across oceans in search of a new life.  For us, they toiled in sweatshops and settled the West; endured the lash of the whip and plowed the hard earth.  For us, they fought and died, in places like Concord and Gettysburg; Normandy and Khe Sahn.  Time and again these men and women struggled and sacrificed and worked till their hands were raw so that we might live a better life. They saw America as bigger than the sum of our individual ambitions; greater than all the differences of birth or wealth or faction.  This is the journey we continue today. We remain the most prosperous, powerful nation on Earth. Our workers are no less productive than when this crisis began. Our minds are no less inventive, our goods and services no less needed than they were last week or last month or last year. Our capacity remains undiminished. But our time of standing pat, of protecting narrow interests and putting off unpleasant decisions - that time has surely passed. Starting today, we must pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off, and begin again the work of remaking America.  For everywhere we look, there is work to be done. The state of the economy calls for action, bold and swift, and we will act - not only to create new jobs, but to lay a new foundation for growth. We will build the roads and bridges, the electric grids and digital lines that feed our commerce and bind us together. We will restore science to its rightful place, and wield technology's wonders to raise health care's quality and lower its cost. We will harness the sun and the winds and the soil to fuel our cars and run our factories. And we will transform our schools and colleges and universities to meet the demands of a new age. All this we can do. And all this we will do.  Now, there are some who question the scale of our ambitions - who suggest that our system cannot tolerate too many big plans. Their memories are short. For they have forgotten what this country has already done; what free men and women can achieve when imagination is joined to common purpose, and necessity to courage.  What the cynics fail to understand is that the ground has shifted beneath them - that the stale political arguments that have consumed us for so long no longer apply. The question we ask today is not whether our government is too big or too small, but whether it works - whether it helps families find jobs at a decent wage, care they can afford, a retirement that is dignified. Where the answer is yes, we intend to move forward. Where the answer is no, programs will end. And those of us who manage the public's dollars will be held to account - to spend wisely, reform bad habits, and do our business in the light of day - because only then can we restore the vital trust between a people and their government. Nor is the question before us whether the market is a force for good or ill. Its power to generate wealth and expand freedom is unmatched, but this crisis has reminded us that without a watchful eye, the market can spin out of control - and that a nation cannot prosper long when it favors only the prosperous. The success of our economy has always depended not just on the size of our Gross Domestic Product, but on the reach of our prosperity; on the ability to extend opportunity to every willing heart - not out of charity, but because it is the surest route to our common good.  As for our common defense, we reject as false the choice between our safety and our ideals. Our Founding Fathers, faced with perils we can scarcely imagine, drafted a charter to assure the rule of law and the rights of man, a charter expanded by the blood of generations. Those ideals still light the world, and we will not give them up for expedience's sake. And so to all other peoples and governments who are watching today, from the grandest capitals to the small village where my father was born: know that America is a friend of each nation and every man, woman, and child who seeks a future of peace and dignity, and we are ready to lead once more.  Recall that earlier generations faced down fascism and communism not just with missiles and tanks, but with the sturdy alliances and enduring convictions. They understood that our power alone cannot protect us, nor does it entitle us to do as we please. Instead, they knew that our power grows through its prudent use; our security emanates from the justness of our cause, the force of our example, the tempering qualities of humility and restraint.  We are the keepers of this legacy. Guided by these principles once more, we can meet those new threats that demand even greater effort - even greater cooperation and understanding between nations. We will begin to responsibly leave Iraq to its people, and forge a hard-earned peace in Afghanistan. With old friends and former foes, we’ll work tirelessly to lessen the nuclear threat, and roll back the specter of a warming planet. We will not apologize for our way of life, nor will we waver in its defense, and for those who seek to advance their aims by inducing terror and slaughtering innocents, we say to you now that our spirit is stronger and cannot be broken; you cannot outlast us, and we will defeat you.  For we know that our patchwork heritage is a strength, not a weakness. We are a nation of Christians and Muslims, Jews and Hindus - and non-believers. We are shaped by every language and culture, drawn from every end of this Earth; and because we have tasted the bitter swill of civil war and segregation, and emerged from that dark chapter stronger and more united, we cannot help but believe that the old hatreds shall someday pass; that the lines of tribe shall soon dissolve; that as the world grows smaller, our common humanity shall reveal itself; and that America must play its role in ushering in a new era of peace.  To the Muslim world, we seek a new way forward, based on mutual interest and mutual respect. To those leaders around the globe who seek to sow conflict, or blame their society's ills on the West - know that your people will judge you on what you can build, not what you destroy. To those who cling to power through corruption and deceit and the silencing of dissent, know that you are on the wrong side of history; but that we will extend a hand if you are willing to unclench your fist.  To the people of poor nations, we pledge to work alongside you to make your farms flourish and let clean waters flow; to nourish starved bodies and feed hungry minds. And to those nations like ours that enjoy relative plenty, we say we can no longer afford indifference to the suffering outside our borders; nor can we consume the world's resources without regard to effect. For the world has changed, and we must change with it.  As we consider the road that unfolds before us, we remember with humble gratitude those brave Americans who, at this very hour, patrol far-off deserts and distant mountains. They have something to tell us, just as the fallen heroes who lie in Arlington whisper through the ages. We honor them not only because they are guardians of our liberty, but because they embody the spirit of service; a willingness to find meaning in something greater than themselves. And yet, at this moment - a moment that will define a generation - it is precisely this spirit that must inhabit us all.  For as much as government can do and must do, it is ultimately the faith and determination of the American people upon which this nation relies. It is the kindness to take in a stranger when the levees break, the selflessness of workers who would rather cut their hours than see a friend lose their job which sees us through our darkest hours. It is the firefighter's courage to storm a stairway filled with smoke, but also a parent's willingness to nurture a child, that finally decides our fate.  Our challenges may be new. The instruments with which we meet them may be new. But those values upon which our success depends - honesty and hard work, courage and fair play, tolerance and curiosity, loyalty and patriotism - these things are old. These things are true. They have been the quiet force of progress throughout our history. What is demanded then is a return to these truths. What is required of us now is a new era of responsibility - a recognition, on the part of every American, that we have duties to ourselves, our nation, and the world, duties that we do not grudgingly accept but rather seize gladly, firm in the knowledge that there is nothing so satisfying to the spirit, so defining of our character, than giving our all to a difficult task.  This is the price and the promise of citizenship.  This is the source of our confidence - the knowledge that God calls on us to shape an uncertain destiny.  This is the meaning of our liberty and our creed - why men and women and children of every race and every faith can join in celebration across this magnificent mall, and why a man whose father less than sixty years ago might not have been served at a local restaurant can now stand before you to take a most sacred oath.  So let us mark this day with remembrance, of who we are and how far we have traveled. In the year of America's birth, in the coldest of months, a small band of patriots huddled by dying campfires on the shores of an icy river. The capital was abandoned. The enemy was advancing. The snow was stained with blood. At a moment when the outcome of our revolution was most in doubt, the father of our nation ordered these words be read to the people: "Let it be told to the future world...that in the depth of winter, when nothing but hope and virtue could survive...that the city and the country, alarmed at one common danger, came forth to meet [it]."  America. In the face of our common dangers, in this winter of our hardship, let us remember these timeless words. With hope and virtue, let us brave once more the icy currents, and endure what storms may come. Let it be said by our children's children that when we were tested we refused to let this journey end, that we did not turn back nor did we falter; and with eyes fixed on the horizon and God's grace upon us, we carried forth that great gift of freedom and delivered it safely to future generations.  Thank you. God bless you and God bless the United States of America."   "Well," says Obama "what do you think?"  The bartender ponders for a minute than says, "Overall, I liked it. But what was with that bit in the middle about Hookers and Mexicans??"  Obama cracks a smile and says:  "See, the thing is SHE was really Jose, and that wasn't a cigarette she was smoking!"  
(NSFW) Two penises A long time ago there was a God who had a son with two penises side by side to each other. His son would try to have sex but he could not because he had two penises and only one would fit in a hole. Suddenly he had an idea. Every night when everyone went to sleep, he'd sneak into their room and stick both his penises up their noses because the nose had two holes. He would then ejaculate. So the next time you have a runny nose you'd know why.
What is the difference between a gay guy and a fridge? The fridge doesn’t fart when you pull meat out.
If you're having trouble pooping, drink some prune juice Because then you'll be shitting pretty  *brought to you by Sean Connery*
A man, an ostrich and a cat walk into a restaurant... The man and his companions sit down at a table and a waitress walks over to them to take their order.  "I'll have a 16oz Steak with all the trimmings and a bottle of champagne." The man says.  The waitress nods and turns towards the ostrich, who seems confused.  "Oh! Uh, I'll, um... I want, uh, I dunno, uuuuuuhhhhhhhhh, I'll just have what he had."   Writing down the order again she looks to the cat.  "Yeah I'll have the same. But I'm not paying for it! I won't pay a single penny." He said as he turned his nose up at her.  The waitress smiles and walks off to the kitchen. She appears again later with three huge meals and 3 bottles of champagne.  After the man and his companions finish their meals the waitress returns to the table to ask him if there was anything else. The man said no and she went to fetch the bill.  "That'll be £166.95 please."  The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out £166.95 exactly in cash and places it in the waitress's hand.  Her eyes widen as she looks down at the pile of cash and change in her hands. She looks up at him in amazement.  "How could you possibly have the exact money ready for me?"  "Oh thats a funny story actually, I found an old lamp the other day. After I rubbed it a Genie promptly popped out and proclaimed he could grant me three wishes." Explained the man.  "And?" Urged the waitress.  "My first wish was to always have the exact money in cash readily in my pocket whenever I needed it." Said the man, triumphantly.  "And the second and third wishes?" Inquired the waitress.  The man pauses briefly and looks to his companions.  "I wished for a dumb bird with long legs and a tight pussy."
3 gay guys are discussing what to do with their dead lover's ashes... The first guy says that Peter would have wanted to have his ashes spread in the forest because he was such a down to earth person.  The second guy says that Peter would have wanted to have his ashes dumped in the ocean because his soul was pure and deep.  The third guy says Peter would have wanted to have his ashes put into a soup mixed with the hottest peppers and spices so he could tear our ass up one last time.
Some people mock me because I'm a virgin but I don't give a fuck  (This is probably a repost because it's so unoriginal)
I remember the last thing my grandfather ever said to me before he kicked the bucket... He said "Hey, how far do you think I can kick this bucket?"
Three guys in a car for get pulled over for speeding. So the office walk over to car and says, I have already made my quota so if the length of your dicks can reach 1 foot I won't give you a ticket. So the first guy pulls out is dick and it 6 inches, the second guy pulled out his dick and its 5 inches, the third guys say so are we splitting the tickets or am I paying for it. 
I'm back together with my transistor but I don't know how long it's going to last this time We have such an on/off relationship
Why do tampons have strings attached? So you can floss after you eat.   Alt ending:  So the crabs can bungee jump.
What do you call a dog with two vaginas? Snatches
Did you hear about the woman who got Alzheimer's after removing her breasts? She lost her mammaries
Two gay guys are having sex... ..the one on top has a sudden irresistible craving for a baloney and cheese sandwich. He pulls out and tells his parter "Don't move a muscle, I'll be back in a minute."  He rushes out and quickly eats a baloney and cheese sandwich, and comes back to his partner still on the bed, but with jizz everywhere.  "What the hell! I told you not to move!"  "Sorry, I farted."
I farted...want a spoon? "I farted...want a spoon?" "Why?" "SO YOU CAN EAT MY ASS!"
How do the Chinese name their children They drop silverware in the sink and listen to the sound it makes
What did the drunk penis say to the vagina? (warning this is an old ass joke I either found or made up, can't remember, but my friend did post this on his instagram after our conversation over it)  "I'm cummin' for ya!"
What did the Asian cannibal say to his friend? What's up, dog!
Happy Fathers Day to all you mother fuckers!
Feel Deeper!!! At big event this guy is carrying two plates of food from the buffet- one for his girl-friend and one for himself. As they enter the large hall to sit at a long table, everyone looks up and starts moving their chairs to make room for the couple to sit.  At the same time the girl says, "Honey, give me the keys to the car, I need to get something."  He looks at the plates in his hands and says, "Well, I can't give them to you right now... but you can reach in my pocket and get them."  Everyone is looking as she reaches into his pants. She smiles bashfully as she looks around and said, "I feel a little funny."  He replies, "Feel a little deeper and you will feel NUTS!"
A young man is in a terrible accident and as a result he loses one of his eyes.  He goes to see the optician and the Dr says "I'm sorry sir, but we're all out of new glass eyes, so we can only offer one of the old wooden eyes". The young man accepts and leaves the clinic. That weekend he heads to a local dance, everyone is dancing around and having fun except for one girl all alone, the man's friend spots her and says "go and ask her for a dance". The young man gets up the courage to head over and taps her on the shoulder: "Excuse me miss, would you like to dance?" The girl turns around and peculiarly has her mouth vertical instead of horizontal. She is overjoyed with being asked to dance and exclaims back "Oh wow, wouldn't I!" To which the young man yells back, "Oi, don't call me wooden eye, cunt mouth!" 
I watched a shitty documentary last night Pornstars with IBS
Why did the condom fly across the room? Because it got pissed off.
Sexism When I'm searching for a hero, that's fine.
What excites a Chinese politician the most? Getting erected
A Dutch, English and Chinese man wash up on an island A Dutch, English and Chinese man survive a boat accident and wash up on an island. They need food, water and supplies to survive the night.  The Dutch guys says that he will gather the food, the English man will get water and the Chinese man is send for supplies.  When the Dutch and the English man come back with food and water the Chinese man is nowhere to be found. They wait a bit till they can't wait longer and start preparing the food.  The Dutch and English guy start eating and out of nowhere the Chinese guy jumps out the bushes and shouts: " SUPPLIES ".
Pissing Contest A Man &amp; his Wife were arguing about who was better.... males or females.... the argument turned into a pissing contest... literally when the female claimed that she could piss higher up a wall than her husband could !  The husband being a man and loving a challenge accepted... so they went behind their garage... where the wife proceed to drop her pants and began to piss against the garage wall.  The man broke into hysterics when the best that she could do was only about 8 inches up the wall.  Next the man unzipped his fly... pulled out his "manhood" and just before he started his wife screamed, "Wait Honey..... No Hands !!!"
A black woman had 4 kids, why was she arrested? Forming a criminal gang.
A Brit &amp; an Aussie walk into the men's room and take a piss... As they finish, the Brit heads for the sink &amp; turns on the water while the Aussie heads for the door.  With a disapproving look, the Brit turns to the Aussie and says: "In England, we wash our hands after using the bathroom."  "No worries, mate;" answers the Aussie, " in Australia we don't piss on our hands."
Did you ever notice how men always leave the toilet seat up? That's the joke.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Megasaurass
Transportation is my specialty Specifically 4-7 year old girls, they call me the toddler fondler
Got told this at work today all the guys thought it was funny and so thought iI'dput it to the vote? What's the best part about having a hooker die on you? The second hour is free.
A Nazi and Jew walk into a bar.... Or was it a gas chamber i can't remember
Rattlesnakes and condoms Two things I don't fuck with
How many people does it take to screw in a light bulb? 2, but God knows how they got in there.
A man saw a lady with big breasts. He asked, "Excuse me, can I bite your breasts for $1000?" She agrees, so they go to a secluded corner She opens her blouse and the man puts his face in her breasts for 10 minutes."  Eventually the lady asks, "Aren't you gonna bite them?"  He replies, "No, it's too expensive."
"I don't have time for this shit!" I thought, as I sat on the toilet, angry, and late for work.
A defendant showed his small penis to the court to prove that he's innocent of rape The judge decided that it wouldn't stand up
How do you circumcise a whale? You send down four skin divers...
Don't have phone sex You might get hearing aids. 
What does a family reunion at the dinner table and a penis have in common? forced kin.  alternatively, 'force skin' is probably not a power that george lucas intended jedis to have.
What did the penis say to the condom? "Cover me. I'm going in." 
A father walks in on his son... A father walks in on his son masturbating. The father says, "Son, If you keep masturbating you'll go blind!"  The son replies, "Dad, I'm over here."
What do a moped and a fat chick have in common? Both are fun to ride but you'd never want your friend to catch you on one. 
Two gay men were on the aeroplane Bob and Steve were on an aeroplane. Bob was horny and asked Steve if they should start having sex. Steve of course refused because everyone would notice. Bob replied "No, don't worry. Look!" and he stood up and shouted "CAN I PLEASE HAVE A PENCIL" in which noone replied or even looked at him. The sleeping were asleep, the reading were reading. They both start having sex and sure enough, noone realised.   When the plane landed, an old man vomited. The flight attendance came over to clean it and asked the old man "Why didn't you ask for a plastic bag?" He replied "There was a man in front of me who asked for a pencil! And he got fucked in the ass!" 
What is a nickname for any black man? Tripod, because they have an extra leg..
What did the man do after he fucked the tightest pussy... ...put the diaper back on.
Does it mean you have a small dick if you never got a toothy blow job? No it doesn't I'm asking for a friend because I've never got one
In bed with my Japanese girlfriend In bed with my Japanese girlfriend when I happened to remark that her twat was getting a bit saggy .......... She lost it and said " Fack you maddafacka, why you always clittysizing me"!!!
I met Morgan Freeman When I was walking down the street I saw Morgan Freeman a few feet in front of me. I stopped what I was doing and yelled "Morgan! Morgan Freeman! I'm your biggest fan!" He looked at me and said "I'm not Morgan Freeman you racist asshole."  Classic Morgan, he's such a jokester
Three Japanese men moved to America Their names were Bu, Chu, and Fu.  Bu: Our names are  going to stand out...  Fu: Maybe we should change our names?  Chu: I know! I'll add a "ck." To the end of my name, that way my name is "Chuck."  Bu: And if I add a "ck." To the end of my name, my name will be "Buck."  Fu: I think I'm going to go home
How did Humpty Dumpty get ripped? Wall-sits.
Why didn't the toilet paper cross the road..? **Because he got stuck in the crack.**
Finding other gay guys is a lot like trying to find a job Your only option is looking online and it's almost impossible to get anything good.
I was fired from my job for placing the vegetables in sexually suggestive ways Apparently you can't do that if you're a specials-eds teacher
What do you call a shed full of black people? Antique farm equipment 
The pirate mechanic repaired my sex-bot. Thar, she blows. 
What do Asians do with their dogs? Take them for a wok
What does a man say after sex? Nothing, he's happy and content with life.
I'm not convinced faith can move mountains, but I know what it can do to skyscrapers. (Come on, it's been 15 years.)
Why was the skeleton gay? He came out of Hillary Clinton's closet!
A Girl was towelling her wet pussy. She enjoyed it so much that she began to rub it vigorously until the pussy cried "Meow" and ran away.  Moral Lessons  1. Be kind to Animals  2. Always keep your thoughts clean...
Hi, I'm a German and I'm getting really offended by these Holocaust jokes. My grandfather died in the Holocaust. He was stabbed by a Jewish crip he was trying to rape
What are condoms? Something your worthless fuckup of a father couldn't afford.
What's the difference between a golfer and a skydiver? A golfer goes *whack!* "Fuck!"  A skydiver goes "Fuck!" *whack!*
How many Sah Dudes does it takes to screw in a light bulb? None cause its already lit fam.
I tried this new oral contraceptive I asked a girl to have sex with me and she said no 
"Dad, whats the difference between a pussy and a cunt?" NSFW  ... a young son asks his dad.   "Look at this," says dad, as he lifts the sheets on his naked sleeping wife, "that there's a pussy, son."    "It's wonderful, dad! Wow! Ummm... Can I touch it?"   "No son!" says the dad. "If you touch the pussy, you'll wake the cunt up!"
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A RIP OFF!!!
Gay men make me puke I wish they wouldn't shove it down my throat.
What's the difference between kinky and perverted? Kinky is using a feather. Perverted is using the whole chicken.
What do you call an angry prostitute? Whoremonal.  
What's hitler's least favorite branch of government The Judicial Branch
I just found the Wand of Transfiguration! This changes everything!
Whats the diff between EROTIC and KINKY? EROTIC is when you use a feather. KINKY is when you use the whole chicken.
I like my women like I like my fields..... fertile and full of my seed
I like my Presidents like I like my porn saved
What's the worst thing about having sex with a Bulimic? She won't swallow
What do you call a gay doctor? A phag 
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb? 12  One to screw it in,  one to excoriate men for creating the need for illumination,  one to blame men for inventing such a faulty means of illumination,  one to suggest the whole "screwing" bit to be too "rape-like",  one to deconstruct the lightbulb itself as being phallic,  one to blame men for not changing the bulb,  one to blame men for trying to change the bulb instead of letting a woman do it,  one to blame men for creating a society that discourages women from changing light bulbs,  one to blame men for creating a society where women change too many light bulbs,  one to advocate that lightbulb changers should have wage parity with electricians,  one to alert the media that women are now "out-lightbulbing" men and one to just sit there taking pictures for her blog for photo-evidence that men are unnecessary.
The shutter speed of the iPhone 6's camera is so high... ...it can take a pic of a woman with her mouth shut
What is the difference between a Peeping Tom and a burglar? A burglar snatches watches.
Why couldn't the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
So, sex at my place? A boy says to a girl, "So, sex at my place?" "Yeah!" "Okay, but I sleep in a bunk bed with my younger brother, and he thinks we're making sandwiches, so we have to have a code. Cheese means faster and tomato means harder, okay?" Later on the girl is yelling, "Cheese cheese, tomato tomato!" The younger brother says, "Stop making sandwiches! You're getting mayo all over my bed!" 
My father has the worst financial planning ever, My name is ROI. 
Why is air like sex? Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
What do you call an attractive ghost butt that is at max poop capacity? Booootyfull
When I was 15 my dad bought me my first pack of condoms When they expired 5 years later he bought me my second. 
What's the difference between a joke and two dicks? Your mom can't take a joke.
What do you call a stupid piece of shit? A returd
How do you get a gay man to have sex with a woman? Take a shit in her cunt
If bullshit was a snowflake... I'd be in a fuckin blizzard right now
What do you call a gay piece of bread? A faguette
How did the astronaut lose his virginity? By venturing into the black hole.
Hitler was argueably the greatest person that ever lived... I mean he did kill Hitler
A British wizard walks into a gay bar... ...and disappears with a poof
How long does it take Han Solo to screw in a light bulb? less than twelve parsecs.
What's the diffence between a thong and a bandsaw? Nothing... Just one inch of a slip with your finger and you're in deep shit in both cases.
An Asian-American man walks into a barbershop... The place is empty, save for one employer, who is Asian.  The woman leads the man to a seat and asks what he wants.  "I'll have a brow-job please. Not too heavy though."  Almost immediately after he says his order, the barber unzips the mans pants and starts blowing him, an act which the man did not complain against.   After it was finished, the man rezips his pants and asks the woman "That was very nice and all, but I didn't really come here for a blowjob..."  The woman harshly replies "Yes you did! You came in here and you asked me to give you a browjob!"
Why are black people so good at basketball? Because all they know how to do is run, jump, shoot, and steal..
Rubix cubes are like penises... The more you play with them, the harder they get.
I saw a black man with a Blu-Ray player... I thought it was mine, so I called my wife making sure ours wasn't missing. Luckily, he was still at home picking cotton. 
I once accidentally sent a dick pic to everyone in my address book. It was embarrassing and cost a fortune in stamps.
My friend is a sex offender.  He never abused anybody, people are just offended at the thought of having sex with him. 
How can you tell if a tumblr user is gay? Don't worry, they'll tell you.  A lot.
What do you call a Mexican with a small penis? Juan-inch wonder.
What's the difference between a Priest and Acne? Acne waits until you're 13 to come on your face
A young woman walks into a pharmacy and asks for some condoms. Don't want to get pregnant? Says the cashier.  "Nope, my boyfriend doesn't want any shit on his cock."
What's sexist and not a concern for feminist? Misandry
Before I got on the toilet, I was trying to look for toilet paper... And I almost lost my shit.
Gay sex is a lot like a pantomime. He's behind you.
What's Hitler's least favorite planet? Jewpiter.
My grandfather got new pants the other day. I asked him how they fit... He said "Like a cheap castle."  Seeing the confused look on my face, he elaborated, saying, "No ball room."
What smells like shit, looks dead, and doesnt give a fuck? Gamers
How do you make your girlfriend scream while having sex? Call her and tell her.
So Brezhnev held a speech... After the speech, he heads to his secretary and proceeds to shout at him "I WANTED A 15 MINUTE SPEECH AND YOU PREPARED ME A 45 MINUTE SPEECH, WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?". The secretary remains calm, and proceeds to answer "Comrade Brezhnev, I handed you 3 copies of it"^I ^have ^no ^idea ^why ^this ^got ^the ^flair ^"dirty"
What didn't the Japanese understand nuclear missile technology? It was a little over their heads
A husband will only have sex with his wife on one condition A married couple of 20 years were as normal as could be, bar one little quirk the husband had in the bedroom.  He'd only have sex with the lights off.  The wife assumed he merely had some shame in the penile department, but she loved him, so happily obliged. An added bonus was that it felt like he was actually reasonably well-equipped downstairs, so everything was good.  However, 20 years of blind sex took its toll on her and their relationship. In the middle of one of their love-making sessions, the wife dived for the lamp and turned on the light.  She saw her husband with his pants on and a dildo in hand.  There was a brief moment of silence, then the wife sternly stated: "You have some explaining to do."  The husband looked her dead in the eye and said: "I'll explain this when you explain the kids". 
Why are homosexuals always happy? Cause they're gay (happy).
I had diarrhea and had some jalapeño sauce That came out badly
What's the difference between a black man and a bench? A bench can support a family of 4.
What did the geologist say at the Chinese restaurant? May I have Eurasian plate?
Why do black people love fried chicken? Because it's fucking delicious, you racist
Q: What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute? A: Your Job still sucks 
What does a junkie use for protection during sex? a bus shelter
I once farted in an apple store and people got evacuated.. ...because there wasn't any windows.
What do you call a woman with a purple vagina? Satisfied
Tyrone' s 1st day in the first grade, he comes home crying... When his mother asks why, he replies,  "The teacher told us to say our ABC's and all the little white boys could say them and I could only get to "E" why is that?"    Mom says, "Cause you black and they white."    Next day Tyrone is crying again .    "What's wrong today Tyrone?" His mother asks.    Tyrone said, "Teacher told us to count to 100 and all the little white boys did, but I could only get to 10. Why is that?"    Mom says, "Cause u black and they white."    Next day he comes home smiling.    "What happened today Tyrone?"    Tyrone says to his mama, "We went to the bathroom and my thing was biggest of all. Is that cause I'm black and they white?"    Mama says, "No Tyrone. It's cause u 17 and they 6."
What's the difference between a corvette and a blowjob? Your mom didn't give me a corvette
What did nazi pilots eat for breakfast? Luftwaffles
A screw walks into a bar He sits down and orders 10 shots of whiskey and an orange juice and vodka. He finishes the whiskey, but leaves the last drink untouched. Near closing time, the bartender asks why he ordered the drink if he wasn't going to drink it.  "Responsibility," he says. The bartender looks confused. "What do you mean?" "Well, after 10 shots of whiskey, a screw is going to need a screw driver."
What's the name of your penis? This guy walks into a bar and two steps in, he realizes it's a gay bar.   But, what the heck, he says to himself, I really want a drink.  Shortly, the gay waiter approaches, and says to the guy, "What's the name of your penis?"  The customer says, "Look, I'm not into any of that. All I want is a drink."  The waiter replies, "I'm sorry, but I can't serve you until you tell me the name of your penis. Mine, for instance, is Nike, for the slogan 'Just Do It.' That guy down at the end of the bar calls his Snickers, because 'It Really Satisfies'."  The customer looks dumbfounded, so the bartender jumps in and tells him he will give him a minute to think it over.  The customer turns to the man sitting to his left, who is sipping on a beer, and asks, "Hey bud, what's the name of your penis?"  The man looks back and says with a smile, "Timex."  The thirsty customer asks, "Why Timex?"  The fella proudly replies, "Cause it takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'!"  A little shaken, the customer turns to the fella on his right,who is sipping a fruity Margarita and says, "So, what do you call your penis?"  The man turns to him and proudly exclaims, "Ford, because Quality is Job 1." Then he adds, "Have you driven a Ford lately?"  Even more shaken, the customer has to think for a moment before he comes up with a name for his penis.   Finally, he turns to the bartender and shouts, "The name of my penis is Secret. Now give me a beer!"  The bartender begins to pour the customer a beer but with a puzzled look asks, "Why Secret?"  The customer replies, "Because it's 'Strong Enough For a Man, But Made For a Woman!"
Virgin Mary Mary is the only woman in the world whose hymen broke from the other side. That too by her son. 
What do sex in a canoe and American beer have in common? They’re both fucking close to water.
What kind of porn do ghosts prefer to watch? Boo-kake
A guy and his wife are eating at a Chinese buffet. The Chinese owner comes over and asks, "How you rike the meal?"  The guy says, "To be honest, the chicken is very rubbery."  The owner says, "Ooh, thank you!  Your wife very rubbery too!"
What did they name a mountain nobody gives a shit about? Moot Point
Why did Soviet dictator always drive an automatic transmission? He was always Stalin in his manual!
What's it called when Jewish people have sex in a church? Sinagogue.
The good news is my black girlfriend says I have mean dick The bad news is she's a mathematician.
I saw a cockerel in a store looking at the tomatoes, cucumbers and lettuce... I knew what it was - it was a chicken Caesar salad. (chicken sees a salad). 
You hear the one about the transgender student? He spent his Junior year a broad. 
How can I give myself a 12 inch penis? Fold it in half. ʅ(◔౪◔ ) ʃ
What do you call a barn full of black people? Antique farm equipment. 
Tips for sex.... should be called tit-bits
Who did Hitler rule Nazi Germany with? His Reich hand man
My father always told me one thing.. "Never trust a girl who enters though the exit."
you can't watch porn on the new iphone they took the jack off﻿
Proud Jamaican father A Jamaican man bought a round of drinks for everyone in the bar, announcing that his wife had just given birth to "a typical Jamaican baby boy weighing 20 pounds."   Congratulations showered him from all around, and many exclamations of "Wow!" were heard. A woman fainted due to sympathy pains.   Two weeks later, he returned to the bar. The bartender said, "Say, you're the father of the Jamaican baby who weighed 20 pounds at birth. How much does he weigh now?"   The proud father answered, "Fifteen pounds."   The bartender was puzzled. "Why? What happened? He weighed 20 pounds at birth?"   The Jamaican father took a slow sip from his Red Stripe beer, wiped his lips on his shirtsleeve, leaned into the bartender and said, "Had him circumcised."
Why did the masturbating murderer turn himself in? He came to his senses.
Negan wants 50% of your shit Even in the zombie apocalypse taxation is theft
I don't know why people are surprised when I tell them my Grandfather Made it out of Auschwitz. Most of the German officers did.
Why is it detrimental to have a robot with repressed sexual interests? It has some kinks to work out.
Guy walks into an amusement park ... and sees a big sign that reads, "Three balls 25¢" So he walks up to the lady behind the counter, pulls down his pants and says, "Ok, gimme a quarter."  
How Long is a Chinese Name? About wing long
Why are men sexier than women? Because you can't spell sexy without xy.
How do the Chinese name their kids? They throw silverware down the stairs.
So I tried to watch a porno featuring Donald Trump... but I couldn't get off, because he changed positions too often.
Why do feminists only drive cars with automatic transmissions? It pains them to have standards.
Buying Condoms.... A sixty year old man walks into a drug store and walks up to the girl at the checkout counter. He asks her, "Do you sell condoms here?"  "Sure. What size are you?"  "I don't know," he replies.  "Well, just let me check," the cashier says. She unzips his pants, takes a feel, and then says over the intercom, "Extra large condoms to the checkout counter please. Extra large condoms to the checkout counter."  A clerk returns with some condoms. The man pays for them and leaves the store.  Later, a thirty year old man walks into the store and up to the checkout counter. He asks the girl, "Do you sell condoms here?"  The cashier replies, "Sure. What size do you need?"  "Well, I don't know."  "Allow me to check for you," she says as she unzips his pants and takes a couple of tugs. She then says over the intercom, "Large condoms to the checkout counter please. Large condoms to the checkout counter."  A clerk returns with some condoms. The man pays for them and leaves the store.  Some time later, a eighteen year old boy, hoping to get lucky, walks up to the girl at the checkout counter and asks sheepishly, "Um, ah, do you guys sell condoms here?"  "Yep," she says. "What size do you need?"  "I don't know," he says nervously.  "Allow me to check for you," she says. The cashier unzips his pants for a feel, pauses for a moment and then says over the intercom, "Clean up at the checkout counter please. Clean up at the checkout counter." 
What do you throw on stage at a mouse strip club? Kraft Singles.
I was in the gents restrooms at the urinals with my whacky inventor friend when he told me that he'd installed a voice activated device on his penis to combat his mild incontinence by controlling the flow of his pee. I said "piss off!" and sure enough it stopped. 
PornHub recently had videos featuring Chyna on the front page and I decided to check some of them out... ...they weren't the finishing move I was looking for. 
Hitler Joke Hitler is smarter than you. At least he knew when to kill himself. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
What do you call a guy from Poland masturbating a Polish Pole Polishing
Why cannibals prefer to eat gay people? Because they have good taste.
My workplace scheduled Sexual Harassment Training. Needless to say, I was greatly disappointed.
Man has sex with a can of beans. He was porkin' beans.
What do you call a George Clooney sex party? A Georgy. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Q: What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%? Q: What food diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%? A: Her wedding cake.
How does Hitler give directions? He says "take the Third Reich".
I was in a near-sex experience. My wife flashed before my eyes.
Two gay deer walk out of a gay deer bar... Two gay deer walk out of a gay deer bar. One says to the other, "I had a great time in there, you?" The other deer responds, "Yeah, but I blew about 20 bucks."
How do you blow a tranny? Depends on your definition of a tranny 
A Chinese man, a Mexican man, and Donald Trump are on a plane over the ocean... The captain says that the plane is too heavy, and to throw something out the window (yes I realize that if somebody opened a window, that everybody would die, but for the sake of the joke, it wont). The Chinese man throw some noodles out the window and says "we have too much of this in my country". The Mexican throws some rice and beans out the window and says "we have too much of this in my country". Donald Trump throws the  Mexican out the window and says "We have too much of this in my country"
How many midgets does it take to screw in a lightbulb? It depends on how many midgets the lightbulb can hold
What do you call a dirty Chinese crab? A crusty asian
Got beat up by my gay friend today... Fruit Punch
What do you call a chinese jew? Oriental Cooking
What subject did the Warlock major in at University? Fel-osophy
Anyone else feel that Chris Hansen glorifies sexual predators? IDK, he's just always putting those guys on a pedo stool. 
My grandfather went to the doctor The doctor said he has the body of a 21 year old, who smokes, drinks, and does hard drugs.
Holding the door for an Asian gone wrong So this one time I held the door open for this middle aged Asian man at a grocery store. After he passed me, he said "sank you". As an American, infuriated, I punched the fucker right in the face. Bringing up pearl harbour down here in Florida? Not on my watch.  Side note: This is why we need a wall.
I just saw a guy running a race and masturbating at the same time. I wonder what place he'll come in.
What's speed of sex?  68 because at 69 she needs to turn around.
A boy tells his dad he recently lost his virginity... The father pulls two beers from the mini fridge and asks his son to grab a seat. The father hands his son a beer and says "my boy this a big day because you are now a man in my eyes. All the same, I am still your father and I want you to feel like you can ask me things if you need to."   The son, looking relieved, says "well actually dad, there was one thing I wanted to ask."   "Of course my boy," the father says, "ask away!"  "Well," says the son, "I was just wondering when my asshole will stop hurting."   I'm not sure if this has been posted before, but it's always been one of my favorites.
How many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb One. She just sticks the bulb in the socket and waits for the world to revolve around her
Someone recently got a penis transplant. What a dick move.
Why do black people have white hands They're always leaning on police cars
My Grandfather has hearing aids. He got it from phone sex.
What's the difference between a joke and hundred of penises Seriously I can't take this joke anymore 
What's the difference between J Lo and a pile of dead babies? I've never came on J Lo
A young man walks into a bar and orders four shots of whiskey... ...after checking his ID, the bartender starts pouring out the shots and asks, "you got some friends coming in behind you?" "Nope", the young man replies. "You celebrating something then?" "Yeah, something like that." The bartender, getting a little annoyed at the young man's coyness, responds, "Well, I'll bite. What are you celebrating?" Shyly, the young man replies, "my first blowjob." "Oh, man! Why didn't you say so?", the bartender exclaims. "I remember my first one. That takes me back! How about a beer on the house to help you celebrate yours?" The young man just shakes his head and says, "nah, if this whiskey doesn't get the taste out of my mouth, nothing will."
What do you call 200 white men chasing a black man? The PGA Tour.
Wanna see a joke? Look at your dick
What do you have when you've got a thousand Trump voters up to their necks in shit? Not enough shit.
How is a black man similar to an apple? They both look good hanging on a tree.
My Grandfather is deceased So I guess that makes me 1/4 Deceased? 
Air&amp;Sex Q: Why is air a lot like sex? A: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
Who's the fattest Knight at the round table? Why? Circumference. Because he ate too much pi.
I was having sex with this girl, and she said some other guy's name. I was pissed. Who the fuck is Rape?
Be sure you lock your doors and windows at home... Be sure you lock your doors and windows at home.   A local man was murdered in his home over the weekend.   Detectives found him face down in the bathtub.   The tub had been filled with milk and cornflakes, and a banana was sticking out of his ass.  Police suspect a cereal killer...
I was watching some porn with a plot the other day It was pretty Fucking stupid
Joe the Big Balls  is a bull in a ranch.As his name suggests he got huge balls and he fucks not only the cows in his ranch but cows in all nearby ranches. Cows are big fan and mad about him .And they always cheering  "Big Ball Joe! Big Ball Joe!" when he shows up. One day one of the farmers pissed of and fenced around all of his ranch. But nothing can stop Big Ball Joe especially when all the cows cheering for him from the other side of the fences.  Joe runs and jumps over the fences at once. Cows turns mad. All ranch echoes with the cheer as always, "Big Ball Joe! Big Ball Joe" . Walking towards the cows, Big Ball Joe says "No.It's just Joe".
This guy goes to the doctor and says, "Doc, you've got to help me! My penis is orange!" The doctor says, "Well, what do you do for a living?" The man replies, "I'm unemployed. I just sit at home all day eating Cheetos and watching porn."
Dont you ever watch puppy porn! You dirty petophile 
What’s the difference between dances and balls?   I’ve never held dances on my chin.
Trying anal is like Washing dry hands with wet soap...  ...it doesn't feel the same, but its getting the same job done...
I normally don't get a boner at Burger King But when I do, its a whopper.
My Asian friend tried being white on his Oculus Rift He said it was a very eye-opening experience
What does the fox say? Fuck you, we won the Premier League
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off.
When do you kick a midget in the balls? When he is standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice   
How do you get a fat girl into bed? Piece of cake
What is a clowns fart made of? Laughing gas.
The god Thor is bored one day and decided to try out having sex with a mortal woman... He heads down to earth and finds a beautiful young woman. Pouring on the charm, he convinces her to go to bed with him. He goes back to her place and enjoys her in every possible way, absolutely plowing her with all his god-like strength and endurance. 7 hours later, he rolls off. She's laying there, gasping and panting, shaking, and exhausted from the most incredible sex she's ever had in her life. She can't even speak. All she can do is stroke his chest with a trembling hand. He understands her point, though. He was amazing.  "I've got a confession to make," he says. "I'm actually Thor."  "You're thor!? I'm tho thor, I won't be able to thit down for a week!
I run a support group for sex addicts They're all in the other room sitting in a circle...  OH MY GOD
Paris Jackson just got a tattoo in honour of her father... It's bad. 
"There are nine holes on a chair. A man sat and farted. Which hole did the fart go through?" The asshole.
Whats the difference between boobs and batteries? If they're AA, at least batteries have something positive
What's the difference between pizzas and vaginas...? ...Crust on a pizza is nice...
Tits are like lego bricks It hurts if you step on them. 
You know what they say about disabled porn... If she ain't got legs it looks like I ain't standing up either
Q: How do you make five pounds of fat look good? A: Put a nipple on it.
What did Euler see in the toilet? Natural log
A man and woman getting ready for their first intimate moment The man removes his shirt and the woman notices bright red spots  she asks "what happened there?"  Man replies "ah, these are lover spots."  "Do you mean liver spots?" She asked  "No, they're LOVER spots"   She shrugs it off and he continues to undress. He takes his pants off and she notices many scars on his knees   She asks "what are those?"  "Oh these scars are from when I was younger and got the kneesles"   Confused she said "I think you mean the measles"  "No no, they're from kneesles"  He continues to take off his underwear and before he could explain she quickly says "oh I know this one! Smallcox right?!"    
The punchline to that invisible penis joke was great I didn't see it coming
Wife asks husband how to make boobs bigger  A self-conscious wife asks her husband, "Honey, are my boobs too small?"  "No, honey, they're fine, but if you want to make them bigger, why don't you rub toilet paper between them?" he suggests.  For the next couple of weeks, the wife rubs toilet paper between her boobs several times a day, but sees no results.  "Honey, where did you get the idea that this toilet paper thing would work?"  "Well, you've been rubbing toilet paper on your ass all these years and that's getting bigger."
A man went to see his therapist about his psychotic fantasy of making love to the members of Jersey Shore .. "So, why did you come see me today?"  "Well, while I was at work, I couldn't stop imagining having sex with the cast of Jersey Shore!  It was awful, and I got nothing done that day!"  The psychologist stroked his beard in deep thought.  "You must understand," the psychologist replied, "that these are just fantasies.  But carrying them out to make these feelings go away is obviously not advised, since this is rape."  "Yeah, I understand."  The man moaned in defeat as he put his head in his hands.  The two sat in silence for a moment, until the psychologist had a brilliant idea.  "I think I can help you get over these perverse fantasies, but you must follow my every word.  Do you accept?"  The man nodded his head, and the psychologist began to walk the man through the procedure.  "Imagine that you're in front of a sprawling mansion, and the entire cast of Jersey Shore is standing in front of you."  "No ... this is too hard."  the man responded, trying to imagine with his eyes closed.  "You must continue, or these fantasies will continue.  Now, the cast is unaware of your existence.  They are busy playing volleyball in the pool, enjoying themselves."  The man was wincing, trying to suppress his base desires.  The psychologist knew he had to act quickly or this therapy session would be all for nothing.  "Now," said the psychologist, "insert yourself into the situation!  Are they looking at you now?"  The man opened his eyes, shook his head in surprise, and asked the psychologist, "Hold on!  Didn't you say that was rape?"
Father loses custody of his handicapped son He couldn't make the downs payment
Who is the son of my father and my mother, who is not my brother? Me
I want to die like my Grandfather: Sleeping and peaceful Not like his co-driver, panicked and screaming 
Did you hear about the Chinese cook strike? It was a wok off.
The World Trade Center had a Speed-Reading club they went thru fifty stories in thirty seconds
We're having sex on a yacht. You could "come along", if you catch my drift.
Is Hitler blind? Because he can Nazi you. 
A man walks into a library and says to the librarian, "Do you have that book got man with small penises?" The librarian looks on her computer and says "I see that book on /r/jokes everyday!"  Edit: Autocorrect fucked the title :)
How do they practice safe sex in Scotland? They brand the sheep that kick.
What do you call a Japanese woman who enjoys sex?  A MISTAKE!!!
What does the country of Brazil and tent sex have in common? Camp penis.
The other day the lifeguard told me to stop peeing in the pool... I got such a fright I nearly fell in. 
A cute girl at the bar told me her exes called her 'chipmunk' because she loved having balls in her mouth. Needless to say, I went home with her for the night. She definitely lived up to the nickname. I just wish she didn't bury them in the backyard afterward. 
A dog takes a poop on the carpet The owner runs in and says "WHAT THE FUCK GET IN YOUR CAGE"  The dog then takes a piss in the owners mouth  The owner swallows and says "mmmm that's good."  The owner then gets on all fours and starts eating the dogs shit and he says "YES I LOVE IT"   Then they create a business secretly selling dog shit and piss posed as chocolate and lemonade.   The end.
Incest is a lot like... Incest is a lot like peeing in the shower. If you don't participate, you find it revolting. If you do, it probably just seems normal and is something you just grew up doing.  
Guys who reading this probably has their dicks named after Bill Gates' company.... Microsoft.
They say a man thinks about sex every 8 seconds Gay couples must have a lot of sex... 
Whats the difference between Usain Bolt and Hitler? Usain Bolt can finish a race
Did you know Japanese goddess Izanami was a Nazi? Just read her name backwards!
What do Southerners and the Chinese have in common? They eat rice and worship their ancestors.
What do you call pierced breasts on an Arab woman? Shish-kaboobs
What did Jenna do when she realized Hitler's motivations weren't completely insane? Jenna sighed.
I tried to set "donaldtrumpspenis" as my password on a website... The website said I needed a capital letter, a number, and a special character.
The sooner Trump can get this wall up to stop all these immigrants from stealing our speeches I'm sure the safer we'll all feel I wrote 93% of this joke with just a little help
France is such a shitty country Even the nice parts are rundown 
What illness causes breasts to grow all over your body? Heap-a-tities.
I'm tired of this one night stand mentality in college... I have multiple lamps and alarm clocks, I need at least two night stands.
Zoo guide Kid = How long is the giraffe neck?  Zoo Guide = Long as fuck  Kid = Yeah,but how many feets?  Zoo Guide = It has 4 feets and long as fuck neck
Did you hear about the poop that went to Hollywood to become an actor? Okay, so, there was this piece of poop who felt stuck in a rut in his hometown of Anywhere, USA, and dreamt of getting out and making a name for himself.   He was working at a dead-end job, had few friends, and spent far too much time alone at home watching netflix and surfing the net. He'd work all day, drink all night, and do it again the next day.  Over time, things got worse and worse, and then one morning after an especially heavy bender, he slept through his alarm, and showed up to work late and hungover, and his boss fired him on the spot.  "Maybe this could be an opportunity," one of his friends said. "You hated that job anyway - maybe this is your chance to follow your dream."  The poop thought about this, and decided that yes - he was going to turn his life around, leave this podunk town, and travel to Hollywood, California, and become a great actor.  He sold enough of his belongings to afford a ticket to California, and left the next day with nothing but the shirt on his back.   When he arrived in Los Angeles, he got straight to work looking for auditions. He tried out for every part he could find, but no one cast him. He went from studio to studio looking for something - anything - but the casting directors simply weren't interested in hiring a piece of poop.  As the days went by, the rejection was beginning to wear on him, as he was only eating what scraps he could find, and was sleeping outside only long enough for the cops to tell him to move along.  It was about a week later, and the piece of poop was at the only studio he had yet to try, hoping even for just a part as a background extra. Anything to get his foot in the door.  When the casting director saw him, she wouldn't even listen to his audition - she just said they weren't interested.  The poop had had enough. "Not interested? Let me tell you what I'M not interested in. I'm not interested in breaking. I'm not interested in giving up on my dreams. I'm not interested in accepting that I'm not worthy because of what I look like, and I'm not interested in going back to a life I hated because you're too closed-minded to see GREATNESS when it's staring you in the face!"  The casting director was just about to call security, when there was a knock on the door.  "Excuse me," said the man at the door, "I was walking by, and couldn't help overhearing. It's been a long time since I've seen anyone with this much passion. You have something special, kid - I think you have the potential to be one of the real greats in this business."  "Who are you?" asked the poop.  "I'm the President of Movies," said the man. "and I'm about to make you a star."  The poop went along with the president down to his limo, and the two did lunch to discuss what sort of projects would be best to collaborate on. The poop had some great ideas, and the president knew just the people to bring in to make them happen.  The poop's first film was a blockbuster hit. The second was even bigger. The third became the highest grossing movie in history. Everyone in America fell in love with Hollywood's newest A-lister.  But so much fame so fast went to the poop's head. He started getting in to the celebrity part lifestyle, drinking, doing coke... The paparazzi began following him around to see if he'd do something crazy.  Then one night a young man approached the poop while he was out partying at the club.  "Yo, I'm a huge fan. Can you sign my DVD?" the young man asked.  "Beat it, kid, can't you see I'm trying to snort coke off this stripper's ass?" said the poop.  "What the hell? It'll only take a second. Come on, sign it!"  "I said GET OUT OF MY FACE!" yelled the poop. A crowd began to gather around as the paparazzi snapped photos left and right.  "You know what, poop? Get flushed!" the young man said as he picked up a glass of water and threw it at the poop.  And that's when the shit hit the fan.
Why is your shit tapered? So your asshole don't slam shut.
What did the man (who could ejaculate for hours on end) say when he finally got his revenge? It's been a long time coming 
Why don't black people dream? The last person that said "i had a dream" got shot
What does a Rubik's cube have in common with a penis The more you play with it, the harder it gets.
A black man and a white man go into a bakery The black man immediately steals three pastries and puts them in his pocket.  He says to the white, "See how good I am? The owner didn't see a thing." The white man says to the black man, "That's typical of you black people. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result."  He goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick."  The owner immediately calls the police and arrests both the guys. He then asks the black man to empty his pockets. His warez are discovered and both the white and black men are charged for stealing. The white man is surprised and asks "how the hell did you know I was going to perform this trick?"  The owner replies, "because I read this joke every fucking day on this sub".
An uneducated father with his educated son went on a camping trip. They set-up their tent and fell asleep. Some hours later, the father woke up his son. Father- Look up to the sky and tell me what you see. Son- I see millions of stars. Father- And what does that tell you? Son- Astronomically, it tells that there are millions of galaxies and planets. Father slaps the son hard and says- "Idiot, someone has stolen our tent"  MORAL: Too much education can spoil our common sense. ����
The blonde woman goes to see the gynecologist... She says to the gynecologist "I've got stamps from Honduras coming out of my vagina.  The gynecologist, confused, takes a look. After he removes the remaining stamps he says "Madam, those aren't stamps from Honduras. Those are banana stickers."
A Black,White, and an Asian are in a Car A Black, a White, and an asian are in a car. There driving along the highway when they hear a siren behind them. They pull over and its the cops.  The cop walks up and says" Do you know how fast you were going."  Asian:No Cop: Me neither, I just really wanted to pull someone over.  The cop was thinking of something to get them in trouble for. He glanced at the Asian and said" If your penis's don't measure up to 12 inches then your going to jail for 5 years." The white guy and the asian both looked at the black and said we one. They did measure their penis's. The black guy measured at 6 inches and said "you guys are lucky I'm black." The White guy measured in at 5 inches and said" You guys are lucky I use penis growth pills. The Asian measures in at 1 inch and says" You guys are lucky I had a boner."  
How is sex like air? It's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
Girl, are you a useless, obscure and unimportant punctuation mark? Because I want to interro-bang you
Warning: Game of Thrones Spoilers Will make your car look fucking stupid
How do you get dick from Richard? You ask nicely.
How do you know if a Chinese person robs your house? Your homework is done, your computer is upgraded, but two hours later, the fucker is still trying to back out of your driveway. 
What's the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms? One is a Goodyear and one is a great year
A Nympho Walks Into a Sex Toy Store... While the owner is out to lunch and says "I've tried everything: The Magic Mike, the Clarence Thomas, the Milton Berle. None of them are big enough. Do you have anything else?"  The clerk thinks a minute,  goes into the back. "this is completely unique, and self-warming with a patented clit loop. The boss was saving it for herself but I feel bad for you. I'll let you have it for $300."  The nympho leaves and the boss comes back and asks, "how was business while I was gone?"  "Great! I sold three butt plugs, one strap-on kit, and your Thermos."
I wanted to have sex with my girlfriend, but she was on her period... so I had to pull some strings. 
I said to my neighbour Jamal... I said to my neighbour Jamal, "You're like marmite, you know Jamal."  He replied, "What? You love me or hate me?"  I replied, "No, you're black and you fucking smell."
What did the leper say... What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip! 
I went to the doctor yesterday I told him my penis suddenly turned into a tiny green ball. He said I may have peacock syndrome.
Why did the shower heads at Auschwitz have 11 holes? Jews only have ten fingers.
How any hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? It's a really high number, you've probably never heard of it.
What kind of porn do astronomers like? Black holes and white dwarfs.  
My dad is pissed at me for eating all his protein bars... I tried to stop but they're whey too good.
Whats the difference between Trump and Hitler? About 70 years
What's the difference between a gay guy and Hitler? About 45 degrees
An old man died while having sex. (NSFW) He really went out with a bang.
How many minutes equal one orgasm ? One eight year old.
I was gonna tell a gay joke... butt fuck it.
What's thr difference between the chinese and racism? Racism has many faces.
Catholic boys don't wank... The priests do it for them.
What is the difference between jam and jelly? I can't jelly my dick up your arse.
What do colleges and penises have in common? They're both long and hard, unless you're Asian.
Sex is easy... Telling your dad he's pregnant isn't. 
Why do lesbians shop at Sports Authority? Because they don't like Dick's.
A white man, black man, and Santa Claus enter a hotel. (Mild Cursing) A white man enters a hotel asking for a room for the night. The person at the front desk says, "We have one room left but it's haunted." "I don't believe in ghosts." The white man replies and goes up to the room. He unlocks the door enters and hears, "I'm the ghost of Mable fable cut off your balls and lay em on the table." The white man quickly runs out the room and leaves.  A black man enters the same hotel a bit later and approaches the front desk. "I'd like a room for the night." He says. "There is one room left but it's haunted and has scared off one person already." The guy at the front desk says. The black man replies, "I am not afraid of ghosts!" He proceeds up the stairs and enters the room hearing. "I'm the ghost of Mable fable cut off your balls and lay them on the table." Getting spooked he quickly rushes down the stairs and leaves.  Santa Claus enters the hotel half an hour later and approached the front desk whilst requesting a room. "There's one room left and two people have been scared off." The man at the front desk replies. "Just give me the room." Santa says and heads up to his room. He enters and hears, "I'm the ghost of Mable fable cut off your balls and lay them on the table." Santa replies, "I'm the ghost of Christmas past touch my balls and I kick your ass. 
Christians are the gayest people I know  Hey, nothing's more Christian than accepting the body and fluids of another man into your mouth.  EDIT: If anyone's butthurt (heh), I'm talking about Communion.
What is Hitler's favorite drink? genocider 
Never use a chinese handcuff on your pecker. It's hard to get off.
A priest checks into a hotel A priest checking into a hotel says, "I want to make sure the porn in my room is all disabled". The kid at the desk gives him a puzzled look, "We only got regular porn here you sick fuck!"
A man confronts his father After years of therapy a man has a break through and confronts his father.  **Son** Father, I have been in therapy and realized that you have almost never told me the truth about any thing.  **Father** Well, son, I must admit, looking back, it is true.  **Son** ALMOST ALWAYS, Except, oddly, when ever you had just used the bath room.  **Father** Again, It seems like you found me out.  **Son** But why only then!? It is the question that sent me to therapy in the first place!  The father looks at his grown son quizzically and responds  "I thought that was obvious, those were the only times I wasn't full of shit." 
What do you call and overweight Mexican swimming? Moby Spick
Why Marxists are not good at object-oriented programming? They don't get the concept of classes​​!
Sex after surgery... A surgeon went to check on his patient after an operation. "You'll be fine," he said. She asked ... “How long will it be before I am able to have a normal sex life again doctor?" The surgeon seemed to pause, and a small tear ran down his cheek from the corner of his eye, which alarmed the girl. "What's the matter, Doctor? I will be all right, won't I?" He replied ... “Yes, you'll be fine. It's just that no one has ever asked me that after having their tonsils out."
What comes out my ass and smells like shit? The jokes on this subreddit
Not Your Father's Root Beer Me: Hey dad. Is this yours?  Dad: No.
What do you call a black man that summons the dead? A Nergomancer
What did the Chinese man say when ophthalmologist told him he had a cataract? *No, I have a Rincoln Continental!*
Why are all black people so fast? Because the slow ones are in jail
A son asks his father 'what's a joke?' 'It's when you disparage any group with whom you disagree, confirming the existing bias of you and your audience.'  'But Mum says jokes satirise our shared biases, prompting us to think differently.'  'Well what would she know, women aren't funny.'  'Oh dad, you've got such a good sense of humour. I wonder why Mum divorced you?'
Grammar Nazi. "Sir, we are mining too many useless cores" [Hitler rubs chin] "So, mine less. [Grammar Nazi bursts through the door] "MINE FEWER!" [Hitler looks up] "Yes, soldier?"
I want to die like my grandfather . ..peaceful . . . ready to go. Not kicking and screaming like the passengers in his car
What's the best part about having sex with a gilf? You can finger her and grab her titties with one hand at the same time. ;)
Tits are like lego bricks No matter how many sets you've had, you're always intrigued by a new set.
Why do asians squint all the time? Because nukes are so bright
Chinese elders dildo SHITTY SHITTY SHITTY
Hotel porn A father checks into a hotel with his children and whispers to the clerk, "I hope the porn is disabled." The clerk replies, "It's regular porn, you sick fuck."
What do you call someone whose GPA is greater than the number of inches their dick is? Asian
Football is like sex By the end of it you'll be bruised, battered, and sore; but hey at least your dad came.
Jesus was gay. He was nailed by 3 guys.
How are spinach and anal sex alike? If you were forced to have it as a kid, you probably won't like it as an adult
A rapist made a pornhub account... His porn/stage name was Ben Dover
Why did the man wear a diaper to the bar? So he could save his stool.
What's the difference between oral sex and anal sex? Oral sex makes your day; anal sex makes your hole weak.
I wonder if Hitler ever thought... "Crap, did I turn the oven off?"
Is it appropriate to force an adult to wear diapers? Depends.
What time is it in Ireland when someone farts too much? Two-forty (use an Irish accent)...   It's two-farty
Porn stars' favorite drink? 7-Up 'n cider.
Wife: Tell me how many women you fucked during your 5 year trip. Husband: None!  Wife: For every one that you tell me I'll give you a hundred dollars   Husband: I don't need your 36000 dollars!
How do you know if an Asian is depressed? All around them are familiar faces, worn out places, worn out faces.
Top 10 celebrities who lost their virginities Young A boy is watching a YouTube video with his mate called "Top 10 celebrities who lost their virginities Young" when the videos over the boy turns round to his mate and says, "they left one out and this girl is a celebrity for losing her virginity young" his mate asks  "Who is it?"  The boy replies Maddie McCann
My daughter is now at the age where she is asking embarrassing questions about sex. This morning she asked, "Was that the best you could do?"
An Anus gets into a fight with two guys at a bar he rectum 
What is an SJW's favorite subject? Trigonometry.
A man asks his friend "Does your wife shout during sex?" "And how!" answers the friend "I can hear her from the bar!"
I bet a girl that I could touch her boobs without touching her for $5. Paid her the $5 after I touched her boobs. 
A girl asked me if I would like to see her pussy... ...and then she showed me her cat!
My father sent me this today.. A woman with a minor injury was at the hospital because her doctor said she wanted to take a closer look at it to make sure everything was all right. The woman's husband sits patiently in the waiting room.  After a few minutes, the doctor comes out and asks her assistant for a wrench, which understandably concerns the husband.  Then, after a couple more moments, the doctor re-enters the room, this time asking for a screwdriver. The husband grows worried and begins to pace in circles.  Then, a little later, the doctor bursts through the doors screaming for a hammer and at that, the husband, in a state of frenzied fear, runs up and asks, "Doctor, what the heck is wrong with my wife?"  "I don't know yet," replies the flustered doctor, "I can't get my damn bag open."
Mi dick is like a cold day in Europe... It is 9 but feels like 5. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I found a Pokemon at the strip club It was called a Stankepuss 
Im eating out this old lady... Im eating out this old lady and i start to taste horse seamen, at that moment i think, " oh grandma, thats how you died"
Why did the pervert cross the road? His dick was stuck in the chicken.
[offensive] Why didn't Hitler become an artist? Because he hated mixing colors...
What's the best part of bartending at a gay bar? You only have to know how to make girl drinks.
How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister in the jaw.
What's the similarity between a gay man and a tumbleweed? They both blow and blow until the get stuck on a fence in Wyoming.
My girlfriends father calls me a pedophile when she's 20 and I'm 25 I don't understand, she's going to be 22 in two months
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off.
Legos are a lot like boobs. They're meant for kids, but Dad always ends up playing with them
I like my sheds the way I like my strip clubs... ...dark and full of hoes 
Hall of Mirrors Porno... On his screen, he sees a guy, similar to himself, jacking it to porn. On that guy's screen, he sees yet another man, even more similar to himself, jacking it to porn. He wonders: "F**k, what's behind me?"
Difference between Potential And Reality An 8 year old son asks her dad, "What's the difference between 'Potential' and 'reality?'" Dad turns to wife, "Would you sleep with Barrack Obama for $1 million?'' Wife answers, "Of course, I will never waste that opportunity." Dad turns to daughter, "Would you sleep with Brad Pitt for $1 million?" Daughter answers, "Yes! He is my fantasy." Dad turns to elder son, "Would you sleep with Tom Cruise for $1million?" Eldest son answers, "Why not? Imagine what I would do with that money." Dad then turns to his youngest son, "You see son, 'Potentially' we are living with three millionaires BUT in 'reality' we are living with two prostitutes and one gay boy.
What do you call a hooker with no legs? Open 24/7 365!!!!
How do you know if your room mate is gay? his dick tastes like shit
Hitler was a charitable guy. He backed Japan when they needed help in WW2.
What does sex have in common with a savings account? You lose interest once you make a withdrawal
Don’t sleep with politicians.  They all have aides.
A Chinese man is feeling sick. He calls into work and tells his boss he is feeling ill and won't be able to make it in today.  "When I am feeling down, I go to my house and sleep with my wife.  It always makes me feel better," the boss says.  "Ok I will do same,". The Chinese man says.  Later that day, the boss gets a call.  ". I did what you ask.  I feel lot better now."  "Good," the boss replies.  "By the way, your house is very nice."  The Chinese man said.
In 1839 an Arab man made the first condom The condom was made of goat intestines.  In 1844, a British scientist revolutionized the condom by removing the intestines from the goat first
I saw two really fat people today talking... Looked like a heavy discussion
How many Vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb? YOU'LL NEVER KNOW!! YOU WEREN'T THERE, MAN!!
I've been writing a joke about the whites, blacks and asians... But it's a bit racey.
How many Anime characters does it take to screw in a light bulb? Only 1, but it takes them 15 episodes to do it.
Family Vacation A family went on vacation. When they got to the hotel the father tells the desk clerk "I'd like the porn in the room to be disabled"  Clerk: "Sorry, we only have regular porn you pervert"
Hey guys, don't you just hate it when you're woken up in the middle of the night for sex? can't wait to get out of prison. 
How do I know God doesn't hate fags? On the 7th day he actually said "anybody got a light?"
A couple goes to marriage counseling A couple goes to marriage counseling for one last effort to save their marriage.  The counselor asks what the main problem seems to be.  "We disagree on everything. We basically have nothing in common"  The counselors thinks for a second and says "Well this is easy enough. Let's find something that you both have in common."  The husband pipes up, "Well neither of us suck dick."
A fisherman catches a shark... as soon as he pulls him up the shark starts yelling "wait wait wait... I'm a magic shark, I can grant you wishes if you let me go.   "Alright" says the man, "i want my penis to reach the floor".   So the shark ate his legs.
How many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Hippies don't screw in lightbulbs...they screw in dirty sleeping bags.
Your momma's so fat, she's like the negative cosine of X... They both go down after pi
If your name is Susan, I surmise you're lazy. If your name is Tom, I posit you're a peeper. If your name is Jason, I automatically assume... YOU'RE A CUNT!!! NO! SERIOUSLY, FUCK YOU, JASON!!!
If a porn star takes a vacation, Do they consider it a leave of abstinence?
A man trips over a boat paddle on the pier and breaks his arm. The paddle says to him... "Don't worry, I'm a docked oar!"
The sex shop downtown is really creepy... ...it gives me the willies.
What's the difference between an epileptic cornhusker and a hooker with diarrhea? An epileptic cornhusker shucks between fits. 
How do they separate the Men from the Boys in the Navy? With a crowbar.
A girl ask her mom how much she weighs The mom replies, "That is not a question you ask other people." As the girl is walking to school her friend recommends looking at her mom's drivers licence because it has all her mom's  information. The girl then proceeds to look at her mom's drivers license and then reproaches her mom and says "you weigh 135lbs! And you are also 5' 6" tall." The mom replies "you're correct" the girl continues to say "I also know why daddy broke up with you!" The shocked mother then inquires how the little girl knows. The little girl says "Because you got an F in sex!"
The other day I took a dump, then did some drugs, then went for a bike ride. Then I saw an environmental poster that said "Reduce, Reuse, Recycle" - so I did it all over again. 
I have recently been saving up for a sex change I don't care what my wife thinks, she is going to have it 
Up votes are a bit like my sex life. It doesn't happen.
What can you tell a black kid to do? Go visit his family tree.
And on Good Friday, I'm once again reminded that I'm a lonely virgin. Even Jesus got nailed today.
What do boobs and margaritas have in common? One is not enough and three is to many
What do you call a Chinese underage hooker? Sum Yung Ho
Did you know that my dick is a comedian? He practices his stand up routine on your mom every other night.
If girls didn't exist... ... then life would be a real pain in the ass.
If a girl has sex with many guys, she's called a slut, but if a guy does the same... ... he's called gay.
Remember when I pissed off Apollo? Those were dark times.
I had sex with Adele last night... I was rolling in the deep.
I caught my Grandma sucking my Grandad's cock last night. A bit weird, since I thought they buried it along with the rest of him.
Did you hear about the black boy with with diarrhea? Everyone thought he was melting.
A gay is told by the doctor he has AIDS. He asks if there is anything he can do to help it. The doctor replies "Go to the Indian around the corner and order the hottest curry they have. Then go to the pub and drink two pints of ale. After this you want to go home and eat as much fruit as possible." The man replies "Will that help?" The doctor tells him "No, but it will teach you what your arsehole is really for."
A guy asked his roommate for help unclogging the toilet. The guy walks up to his roommate and says "Dude, I just took a massive dump and clogged the toilet. Can you help me unclog it?" His roommate said "Why can't you do that yourself?" To which he responded "I've never done it before. Just help me out man" The roommate reluctantly agrees and proceed to the bathroom to help him out. He looks at he toilet and just stares at it for a few seconds. The guy asks him "Well, what are you waiting for?"  "Hold on, I need to get my glasses. I can't see shit"
How does Google translate "ten dead American cops" into any other language? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
What do crocs and getting a blowjob from a man have in common? They both feel great until you look down and realise you are gay.
An Italian guy is on vacation in Sweden... One night he meets a gorgeous girl in a bar and after a night of heavy drinking, he takes her to his hotelroom.  They have great sex, he has an amazing orgasm and after his cigarette he asks her: 'You finish?' She shakes her head, so he braces himself and goes at it again.   This time he takes longer, and after he cums he asks her again: 'You finish?' Again, she shakes her head, so he decides to go down on her. She screams and moans, and after a while he comes back up and askes her again: 'You finish?'  'No!', she says, 'I'm Swedish.'
Do you know what the difference is between a joke and a dick? Girls never laugh at my jokes.  :-(
A man drives to a gas station with the sign "Free sex with every full tank". The man fills up, goes inside and asks the guy inside for his free sex. The attendant says "Tell me a number between 1 and 10", "7", "That was close, it was 8, better luck next time."  Next week he tries again, and he chooses 2 and close but no free sex. Keep on trying is the attendant advice. The man returns to his car and later shares his disappointment with a coworker.  "But don't you realize" says the coworker "that this is a marketing ploy, and you are never going to win at it?" "I'm not stupid." says the man, "And I know it's not just a ploy, because, three times in a row now, my wife has won it".
What do you with an elephant with three balls? Walk him and pitch to the Rhino.
There are three fourth graders, a white boy, a black boy, and an asian boy. Who have the biggest dick? The black kid. Cause he's 21.   People here get butthurt by the simplest jokes. Good lord.
Why couldn't Hitler fly a plane? Because he could Nazi very well.
Whats the best thing about having sex with twenty nine year olds? There are plenty to choose from
Did you know chickens die when they have sex. At least they do when I fuck 'em. 
A man walks to my checkout lane with his girlfriend to buy a box of small size condoms While ringing him up, I ask how the small size feels. "Just ring me up." the guy snapped. I replied "shut up, I'm talking to your girlfriend."
Why do black people play basketball? Because it teaches them how to shoot, run and steal.
Two elderly couple who have Alzheimers just finished having sex Male : Was it good? Female : I can't remember Male : Who are you?  Sorry for the formatting sent this via my phone
Do all black people have a problem with slavery? Or just mine?
Two nuns are walking in a forest. Two nuns are walking in a forest. All of a sudden two maniacs attack them and start sexually abusing them. One of the nuns says :   • Oh god... please forgive them! they don't know what they are doing!   The other nun turns around and says :  • Mine does! 
Guy gets pulled over for SPEEDING. Late one night a man is driving down the road, speeding quite a bit. A cop notices how fast he is going and pulls him over. The cop says to the man, "Are you aware of how fast you were going?"    The man replies, "Yes I am. I'm trying to escape a robbery I got involved in."    The cop gives him a skeptical look and says, "Were you the one being robbed?"    The man casually replies, "No, I committed the robbery."    The cop looks shocked that the man admitted this. "So you're telling me you were speeding...AND committed a robbery?"    "Yes," the man calmly says. "I have the loot in the back."    The cop begins to get angry. "Sir, I'm afraid you have to come with me." The cop reaches in the window to subdue the man.    "Don't do that!" the man yells fearfully. "I'm scared you will find the gun in my glove compartment!"   The cop pulls his hand out. "Wait here," he says.   The cop calls for backup. Soon cops, cars, and helicopters are flooding the area.   The man is cuffed quickly and taken towards a car. However, before he gets in, a cop walks up to him and says, while gesturing to the cop that pulled him over, "Sir, this officer informed us that you had committed a robbery, had stolen loot in the trunk of your car, and had a loaded gun in your glove compartment. However, we found none of these things in your car."    The man replies, "Yeah, and I bet that liar said I was speeding too!" 
Made this up two days ago: What did the French guy say when a bird pooped on him? I have Grey Poupon me
How did the gay guy sneak into his partner's house? He used the backdoor
What makes for a great relationship but a shit gaming partner? Someone who goes down a lot.
Why do cops hate overly dramatic porn stars? Because they never come quietly
What's the first sign of AIDS? A pounding sensation in the ass.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
A 95 year old former Nazi is being brought into court due to his involvement w/ the holocaust He admitted to working at a concentration camp, but him admitting that he worked as an oven operator probably didn't help him reduce his sentence.
School Subjects Come To Life One day all of the school subjects came to life and announced themselves to the world.  The first subject was Math, who came out with a cheerful attitude and full of curiosity.  The second subject was English, who came out all proper, correcting everyone's grammar.  Third came Philosophy, who came out with wonder of the world around him, and questioning his very own existence.  And after a while, lastly came Middle Eastern Studies, who came out sobbing out of control.  Everyone asked the other courses why it was so sad.  To that they replied, "Well, it is a sensitive subject." 
Why doesn't Hitler run a marathon? Because he can't finish a race.
After a blowjob, my girlfriend looks like a Magikarp... Flopping on the ground, mouth wide open, choking to death. 
A little boy says to his father: dad, i saw a meaty, wet, hairy spot between moms legs, is that what is called the cunt? The father replies: no son, that's a pussy, everything else around it is the cunt.  
My Asian girlfriend So my Asian girlfriend and I are getting pretty serious so we decided to get a dog together. And honestly it's better than you would think
A guy told me he didn't have a penis I doubt he gets cocky often.
The rabbi really messed up that circumcision... It was a total rip-off. 
I'll never get a girlfriend that doesn't suck.. Either she'll suck for me, or she'll suck because she won't.
How many times has Sir Richard Branson had sex? 0 times he is a virgin...      Get it?  No   Okay    I'll show myself out.
The invention of the condom... About fifty years ago, a guy from New Zealand invented the condom by using the intestines from a sheep.  Ten years after, a bloke from Australia re-invented it by first taking the intestines out of the sheep.
How many teenagers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None because it's already lit fam  ^I'm^^so^^^sorry
Why did the physicist masturbate to the electron? It was in the excited state.
Why are Black People's hands and feet white? Because everybody has to have a little good in them. 
My Grandfather died during World War 2. Horrible skiing accident.  
Why Do women wear panties with flowers on them? In loving memory of all the faces that were buried there. 
What's the worst part about breaking up with a Japanese person? You have to drop the bomb twice before they get the message.
What month does Hitler hate the most? July
What did the Father Buffalo say to his boy as he was leaving for college? Bi son   (dangit, not sure how I tagged it dirty. Submitted on my phone through BaconReader) 
A doctor was running a final test to determine whether the treatment for his psychiatric patients works or not So the doctor brought the 3 patients to an empty pool and asks all of them to jump into the pool.  The first one without hesitate jumped and landed face first thus considered fail.  The second one took a step back, and looked at the doctor, and he said 'doc I cant swim, I might drown'. The doctor asked him to jump, and he jumped. Thus failed too.  The last one refused to jump and the doctor actually thought he had passed the test. The doctor forced him to jump and yet he still refused. Feeling that he might just have cured the last patient's insanity, he asked 'why dont you want to jump?'  The patient dipped his finger into the non-existent water and said to the doctor seriously 'The water is fucking cold!'
A person walks into a library and says to the librarian, "do you have that book for guys that have small penises?" The librarian says, "I believe that isn't in yet."  "Yeah, that's the one!" the man replies.
A young teenage boy realizes that he has an extra testicle... After learning at school that having 3 testicles is actually abnormal he grows very self-conscious about it and wonders how he will tell his father. He finally musters the courage to bring it up and says, "Dad, there's something I have to tell you: between you and me we have 5 testicles." The dad responds, "what? you only have one!?"
Two gay guys were walking along a street one day Two gay guys were walking along a street one day when a particularly handsome man walks past. "Hey Fred," says one of the gay men, "That bloke's a great fuck."  "No shit" says the other  "well, not much."
I never understood why Bill Clinton felt the need to cheat on Hillary . . . After all, she's proven to be great at getting sex offenders off.
I have a genetic diarrhea disease... The shit runs in my family.
What did Scooby Doo ask Shaggy for to order online porn? A Reddit card
Easy way to search your wife. A man approached a very beautiful woman in the large supermarket and said, "I've lost my wife here in the supermarket." "Can you talk to me for a couple of minutes?" The woman looked puzzled. "Why talk to me?" she asked. "Because every time I talk to a woman with tits like yours, my wife appears out of nowhere!"
I wanted to upload the Mexico-Chile game to PornHub... ... but PornHub said they don't accept rape. 
Why are black people so tall? Their knee grows
How many remain voters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? I don't know, but I have no confidence in Jeremy Corbyn
Two flies are sitting on a piece of shit One fly passes gas and the other looks at him, "Come on man, I'm eating over here!"
What do you get when you cut yourself while having sex with a member of Queen? Band Aids
I still remember my grandfather's last words before he kicked the bucket He said "Hey wanna see how far I can kick this bucket?"
Incest A game so fun , the whole family can play it !
MY GIRLFRIEND FINAL SAID YES TO ANAL!!! (NSFW) I'm kind of scared though, the strapon looks huge!
Condoms prevent pregnancy.. and other STDs.
Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack? He only comes once a year.
Why is life like a penis? Because Women make it hard!   
What's the difference between married western world sex and married Arab world sex? In western world you fuck your wife's pussy in Arab world you fuck your own pussy.
Father's Day is.......... nine months after Mother's night.
A Swedish crew is landing a plane The descent itself goes like it always does, but the breaks just barely make the plane stop before exiting the allowed area, inciting an audible gasp from the passengers.  "That was a God damn short runway, I say!", exclaims the pilot.  The co-pilot gestures towards the sides and continues "Yeah, and look how fucking wide it is."
(NSFW) Coors Light is like having sex in a canoe. Fucking close to water. 
What's the best reason to date a pornstar? You never have to meet her father.
Have you met the two gay Irish men? Michael Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzmichael
A Chinese man immigrated to America He moves into an apartment, and after all of the stress of moving he doesn't feel like cooking.  He heads down to his local sandwich shop and decides to order a meatball sub, a fountain drink, and a salad.    When the guy receives his order, he says to the clerk "Oh, I would like some blue cheese."  The clerk responds "Sorry sir, this is Quizno's not Bruchi's"
What's the difference between Sarah Palin's mouth and Sarah Palin's vagina? Only one retarded thing came out of her vagina.
A guy says to a girl, "Wanna hear a joke about my dick?" A guy says to a girl, "Wanna hear a joke about my dick? Nevermind it is too long." Then she says to him, "Wanna hear a joke about my pussy? Nevermind, you won't get it."
My girlfriend is really loud during sex. I don't know why, she knows nobody is coming to help her. 
Why are black men taller than white men? Because their knee grows.
I identify as a sexual atheist With a strong belief that I will never get laid.
The other day I was eating out my grandma, and I tasted horse cum. That's when I realized... That's how she died
What's the difference between batman and a black man One can go into the store without robbin 
Sexual Harassment joke Every day at the office, a male co-worker walks up very close to a lady standing at the coffee machine, inhales a big breath of air and tells her that her hair smells nice.  After a week of this, she can't stand it anymore, takes her complaint to a supervisor in the personnel department and states that she wants to file a sexual harassment grievance against him.  The Human Resources supervisor is puzzled by this decision and asks, "What's sexually threatening about a co-worker telling you your hair smells nice?" The woman replies, "It's Keith, the midget." 
Trumps penis is so big... That on a (qwerty) keyboard it stretches all the way from A to Z
Porn I watch so much porn, my screen saver is windex.
How many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb? None. They just beat the walls because they are black 
Two Italian virgins get married. On their wedding night, they just look at each other, clueless. Finally the man gets an idea. He calls his mother, hoping to get some advice. She tells him, "Just both of you get completely undressed, and then what you need to do will be obvious."   So the couple gets undressed, but they are still clueless about what to do next. The man calls his mother again. Exasperated, she says, "Just stick the longest part of you into the hairiest part of her!"   A moment later, the mother receives another call.   "I've got my nose in her armpit. Now what?"
My sex party was a big disappointment... Nobody came.
Don't be stingy when it comes to getting a circumcision. I got one cheap and it was a total rip-off.
Steven Moffat and George RR Martin walk into a bar Everyone dies.
my wife made this joke in response to Wonder Bra Joke I told my wife the joke "... its called a wonder bra because you wonder when her bras come off" and she tells me that is so mean.  She also tells me, "do you know why girls keep giving blowjobs? its because they're so disappointed. So disappointed because it just can't be that small."
Why aren't there any Jewish gangsters? Because they don't "come from the hood"
What's better than roses on your piano? Tulips on your organ.
What was Hitler's favorite letter? Not z!
Fucked a girl with one leg once... Should've used my dick ��.
Did you hear about the suspicious vagina? It smelled 'fishy.'
A beloved UPS man was moving away in his local neighborhood and he was doing his last deliveries... the first home he went to a red head answered and gave him a card and a hug saying how much he will be missed and the best of luck! He gave her the package then and moved onto the next house. A brunette opened the door and kissed him on the cheek and a card saying he will be missed and the best of luck! The UPS man then gave her the package and went to his last house he had to deliver. A blonde opened the door, grabbed him by the collar and took him to her bed where they had wild sex all night. The next morning, the UPS man was sitting at her table and noticed a card with $5 in it. He asked the blonde what the card and money was for...   She replied, "Oh, that is for you, I told my boyfriend that the UPS guy was moving and all the neighbors are giving him something. So my boyfriend told me, 'Fuck him! Give him a card and $5!'."
I like my coffee like I like my slaves... free
Translation of an old Yiddish Joke... One day in Czarist Russia, a poor old man and his very young daughter were on their way to town. They put all of their possessions in the back of a donkey driven wagon in hopes of selling some of them to make money. As they were traveling, up the road they saw a small group of Cossaks. They braced themselves expecting the worst. Inevitably, the Cossaks ride up to the wagon and begin harassing the old man his daughter. Eventually, the Cossacks knock the old man and his daughter off the cart and ride off with the Donkey and Wagon.  The old man sits on the side of the road and begins sobbing...  Daughter asks, "Papa, papa, what's the matter?"  To which the old man responds,"Don't you see? They've taken everything we had!"  "Not everything...", The daughter responds, to which she takes out a small rolled up cloth, which she unrolls to reveal some jewelry and gems.  The old man's eyes widen, "How did you manage to hide that?"  She answered, "When I saw them further up the road, I took them, rolled them up in this cloth and hid them in my crotch."  To which the old man starts crying hysterically...  "Papa, what's wrong now?"  "Oh if only your sainted mother were still alive...we could have saved the whole wagon!"
What’s the difference between dances and balls?  I’ve never held dances on my chin.
How do we know the toothbrush was invented in west virginia? if it was invented anywhere else it would be the teethbrush  idk how this got a dirty label
What's the difference between an epileptic cornhusker and a hooker with diarrhea? One shucks between fits...
What's Hitler's favorite species of shark? The Great White.
The father walks into the church and sees 4 sisters... He asks what they are waiting for and they say they are there to confess their sins. The father tells them to come one by one, so the first one approaches and says:  "Father, forgive me for my sin. I touched a male's genitals using my left hand."  So the father thinks and says:  "Go there and wash your left hand with the holy water."  And the sister goes and washes her left hand with the holy water.  The second one approaches and says:  "Father, forgive me for my sin. I touched a male's genitals using my left hand and I rubbed it a little bit."  So the father thinks and says:  "Go there and wash your hand with the holy water. Don't forget to rub your hand in the water too."  And the sister goes and washes and rubs her left hand with the holy water.  Then, he realizes that the 3rd and 4th sisters are arguing. Father asks what is going on.   The third one tells the father that the fourth sister is trying to take her spot. The fourth one desperately goes:  "Father, I just wanted to gargle before she washes her ass."
A businessman had been away from home for a looooong time. So, he goes to a brothel and tells the head madam: Listen, I'll give you $200 if you find me a decent girl who can give me an average fuck. The madam told him that for that amount of money she would get him a hot girl who would give him a helluva fuck to which the businessman says: but you don't understand. I'm not horny. I'm just homesick
What's the difference between President Obama and a bucket of shit? The shit's in a bucket ! *that redneck spit noise followed by a ting* 
What is a Nazi's favorite bird? Q: What's a Nazi's favorite bird? A: Austrich
I'm ugly and fat! Your mom shouted.
What's the difference between a northern fairytale and a southern fairytale? A northern fairytale begins "Once upon a time ..." A southern fairytale begins "Y'all ain't gonna believe this shit ..."
Anyone want to rent my mom's basement for the weekend? I just listed it on Airdnd.
What does Donald Trump have in common with hookers? Other than the same STDs... They'll both keep fucking you until you run out of money!
Mrs. Jones A little boy wakes up in the middle of the night scared and bursts into his parents room while the are having sex.  The mother is riding on top of the father bouncing up and down as the boy bursts in.  The mother thinks quickly rolls off the father covering herself and explains to the confused boy that daddy's belly has too much air in it and she is just bouncing it out.  The little boy says mommy you are wasting your time, Mrs. Jones is just going to blow him back up again!
What do spinach and anal sex have in common? If you were forced to have it as a child, you'll probably hate it as an adult
3 friends are boasting about their grandfathers' most unusual talents.. James: Do you know my grandpa's unusual talent? He can drink one liter of water in one breath. Yep, that's how talented he is.   Jeff: You call that a talent? You're grandpa has nothing on mine. Can your grandpa sleep while standing? When my grandpa feels sleepy, he just closes his eyes while standing and instantly falls asleep on the spot; without leaning on any support.   Steven: Your grandpas are such untalented piece of shits. My grandpa brushes his teeth while smoking a cigarette.   Jeff: Is your grandpa retarded? It would be impossible to not get the cigarette wet!   Steven: Oh he does it easily. He removes his dentures first.
Cops are like spiders. They prevent bad things, but no one wants them around. People are scared of them. Most mind their business and do their job - but the few which are threatening terrify us, even though they are only a threat to black people. Wait, no... that last part only applies to cops.
A black man dies and go to heaven A black man dies and goes to heaven, he sprouts his wings and flies to go talk with God. He says to God, "yo dawg, I can't believe I'm an angel, thanks g" and God goes l, "man, you're not an angel, you're a bat."
Two flies were over a piece of shit First one farts. Second one goes: "How disgusting of you to do that over food!"
What do you call a kinky spy? James bondage 
Kids walks in on parents having sex A kid walks by his parents room and sees his parents having sex. The dad notices his son standing there so he just winks and keeps on going. The next day the dad walks by his sons room and sees his son plowing into grandma. The kids turns to his dad and says " not so funny when it's your mom is it?"
What do you get when you cross a black father with a cow? You can't. There are no cows in jail.
What's the difference between an oral and rectal thermometer The taste 
The EU is much like a bad fart. Better out than in.
What's the difference between an onion and a hooker? I don't cry when I cut up the hooker 
What did the dick say to the condom? Cover me, I'm going in!
What's another name for a teepee? Injinuity
Are you my daddy? Tell this joke to a pregnant woman/expectant father or new mother/dad:  A freshly born baby looks up at the nurse delivering it and asks "Are you my daddy?"  (suspend disbelief of talking newborn) "No, I'm the nurse" she smiles and hands the baby to the doctor. The baby looks up at the doctor and says "Are you my daddy?" The doctor smiles and says "No, I'm the doctor" and hands the baby to the father. The baby looks up at the father and says "Are you my daddy?" And the father smiles and says "Why YES.  YES, I am your daddy!"  "So how does this feel asshole!"  [Poke the joke recipient several times in the forehead with your finger]
Two nuns are driving through a forest at night. A vampire suddenly appears out of nowhere and jumps onto the bonnet of their moving car. Sister Catherine shouts in a panic "Quick Sister Mary! Show it you're cross" Sister Mary winds down her windows and roars "Feck off you stupid arse!"
For me, racism is the same as masturbating. I don't approve of it, but I'm pretty damn good at it.  (Credits to Ronald Goedemondt)
you know how Hitler used to tie his shoes? In little nazis
My grandfather told me today, "Your generation is too reliant on technology."... ...again. He has memory problems. I should probably stop unplugging his life support...
What do you call an overweight star wars fanatic who drinks too much coffee? Java the Hutt
What do you get when you cross a retard with a gang banger? Someone who sprays graffiti on chain link fences.
What's the best part about having sex with sixty-nine year olds? There are sixty of them. 
What do you call a shed full of black people? Antique farm equipment
I was going to make a gay joke But fuck it
How many black men did it take to rape the white woman? 0 She is a lying bitch.^don'tberacist
What did the gay paraplegic take for heartburn? Rolaids
A mother, father and son are at the beach. Mommy's sunbathing while daddy goes for a walk. The kid goes to his mother and says; "Mom, some of the ladies on the beach have bigger boobs than yours. Why is that?"  She thinks for a minute and says;"Well, the bigger the boobs, the dumber the lady."  The kid goes off and comes back again a while later: "Mommy, mommy. Some of the men on the beach have wieners bigger than daddy's."  "Well, same rules apply, the bigger it is, the dumber the guy attached."  The kid goes off again, then comes back.  "Mommy mommy!"  "What is it?!"  "I just saw dad talking to the dumbest girl on the beach! And the longer they talk, the dumber he gets!"
How do you know a Black woman is pregnant ? The cotton in her tampon is picked 
How do you have gay sex in space First planet then prepare Uranus and then you wait for your black hole to be filled
How many frames per second does it take to screw in a light bulb? 30 because that's peasants work.
Some of the jokes on this page are so dark I'm surprised they haven't been shot yet 
What do you call 100 black people on a plane to Africa? A good start.
My favourite sex position is the JFK I splatter all over her while she screams and tries to get out of the car.
I'm all for gay marriage... As long as both women are hot.
An average person loses virginity at the age of 17 I always knew I was above average
Why do black people smell? So blind people can hate 'em too!
The cabride. My husband and i were dressed and ready to go out for a lovely evening of dinner and theater. Having been burgled in the past, we turned on a 'night light' and the answering machine, then put the cat in the backyard. When our cab arrived, we walked out our front door and our rather tubby cat scooted between our legs inside, then ran up the stairs. Because our cat likes to chase our budgie we really didn't want to leave them unchaperoned so my husband ran inside to retrieve her and put her in the back yard again.  Because i didn't want the taxi driver to know our house was going to be empty all evening, i explained to him that my husband would be out momentarily as he was just bidding goodnight to my mother. A few minutes later he got into the cab all hot and bothered, and said (to my growing horror and amusement) as the cab pulled away.  "Sorry it took so long but the stupid bitch was hiding under the bed and i had to poke her arse with a coat hanger to get her to come out! She tried to take off so i grabbed her by the neck and wrapped her in a blanket so she wouldn't scratch me like she did last time. But it worked! I hauled her fat arse down the stairs and threw her into the backyard....she had better not shit in the vegetable garden again."
Cardiac transplant surgeons Really have a heart for their patients.
Why are most male squirrels gay? Cuz they love nuts!
So two guns are hanging out, "shootin' the shit"... When one gun says to the other,  "Damn dude, those are some nice bullets, where'd you get them?" the second gun says, "In some old magazine I found."
After a plane crash, only one woman and two men survived and are lost on a virgin island... ...so they start organizing their new lives, because they have no hope of ever seeing help. While one of them is in charge of hunting and picking fruits, the others build a house, etc.  One day however, the woman decides to convoke both men and expose her frustration:  "It's been so long since any of us had sex, and I think it's driving us crazy" *both men nod* "and, given the circumstances, I feel like we could all use some good sex. So here's the plan: I stay with you *pointing at the first man* for five days, then you *pointing at the second* the next five. And repeat."  Everyone seems satisfied with this turn of events, and life happily continues on the island. The survivors even built a second house, so that each man would have his and not interfere while the other was "busy" in the other house.  However, one day, as worse came to worst, the woman suddenly died of a tropical illness.  Both men then meet, and, in a very sad mood, look at each other: "Hey man, it's gonna be tough, but I really can't live without the sex anymore." "Yeah, we need to find something" ... "So, you for five days, me for the next five, repeat?..." *the second one sadly nods*  And so, life continued, surely, far less fun than before.  Many weeks after this discussion however, both men once again discuss: "Man, I'm sorry, but I can't take it anymore, we need to do something!" "I was about to propose the same thing..."  "Where should we bury her?"
What do you call it when a king rips a fart?.. Air to the throne.
You know what the best part about being intimate with twenty eight year olds is? The fact that there are twenty of them
What's the difference between an epileptic corn farmer and a hooker with diarrhea? One has to shuck in between fits... the other has to fuck in between shits.
A man has a 16 inch penis and a speech impediment He goes to the doctor because his wife is getting hurt in bed. "D-d-doctor, c-can you p-p-please make m-m-my p-p-p-p-p-penis smaller?" The doctor says "Sure i can, we can do it right now!" So he goes through the operation and they're in the recovery room the man says "Wow doctor, this surgery even made my speech impediment go away, thank you!" So a few days pass and the man returns to the doctor "Hey doc, i love being able to speak well but my wife isn't having as much fun in bed. I'd like my old penis back" the doctor says "Well th-th-that's t-t-t-to bad f-f-for y-y-y-y-ou!"
What's the difference between a dog and a black man ? Your dog doesn't start singing when you chain it up at night.
What do you call a fancy toilet? A dapper crapper
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb? 2 but how did they get in there?
My doctor wrote me a prescription for dailysex But my girlfriend insists it says dyslexia.
Why does Bank of America not have a backspace on the ATM keypad? Because America is never wrong.
Father's day in the forest Two middle aged trees, a beech and a birch, are standing in the forest one sunny day and spot a sapling off in the distance growing strong.  They start arguing about whose son it must be.  Hearing the commotion, a woodpecker flies over and after learning what they are arguing about agrees to investigate for them.  The woodpecker flies over to the sapling and can be seen and heard pounding away on it for about 15 minutes.  Then the woodpecker flies back to the two older trees and says "Gentlemen, that is neither a son of a birch, nor the son of a beech; but it is the best piece of ash I've ever sunk my pecker into."
How much lube does the Hamburglar need to fuck his kinky girlfriend? About a quart to pound her with cheese.
A man walks into a library and says to the librarian, "do you have that book for men with small penises?" The librarian looks on her computer and says, "I don't know if it's in yet." "Yeah that's the one"
He Who Farts In Church... ...Sits In His Own Pew.
You what's great about dick jokes? They're just so easy to slip in there
While conducting drills up in a mountain, a soldier gets bit on his penis by a rattlesnake... The platoon was split into pairs for these drills, and while climbing the mountain, one of them yells out to his partner: "OUCH!! A snake just bit me on my dick! Quick, run down for help!!"  So the other soldier runs his ass down the hill and finds his Lieutenant and explains the situation. The Lieutenant tells the soldier "Okay listen, we fucked up and didn't bring any medical supplies, so you're gonna have to run back up there, locate the wound, and suck as much of the venom out - that's the only way you can save that soldier up there, so GO - NOW!!"  The soldier who got bit is on the floor writhing in pain and he sees his partner walking up casually, taking his sweet time. He says "About time you got here! What did the Lieutenant say?"  The other soldier replies "Sorry bro, he said you're gonna fucking die!"
A husband comes home to find his wife with her suitcases packed in the living room... A husband comes home to find his wife with her suitcases packed in the living room. "Where the hell do you think you're going?" he says. "I'm going to Las Vegas. You can earn $400 for a blow job there, and I figured that I might as well earn money for what I do to you free."  The husband thinks for a moment, goes upstairs, and comes back down, with his suitcase packed as well. "Where do you think you going?" the wife asks. "I'm coming with you...I want to see how you survive on $800 a year!!!"
I really didn't like dick at first... Then it grew on me.
A trump supporter, a Mexican, and an Asian person are on a plane when it starts going down The pilot says that they need to throw out something that they already have a lot of. The Mexican throws out a bag of tortillas, the Asian person throws out a bag of rice, and the Trump supporter throws out the Mexican.
How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister in the jaw 
Quick Joke # 3 Husband is praying before going to bed... Wife: What are you praying for? Husband: For guidance. Wife: Pray for hardness. Leave guidance to me!!!
I sexually identify as a brick. I'm always hard and I've only been laid once.
There were three POWs together in a British prison in the Second World War, a German, a Japanese, and an Italian. The British began by torturing the German. After long hours of silence infected by bloodcurdling screams, he talked, and was sent back to the prison, ashamed. He told the others what he had done and urged them to be stronger than he was.  They next began torturing the Japanese man. Through all the pain and agony, he stayed strong for three days, but in the end, talked. He was sent back to the prison, having brought shame to himself, his family, and his country.  They finally sent in the Italian. For an unending three weeks, they tortured him, until they realized if they did anything else to the poor man, he would die, so they sent him back. When he got back to the prison cell bloody and battered, the other POWs asked him, "So? Did you talk?"  "How could I talk with my hands tied behind my back?"
My dick is like a dollar bill... About 6 inches long, 3 inches wide, and you should wash your hands after touching it
What's the difference between Usain Bolt and Adolf Hitler Usain Bolt can finish a race.
Let me introduce you to bukkake: A lot of people stand around you and jerk off while pointing their penises at your face... ... you get the jizzed.
A boy admits he is gay to his parents. His father looks him in the eyes and says, "I'm disappointed in you, son." He then reaches into his wallet, takes out a 20$ bill, and hands it to the mother. "That's 20 bucks I'm not getting back thanks to you."
John murders his wife Shortly after he is hiding the body and his neighbor, Jeff, comes round and sees what’s happening. John quickly tackles Jeff to the ground and ties him up.   “Please” Jeff pleads, “let me live and I won’t tell a soul.”  Knowing Jeff was a man of his word and not wanting to have two murders on his hands, John let’s Jeff go free.   A few months later after a policy enquiry John is called into court for murder. As he walks in he sees Jeff in the witness stand and looks at the Judge.   “Fuck” he whispers to his lawyer.  “What’s wrong?” the lawyer asks  “I made that witness promise he wouldn’t tell a soul about what he saw.   “So what’s the problem?” the lawyer asks again  “The judge is a fucking ginger.” 
A dairy farmer was offering "free haul you own fertilizer." I asked him how much can I have.  To which he replied "A shitload"
I measured my penis today and it said 11.7 inches. Then I realized the ruler was backwards.   Credit to /u/TodoJaw21
Went down on my girlfriend... I went down on my girlfriend only to realize that she was on her period. Boy was there egg on my face.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip off.
Someone called my shirt gay today... True. It just came out of the closet today.
Animal: Sea Cucumber Description: fat and cu-cumbersome.
A father and daughter are walking in the forest... The daughter says "It's getting dark, I'm scared"  The dad replies "Just think how I'll feel walking home alone"
I was standing in front of the bathroom mirror one evening admiring my reflection, when I posed this question to my wife of 30 years: “Will you still love me when I’m old, fat, and balding?” She answered, “I do.”
What is a slut ? A woman with the morals of a man
What's the difference between a park bench and a black man when it comes to supporting a family? A park bench can't run away.
I'm gong to start calling my dick "The Cartridge". Women keep wanting to blow it.
Timmy Loves Picnics! Timmy loves picnics. Picnics are his favorite thing in the world. One day, after Timmy gets some good grades in school, his parents say, “Timmy, we’re going on a picnic!” and Timmy was so happy because Timmy loves picnics!   So they get everything together. They get the blanket, the basket, some sandwiches, chips, salted nuts, and some nice cold sodas in the cooler. Now, Timmy’s family lives in California, and do you know where families go on picnics in California if they don’t live near the beach? The redwood forest! Where else? So Timmy and his family drive to the mighty redwood forest. Timmy’s excitement is really growing now, because Timmy loves picnics! They park their car and hike in a small distance until they find a nice shady meadow, but not too shady. A meadow shady enough that you can feel the warmth of the sun, but you’re not blinded by it.   Timmy’s parents roll out the blanket and start on some delicious sandwiches. They crack open some nice, cold sodas. Timmy is so happy, because Timmy loves picnics! WHEN SUDDENLY! A BEAR! A GRIZZLY BEAR! COMES ROARING THROUGH THE FOREST AND STARTS MAULING TIMMY’S PARENTS TO DEATH! THE BEAR BITES HIS MOTHER IN THE NECK, AND RIPS OUT HER JUGGULAR VEIN! HER BLOOD SPLATTERS ALL OVER TIMMY! IT GRABS HIS FATHER, ONE PAW ON HIS TORSO, THE OTHER PAW ON HIS THIGH, AND RIPS THE FATHER IN HALF.   With his dying words his father says, “Timmy, run!” So Timmy runs through the forest, he runs for what feels like an eternity until his legs give out and he can run no more. He falls from exhaustion amongst the pine needles. As he lay there, still covered in his mother’s blood, he begins to question his love of picnics. After a short while he gets up, and he looks around. Scanning the horizon he spots a small ranger station in the distance, he slowly makes his way over. As little Timmy bursts trough the screen door of the ranger station he cries out, “My parents! The bear! It killed them!” The ranger, a large man in every sense, gets up. The ranger walks over to Timmy, unzips his pants, “Boy, this just ain’t your day.”  TL;DR: Timmy got molested. 
My dad always said there was nothing wrong with black people He believed everybody should own one
What do you call a vagina that talks back to you? An answering cervix
Where does Hillary Clinton eat at to appeal to Asian voters? Pander Express.
Do you know what 80 year old vagina tastes like? Depends
I was going to tell you guys a gay joke... Buttfuck it
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a light bulb? To get to the other side. 
Why was the newly trans woman dismissed from the Army? She lost the balls for her job.
How Do You Say Gay In Jewish? He-Blew
Hitler did nothing wrong. Oh sorry, I forgot this was /r/*jokes*
A vegan, an atheist, and a CrossFit enthusiast walk into a bar. I only know because they wouldn't shut the fuck up about it.
If Dick is short for a man named Richards, then what is Cunt short for? A woman.
I named my penis the truth - Because women can't handle it. 
What is the difference between a joke and three dicks? Your mom can't take a joke.
Vagina Knock-Knock Joke Knock knock  Who's there?  Marquis de Sade  Marquis de Sade who?  It's taking too long for you to de Sade to open up
What's an Ancient Roman's favorite sex position? LXIX.
Did you know that witches don't wear panties? It's so they can get a better grip on the broomstick.
How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just Juan.   
A child asked his father, "How were people born?" So his father said, "Adam and Eve made babies, then their babies became adults and made babies, and so on." The child then went to his mother, asked her the same question and she told him, "We were apes, then we evolved to become like we are now." The child ran back to his father and said, "You lied to me! Mommy said people were monkeys first!" His father replied, "No, your mom was talking about her side of the family."
My Girlfriend and I decided to try anal sex last night, but the punchline is that it was MY anus being penetrated, not hers! Nobody saw that one coming!
How do you get a fat girl in bed? Piece of cake
Love is like a machine... ...sometimes you just need a good screw to fix it.
How do you call Niggeria leaving EU? blackout
What do you call a Japanese kid the explodes? A loli-pop
Father catches his son masturbating. Father says, "Son, you'll go blind if you keep that up. Son says, "I'm over here dad."
At first I thought that dumping chlorine into the pool like that was a problem... ... it was actually a solution.
What do you call it when you cock-block a lesbian? Safety scissors.
Yesterday i met a fat chick and i fucked her in the elevator It was wrong on so many levels
What do you call someone from Quebec who's still a virgin Canada Dry
How To Increase Penis Size Easily A Florida Couple Was Watching A Discovery Channel Special About An African Black Bush Tribe. The Men In That Tribe All Had 24 Inches Long Penises.  When The Black Male Reaches A Certain Age, A String Is Tied Around His Penis And On The Other End To A Weight. After A While, The Weight Stretches The Penis To 24 Inches.  Later That Evening As The Husband Was Getting Out Of The Shower, His Wife Looked At Him And Said.  Wife: “How About We Try The African String-And-Weight Procedure?”  The Husband Agreed And They Tied A String And A Weight To His Penis.  A Few Days Later, The Wife Asked The Husband.  Wife: “How Is Our Little Tribal Experiment Coming Along?”  Husband: “Well, It Looks Like We’re About Half Way There.”  Wife: “Wow, You Mean It’s Grown To 12 Inches?”  Husband: “No, It’s Turned Black.”  Note: Please Do Not Try This At Home :P
What did the seagull say to the pelican? Nice sac.
A kid walks into a pharmacy and asks the doctor if he has something to counter viagra. Doctor gets confused and asks: -Son, every man asks for viagra, why are you asking for something to counter it? Kid says: -My grandpa died and we can't close the casket.
Byuing a condom A man goes to medical shop to buy a condom Sales girl: “may i hold u penis for size?” She orders: “give him a small”  Wait!!!! “give him a medium” Wait!!!! “give him a large” Shit!!!! ” give me a tissue paper!!!!” 
My new Thai girlfriend said, “A small penis shouldn't be a problem in a loving relationship” I still wish she didn't have one.
What does a pussy loving jew light during hanukkah? A labia menorah
I'm an objectophile. I'm attracted to women.
[NSFW]How do you make a gay guy fuck a woman? Shit in her cunt.
Why can black people jump so high Because their knee grows.
What do you call... What do you call nuts on the wall?  -Walnuts.  What do you call nuts on your chest?  -Chestnuts.  What do you call nuts on your chin?  -Dick in your mouth.
Why won't a black man go see a 3d movie? He'd rather spend his money on a forty
What do you call 100 black people buried neck deep around a basketball hoop? Afroturf
MASTURBATE JOKE DAD: Son if you masturbate to much you'll go blind  SON: Hey dad I'm over here.
I like my coffee the way I like my slaves... Free.
How do you make a kilogram of fat appealing? Put a nipple on it
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer? The taste.
A pirate crew is fleeing from a whaling ship One pirate swabbie asks, "This be the whaling ship driven by the wench with two vaginas?"  The pirate says, "Aye, we best be wary of har poons."
Pharmacy A man went into a pharmacy and asked to talk to a male pharmacist. The woman he was talking to said that she was the pharmacist and that she and her sister owned the store, so there were no males employed there. She then asked if there was something she could help the gentleman with. The man said "this is embarrassing for me, but I have a permanent erection which causes me a lot of problems and severe embarrassment. I was wondering what you could give me for it?" The pharmacist said "Just a minute, I'll go talk to my sister." When she returned, she said, "the best we can do is 1/3 ownership in the store and $3000 a month in living expenses."
My daughter is getting to the age where she is asking embarrassing questions about sex...  yesterday she asked me: "Is that all you got?" 
What did the black man say to the white kid? Put the gun down!
Did you hear about the Russian guy who got sexual self-gratification by placing coins under his eyelids? Nikolai Jerkov
What do you call a tranny mailman? She-mail
Wrestling is gay. That's why i like basketball Men in matching outfits who play with balls for a living in hopes that someone will one day give them a ring
What do you call someone who pretends to be gay? A dandelion.
My sex-life is like a Ferrari, I don't have a Ferrari
If Hitler returned to life, where would he go to meet most of his now-alive supporters? r/The_Donald
When my grandfather died we scattered his remains in the sea... Based on everyone's reactions, I wonder if we should have cremated him first.  [*fixed] 
When do you kick a midget in the balls? When he is standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice. 
Why didn't hitler ever cook hot dogs at a bar-b-que? He always tends to burn the franks.
Why can't you put two dicks in one condom? Because it's too hard...
Best bar mitzvah gift: tefillin and a condom What better way to celebrate manhood than with Prophylacteries.
What did Hitler say when he got his gas bill? Auuu Schwitz
What do you call a gay bar with no bar stools? A fruit stand.
"Daddy every time you go on a business trip mommy likes to bird watch" "Oh yeah? Where's her favorite spot to bird watch?"  "The bedroom"  "What do you mean?"  "Well every time you leave mommy comes home with her bird watching friends and when they go into the room after awhile I hear her friend say " Swallow"
How do you fit 3 gay guys on a stool? Turn the stool upside down
What did the spring peeper (frog) say to the cow? Nice tits. 
I don't like male pornstars They always are fucking assholes
What do Dale Earnhardt and Adolf Hitler have in common? They both died before finishing a race.
John woke up after the annual office party... ...with a pounding headache, cotton-mouthed, and utterly unable to recall the events of the preceding evening. After a trip to the bathroom, he made his way downstairs where his wife put some coffee in front of him.   "Louise," he moaned, "tell me what happened last night. Was it as bad as I think?"   "Even worse," she said, her voice oozing scorn. "You made a complete ass of yourself. You succeeded in antagonizing the entire board of directors and you insulted the president of the company, right to his face."   "He's a jerk," John said. "Piss on him."   "You did," came the reply. "And he fired you."   "Well, screw him!" said John.  "I did. You're back to work on Monday."
My kindergarten teacher works as a prostitute now. I guess 'sharing is caring' wasn't the best advice.
Man sent wife to buy a new drill gun... ... Worried for his wife, 2 hours later he gets a call from the police. "Sir, you wife was arrested today, would you like to talk to her?" Confused about what happened he said yes. "What happened babe?!" Wife says "I just did what you asked, you told me to go to the store and find a black n decker"
Did you hear about the dyslexic girl that developed bulimia? She ate a big meal then went to the bathroom and stuck her thumb up her ass.
A father has a conversation with his twin sons. Sick of hiding in the closet two brothers decide to come out to their father. They sit their 67 year old father into his favourite lazy boy and bring him his pipe.   &amp;nbsp;  The dad amicably addresses his sons. "Well, what do you want, boys?" The first son sits down after seeing his father in a good mood and starts the conversation. "Dad... I'm gay. My friend and I have been dating for eight months. I want your blessing."  &amp;nbsp; The Dad smiles taking a drag out of his pipe. "Kid, I've known you were gay since you were four. What's best is you accept yourself and I'm glad you've gained the confidence to..."  &amp;nbsp;  The second son relieved decides to come out of the closet as well. "D, dad. I'm a brony. I want to be with Princess Celestia and one day I..."   &amp;nbsp;  The father sighs and interrupts his second son.   &amp;nbsp;  "Can't you just like dicks like your brother? Why do you have to be such a faggot, boy?" 
How many Hillary Clintons does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Three - One to screw it in, one to say we don't need to screw it in, and one to say we do need to screw it in.
How many divorced men does it take to screw in a light bulb? None.  All the sockets went with the house
TIL Diarrhea is hereditary In runs in your jeans 
What's the difference between racism and chinese ? racism has many faces
What do Ted Cruz and an impotent Japanese man have in common? Neither can achieve an election
Why was Tyrion Lannister banned from the all natural stripper gardening contest? He was found with Imp plants
What do you call Chinese soup made by a Mexican? Juan-ton soup
How can you tell if your wife has been screwing all your friends? All their dicks taste just like her twat.
A fat guy orders a schnitzl and then he said to the wait0r 'helo i would like to become a schnitzel please' and then the wait0r says "but u r a hooman xDDD" and then the guest is like "wtf bad service" and levs the restaurant looool   share wit hfriendz if oyu liked it lol xD
My daughter reached that age where they start asking embarrassing questions about sex The last one was "is that all you got?"
What do you call a flamboyant gay man who is lactating? Dairy queen. :3
What did Bill say to Hillary after sex? "I'll be home in 20 minutes."
How do you tell if a man is gay? When you're fucking him in the ass, reach around; if he has a boner... He's gay 
What does a perverted birdwatcher's list look like? Bird Species - woodcock - blue tit - cock of the woods (Pileated woodpecker) - blue footed booby bird - titmouse 
I asked a Scottish friend of mine how many sexual partners he'd had. He started counting but fell asleep.    Edit: WOW my top post is now a bestiality joke. Thanks guys :)
Hank Hill works at an S&amp;M sex shop And he sells pro-pain accessories.
I was arrested for having sex with a 15 year old girl... ...i thought she was a couple of years older than that, I suppose that makes two reasons why I'm a bad father.
For every upvote this gets, my girlfriend and I will try one thrust of anal sex. Please upvote. Her penis is huge. 
What is the most important object in a bodybuilders' karaoke? The macrophone
My wife asked me to get rid of my camouflage screwdriver. She doesn't see the point of it.
Why can't some snakes get boners? Because they have a reptile dysfunction.
A Chinese man walks into a library and says to the librarian, "do you have that book for men with small penises?" The librarian looks on her computer and says, "I don't know if it's in yet."                                                                  "Yeah that's the one"
Why does Zinc + Sulfuric acid give you Zinc Sulfate? It gives you Zinc Sulf**ate**, because the Sulfuric acid **ate** the Zinc.
What's the difference between your PC and your Penis? Usually its small, used often and you dont let just ANYONE touch it.
A man gets "I love you" tattooed on his penis. He goes home and tears his pants off, eager to show his girlfriend. She looks at him and shakes her head saying "there you go again trying to put words in my mouth".
Husband - "When I die, i'd like to die having sex." Wife - "At least we know it'll be quick"
When i was a kid, my father said he wanted me to be an autodidact. I asked him what that word meant.  He told me to look it up.  Happy Father's Day, everyone!
For the period from 2014-2015, I had no sex My wife was in a VERY bad mood.
Piano Man A pianist responds to an ad for a Piano Player wanted at a swanky bar.  The manager interviewing him asks  the pianist to play something.    The pianist plays and sings, and it's beautiful.  The manager is really impressed.  The pianist admits that he wrote and composed it himself.  The manager asks what the song is called and the pianist replies, "Fuck you and your mother, you shit eating whore".  Clearly upset by the title of the song, the manager attempts to regain his composure and asks the pianist, "um, do you know any other songs?"  The pianist starts right in on the most beautiful piece the manager had ever heard, and by the time the pianist finished, the manager had tears in his eyes.  Afraid to ask, the manager asked what that one was called.  The pianist said it was one of the first songs he ever wrote, and it was called "Suck my hairy white ass, you commie fuck!"  Clearly impressed with the skill of the pianist but fearful for the effect the song titles might have on his business the manager makes a deal with the player.  "I will hire you, and pay you with $100 bar tab per night and 5% of the door, but you're not allowed to tell anyone what your songs are called."  The pianist agrees, just happy to have a gig.  So he's playing the first night, really enjoying himself, drinking for free and all of the patrons are enjoying the music as well.  At some point, very drunk, the pianist needs to go relieve himself so takes a break from playing.  When he returns from the bathroom, a beautiful woman approaches him and quietly asks him, "Do you know your dick is out and everyone can see it?"  The piano player's eyes get wide, and he excitedly replies, "Know it!?  I fucking *wrote it*!" 
Gay jokes arn't funny Come on guys.
Why isn't Hitler in Mario Kart? Because he cant finish a race
Did you hear about the new sex app to help men get laid? They call it iBone 
Why was Hitler so mean? Because he was a sauerkraut.
What's the difference between making love and having sex? Speed
What do pubes and salad have in common? You push them both aside and keep eating.
If black people have the race card, women have the gender card, what do rednecks have? The Trump card.
They are making a documentary on people with "clock-fetish" Its about fucking time!
Two male cowboy cello players drunkenly have sex. They continue to have an affair without their wives knowing. *Baroque-back Mountain*
What do you call a sexually repressed bandit? Rubbin' Hood
What do you call a shiny vagina? A glitteris
How do fat women defy physics? Because the heavier they get, the easier they are to pick up.
Why did the two tampons not talk to each other? because they're both stuck up cunts
What does the mafia and a vagina have in common? One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
When a girl takes the pants off a guy with force, it's sexy But when i do it, my mom doesn't like it. 
What's the main difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer? The taste. 
A dad goes to the zoo with his son... (NFSW) They're at the primate section... the boy looks at the dad and says "Daddy, look a monkey!" And the dad laughs "That's not a monkey son. That's a orangutan! Orangutan's are apes..."  They then arrive at the Bird House... where the boy goes "Daddy! Look at this scary bird!" And the dad smiles "That's not a bird son. That's a bat! Bats are mammals..."  Then they go to the Reptile Exhibit... and the father shouts "Look son... a snake! Want to touch it?" And the boy responds "That's not a snake. This is a snake!" And he pulls out his cock
In life, we should all aim to be like Italian meatballs. Well seasoned and well rounded.
What do you call a fashionable Japanese warrior? Glamurai
My cell only calls gay people I think it's a homophone
A guy has sex with Sarah Mclachlan... A guy has sex with Sarah Mclachlan. After hearing about this, his friend says "So, what was it like to be in the arms of an angel?"
It's recently come to light that Hitler didn't like oranges. He hated the juice!
I went to the toilet in a public restroom... I sat down and had a look at the graffiti on the walls. It said "For instructions on how to play toilet tennis, please see other wall"  I looked at the other wall and it said "For instructions on how to play toilet tennis, please see other wall"
What is a group of gay pirates favorite pastime? Pegging each other's booty
[True Story] So today I had to get three wisdom teeth pulled and I jokingly told my girlfriend that I was going to ask the dentist how long before I had could go down on my girlfriend? Well that was too just funny and just between us. "Maybe I should ask how long after the surgery before I can suck a cock again?"..we both laughed hard. But omg the anesthesia must kicked in and I ACTUALLY asked the doctor. I don't remember a thing my gf relayed everything later. But I was insistent on knowing the answer apparently, in which the docter said," Well I guess that is considered a soft food so I think your okay." 
What do you call a fart in a gay bar? A mating call  LoL
I fired a man named Diarrhea today... His shit wasn't together
You know what they say about Hitler? He was this tall and he lived over there.
What did the hammer announce over the intercom to the evacuating screws screaming for help? "This is not a drill!"
What’s the difference between a joke and two dicks? You can't take a joke.
What do you call it when you orgasm upon the sight of a life flight helicopter? Coming to the rescue
Fat girls don't have it so bad At least they can wipe their tears with their tits
Where is the best place to hide a black man's EBT card? Nowhere, you shouldn't hide people's things.  It's rude.
What do you call a Russian sex offender who is trying to quit smoking? A vape-ist
What do you call a fat Asian prostitute? Chun Ki Ho 
Why is it impossible to mistake a penis for a vagina? Because there's a vas deference.
Faggots make me puke... ... I gotta stop deepthroating so far.
*nsfw* How do you measure gay seamen? *nsfw* By the buttload
A man and his wife are driving in the car... And the wife is blowing his willy. She is so good that he lets go of the sterring wheel and grabs her ears. Things go out of control, and they end up at the side of the road, unconscious.   Man wakes up, only to see his wife's ears in his hands. He asks one of the policemen: "Have you seen a woman without ears?" and the policeman says: "Oh you mean the one with a dick in her mouth?"
What's the difference between Michael Phelps and Hitler? Michael Phelps can actually finish off a race
Two men are filming a documentary in Western Africa with a local tribe The two men notice that all of the adult males in the tribe have the biggest penises they've ever seen!. This intrigues both of them until the very last day of filming when they both get the courage to ask the leader of the tribe what they do to get huge chodes. The leader of the tribe tells them "We tie a stone on the penis after birth and when they are adults... we take it off..."The two men are very excited and get an idea on the plane back that they'll try the tribal method and keep each other up to date. One day, two days and a week go by with no results but after two weeks the first man wakes up, looks down his pants... and there it is. He rushes to the phone and calls the second guy. The first guy says "I'M HALFWAY THERE!" The second guy says "What? Are you ten inches long?" to which the first guy replies "NO! BUT IT'S TURNED BLACK!)  All credit to my uncle Louie for this dank joke.
How do you get a hippy pregnant ? Cum on her feet and let the flies to the rest.
What does an Australian use instaed of toilet paper? Bidet, mate.
What's long, hard, and filled with semen? A submarine, what were you thinking of?
TIL that in 2015 Gerald Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzgerald became one of the first ever same sex couples to get married in Ireland. They're perfect for each other because Gerald Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzgerald.
Why are pornstars so religious? They keep yelling 'oh God yes!' all the time.
My local garden centre is doing huge business on the side with punters paying for sex with B.A. Baracus lookalikes. It's like a whole whore-T-culture going on.
Two condoms walk past a gay bar one turns to the other and says "hey, wanna go in there and get shitfaced"?
what's the difference between oral and anal sex? Oral sex makes your day, anal makes your hole weak.
What does a pornstar say after a short day at the set? I just came!
Getting kicked out of the strip club  So I was a few years out of high school and my brother was 18. We decided to go to this strip club in the next town over. Let me set the mood for you, this was an 18 and up FULLY NUDE titty joint…. Real classy, well this particular night it was a $25 all you can drink beer night. My brother and I were like hell Yeah! We paid our money and steered toward the bar ready to start drinking. We roll up and ask the barkeep and asked where the “all you can drink” beer is? He pointed over to an old raggedy ass folding square table, the kind you Mexican grandma brings out during Easter, and Christmas to sit the kids at. On top of this table was a tried and true keg of beer in a trash can filled with ice. It was the good Lord giving me a sign to take my brother and run… Of course I didn’t listen, so we went up to the keg and got our cups filled with none other than KEYSTONE LIGHT! So here I am, $100 dollars deep worth of cover and beer passes, drinking keystone light, in the butt naked club… I shake all this off and we go sit near the stage, time goes by and this older stripper keeps bothering my brother, when are you going to buy me a drink? Can I sit here? Blah blah blah, he kept shooing her away, for one because he didn’t have any money, I was sponsoring this whole adventure, and for two this stripper looked like something that came out of a Tim Burton film. Nasty shaggy hair, looked like she brushed her teeth with a snickers bar, legs dimply like a golf ball, no ass to speak of. But for some reason she liked my brother. As the night went on I went to the back to get a private dance, I’m in there about 10 minutes and here comes snickers teeth! She pokes her head in and says I got your brother back her and he says you have the money. I’m like ya here’s 40 bones just to get her to go away. My dance ends, so I make my way towards the front and like a scary movie out pops snickers teeth again from one of the rooms, I look over her shoulder and I see my brother sitting on a couch, drunk, looking like hell.. I look at the girl; she looks left, then looks right as if she’s checking for the cops and whispers to me, “Ill suck your brother’s dick for 30 bucks”. I think to myself, this is a hell of a deal, so I reach in my wallet and after counting my money I say to her, “I have 11 dollars” without missing a step she says done, grabs the money and runs to my brother. I was shocked and a little pleased that I was hooking my brother up with such a bargain. So I go to take a piss and about midstream one of the bouncers tells me, hey bro you got to go. I’m like, for what? He says we caught your brother with his cock out. I’m in total shock, here I am dick in hand and this 400 pounder is telling me my brother is getting thrown out. It may have been the keystone scrambling my brain but I couldn’t understand why they would throw him out after I just paid my 11 bones to the stripper. So I hurry and finish and quickly go to the front and there is my brother between the bouncers, pants unzipped, shirt untucked and the manager is giving him this lecture. He’s like give me your wallet, my brother reaches and hands him his wallet, the manager shuffles through it trying to find some cash, with each item he takes out, the more disappointed he gets, my brother has a condom, expired Bennigan's gift card, a school ID, a receipt from game stop, and 2 dollars, the manager was so pissed he told him to just leave bro. the whole way out the door they shamed my brother, yelling, you’re despicable bro, what kind of place do you think this is, I can’t believe you…  the stripper never even got his dick in her mouth, best 11 bucks I ever spent.
My sex life (Dirty) My sex life is like the Kentucky Derby, four hours of foreplay, and only  90 seconds of real action 
Why did Hitler turn to genocide after a failed career as an artist? He never learned to mix the colors
Google reports consistent level of searches for "pornography" in the UK following Brexit Title
So I went to the doctor yesterday because I've been feeling tired all the time. He told me I needed to quit masturbating.  I asked him if that would solve my problem.  "No," he replied, "but I can't examine you while you're doing it." 
What do inbreds do on Halloween? They pump-kin.
What do you call a black man selling drugs? A pharmacist, you racist.
My expectations in life are so small... A priest try to molest them.
Why do men like breasts so much? They prove men can concentrate on two things at once. 
What’s long and hard and full of semen? A submarine.
Why was the guitar teacher arrested? For fingering a minor
[racist] what is the most annoying thing about black people? They're already shitfaced before the party.
TIL The queen bee has sex with up to 40 males per day. Just like your mom.
What is darker than a black man? His future.
I tried to use "MyDick" as my Netflix password... ...Netflix told me "not long enough."
Did you hear about the farmer running the illicit sex ring? Apparently it was a pig fucking deal.
Guy having sex says "damn, there should be a law against sex this good" To which the girl replies "I think there is daddy"
I was at the pub with the lads and they were talking about blowjobs... Having had somewhat of a sheltered upbringing I didn't know what that meant, so when I got home I said to my girlfriend "Do you know what a blowjob is?". She burst into tears and walked out of the room. I was very confused, and also a bit dissapointed as she had been sucking my dick at the time
What do you get when you cross a penis with a potato? A dictator.
I'm hosting a benefit for people who struggle, to reach orgasm. Let me know if you can't come 
An elephant in the circus The ringmaster of a small circus decides to challenge the audience:  "We'll pay 30 million dollars to whoever completes these 3 impossible tasks: make our elephant jump, sit down and talk!"  Suddenly, a man from crowd stands up:  "I can do that, but you have to turn off the lights!"  A little puzzled, the ringmaster leads the man to the stage, brings the elephant and turns off the lights. When the lights are off, the man brutally kicks the elephant's balls and ask the ringmaster to turn on the lights. The elephant is jumping out of pain.   There came the second task. Lights off. The man beats the elephant's balls with a golf club, making the animal sit down in agony.  Lights on. The audience applauds.   "Now the third task", said the ringmaster, turning off the lights.   "KEEP THE FUCKING LIGHTS ON!", said the elephant.  
How do you find a fat girl's vagina? Roll her around in flour and look for the wet spot.
What do you get when you piss off the Avengers? Nick's fury.
England Iceland are going to be selling buttplugs now to let England know that they fucked themselves over.
I want to make a documentary about birds. I need to get approval from a lot of progoosers. 
What's the FBI's abbreviation code-word for an incident in which an Islamist shoots up a gay club? ANALBOMB
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea? A salad shooter
Four gay guys walk into a bar... To see only one stool was open.  "Ah not a problem!" The bartender said as he flipped the stool upside down.
What does a robot do at the end of one night stand? He falls off
[OC] What did the asian say when he saw a line at the local soup kitchen? Ugh.... Pho queue...
Did you know, that pigeons die when they have sex? At least the one I fucked did.
what did the asian german say to that Jew joke that hit the front page ? I Reich 
What does Belathor call his balls? His treasures.
Why black people have white palms? Because work dignifies a man. ;)
Why was the schwa bad at giving speeches? He said "uhh" way too much.
As a Chinese comedian many people ask about my opinion on our government... I can't complain.
My penis has a warning label...   It says "Warning! Choking hazard...small parts."
How do you entertain a pussy? I don't know the answer but if you work up a sweat it's bound to come.
How do you recycle a condom? Turn it inside out and shake the fuck out of it.
I think I'm getting Anal Glaucoma.... I don't see my ass going into work today
Why did Adolf Hitler commit suicide? Artificial Intelligence. 
What do you call an immoral lesbian citizen of Rivendell who hosts a talk-variety show and lacks character? An elven degenerate.
What type of porn is Donald Trump into? Big Beautiful Walls 
My Doctor told me I had to stop masturbating. Apparently it was making it difficult to complete the exam. 
how did Hitler tie his shoes? with little nazis. 
Gay guys are OK... ... they're just indifferent.
How can you tell your girlfriend is getting fat? She starts to fit in your wife's clothes 
Internet porn? When I grew up... ...it was hard to come by.
How heavy is a Chinese dumpling? Wonton.
Why are all jewish men circumcised? ...because jewish women don't take anything without 10% off.
If a blind girl says you have a big dick.. She probably is just pulling your leg.
a men &amp; fat girl in bar A man goes to a bar and sees a fat girl dancing on a table. He walks over to her and says, "Wow, nice legs!" She is flattered and replies, "You really think so?" The man says, "Oh definitely! Most tables would have collapsed by now."
Hotel coffee is like having sex in a canoe... It's fucking close to water.
A woman in my hometown says that 50 Cent is 100% her son's father. Although, it's closer to 50 percent per Cent.
One of the most popular searches on pornhub is Minecraft porn I tried searching for that once. Unfortunately, it was blocked.
This morning I had a shit that was an ornithologists dream.. It was like a thousand sparrows flying out of a hole in a tree.
Why did Hitler kill himself? He saw the gas bill.
What did Marvin Gaye's dad say to him on his birthday? Son, if this is another tie, I'm gonna kill you.
I got fucked by a priest 20 years ago.... ....He said "you may now kiss the bride".  
Your mama's so fat We are all genuinely concerned about her health.
There is a man taking a shit in the toilets then a man suddenly walks in The man who walked in proceeds to take piss in the urinal and then the man taking a shit makes absurdly loud noises.  The 2nd man proceeds to kick down the door of the man in the toilet.  Then both of them stopped as soon as they heard someone shout "CUT!".
I heard Steven Spielberg is directing a film about a fat alien... It's called "Eat-T, The Extra Cholesterol".
Which Portal character has a man vagina? Cave Johnson.
What did the actor auditioning for a role in the movie on transgender discrimination in the corporate world receive from director Hillary Clinton? A wall street *trans* script.
An old lady pulls out a condom with a cigarette in it Her friend asks "Why do you do that?"    She replies "Well it has its benefits...it keeps your cigarettes fresher!"  Fascinated, the friend heads down to the local convenience store and asks the clerk "May I have some condoms please?"  The clerk chuckles but then says "Sure m'am, what size?"  "Well, big enough for a camel that's for sure!!"
What's it's called when you ejaculate into a circle Circumference
What's the difference between a refrigerator and a gay man? A refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull your meat out.
Period sex. My wife asked me why i will not have sex with her when she is on her period? i told her that i had tried it once when i was younger and never would again. "How bad was it?" she asked. "Have you ever tried whisking a bowl of tomato soup" i replied. 
A condom is like a plunger You never know when you will need it but it's great to have just in case.
A homeless man is walking along a road and comes across a bridge. On the bridge is a woman standing on the railing, clearly about to jump. He approaches the woman.  "Hey lady, are you about to jump?"  "Back off! If you come any closer, I'll do it!" she replies.  "Well, that's fine," he says, "but before you do, can I ask a favor? I'm pretty down on my luck, as you can see, and it's been a long time since I've felt the touch of a woman, so if it's all the same to you, would you have sex with me first?"  "Eww no, fuck off you creep!" the woman shouts back.  "Fine, fine" the man says. "I'll just go wait at the bottom."      Credit goes to u/MrTyko
Man got pulled over for speeding A man was late for work and was pulled over by a cop hiding at the end of a bridge. The cop asked "Where you  going in such a hurry?" The man tells the cop that he is just heading to work. "What do you do?" the cop asked. "I'm a rectum stretcher" he replied. "What on earth does a rectum stretcher do?!" the shocked officer asked. "Well.. first you start with one finger then you work in the index finger of the other hand.. eventually you can work in both hands.. then the arms.. then the legs.. and you keep doing this until the rectum is 6ft wide." The cop stairs in disgust then finally asks "What are you going to do with a six foot asshole??" The driver quickly responds with "Put it at the end of a bridge and give it a radar gun"
So I'm fucking this bisexual women And it's dope cuz she likes three ways, any who I'm fucking this very smart lol beautiful women so I'm bout to bust a nut in this girls face but I just nail her right in the eye the whole load, next she calls me up tells me she's straight I'm like what why she says she can only see men now
Sex is like a good joke I dont get it
What did the porn actress say when she opened the door? Make sure to come upstairs.
So I saw a black man walking down the street... And he was carrying around a TV.  So I thought, that looks like mine!  But then I realized: Mine was at home polishing my shoes.
A teenage girl was being intimate with her boyfriend At her parents house. Her father after being woken by the noises goes upstairs to check it out, and walks in on them. "Dad!" she exclaimed in a panic "...I'm sorry" The dad being a dad replies "hi sorry, I'm Dad!" He then turns to the boyfriend and asks "Are you fucking sorry?"
Why should transgender people get separate bathrooms? There's already handicapped stalls.
What do you call an intelligent black man? Evolution having a sense of humour....
Honey, there are broken condoms on the couch Dear, we've talked about this- call the children by their names 
I remember when I was a virgin I thought I'd remember every single time I got laid Since I've been married though I can't remember the last time I've had sex
Who makes more money a drug dealer or a prostitute? A prostitute because she can wash and resell her crack. 
I can finally scratch "murdering an anonymous vagrant" off my bucket list. I didn't do it, it just doesn't seem all that appealing anymore I guess. 
You're looking for a condom in a pocket of your jacket, But the only scumbag in your jacket is you
Bosses are like diapers... Always on your ass and normally full of shit
Extreme Sexual Exhaustion A teacher was wrapping up class, and started talking about tomorrow's final exam. He said there would be no excuses for not showing up tomorrow, barring a dire medical condition or an immediate family member's death. One smart ass, male student said, "What about extreme sexual exhaustion?", and the whole classroom burst into laughter. After the laughter had subsided, the teacher glared at the student, and said, "Not an excuse, you can use your other hand to write."  
How many radical, trans, love-fluid, non-binary persons does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 2 - one to do it and the other to comment on how it's symbolic of rape.
What do you call a positive transformer? Optimist Prime
What do black people so after sex? 20 years to life
An old lady wants a better sex life An old lady goes to the doctor because she wants a better sex life with her husband. The doctor prescribes Viagra for him, when she says:  "No way, doctor. My husband doesn't even take aspirines. He would never take Viagra. He's just too proud".   "Well, in that case, just hide one pill in his sandwich. Come here next week and tell me how it went".   The next week, the old lady sees the doctor again.   "Oh no doctor, IT WAS HORRIBLE! HORRIBLE!"  "But what happened? Did you follow my instructions?"  "Yes. I hid the pill in his sandwich and it worked immediately. He stood up and unzipped his pants, bent me over the table and made love to me in the wildest and craziest way. It was HORRIBLE!! Horrible!!"  "Wow but why was it so horrible? Wasn't the sex good?"  "No, doctor. It was the best sex I had in 20 years. It's just that I will never be able to enter a McDonald's again". 
If a blind girl ever tells you that you have a big cock She's probably just pulling your leg.
I bet people could read braille on toilet paper... After all, hindsight's 20/20.
An American man hooks up with a Japanese woman... [nsfw] An American man hooks up with a Japanese woman the night before a game of golf with a big Japanese client.   The woman is screaming with passion a specific word in Japanese that the man could tell was a great thing. He decides to try it out at golf.  Each time the big client sinks the ball, the man shouts his newly learned Japanese word. Finally, after the 9th hole, the big client asks the man:  "Why do you keep shouting wrong hole?'"
I don't have sex by choice... But once in a while, I'd like it to be mine.
If I had to lose a body part, it'd be my penis It's really holding me back.  Also, I'm dyslexic.
What does a Nazi say when they make a mistake? Auschwit     (aw shit) 
Why did the Shitaki left the party? It was too crowded and there wasnt mushroom.  It's a pitty he left... He is a funghi!
Pornhub has launched a 'sexcercise' programme called Bang Fi In what seems like the perfect confluence of all of 21st century society's biggest obsessions, the internet's favourite smut pedlar Pornhub has launched a video game-style fitness programme based around sex. Bang Fit is a sort of like Guitar Hero or ...
Just watched the Chinese laundry machine commercial where a black guy goes in and comes out Chinese. This definitely explains what happened to their dick.
What do you say to a depressed, overweight person? Keep your chins up.
What did the Japanese stoner say? Toke yo
How many "friend zoned" guys does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None! They can't screw anything.
I hate when I am about to hug someone really sexy And my face hits the mirror
Why did the gay man wear a Nicoderm patch? So he could cut down to only two butts a day.
How do you circumcise a red-neck? Kick his sister in the jaw.
DONT READ IF EASLY OFFENDED THIS IS A BAD ONE... My 6-year-old son caught me masturbating this morning... He said, "What are you doing daddy?"  "It's called wanking," I replied. "You'll be doing this soon."  "Why, daddy?" he asked.  "Because my arm is fucking killing me."
As a wizard I named my dick... 'the Bible'.  All these witches can't handle it.
What is the word for a gathering of sharks? A shiver. The word for a gathering of crows? A murder. The word for a gathering of pedophiles? Parliament.
What's the difference between Mr. Jokes and Mr. Dicks? Mr. Jokes doesn't get mistaken for my dick.
Why are black people unable to get a PhD Because they can't get past their masters.
A guy walks into a bank A guy walks into a bank and says to the teller at the window, "I want to open a fuckin' checking account" To which the lady replied, "I beg your pardon, what did you say?" "Listen up dammit, I said I want to open a fuckin' checking account right now." "Sir, I'm sorry but we do not tolerate that kind of language in this bank!" The teller left the window and went over to the bank manager and told him about her situation.  They both returned and the manager asked, "What seems to be the problem here?" "There's no damn problem," the man said, "I just won 50 million in the lottery and I want to open a fuckin' checking account in this damn bank!"  "I see sir," the manager said, "and this cunt is giving you a hard time?"
Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill really pisses me off. Now its only worth 2 more then a $10 bill...
Two flies are on top of dog shit then the first fly farted. Other fly: "WTF fly, don't be rude, we're eating, for chrissakes!" 
Women in England are hos! They've always ready to put some chapstick on their lips.
Why do vegans give great head? Cause they're always eating nuts. 
A guy is about to have sex with his new girlfriend for the first time After taking her clothes off, he exclaimed, "damn woman, you have a BIG pussy."  His girlfriend replied, "No, I don't!"  He said, "Look, I have 2 fingers in there.... now 3, now 4, now my whole hand is in there!! Bitch, you are so loose."  She said, "Shut the fuck up nigger, I am not loose at all."  He wanted to prove his point, so he inserted his other hand in there too. "Damn, I have BOTH HANDS in there now."  Immediately, she yelled, "Oh yeah? But can you clap?"
What do you call an alien that's also a pedophile? An Extramolestrial 
Do you know why W. S. Gilbert was frequently drunk on his Trans-Atlantic crossings? Because he was quartered on the port side. 
Why don't black people dream? Because the last black person who had a dream got shot.
I'm going to put my grandmother on speed dial. I'll call it Instagram.
Pussy. Tell me if you don't get it.
What did the cervix say when the penis asked about the sex party? If you're in, hymen!
Walks into a bar.... Pissing contest Two men walk into a bar, one wearing a cowboy hat and the other wearing a Yankees cap. The guy in the Yankees cap approaches the bartender and make a bet: "I'll bet you $1,000 that I can put a shot glass at one end of your bar and piss into it from the other end of the bar without spilling a drop."  The bartender laughs and says, "You're crazy, but you're on."  The man positions a shot glass on one end, walks to the other end and unzips his fly. He then pisses everywhere -- all over the walls, over the bar top, all over the bottles of booze, and all over the bartender. The bartender roars with laughter and tells the man to pay up.  The guy in the Yankees cap pays up, laughing and smiling, too.  "What are you smiling at?" asks the bartender. "You just lost $1,000!"  "Well, you see that guy in the cowboy hat over there crying? Before we came in, I bet him $10,000 that I could piss all over your bar, your walls, your liquor AND you, and not only would you not be mad -- you would laugh hysterically about it!"
What’s the difference between a joke and two dicks? You can't take a joke.
What do you call a homosexual on roller skates Rollaids
Did you know that Jesus is gay? Yeah. It says it in the Bible. He got nailed by a few Roman centurions.
How does an SJW screw in a lightbulb? They climb up a ladder, put the bulb in the socket and the world revolves around them.
Why are there more females in the asexual community? because lesbians don't get boners.
How are buttsex and asparagus the same? If you're forced to have it as a child, you won't enjoy it as an adult.
What's the best song to play whilst furiously masturbating? You Can't Stop The Beat.
How can you tell if a black woman is pregnant? If you take out the tampon and the cotton is picked.
Dirty, Dick Joke Boy and girl are texting.  Boy: I got I really big dick. Girl: Oh yeah there is a company named after it. Boy: What's the company called? Girl: Microsoft!
A son asks his father what a vagina looks like... The father answers: "Son, before sex, a vagina looks like a beautiful flower with its petals opening up and beckoning you in."  The son thinks about this and asks: "Well, what does a vagina look like *after* sex then?"  Father replies: "Imagine a bulldog that's been eating custard..."
A suicide bomber goes to heaven to receive his 72 virgins... But all he sees are other men just like himself.    Confused, he asks one of them where his virgins are. The man replies, "Brother, we are all virgins."
4 people were about to have sex I think they were in foursome fun
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his ass.
My coworker said my clothes looked gay. I responded with "Well they did come out of the closet today."
What do you call the conversation between two birds after they've had sex? Pillowsquawk
What has tiny balls and screws old ladies? A bingo machine you sick fuck
The mytits dog joke One busty milf had a dog whose name was mytits, and one day he ran away. So, the woman, worried, asked a policeman: 'have you seen mytits?' and the policeman said: 'no but i'd love to see them' jj
How many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two! But don't ask me how they got inside there.
My local police stations toilet was stolen.... The cops have nothing to go on. 
How many Sandpeople does it take to screw in a lightbulb? You never can tell. The Sandpeople always ride in single file to hide their numbers.
Did you see Bill Cosby and Malcolm-Jamal Warner standing next to each other? They were Huxtaposed
A kid goes up to his Grandfather... ...&amp;amp;amp;amp; says "Hey Gramps, can I take a puff of you're cigar?"  "Well young man, does your penis touch your asscheeks?" He replies  "Well no, why?"  "Well, then I'll have to say no."  A few days go by &amp;amp;amp;amp; the kid see's his Grandfather with a glass of beer  "Hey Gramps, can I have a sip of you're beer?"  "Well, does your penis touch your asscheeks yet my boy?"  "Still no gramps,"  "Well you already know the answer."  The kid walks away angrily, a few days go by &amp;amp;amp;amp; the grandfather see's his grandson with a big bowl of strawberries  "Hey boy, those look like some good strawberries. Can I have one?"  "Well Gramps, does your penis touch your asscheeks?"  "Well yes it does!" He replies  "Then go fuck yourself."  Edit: I fixed it I fixed it! No more sipping a cigar!
A man went into his local pharmacy to purchase condoms. After ringing his item up the cashier asked, "Would you like a bag?"   The man responded, "No, she's not that ugly."
Man and woman are arguing on how loose woman's pussy is NSFW She asks him to put one finger in her vagina. He does that. Than another finger, and another, and another, and his whole hand. Than she asks him to put his second hand in it. He does that with no problem whatsoever. She asks him to clap.  "I can't do it."  "See?" she answers. "I'm not loose!"
Which of the Seven Dwarfs' Names Describe Toby Turner's Girlfriends After Sex? You can call them Dopey, and you can call them Sleepy, but you can guarantee they're not Happy. And after he's done with them, they'll probably need a Doc.
What do you call a grandma without teeth giving you a blowjob? No denture adventure.
Even though the nurse who performed my circumcision did a bad job... I still left her a tip.
I used to have a fear for speed bumps... But I'm slowly getting over it.  Edit: Why is this flaired as dirty?
What was Hitler favorite TV show? The Amazing Race
If they gave out awards for sex... You wouldn't even have a participation ribbon    As in, you have not participated. You are virgin
It was a rude awakening when I woke up and realized all my favorite porn stars were at least 4 years younger than me. Turning 16 sucked.  =/
The blind circumcisionist What happened to the blind circumcisionist?  He got the sack!   Don't think Circumcisionist is a real word but it sounds better then surgeon or urologist.
I know I'm a bit kinky. My girlfriend asked me  "Are you more of a boob man or an ass man?"  So I said  "I'm a Scatman"
What do Brooklyn and pantyhose have in common? Flatbush
When the green-shirted man showed him his pornographic illustration, the grey-shirted man told him, "You're a good drawer!" "Thank you," He replied, opening a door in his chest and placing the drawing in.  "You're a shitty artist, though," The grey-shirted man added bluntly.
I just found out I had sex with a monkey in a previous life You cant blame me though because it was really long ago, and I was the first Human that wasnt fully a monkey myself.
How Many Muslim Women Does it Take to Screw In a Light Bulb? Silly, Muslim Women aren't allowed to screw in light bulbs.
(Nsfw) what does a sex robot say when he's done with his task? Fuck off
What do gospel and interracial porn have in common? Gifted black people and constant calls to God.
Great deals on circumcisions, Half off!
a guy checks into a questionable hotel with his family as they're checking in, he takes the desk clerk aside. he says, "listen I never stayed here before, I'm with my family, if theres any pornography in the room can you make sure it's disabled please?" the clerk looks at him and replies, "you sick bastard! the pornography in the rooms is regular and doesn't cater to your disgusting fetish!"
What did the Latin guy say after he had sex? Veni. Veni. Veni.
Two old ladies were having a smoke Jane and Arlene were outside their nursing home, having a drink and a smoke, when it starts to rain. Jane pulls out a condom, cuts off the end, puts it over her cigarette, and continues smoking.  **Arlene:** *What in the hell is that?*  **Jane:** *A condom. This way my cigarette doesn't get wet.*  **Arlene:** *Where did you get it?*  **Jane:** *You can get them at any pharmacy.*  The next day, Arlene hobbles herself into the local pharmacy and announces to the pharmacist that she wants a box of condoms. The pharmacist, obviously embarrassed, looks at her kind of strangely (she is, after all, over 80 years of age), but very delicately asks what size, texture, brand of condom she prefers.  *'Doesn't matter Sonny, as long as it fits on a Camel.'*
One day an old man is drinking a beer when his grandson walks in and asks to try it. The old man says "does your dick touch your asshole?" And the little boy says no, so the old man says "you can't try it yet then" A few weeks go by and the old man is smoking a cigar and again his grandson asks to try it, and the old man says "does your dick touch your asshole yet?" The boy is frustrated and says no again so the old man repeats "you can't try it yet then." A few more weeks pass and one day the little boy is eating ice cream and the old man asks to try it, and the little boy says "does your dick touch your asshole?" The old man says yes, so the boy says "good, then go fuck yourself"
After my divorce, I had a sex change  from very seldom to not at all.
How long does it take B. Hussein Obama's mother to take a shit? Nine months.
How many gays does it take to put in a lightbulb? How many gays does it take to put in a lightbulb?  Only one, but it takes a whole emergency room to remove it.
'When I die, I want to go peacefully like my grandfather did – in his sleep. Not yelling and screaming like the passengers in his car.'
How does a gay man fake an orgasm? He spits on his boyfriends back
My doctor wrote me a prescription for dailysex But my girlfriend keeps saying it says dyslexia
What's the difference between rape and football? Girls don't like football.
What's the difference between a pick pocket and a peeping tom. A pick pocket snatches watches.
Yo momma so fat She got an event horizon. 
Why'd the toilet feel abused? Because it took a lot of shit.
What did the tampon say to the other tampon? Nothing, they're stuck up bitches. 
A bear and a rabbit are taking a shit in a forest The bear turns to the rabbit and asks "do you have a problem with shit sticking to your fur?" "No" replies the rabbit. So the bear wipes his ass with the rabbit 
Why is Jabba so fat? Because he goes to Pizza Hutt a lot.  Edit: Best flair 2016
(NSFW) Know how I know you're gay? Your dick tastes like shit
What's white, red, black, blue, and doesn't like sex??? The 9 yr old in my trunk!!!
My father trusted no one. Even had a saying about it. But he wouldn't tell me.
A guy who married this woman. Unfortunately, his dick was too small, so every time they had sex he used a pickle instead of his dick. For seven year's he has been doing that.   One night his wife suspect that something is wrong so while they are having sex she quickly threw the cover and turned on the lights! So the woman said, "What the hell is that, are you using a  pickle on me. I am shocked, and for seven years you have been doing that, you piece of shit."   So the man said, "Shut the fuck up! It's been seven years and I never asked where the hell those kids came from!"
A LESSON IN MORALS One day at the end of class, little Johnny's teacher asks the class to go home and think of a story to be concluded with the moral of that story. The following day the teacher asks for the first volunteer to tell their story. Little Suzy raises her hand. "My dad owns a farm and every Sunday we load the chicken eggs on the truck and drive into town to sell them at the market. Well, one Sunday we hit a big bump and all the eggs flew out of the basket and onto the road." When the teacher asked for the moral of the story, Suzy replied, "Don't keep all your eggs in one basket." Little Lucy went next. "My dad owns a farm too. Every weekend we take the chicken eggs and put them in the incubator. Last weekend only eight of the 12 eggs hatched." Again, the teacher asked for the moral of the story. Lucy replied, "Don't count your chickens before they hatch." Next up was little Johnny. "My uncle Ted fought in the Vietnam war, and his plane was shot down over enemy territory. He jumped out before it crashed but could only take a case of beer, a machine gun and a machete. On the way down, he drank the case of beer. Then he landed right in the middle of 100 Vietnamese soldiers. He shot 70 with his machine gun, but then he ran out of bullets! So he pulled out his machete and killed 20 more. Then the blade on his machete broke, so he killed the last ten with his bare hands." The teacher looked a little shocked. After clearing her throat, she asked what possible moral there could be to this story. "Well," Johnny replied, "Don't f**k with Uncle Ted when he's been drinking."
Moth balls Q: What do you have if you have a mothball in one hand, and a mothball in the other hand?   A: A really big moth!
3 Nazi's walk into a B.A.R. Nuff said
Why did Hitler lose WWII? He did NAZI it coming
A Chinese man and a woman is in a party Having the 'small penis' fetish,the woman drag the Chinese man to a empty room  "Is it true what people say about Chinese?" with a seductive faces  Then the Chinese show his math skill
Before phones were invented Were dick pics called junk mail?
The average person loses their virginity at 17. Congratulations you are above average.
Making a woman cum is a challenge... Making a man cum is so easy - a child could do it...
I had sex with a can of Coke. The doctor told me that I had contracted... ...Genital Burpies.
Have you heard about that new drug that just pisses everyone off? Apparently it's all the rage.
What was the ancient language Link needed a book to translate in "A Link to the Past"? Hyruleglyphics.
I had to judge a small penis contest It was a very eye opening experience for me. 
A man has a 25 inch long penis And he thinks it is way too big, and he looks for ways to make it smaller. One day, he finds out about a witch in the woods who can solve his problem.  When he went to the witch, she told him to look for a frog by the stream and ask the frog to have sex with him. The frog will say no, and his penis will shrink by five inches.  He goes to the frog, and asks him, "will you have sex with me?" The frog said "no!" and his penis shrunk by five inches.  He thought this was great and asked again, "will you have sex with me?" The frog again said "no!" and his penis shrunk by five inches.  The man was very pleased and thought his penis was still a little too big. He decided to ask the frog one last time, "will you have sex with me?"  "How many times do I have to tell you? No! No! No!"
My sex life is like my personal record for the number of days I've been alive I beat it every day
Do you know how I know you're gay? Because your dick taste like shit!
Why is Coolio always able to play craps? He's got a gangsta's pair a dice.
What did the homosexual necrophiliac, after seeing a dead man? He pooped a boner.
My elderly grandfather came over and complained of diarrhea. He repeatedly told everyone "Shh". It took us a while to realize he'd lost "it". 
What do Chinese people call their marijuana edibles? Pot stickers
What happens if you piss yourself in public? Urine trouble
I once knew a gay Irish couple. Their names were Patrick Fitzmichael and Michael Fitzpatrick 
Welcome to the ice cream shop. So a man walks into an ice cream shop. He looks around and then walks up to the clerk. Clerk: "Welcome! How can I help you?" Customer: "Hi, can i have a cup of chocolate ice cream?" Clerk: "I'm sorry sir but we don't actually have any chocolate at the moment. We're all out." Customer looks around again at the different ice cream flavors. Customer: "Okay in that case can I get a small cup of chocolate?" Clerk: "I...I'm sorry. I must not have been clear. We've run out of chocolate ice cream. There is no more. I have 29 other flavors...but no chocolate." Customer: "Oh! I'm sorry. In that case I'll just take a cone of chocolate." Clerk pauses Clerk: "Let me direct you to our menu. Do you see the V-A-N-I in vanilla?" Customer: "Yes." Clerk: "Do you see the S-T-R-A in strawberry?" Customer: "Yes." Clerk: "Do you see the F-U-C-K in chocolate?" Customer: "There's no fuck in chocolate." Clerk: "That's what I've been trying to tell you!"
What's all the useless skin around a vagina called? A woman 
Have you heard about the new super-sensitive condoms? They hang around after the man leaves and talk to the woman.
How do you blindfold an Asian? Dental floss 
What's the similarity between American beer and making love in a canoe? Fucking close to water
What do fat girls do in the summertime? Stink.  
A Man "Walks in" on his son. A man walks in on his son and finds him jerking off. The father looked at his son and said "Son, if you keep doing that, you'll go blind!" The boy looked backed at his dad and said "Dad, i'm over here."  (I heard a comedian tell this joke but I don't remember who.)
Whats long, hard, and full of semen? A submarine.
What does a Jewish man get when he runs into a wall with an erection? a broken nose.
My doctor gave me a prescription of daily sex My girlfriend insists it says dyslexia
A policeman pulled me over right as I was about to climax. He said "put your hands where I can see them, and don't resist. Anything you say will be used against you in a court of law."  So I came quietly.
Never have sex before 20... It can be difficult to perform in front of an audience. 
Women With Big Breasts * can get a taxi on the worst days ... * have a neat place to carry spare change ... * have always been the centre of the arts (art) ... * make jogging a spectator sport ... * can keep a magazine dry while laying in the tub ... * have more negotiating power (with men shorter than them) ... * usually can find leftover popcorn after a movie ... * can always carry a little extra ... * always float better ... * know where to look first for lost earrings ... * rarely lack for a slow dance partner ... * have a place to set their glasses when sitting in an armless recline  sour 
My dad has 2 dicks Little Johnny is sitting in Sex Ed class. The teacher draws a penis on the chalkboard. She turns around and asks the children what this is. Little Johnny stands right up and says "That's a dick! And I know cuz my dad has Two of them!" "Two of them?!" The teacher exclaimed.  "Yeah, he uses the little one to pee and the big one to brush the babysitter's teeth."
What is the difference between Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler? Hitler had big hands
What did the coach say to his star player after he pissed his pants? Hey man urine
A Chinese man works for the Marine Corps A Chinese man is hired for a job managing supplies in the Marine Corps. After about two months working on the ship, the man goes missing on the Captain's birthday.  "Go check the supply room." the Captain says to his Marines. The Captain and his Marines open the supply room, only to find a giant box, sitting in the middle of the floor. With their guns out, they carefully open the box. Suddenly, the Chinese man pops up from out of the box.  "Supplies!!!"
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer? The taste.
I have a world record penis Well, it's technically a tied category: "Been in the least amount of buttholes"
What's the difference between a man's balls and Jehovah's Witnesses? There's none. They both knock on the door, but never goes in!
I hanged myself for being fat The rope broke
Got kicked out of the Renaissance Fair after seeing an Asian wearing a breastplate. I said there was a chink in the armor.
What is 6.9? A great thing ruined by a period.
Why was the black man so tall? ...Because his knee grows.
Woman goes to an Asian doctor: Woman: I don't know what it is, I can't seem to get a date, is something wrong with me?  Doc: Well, take off your clothes.  Now walk away from me.  Now walk towards me.  Ok, I see now. You have Ed Zackary disease.  Got it real bad!  Woman: Oh my, what is that??  Doc: That when your face look Ed Zackary like your ass!
My girlfriend said that my dick Has resting bitch face :( 
Wanna hear a joke about my dick? Never mind, it's too long.
Jack and Jill went up the hill so Jack could lick her candy, But jack got a shock and a mouth full of cock, cause Jill’s real name was Randy
A man walks into a bank... and yells "this is a fuck up!"  confused, the teller says "you mean a stick up?"  "Nope, it's a fuck up, I forgot my gun"
I'm calling my dick "Infinite Warfare" because no one wants it
What do you call a Greek stripper? Popalottapus
I've downloaded so much porn on my smartphone... My SD card's now an STD card.
What's something Comcast is giving you, besides crappy service? TB
A wife gets naked for sex with her husband with no excuses Title says all.
Doctor: You're obese. Patient: Whoa, for that I definitely want a second opinion.  Doctor: You’re quite ugly, too.   
A vampire masturbating into a mirror. You didn't see that coming.
What's the difference between eating out pussy and drinking American Beer? Pussy only tastes like piss in the beginning.
What do you call an addiction to dead black people? Negrophelia.
What does Reddit and Pornhub have in common? Everyone wants to get off after the first page
My girlfriend started smoking so I slowed down and applied lubricant
What do you call a sudden fart? An institute. 
How do puppets have sex? No strings attached.
Why are black people so tall? Because their knee grows.
What do a Catholic Priest and McDonald's have in common? Both like to stick their meat in 10 year old buns.
I'm going to beat you up with my penis. .... It won't even be hard.
what do you call a gay guy on roller skates? Rolaids
Why is it easy for gays to escape a fire?   Because their shit is already packed.
Why do they call it ejaculate... when it's usually early?
All the gingers I know have pretty good morals... I guess you can't really sell your soul to the devil when you don't have one to begin with.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off.
I finally lost my virginity   Congrats, bro, sit down and tell me about it.    Can't sit yet.
What's the best part of Chinese food? The 4/10 cookie
What's the difference between a Ferrari and a boner? I don't have a Ferarri.
What do fat girls and mopeds have in common? They're fun to ride, but you don't want your friend to see you with one. 
How Many Business Analysts Does It Take To Change A Light Bulb? None. The light bulb shall never burn out.  (OK. It's more cathartic than funny...)
A white guy, Asian guys, black guy, and Mexican guy are on the roof of a scyscraper The asian walks to the ledge and says, "This is for all my people" and jumps off the roof. Next, the mexican walks to the ledge and also says, "This is for all my people" and then he jumps off the roof. Next is the black guy's turn. The black guy walks to the ledge and says, "This is for all my people" and then pushes the white guy off the roof. 
Asians are so good at math... ... they can do it with their eyes closed.
why didn't the toilet paper cross the road? Because it got stuck in a crack
How many balls would you expect to find on a billiard table? Depends on how many guys are playing.
What was the Gay Italian Chef's Specialty? Faghetti
I love playing "Army men" with my Girlfriend I just lay on the ground an she blows the hell outta me
I took a poll on what people do with their off hand when they masturbate A white guy said he holds the phone he's watching porn on. An Asian guy said he holds the tissue he finishes into. The black guy said "lol, you have an off hand?"
What is the difference between period blood and sand? You can't gargle sand!
What does a bi-sexual porn star do at work? Fuck all
I recently entered a blindfolded masturbation competition... I haven't seen the results yet so I've no idea where I came...
How come arabs are not circumcised? So they have some place to keep their gum safe during a sand storm. 
Jack and Jill Jack and Jill went up the hill so Jack could eat her candy. Instead he got a shock and a mouth full of cock 'cause Jill's real name is Randy.
Cameron may have fucked a pig, but Johnson fucked us all. Repackaging a Clinton/Bush joke :)
What did the California Highway Patrol officer say to the hooker that was pulled over for speeding? "Lick it, or ticket."
A woman tells her doctor, "Kiss me!" The doctor says "What? Why would I do something like that?"  The woman says again, "Kiss me now!" The doctor replies, "Certainly not!" The woman demands a third time, "Doctor, I want you to kiss me!" The doctor answers, "No! It's unprofessional, highly unethical, and to be honest we probably shouldn't even be having sex right now!"
A little girl and boy are fighting about the differences between the sexes, and which one is better. Finally, the boy drops his pants and says, “Here’s something I have that you’ll never have!” The little girl is pretty upset by this, since it is clearly true, and runs home crying. A while later, she comes running back with a smile on her face. She drops her pants and says, “My mommy says that with one of these, I can have as many of those as I want!”
How do you blindfold an Asian. With Dental Floss.
B.J. Titsengolf A woman arrives at a party and while scanning the crowd spies a handsome man standing on his own.  She makes her move, walking up to him, smiling and saying 'Hi, my name is Carmen.'  'A beautiful name for a beautiful lady,' the man replies 'Is it a family name?'  'No' she says 'I actually chose it for myself, it contains the two things I love the most - cars and men, hence Carmen.'  The man smiles 'Interesting' he replies.  'And what's your name?' the woman asks.  'B.J. Titsengolf'
Daddy what are those big round things on mummies chest?” Dad: They’re balloons son. When mummy dies we can blow them up and she’ll float to heaven.”  Son: Really? Because Uncle Frank was blowing them up yesterday and mummy kept saying “Oh God, I’m coming” but she didn’t float anywhere!  
A dad says to his son, "Son, if you don't stop masturbating you're gonna go blind!" The son replies, "Hey Dad, I'm over here!"
Steve was about to penetrate John when he brought up his ex... He tried to correct himself but was just digging himself a hole.
Argentinians like their sex the same way they like their football. Messi.
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two, but how the fuck did they get in there?
Old Timey Toilet Paper ( A 74 Oldman- just told me this) If you Wipe your ass with a red corn cob &amp; a white corn cob, you know to use the red corn cob first then use a white one to see if you need another red one.
Two classical musicians had sex for the first time together. Woman: "That's a pretty small organ you're playing down there."  Man: "Well, I didn't know I would be performing in Carnegie Hall tonight."
What's the difference between your mom and 3 dicks? Your mom can't take a joke. 
I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather But not like the rest of this joke, getting beaten like a dead horse
A guy starts his first day on the job at a sex shop... when the manager says "I know it is your first day and I'm really sorry, but I have to run out and do some errands.  Do you think you'll be ok?"  The guy says it is fine and it isn't long before he has his first customer, a white woman.  "Do you have any dildos?" she asked  "Yes ma'am, we have black dildos for $20 and white ones for $30."  "I think I'll take a black one, I've never had a black one before."  She pays and leaves, and a bit of time passes before a black woman comes in and asks the same question.  "Black dildos are $20, white are $30" he tells her.  "I'll take a white one, I've never had a white one before"  Then a blonde woman walks in and asks if they sell dildos.  "Yes ma'am, black ones are $20 and white are $30."  "Well...what's that one up there?" she asks pointing to a shelf behind the counter.  "Oh, the plaid dildo?  It is a special edition, it costs $250." he answers.  "I think I'll take the plaid dildo, I've never had a plaid one before". She pays and leaves and then then manager returns.  "So how was your first day? Any sales?" the manager asks.  "Pretty good" the guy answers.  "I sold a black dildo, a white dildo and I sold your Thermos for $250."
Why are straight men smarter during sex? Because they're plugged into a fucking know-it-all.
Walks into a bar: Pissing contest Two men walk into a bar, one wearing a cowboy hat and the other wearing a Yankees cap. The guy in the Yankees cap approaches the bartender and make a bet: "I'll bet you $1,000 that I can put a shot glass at one end of your bar and piss into it from the other end of the bar without spilling a drop."  The bartender laughs and says, "You're crazy, but you're on."  The man positions a shot glass on one end, walks to the other end and unzips his fly. He then pisses everywhere -- all over the walls, over the bar top, all over the bottles of booze, and all over the bartender. The bartender roars with laughter and tells the man to pay up.  The guy in the Yankees cap pays up, laughing and smiling, too.  "What are you smiling at?" asks the bartender. "You just lost $1,000!"  "Well, you see that guy in the cowboy hat over there crying? Before we came in, I bet him $10,000 that I could piss all over your bar, your walls, your liquor AND you, and not only would you not be mad -- you would laugh hysterically about it!"
Why did the vampire pull out? He needed permission to come inside.
I read this shit every fucking day in /r/jokes... I read this shit every fucking day in /r/jokes.
What is a Nazi's favorite breakfast? Luftwaffles
How many 'suh goods' does it take to screw in a light bulb? none its already lit sam hahahah ssoooohh
What do you call a Penis inside a Potato? A dictator
A black man walks into a gun store in Texas. "I would like to see that glock on the display wall"  "I am sorry sir we are out of stock for those" replied the salesman. "Ok, show me the one beside it, the rifle" "We are out of those, as well"  Suspecting the salesman is a racist he goes to a lawyer. When the lawyer, who is white, walks into the store and asks, "what have you got against blacks..." when he is interrupted. "Well we have handguns, rifles, shotguns..."
Why do many people call my penis the 'Big Mac'? Because it doesn't look as good or as big as it did in the adverts.  :(
TIL that the current chinese president Xi Jinping, has a PhD in English literature. That's why the Chinese people call him "The Great Reader".
What's the difference between a priest and a pimple? A pimple will wait until puberty before it comes on a boy's face!
How does Kylo Ren celebrate Father's Day? Solo
Religion is like a penis It's perfectly acceptable to have one, but unacceptable to flaunt yours in public.
Shit happens You know what they say: shit happens. That's why every time something bad happens, I pray for constipation.
Why did Hitler REALLY kill himself? He got his gas bill
Vagina jokes are not funny, Period
Why did Hitler really commit suicide? Because gas prices were too high
An obese man was walking down a street one day when he noticed a sign in the window of a building.  Lose 5 lbs guaranteed or your money back!  Curious he walked in and asked about the offer.   "It's quite simple. Go into the room on the left and remove all your clothes." said the receptionist.   Unable to contain his curiosity the man entered the room and removed his clothes. Across the room entered the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.   "If you catch me you can fuck me" she said.   The man began chasing her around and around the room but was unable to catch her. Huffing and puffing he weighed himself afterwards and was happy to see he lost 6 lbs!   The next day the man went back and saw another sign.  Lose 20 lbs or your money back  Excitedly he walked in and put down his money.  "Thank you" said the receptionist. "Please enter the room on your right and remove your clothes."  The man rushed in a removed his clothes ready to pounce when another beautiful woman walked in.   The largest black man with a huge dick walked in.  "If I catch you" he says "I get to fuck you..."
What's Gordon Ramsay's favorite sex position? FUCKING RAAAWWW!!!
If you thought black people were mad about the Oscars... wait until the nominations come out for the World's Greatest Dad Award.
TIL: Diarrhea is hereditary... It runs in your jeans.
How many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs? None, he fell.
Why is Japan the only country to celebrate the Penis? Because it's kawaii.
What do you call a group of lions that is homosexual? Gay pride.
My wife accused me of being a transvestite... So I packed her things and left. 
I'm pretty sure chemists are Nazis They're always trying to get a final solution
What is a female peacock? A peacunt
I wrote a terrible race joke today. My friends told me never to tell it. Here it is: Why was the white man chasing the black man? Because he was in first place.
Please don't joke about the holocaust, my grandfather died at Auschwitz He had everything taken away from him. He was a lawyer, then they didn't let Jews practice laws, so he packed shells full of explosive powder for 12 hours a day, then he was sent to the camps where he dug holes until a guard shot him for no reason. He was exterminated. That guard was never tried and ended up being a dentist in Stuttgart after the war.
"Dad why do your penis look so different from mine?" "Because mine is hard."
There are 2 types of people in this world: Those who pee in the shower... And stinkin' LIARS! 
What do neo-Nazis do on Hitler's birthday? Heil if I know
If American dogs dig holes to China, where do Chinese dogs dig holes to? Nowhere, slaughterhouses have concrete floors.
What did the palestinians give Yasser Arafat when he died? A 21 stone salute!
What's the difference between anal and oral sex? Oral sex will make your day, anal sex will make your hole weak.
What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer? The taste.
What is the brown sticky stuff between an elephant's toes? Slow natives.
What did King Trident say when he stepped in the whale poop? OH CARP!!!
Gay dudes are fucking assholes! Straight dudes are fucking vaginas.
Some racist jokes What is the difference between viruses and Arabs?   Viruses can be cultured.   What is the difference between viral infection and Arab immigration?   Host doesn't always die from viral infection.   What is the difference between Angela Merkel and Immune system of Aids patients?   No difference. Both are incompetent at stopping nasty infestations.
What did Hitler call his favorite piece of furniture? Mein Kampfy Chair
school is like a boner, long and hard. unless if youre an asian.
Hitler had a half-deaf secretary..... Hitler is fuming furious one day, he called his half-deaf secretary to his office after recieving some news. He yells, "Glass of juice, not gas the jews!"
In a communist country, what does a woman say to a man before having sex? I want you to seize my means of reproduction.
How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One to hold it in place and forty more to get drunk enough to make the room start spinning.
I once farted in an apple store, everyone got mad. It's not my fault they don't have windows...﻿
"Meet sexy singles in your area!" Why do I always recognize the girls in the "Meet sexy singles in your area!" from 4chan? I didn't know there were so many girls in my area on 4chan!
The Energizer Bunny is starting a career in porn... They put his batteries in backwards and he keeps coming and coming and coming.
Nazi Grandfather As a German I occasionally have to put up with some Nazi crap. That is normally the time when I tell them that my grandfather died in a concentration camp. After receiving that information the person making the Nazi remarks generally becomes very quiet and seems rather embarrassed. That is until I elucidate and inform them that he was rather drunk and fell off the watchtower...
Doctor, I have a sexual problem. "Doctor," the embarrassed man said, "I have a sexual problem. I can't get it up for my wife anymore.  "Mr. Garrett, bring her back with you tomorrow and let me see what I can do."  The next day, the worried fellow returned with his wife. "Take off your clothes, Mrs. Garrett," the medic said. "Now turn all the way around. Lie down please. Uh-huh, I see. Okay, you may put your clothes back on."  The doctor took the husband aside. "You're in perfect health," he said. "Your wife didn't give me an erection either."
An American woman, a Japanese woman, and a Filipino woman joined a contest to know who had the widest gaping vagina. The American woman stepped onto the stage and put in a can of coke in her vagina. The crowd clapped.  The Japanese woman stepped onto the stage and put in a big watermelon in her vagina. The crowd applauded.  The Filipino woman stepped onto the stage and put a coin in her vagina. The crowd booed. The Filipino woman held a microphone to her mouth. She sang to the tune of a jukebox. The crowd went hysterical.
Gaytway 'Gay' is a tricky word. If someone asks 'are you gay?' If you respond no, it mean you are not happy with your life...if your response is yes, it means you are not happy with your wife!
Why did Hitler move from Germany to Westeros in full support of the Starks? Because he saw real hope for an Aryan nation.
What do you call it when you get a blowjob from a woman with Zika? A little head
Chess is actually quite easy... Knight takes Rook, King takes Queen, and Bishop molests the Pawns.
How do you know someone is fat? You have to calculate their stomach in terms of π.
What do you call a gay Frenchman? A faguette.   (Sorry if offensive)
What's the difference between a vegan, a crossfit instructor, and a psychological test subject? The test subject is the only one you'd willingly ask to "tell us about yourself."
This thorn bush just stabbed my wife in her vagina. What a fucking prick.
They should put advertisements on The Hulk He's a giant Banner
Seems like /r/jokes likes puns about penises... Hey, I won't dick-scriminate.
I was gonna post a joke about me being a shitty seller on eBay But my delivery has horrible timing.
Where's the safest place to keep a Man-eating toilet? The women's room.
I sexually identify as a table. That is all. 
A man browsing a porn site clicks a video titled "Monster cock destroys wet young pussy" Eagerly awaiting the video to load with dick in hand, he is surprised when he sees a two-headed rooster attacking a kitten in a pool.
Genderfluid? I just call that semen
My dad caught me sniffing at my sister's underwear ...while she was still wearing it.  Everyone in the funeral couldn't believe what they were seeing
Why fart and waste it? When you can burp and taste it. 
A smurf walks into a sports store that exclusively sells sports balls.  he walks to the manager of the store's desk and asks if they have anything blue. He says no. Then the secretary comes up from below the desk. The manager changes his mind
What's a Freudian slip? Two old men are playing a round of golf. One says, "in my old age, I find myself making more Freudian slips." The other says "what's a Freudian slip"?  The first man says, "is when you intend to say one thing, but actually say what you were really thinking. Like the other day, I had a new secretary, as I was leaving the office, I meant to say 'see you next time' but actually said 'knee you sex time'. It was really just embarrassing."  The other man says, "oh, yeah, I have Freudian slips all the time, then. Just this morning my wife made eggs and bacon. I meant to ask her to pass the salt, but instead I said "you bitch, you've ruined my life."
I'm having a hard time with not using sexual innuendos. But it's hard *So hard*
Paddy And Murphy Are In The Pub Paddy and Murphy are havin' a pint in the pub, when some scuba divers come on the TV. Paddy says, "Murphy, why is it them deep sea divers always sit on the side of the boat with them air tanks on their backs, and fall backwards out of the boat?" Murphy thinks for a minute then says, "That's easy. It's 'cos if they fell forwards, they'd still be in the friggin boat!"
How many atheists does it take to screw in a lightblub? An infinite amount. They would deny the existence of the light bulb.
Yet another redneck finds out his girlfriend is a virgin... A redneck finds out his girlfriend is a virgin. Upon hearing this, he stands up, turns away from her, and leaves without a word.  Later, when his buddies see him sad at the bar they ask what went wrong, he explains...  "My mom just told me I'm adopted"
What do you call a barn full of black people? A police shooting range.
A man gets the words "I love you" tattooed to his penis. He goes home and tears his pants off, eager to show his girlfriend.  She looks at him and shakes her head saying "There you go again trying to put words in my mouth".  
Morning Sex.... She was standing in the kitchen, preparing our usual soft-boiled eggs and toast for breakfast, wearing only The 'T' shirt that she normally slept in.  As I walked in, almost awake, she turned to me and said softly, "You've got to make love to me this very moment!"  My eyes lit up and I thought, "I am either still dreaming or this is going to be my lucky day!" Not wanting to lose the moment, I embraced her and then gave it my all; right there on the kitchen table.  Afterwards she said, "Thanks," and returned to the stove, her T-shirt still around her neck.  Happy, but a little puzzled, I asked, "What was that all about?" She explained, "The egg timer's broken." 
I once put a bunch of grapes in a woman's vagina.... She didn't say much, she just let out a little wine.
[HIGHLY OFFENSIVE] TRANSGENDER MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE
So I have a pretty good fathers day joke Can't wait to tell my dad when he finally brings the milk home
What's the difference between a naked white woman and a naked black woman One is on the cover of playboy while the other is on the cover of national geographic
One day a gay dies and finds himself in hell As he is wallowing in despair, he has his first meeting with the devil.  Satan: Why so glum?  Gay: What do you think? I'm in hell!  Satan: Hell's not so bad. We actually have a lot of fun down here. Are you a drinking man?  Gay: Sure, I love to drink.  Satan: Well you're gonna love Mondays then. On Mondays that's all we do is drink. Whiskey, tequila, Guinness, wine coolers, diet tab and colas. We drink till we throw up and then we drink some more! And we don't worry about getting a hangover because you're dead anyway.  Gay: Gee, that sounds great!  Satan: You a smoker?  Gay: You better believe it!  Satan: All right! You're gonna love Tuesdays. We get the finest cigars from all over the world and smoke our lungs out. If you get cancer no biggie, you're already dead, remember?  Gay: Wow... that's awesome!  Satan: I bet you like to gamble.  Gay: Why yes, as a matter of fact I do.  Satan: Well on Wednesdays you can gamble all you want. Craps, Blackjack, Roulette, Poker, Slots. If you go bankrupt... you're dead anyhow. Do you do drugs??  Gay: Are you kidding? Love drugs! You don't mean...  Satan: That's right! Thursday is drug day. Help yourself to a great big bowl of crack, or smack. Smoke a doobie the size of a submarine. You can do all the drugs you want, you're dead, who cares.  Gay: WOW! I never realized Hell was such a cool place!  Satan: You straight?  Gay: No...  Satan: Ooooh You're gonna hate Fridays. 
[Breaking] Muslim terrorists have crashed a speedboat full of explosives into the base of the Hoover Dam... Police suspect this might be the first attack in a month long operation named Ramadam.
How to have sex in minecraft Plant your seeds with a hoe.
College is like unprotected sex... Good until you get tested 
What was Hitler's least favorite drink? Gin and Jews
What happened to the guy who grew a second butt? He made an "ass" of himself!
The shortage of transplant kidneys in Britain is pretty bad But at least they have a liver pool.
Wanna Wank??? A guy is on a business trip and he's staying in this fancy hotel. He goes up to his room, and there's a sign near the bed that says: Try our Oriental Massage.  So he rings down to the reception desk and tells the clerk that he'd like to try one of these massages. About ten minutes later this Japanese lady comes up and starts giving him a massage.  He's lying on his stomach and getting pretty horny. She tells him to turn over and he does, revealing a huge boner.  "Ahh, you want w*nky!" she giggles.  "Oooh, yes!" he leers.  She runs off into the bathroom and he lies on the bed waiting.  A few minutes later she sticks her head out from behind the door and says, "You finish yet?"
What happens if a black people get kids? They'll already be in parole.
I Like my slaves how i like my coffee………… Free
Virgin Bride A woman was going to marry one of those guys that wants a virgin bride. Since she was not, she went to a doctor to reconstruct her hymen. The doctor told her that would cost around $500, but there was another way that will cost only $50. The woman agreed to try the cheap way, paid the money, and the doctor worked on her for several minutes. After the first night, the woman came back to the doctor and told him that it was perfect. The pain, the blood, everything was there. She asked him how he did it. “i tied your pubic hair together” he answered. 
What did one tampon say to the other? Nothing, they were both stuck up cunts.
Its ironic that the gay club was called "pulse"... As 50 people didn't have one after the shooting
Did you hear about the girl whose boobs disappear 5 minutes every day? She suffers from short-term mammary loss.
I feel like there are two rules in life. Take responsibility for yourself, and stay the fuck out of the way.
What did Terry-Thomas say before giving oral? "I say, Mind the gap"  
A gay schizophrenic walks into a bar ... ... and tonight he's in luck, for it appears there are many attractive and naked drunk men all over these strange looking rectangular tables.  Many are also having sex under these unique heavy tablecloths.  He hears a voice calling out from one of the tables, and the schizo immediately jumps in and has sex with the man under the tablecloth.  The man is screwed so well he screams in pure joy.  The schizophrenic moves from table to table having sex with each man.    After about thirty-minutes pass, the schizo is satisfied and he leaves the bar only to find several policemen drawing their guns to him.  The schizo asks the policeman who cuffs him why it was wrong for him to have sex with men on those tables.  "Tables?!  Men?!" the policeman says, taken aback.  "Those were beds sir.  You just went into an orphanage."
Tonight i got drunk and fucked my girlfriend the same way i did before we were dating. I didnt fuck her. 
Your momma so fat... Yo momma is so fat when she is playing Pokemon go she can see all pokemons on her cell phone
What's the difference between a gay guy and a pizza? A gay guy doesn't come in a box.
Which animal is the faggiest? A chim-PANSY
Sex with three people is called a threesome, and two people is a twosome Now I know why everyone calls you handsome
What's the difference between a strip club and a golf club? A strip club has swinging knock-out women, but a good golf club swing knocks out women.
This morning I ran into Hitler. I was very surprised to see him and asked him what he was up to? He said "This time I am going to kill 6 million Jews and two clowns!"   "Two Clowns? Why are you going to kill two clowns?"   "See? Nobody cares about zee Jews."
A little boy is hit by a bus... ...and things are not looking good. So an old lady leans over and says to the boy:  "Son you got hit pretty bad, I know it's hard to hear the truth but I'm afraid you might meet Jesus soon. Would you like to see a priest?"  To which the little boy replies:  "How can you think about sex in a time like this?"
A rabbit goes to take a shit in the forest and sees a bear, right in his spot, taking a shit. The bear sees the rabbit and asks:  "I love this spot, but don't you hate it when the shit sticks to your fur? Does that happen to you?"  The rabbit smiles and says:  "Yes the shit does stick to my fur!? I hate it when that happens"  The bear smiles and says:  "Great!"  Then picks up the rabbit and uses it to wipe his arse.
I do this trick where I masturbate and land all of the semen on a rolex. Wanna come watch?
What happens after you make out with a Japanese girl? Her cherries blossom.   *exit stage left*
A man was in Japan, and had hired a prostitute And as he was going at it, she was screaming "Fujifoo! Fujifoo!"  He took this as that she was screaming with pleasure, and kept going. The next day, he was playing golf with some Japanese friends. On one hole, he manages to score a hole in one. He jumps up into the air and exclaims "Fujifoo!" His friends say to him "No, no, it's the right hole..."
A little Indian boy asked his father... ...the big chief and witch doctor of the tribe, "Papa, why is it that we always have long names, while the white men have shorter names - Bill, Tex or Sam, for example?" His father replied, "Look, son, our names represent a symbol, a sign, or a poem for our culture not like the white men, who live all together and repeat their names from generation to generation. Also, it is part of our makeup that in spite of everything, we survive. For example, your sister's name is Small Romantic Moon Over The Lake, because on the night she was born, there was a beautiful moon reflected in the lake. Then there's your brother, Big White Horse of the Prairies, because he was born on a day that the big white horse who gallops over the prairies of the world appeared near our camp and is a symbol of our capacity to live and the life force of our people. It's very simple and easy to understand. Do you have any other questions, Little Broken Condom Made in China?
I was at my GF's house hanging with her and her smoking hot younger sister My girlfriend leaves the room leaving me alone with her sister.  She's been gone for a while when her sister climbs up on top of me and says "we should have sex right this second, any way you want it, before my sister gets back".  I immediately throw her off and start walking out.  My girlfriend is waiting outside the room and kisses me, saying I won her trust.     Lesson learned: always keep condom in the car
A woman in labor is in pain and screaming profanity at her husband from her hospital bed. He says, "Hey, don't blame me! I wanted to stick it in your ass, but N-O-O-O-O, you said that might hurt!"
Is it ok to sleep with a second cousin? It must be, because the first one didn't seem to mind. 
A father, feeling sorry for his severely deformed son, decided to take him to the bar... It was the son's 21st birthday, after all.  His deformity was horrible, he was just a head.  No arms, no torso, no legs.  At the bar, the father sat him on the table and ordered two beers.  As the son finished his first beer ever in his life, a torso popped out.  His father was overjoyed and sat his son up in the chair.   "Bartender!!!  Another beer ASAP!"  After the last gulp of the second beer, arms and hands popped out of the son's torso.  More joy and celebration.  "Bartender!!! Quick, another beer!"  You guessed it.  After the last gulp of beer, legs with feet popped out of the son's torso.  He was a complete human being.  Naked, but complete.  The father and son cried tears of joy and hugged each other desparately.  "Bartender!  Another beer to celebrate!"  The son finished his beer in one big gulp and commenced to just disappear altogether.  The father cried and started searching the bar for his missing son.  The bartender yelled from behind the bar "You shoulda quit while he was still a head..." 
My wife is a sex object Every time I ask for sex she objects.
How many clergymen does it take to screw a lightbulb? Amen.  
"Where do babies come from?" Asked the little boy...  Perplexed, his dad answers "well they come from the store, son."  Kid looks at him with disgust and goes "eww you had sex with the store?"
Grandma and grandpa were visiting their kids Grandma and Grandpa were visiting their kids overnight . When Grandpa found a bottle of Viagra in his son's medicine cabinet, he asked about using one of the pills. The son said, "I don't think you should take one Dad, they're very strong and very expensive." "How much?" asked Grandpa. "$10.00 a pill," answered the son. "I don't care," said Grandpa, "I'd still like to try one, and before we leave in the morning, I'll put the money under the pillow. " Later the next morning, the son found $110 under the pillow. He called Grandpa and said, "I told you each pill was $10, not $110. "I know," said Grandpa. "The hundred is from Grandma!"
Did you hear about what happened when the anime studio tried to make a sex-ed video? Kids kept getting confused about why the octopus was showing up.
Why God impregnated Mary? Because instead of "Oh Joseph! Cum in me!", Mary said "Oh God! Cum in me!"
Lad who i have started seeing thought he was funny this morning with this one...Yesterday, I accidentally sent a picture of my dick to everyone in my address book. Not only was it embarrassing but it cost a fortune in stamps.
Q1: what is a Jehovah's witness's favorite spice? Q2: what is a pornstar's favorite spice?  A: cumin, obviously 
How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb? Two. But don't ask me how they got in there.
[Long] An American, Asian and Australian were on a plane... The plane was about to crash and the pilot said, everyone needs to throw something off the plane to make it lighter.  The American grabs a flag saying we have plenty of these in our country and throws it off, the Asian grabs some chopsticks and says we have plenty of these in our country and throws them off the plane.  The Australian looks around and can't bear to part with anything, then he has an idea.  The Australian picks up the Asian saying we have plenty of these in our country and throws him off the plane.
What's a gay guy's favourite part of Wimbledon? The men's semi's 
My wife accused me of being a transvestite So I stood up packed her clothes and left. 
A Muslim entered a gay bar No one walked out of the bar that day.
TIFU by sleeping with a guy for the first time I'm a 27 year old Lesbian, and I've always thought I'm just a lesbian. I figured it out when I was about 13, and since then I've never really been attracted to boys at all. I've never ever been interested in boys or having a relationship with one. I have many guy friends, but I've never been sexually attracted to any of them in any sense of the word, or any male really.   I've always been attracted to women. I'd walk down the street, I'd see a woman, and I'd in my head imagine being with her for a night. I'm really shy about it, and I never talk about sexuality in open, except with my partner, since I'm really, really shy about it. But I am a very sexual person towards women, I think about almost every woman I come in contact with who is moderately attractive. I was in a relationship with a girl for the past 5 years. I really loved her, I thought we were going to be together forever, I really did. Over the past year things started to get bumpy, and she really began changing.   Her personality changed and she wasn't the girl I fell in love with. She was sometimes becoming really violent and abusive, and the next day would be very meek and apologetic, and then would go back to being angry. I couldn't deal with her anymore, it reached a certain point where I felt... I just didn't care for her anymore as a person. This was going on for a year so when we decided to break up, it was so clear this was what had to happen. She wanted to still 'stay friends'. I was struggling to hold back the tears, but many came through.    I refused, I said no, it was over, no friends, no nothing, we're through. She got angry, said some really nasty things, I got scared a little, but then it was over. I was just left with my tears. The next few days were terrible, I would spend a lot of the time crying. And this is when it happened. I have one friend, he's really close, he's probably one of my best friends. He's a straight guy, but he's also 22, so he's much younger than me. He knows I'm lesbian and has always been there for me, we've known each other for maybe 2 years, 2 and a half years. We haven't known each other that long, but our friendship flourished from the get-go.    There was never any romantic tension or sexual sparks between us, he knew I was strictly into women and respected that. We were together at my home, we were talking. When I say we, it was mostly me. I was just going on and on about her, and what she meant to me, and how she hurt me. He kept reassuring me that I did the right decision because she was becoming borderline abusive, but I had convinced myself that I still loved her. He was telling me I shouldn't do this to myself, and I deserve much better. I was the one who initiated it, it was all me. I don't know what came over me.    He was sitting on the couch, and I pressed forward with him, trying to come on to him, trying to kiss him. He was at first resistant and was unsure of what I was doing, he said "what are you doing" "are you sure, you want this." I told him "please, this is what I want", and then he went with it too. I then led him up to the bedroom in my house, things started getting heated and suddenly he asked for some money! I quickly looked again and realized he was an extinct reptile from the Mesozoic era and I was like "Damnit Loch Ness monster! I ain't givin you no treefiddy!"
How many frat boys does it take to screw in a light bulb? Let's count. One to try to turn it on. When that fails, another to go look for a replacement lying around the house. One to do the screwing. And then at least a couple more to watch and snap photos while it's happening.    The light bulb joke is a metaphor for campus rape. It relies on a common and vicious stereotype of fraternities, who we all know are the true victims here.
A Japanese-looking foreigner walks into a restaurant.. who only serves Japanese people.   At the entrance, he was asked to take off his pants. After he did, the waiter said "You're not Japanese! And invites him to leave"   Curious, he asks the waiter, "That's amazing, how can you tell? "  The waiter replies: "Your genitals are not censored!"
What do you do with an elephant with 3 balls? Walk him and pitch to the rhino.
Subject-Object-Verb language problems An Italian gives a speech in a conference hall filled with English, French and Japanese people. The speaker speaks Italian, and his speech gets simultaneously translated into English, French and Japanese through audiosets.   At one point, the speaker starts telling a joke. All the English and the French people start laughing, tears coming from their eyes; whereas all the Japanese are just calmly listening, all with serious faces.  One of the English can't hold himself and goes to a Japanese and asks: "Why aren't you guys laughing? Don't you find it funny?"  To which, the Japanese respond: "We're waiting for the verb." 
What do gay men say when they pray? AHHH **MEN**
How do you starve a fat man? Put his McDonald's coupons under his gifted gym membership.
My daughter asked me what "fap fap fap" means... I think I should stop commenting on her Facebook pictures.
Whats Hitlers least favourite pokemon? Pikajew!
Why do we hate making up gay jokes? Because it's always a pain in the ass
Why do blondes wear panties? To keep their ankles warm.
How do you know you're at a gay BBQ? All the hot dogs taste like shit.
Little Johnny lives with his mother on a farm... One day he comes running in and screams: "Mommy, Mommy, the bull is fucking the cow!"  His Mother slaps him hard and says: "We don't use language like that in this house, the next time it happens, say 'The bull is *surprising* the cow.'" Rubbing his cheek, Little Johnny walks away.   A couple of days go by and Little Johnny runs in again, screaming "Mommy, Mommy, the bull is surprising all the cows!", his Mother turns around and says "That's not possible, he can't be surprising all the cows at once"   Little Johnny says: "Yes he can, because he's fucking the horse!"
What do you call it when two transgender people go on a couples cruise around Hawaii? A trans pacific partner ship.
In Bed With The Wife A man and his wife got into bed for the night. The wife had curled up ready for sleep and the husband put his bed lamp on to read a book. As he was reading, he stopped and reached over to his wife and started fondling her gina. He did this only for a very short while then stopped and went back to reading his book.  The wife got up and started stripping in front of him. The husband was confused and asked, "What are you doing, taking all your pajamas off?" The wife replied, "You were playing with my private parts. I thought it was foreplay for something a bit heavier!"  The husband said, "Hell no! I was just wetting my fingers so I could turn the pages.
Why did the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong socks today.
Stop making fun of fat people with lisps!!! They're thick and tired of it.
I bought a new sex doll... it's so realistic she doesn't wanna have sex with me.
What does wearing crocs and getting a blowjob from a man have in common? They both feel good until you look down and realize you're gay.  TAKE THAT CROC LOBBY #againstbigcroc   I understand if I get downvoted. 
How do you circumcise a redneck? Kick his sister's chin
Why does Gordon Ramsey always use condoms? Because he hates fucking raw!
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea? Salad shooter.
Where do poor meatballs live? In the Spaghetto.    (I 've seen this on reddit before, one of my all time favorites though!)
I just had sex with a pregnant girl and told my buddies I had a threesome 
What do you call a black woman in space? An astronaut, you douchebag.
A 10 year old boy with a dead frog on a stick walks up to a brothel He knocks on the door, and the madam answers. She says "I'm sorry, we can't serve a boy as young as you here."  The boy hands the madam a crisp 100 dollar bill, and she says "right this way." The madam lines up her best girls, and asks the boy to choose one. The boy asks "Do any of them have herpes?" She says "No! Of course not. None of our girls have herpes." So the boy hands her another 100 dollar bill and the madam says "right this way." They walk into the brothels kitchen, and there is a fat girl scrubbing the floors.  The boy asks "Does she have herpes?" The madam says yes, so the boy hands her yet another 100 dollar bill and they go into a private room. The boy comes out 15 minutes later, and the madam asks him "I don't understand, you're so young! Why would you want herpes?" The boy replies, "Well, I'm going to fuck the babysitter, the babysitter is going to fuck my dad, my dad's going to fuck my mom, my mom is going to fuck the mailman who killed my frog."
What sexual position guarantees the ugliest baby? Go ask your mother
This Dutch guy told me he could easily translate German. But I have my own duits.
Why are Ethiopians so good at blowjobs? Because they have to swallow everything they can 
Do you know what they call leprechaun pee? Urine luck!
I remember the first time I had sex... I still have the receipt   :')
What do you call a virgin redneck? An orphan
Four gay guys are headed to happy hour When they get to the bar there is only one stool. They're about to leave to find a less crowded bar where they can sit and relax when the bar tender puts up his finger for them to wait, runs around the bar and flips over the stool.
So a guy travelled back in time to show our forefathers Pokemon Go ... "Hey, 18th-century dude!  Over here!  "The morrow to you ... oddly-dressed stranger.  And who do I have the pleasure of speaking with today?"  "My name's Dave, and this is Pokemon Go!"  "My heavens, why is there a small man trapped in that queer glass rectangle?!"  "It tracks your movements in real life and projects them onto a screen.  But I must ask: Do *you* play Pokemon Go?!"  "What in tarnation is a *Pokemon Go*?  We have a compass, if that's what you're attempting to describe."  "*What*?"  "A *com-pass*.  *Do you un-der-stand?*?  "..."  "..."  "That's disgusting.  I can't believe that was a thing during this time."
I was telling a girl in the pub about my ability to guess what day a woman was born just by feeling her boobs... "Really?" she said, "Go on then...try." After about thirty seconds of fondling she lost patience and demanded "Come on, what day was I born?" “Yesterday." I replied.
My girlfriend said I have a good looking penis She said it was impeckerable
What does an omnipotent God do with his penis? Fuck all.
I called that Rape Advice Line earlier today.  Unfortunately, it's only for victims.
I masturbate with soap Just thought i would come clean
A 13 year old boy tells his mom he had sex with his teacher The boy's father comes home to find his wife standing at the door waiting for him and he knows something's wrong. His wife says, "Timmy said he had sex with his teacher."   The dad goes up to Timmy's room to find him laying on his stomach looking sad. He asks, "is this true, Timmy? Did you really have sex with your teacher?"   Timmy nods yes.   The dad screams, "I can't believe it! I'm so proud of you! I didn't have sex until I was in college! You know what, I was waiting until your birthday to get you a new bike but I'm taking you today."  They drive to the bike store and the dad is bragging to everyone there that his son had sex.   He comes home the next day to see the bike in the garage, stickers and tags still on it. He goes up to Timmy's room and asks, "how come you didn't ride the new bike? I thought you wanted one."   Timmy says, "I do, dad. It's just ... my butt still hurts."
I'll never forget my grandfather's last words.. "Stop shaking the ladder you little shit" 
Emotion Costume Party A lady is throwing a party where each guest shows up as their favorite emotion. A guest arrives dressed in green. "Envy!" she says, and lets him in. A lady comes dressed in red. She says, "Anger!" and lets her in. Two naked guys walk up to the front door. One guy is holding a bowl of pudding with his penis stuck in it, and the other guy has his penis in a hollowed-out pear. "Wait a minute," she says to them. "This is supposed to be an emotion party!" The first guy says, "Yeah, and I'm f**king dis-custard." The second guy says, "And I'm deep in dis-pear."
How do you tell the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer? The taste.
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea? One shucks between fits.
Don't have shower sex It's a slippery slope that leads to bath things
What did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? Wiped his butt.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common...  they should both be changed regularly… and for the same reason.
Trump and Cruz are fighting over whose dick is bigger and whose spouse is a bigger whore. Two more contests Hillary will win.  
What do you call someone who is open with their kids about their sex change? Transparent
What do you call a group of smart gay men that all look the same? Homogenius
What did the two gay sailors bring on their camping trip? Their sextant!
What do you call a urologist who accidentally dumps his entire practice's supply of Flomax down the drain? In trouble with his peers.
Why was Good Friday a favorite Nazi holiday? Because people all over the world celebrated the death of a Jew.
Why british wete at war with nazi germany? Because they couldnt afford another Aryans stealing their tea.
So I farted in an apple store Everyone got mad so I said too bad you don't have windows
In DC there's two types of black people Lawmakers and lawbreakers
I've just ordered a procrastinating blowup doll with real orgasm effect It's coming tomorrow
I was considering getting a sex-change... But I lost my tran of thought.
When did the time traveler know he fucked up? When he fucked his grandma.
Chinese Torture A young man was wandering, lost, in a forest when he came upon a small house. Knocking on the door he was greeted by an ancient Chinese man with a long, gray beard. "I'm lost," said the man. "Can you put me up for the night?"   "Certainly," the Chinese man said, "but on one condition. If you so much as lay a finger on my daughter I will inflict upon you the three worst Chinese tortures known to man."   "OK," said the man, thinking that the daughter must be pretty old as well, and entered the house. Before dinner the daughter came down the stairs. She was young, beautiful and had a fantastic figure. She was obviously attracted to the young man as she couldn't keep her eyes off him during the meal - it didn't hurt his chances that he was the first man she had seen besides her father in years. Remembering the old man's warning he ignored her and went up to bed alone. But during the night he could bear it no longer and snuck into her room for a night of passion. He was careful to keep everything quiet so the old man wouldn't hear and, near dawn, he crept back to his room, exhausted but happy.  He woke to feel a pressure on his chest. Opening his eyes he saw a large rock on his chest. The old man was standing over him "First Chinese torture test: Large rock on chest." "Well, that's pretty crappy," he thought. "If that's the best the old man can do then I don't have much to worry about." He picked the boulder up, waddled over to the window and heaved the boulder out. As he did so the old man smiled softly, "Second Chinese torture test: Rock tied to left testicle." In a panic he glanced down and saw the line that was already getting close to taut. Figuring that a few broken bones was better than castration, he jumped out of the window after the boulder. As he plummeted downward the old man leaned out the window with a large grin, "Third Chinese torture test: Right testicle tied to bedpost." 
I started a company... I started a company selling land mines that look like prayer mats.  Prophets are going through the roof.
How many Orthodox Hasidic Jews does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, ya mensch. It's Shabbat.
The Welsh people were the first people to invent the condom by using sheep's intestine. The English later improved the concept by removing it from the sheep first. 
What did Picard say when Riker asked him what kind of Chinese food he wanted? "Make it Tso's Number One."
What do you call an emotionless Asian woman? A rice queen!
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather Not yelling and screaming, like the passengers in his car.
A black man meets a white girl in a club. They go back to the girls house and  start making out. The girl says seductively "show me that its true what they say about Black Guys". The man then precedes to stab the girl take her purse and   run off faster then the wind.
A woman was masturbating furiously on the subway The police were going to arrest her, but she got off.
After masturbating I feel really guilty I just can't stand the fact that I ejaculated to such unrealistic depictions of beauty!
A man has a heart attack while having sex with his wife. When asked about it later his son replied, "Well at least he died doing what he loved."
How many dead hookers does it take to screw in a light bulb? I don't know, but it's not five, because my basement is still dark. 
My son was thrown out of school today for letting a girl in his class wank him off. I said " son thats 3 schools this year, maybe teaching isn't for you"
My Christian friend got caught masturbating to a hymn It gave a whole new meaning to 'O Come All Ye Faithful'
A (Non-Racist) Chinese Joke A Chinese man and a Chinese woman get married. They have a baby boy. What color is the sun?  &amp;nbsp;  Yellow.
I can't cook. My strategy for operating the oven is basically the same as my strategy for sex I do my best to turn it on, then I stick my stuff in and hope for the best.
I'd tell you a joke about fellatio, but it sucks.
Fat girls are like mopeds. They're fun to ride until your friends find out.
Did you hear about Donald Trump's porno? It stars Trump himself, a Mexican woman, and a glory hole. 
What do black fathers and Santa Claus have in common? Neither are going to show up on one special day of the year to give you gifts and neither really existed in the first place. 
Napoleon, Hitler, and Saddam Hussein stand before God Napoleon steps forward and says, "God, can you make France the most powerful force in the world?"   God answers, "Of course!" And has France attempt to invade Russia. Napoleon starts to cry  Then Hitler steps forward and asks, "God, can you make Germany the most powerful force in the world?"  "Sure" God says, and he starts WWII. Hitler starts to cry  Finally, Saddam steps forth, and asks, "God, can you make Iraq the most powerful force in the world?"  And God starts to cry. 
What's the difference between a stripper and a hooker? Usually about $40
what do you say when a hand job turns into sex? "Well that got out of hand"
A Chinese, a Russian and a redneck are kidnapped by a tribe of cannibals... A Chinese. a Russian and a redneck are kidnapped by a tribe of cannibals. The chief tells them: "Who of sayings me number that I of no knowings, can into free. Everybody else will the make eat by tribe". The Chinese says "Billion". The chief answers: "Of knowings". The Russian sais: "Quadrillion". The chief answers: "Is of many times heard, yes". Then is the redneck's turn. Only the redneck survived: he said "A f*cking lot!"
Two behaviorists have just had sex... One turns to the other and says, "That was great for you, darling. How was it for me?"
Girl was towelling her wet pussy, she enjoyed it and started rubbing it vigorously... Until the pussy cried MEOW and ran away.  Always be kind to animals..!!
What do you call a gay man's paradise? A fruitopia.
What's the difference between a gay guy and a politician? (NSFW) One will screw you in the asshole   The other is an asshole screwing you 
How do you call a homosexual, German bird that happens to be a father? Papagei
I was getting a massage and I asked the masseuse if it was normal for a man to get an erection He replied that it was. So I asked if he could get it out of my face. 
What are some very short, witty, funny, punny jokes than you can use to start a conversation with a girl? (no extreme sexual stuff) But compliments would help
I wish I had an old Asian man for a pet. That way I could name it "Old Yeller"
Yo momma is so fat... ...She was diagnosed with a flesh-eating virus and they gave her 15 years to live.
There once was a guy with five dicks. How do you think his pants fit him? Like a glove.
A father and son pass by a cemetery... The father asks the son, "How many people do you think are dead in that cemetery?" The son responds "I'm not sure, about 300 or so?" The father says "No, all of them."
What do you call the sexual tension between Hillary and Bill Clinton? The Bern
How does Hitler tie his shoes? In little Nazis
Life is like a penis... Life is like a penis, simple, chilled and free.   It's women who make it hard...   And kids who make it harder.
SuperMan, A Nice American and A fat American were having a race, who won ? the fat American, because the other 2 are fictional characters 
What do you call someone who can masturbate with either hand? Ambidickstrous
How do you get Sigmund Freud to screw a lightbulb? Tell him the lightbulb is his mother.
I got a new video game where you play as a transgender midget, but everything requires in game purchases. I hate all the microtransactions.
What's the difference between racism and chinese people? Racism has many faces.
What do you call a woman with one leg? Eileen, right? But what if she is Asian. Then it's Irene.
Whores are crazy. One tried to convince me that I was the father after we had sex 4 months ago. 1. First of all, the math is off.  2. That baby is Chinese.  3. My Chinese neighbors are behind you screaming, "Please give us back our baby."
I like my coffee like I like my women... Without a penis.
What is the difference between Jam and Marmalade? You can't Marmalade your cock up your girlfriend's bum.
A copy of Mein Kampf that belonged to Hitler was sold at auction for over $20,000... to an anonymous presidential candidate.
Temporally When the election is over, all of the subs r/the_donald has accumulated should be banned from Reddit and deported back to 4Chan until we can figure out what the fuck is up with them
Why do Indians hate snow? Because it's white and settles on their land.  Edit: well now I know what people mean by rip inbox.  Edit2: wtf happened to my headline, why is it Donald trump?
I know 27 different jokes about eyeballs... ...But this one's cornea than the rest!
A dog a cat and a penis are sitting around a campfire. The dog says, my life sucks. My master makes me pee against a tree.  The cat says, that's nothing, my master makes me do my business in a bucket of cat litter.  The penis is furious and says, my master puts a hood over me and makes me do sit-ups until I puke.
I went to the doctor and said, "My penis is burning." He said, "That means someone is talking about it."  - Garry Shandling. RIP.
How many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Two, but how do you get them in there?
If Caitlyn Jenner were a super hero, what team would she be on? The Ex-Men.
Setting up a Sexual Innuendo club Let me know if you can come! It will be a bit hard to set up, but to give it to you straight, I'm sure it will leave you satisfied and smiling! Wood you mind telling your friends? Feel free to accept, since you can always just pull out!
The gay astronomer asks the ex-gay astronomer... "So why are you no longer gay? I find its *out of this world!*"  "Well let's just say I was *once in a blue moon*, and it was not my cup of tea"  "What if we made another pun using *Black Holes*?"  "Nah that'd be pushing it. Gotta keep the joke from running on. How else is OP gonna get that sweet karma? Or a guild?"  "Certainly not like this"  "True"
Masturbation Causes Blindness So one day, my Dad sits me down and tells me "Son, masturbation is bad and will cause you to go blind. "   I had to tell him I was on the other side of the room. 
A condom doesn't guarantee safe sex. My friend was wearing one when he was shot by the woman's husband.
Did you know Jesus was gay? He was nailed by a bunch of guys.
What do you call a Chinese man with a lot of cats and dogs? A pet shop owner you racist scum!
Why are there so many gay people in Sweden? Sweden is HOMOgenous
Whats long and hard and has cum in it? a cucumber
An alcoholic old man is being visited by his grandson. An old man is sitting in his recliner guzzling down some vodka, and his 8 year old grandson starts to question him.  "Whats that?" The boy asked curiously. "Vodka". The old man replies  After a few minutes the boy can't get his eyes off of the vodka.  "Can I have some?". The boy says practically begging. "Can your penis reach your asshole?".  "No". The boy replies. "You can drink some when it's able to".  About 10 years pass, and the grandfather sitting in his recliner is visited by his grandson, now 18. The boy has a bottle of vodka in his hand, gulping it down. "Give us some of that boy". The old man says in a menacing tone. "Can your penis reach your asshole". The boy replies. "It sure can". The old man says smugly. "Then go Fuck yourself."  Says the boy.
You can always tell a guy masturbates a lot, by his hands. If you look closely, you'll see a wedding ring.
What do you call the urge to crack open a cold one? Necrophilia.
How many Muslims does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Allah them
My father used to tell me, "If you're not in bed by ten..." "You might as well go home."  Well, I never met my father. It sounds like something he would say.
What do you call a gay dinosaur? Megasoreass  What do you call a lesbian dinosaur?  Lickalotapuss
What do gay people call each other on? Homophones.
So I was having sex with this girl.. When suddenly she asks me: "Doesn't it bother you that I'm 13??"  So I replied: "Not really, I've never been superstitious"
Why do Icelandic men have a 2 inch Penis? Cause it's always so cold.
a women wanted transgender surgery for Christmas So she asked her reluctant husband to pay for it. As he finally woke up from the surgery, he realized he had a penis but no testicles.  When he asked why, his husband replied "You got the tree, but you didn't need the balls, they were just for decoration.".
What's another name for a lesbian dinosaur? Ellen Degeneres ��  *HA, you thought I was gonna say lickalottapuss didn't ya?*
How can you tell your roommate is of the gay? His dick tastes like shit
How much lube should you buy to prepare to have sex with a McDonald's fry cook with a cheddar fetish? About a quart to pound her with cheese.
Don't be racist Racism is a crime, and crime is for black people
Fat Joke A woman who was rather on the large side turned up at the theater just before the performance was due to start.  She handed the usher two tickets.  The usher asked, “Where’s the other party?”  The woman blushed. “Well, you see one seat’s a bit small for me and rather uncomfortable so I bought two. But they’re both really for me.”  “That’s fine with me, Ma’am,” the usher replied, scratching his head.  “There’s just one problem. Your seats are numbers 47 and 65.” 
What does a baby sound like when you put it in the microwave? Idk, I was too busy jacking off...
Guy exposes himself with a boner and is arrested. How did he get off? It wouldn't stand up in court
Did you hear about the porno at the campground? It was fucking in tents.
What was Adolf Hitler's campaign slogan? *"Auschwitz the old, in with the Jews!"*
My boyfriend is having problems with premature ejaculation. I guess you could say he is having some shortcomings.
What do you call a cheap circumcision? A rip-off.
I'll have you know my grandfather was killed by a Nazi. He committed suicide
I've been so stressed recently I've been doing that Chinese thing with the needles. You know...heroin.
What do porn movies and disney movies have in common? Happy endings.
A woman asked a general the last time he has had sex... A woman asked a general in the army the last time he made love to a woman, the general stood tall and said "1956 ma'am." The woman taken back by this answer said "1956?! That long?! Let me make your night better..." and the two sauntered to a private room. The woman began to strip and the two made passionate love for an hour. The woman cuddled up to the army general and said "well you sure haven't forgotten anything since 1956...". The general looked at her confused and said "well I sure hope not. It's only 2130 now!"
My daughter wants an iPad for Christmas. I said the only pad you're getting is a Kotex.
A man comes home from work one day... A man comes home from work one day and says to his wife "Great news honey, pack your bags because I just won the lottery!"  His wife says "That's wonderful! Should I pack for the mountains or for the beach?"  He says "I don't care, just get the fuck out."
What's the difference between an epileptic oyster shucker and a prostitute with diarrhea? The first shucks between fits....
I like my coffee how I like my slaves... Free.
What does a girl from Alabama say after having sex? Get off me Dad! You're crushing my smokes!
I was walking down the street the other day and I saw a guide dog piss on his owners leg... To my disbelief the blind old guy reached into his pocket and got out a treat for the dog and fed it to him. I went over and said ''Hey, your dog just pissed on your leg you know, how come you're giving him treats?''  He said ''I'm trying to see which end his mouth is 'cause he's getting a kick in the bollox in a minute''
[NSFW] A chinese girl and her caucasian girlfriends play Truth or Dare. White girl: Chun Li, truth or dare?  Asian girl: Truth.  White girl: What happened to Amy's dog?  Asian girl: Dare.  Not mine, just thought i'd share this brilliance.
The guy who recently got bitten by a Pyton while sitting on his toilet bowl, fought it for half an hour. [NSFW] Before realising it wasn't his penis.
(NSFW) My girlfriend dumped me because I couldn't give her the 12 inches she deserved.. I told that bitch "I don't cut 2 inches off for anybody!"
Sex is like ping pong A never ending push and pull until one partner loses the ball
You ever fingerbang your girlfriend while on her period? Just to imagine yourself as Wolverine
What do Asians do when they have an erection? They vote.
What's the problem with an invisible penis? You never see it coming.
What's long and hard on a black man? The third grade.
The doctor thinks I need a penis reduction I asked him if it could wait until after my golf tournament.
So I was watching a porn and the man had erectile dysfunction... It was anticlimactic.
How many Chinese people does it take to change a light bulb? Only one but he has to manufacture it first.
Where did they hang Speedy Gonzalez? At the pico de gallows.
A young boy says to his father "Dad, our math teacher is asking to see you."   "What happened?" The father asks.  "Well, she asks me, 'how much is 7 * 9?' I answer '63' , then she asks, 'and 9 * 7?' so I asked 'what's the fucking difference?' "  "Indeed, what is the difference?" asks the father. ''Sure, I'll go.''  The next day, the boy comes home from school "Dad, have you gone by the school?" He asks.  "Not yet."  "Well when you do, come and see the gym teacher also."  "Why?" asks the father.  The boy explains, "Well we had a gym class today, and he asked me to raise my left arm, I did. Then my right arm, I also raised it. Then he asked me to lift my right leg, so I did. 'Now,' he says, 'lift your left leg,' so I asked 'What, am I suppose to stand on my cock!?'"  "Exactly," says the father. "Alright, I'll come."  The next day, the boy asks his father "Did you go to the school?"  "No, not yet."  "Don't bother, I got expelled."  Surprised, the father asks "Why did you get expelled?"  "Well, they summoned me to the principal's office, and sitting there were the math teacher, the gym teacher, and the art teacher."  "The fuck was the art teacher doing there!?" asks the father.  "That's what I said" replied the boy.     a repost, but I liked it
The local police station had their toilet stolen. The cops say they have nothing to go on.
What is a porn star's favorite allergy medicine? (NSFW?) Bend'n'dryl
A feminist went to the police department. She said she wanted to file a report because someone called her fat. "It's ok, just leave your thumb print on this broadsheet"
What do you call a vegetarian fart? Kale force wind!
What did the Japanese girl say to her senile father? Moo.
Harsh father - son talk. Scotish father scolds his son: "Your great great father drank that tea, my father drank that tea, and I drank that tea all my life, and for the young lord its seems that the tea bag is too stale!"
What's the difference between a Transformer robot and a Transgender person? One is living in a spaceship and one is living a lie.
I was going to make a joke about vaginas. But you'll never get it.
How do you deal with shitposts? Leddit go.
Why is workplace sex uncommon in local government? Because they are mostly relatives.
How do you make your girlfriend cry while you're having sex? Call and let her know.
Why do farts smell? So deaf people can enjoy them too.
Johnny wanted to have sex..... Johnny wanted to have sex with a girl in his office, but she belonged to someone else…  One day, Johnny got so frustrated that he went up to her and said, "I’ll give you a $100 if you let me screw you,But the girl said NO.  Johnny said, "I’ll be fast. I’ll throw the money on the floor, you bend down, and I’ll be finished by the time you pick it up."   She thought for a moment and said that she would have to consult her boyfriend… So she called her boyfriend and told him the story. Her boyfriend says, "Ask him for $200, pick up the money very fast, he won’t even be able to get his pants down."   So she agrees and accepts the proposal. Half an hour goes by, and the boyfriend is waiting for his girlfriend to call. Finally, after 45 minutes, the boyfriend calls and asks what happened.  She responded, "The bastard used coins!" 
Always ask "are you voting for Sanders?" before sex. If they say "yes" you know they are too young.
Why don't they show porn on an IMAX screen? Because they can't fit your mum on the screen
Whats the most deserted place on fathers day? The visitation ward.
What does my wife’s ass &amp; coffee have in common? They taste strange without cream. 
A man walks into a costume party in nothing but a pair of blue jeans The host asks him, "What are you supposed to be?"    He responds, "I'm a premature ejaculation."    The host says, "Umm... I don't completely understand."  "Well," the man says, "I just came in my pants."
Why do Scottish men have long skinny dicks? Because they're tight fisted wankers.
How many dicks do you have to suck before you know you're gay? Three, two for fun and one just to make sure.
Someone stole all the toilets from my local police station... The police have nothing to go on.
Where's Waldo wears stripes... because he doesn't want to be spotted
What does a cannibal do after he dumps his girlfriend? Wipes. 
What do men who receive compressed porn files do when they are alone? They unzip.
What was the favorite chicken dish of Hitler?  The SwasTikka
How do you know if a wizards gay? It disappears with a poof.
How many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Just two, as long as there's a bed inside.
Why don't you ever want Hitler to be your chemistry lab partner? Because he always ends with a really fucked up final solution
Why do they call it deflowering when a girl loses her virginity? Because you can't go too long without taking care of a Penis Flytrap.
Why don't pirates like anal? Because they hate having to clean the poop dick.
A German guy, an Italian guy, and a Chinese guy are playing golf... Around the 5th hole, this strange ringing goes off and the German guy starts speaking into his hand. The Italian guy and the Chinese guy are both wondering, "what the f*ck is this guy doing?"  The German guy explains, "It's totally awesome! My government made a phone that fits inside of your hand! I have a speaker in my thumb and a mic imbedded in my pinky! It's totally rad!"  The other guys were astonished, "That's amazing!" they replied.  &gt;And they keep golfing.  Around the 13th hole, another strange ringing goes off and the Italian guy starts talking into thin air. The German guy and the Chinese guy both stare at the Italian guy in disbelief.   &gt;*"This dude is f*ckin' crazy!"* They murmur...  "Oh shit", says the Italian, "I forgot to mention, my country has invented a communication device that is *inside* my mouth! I click my tongue and voila!"   The other guys, astonished yet again, reply "that's amazing!"  &gt;And they kept golfing  At the end of the game, they hear another strange ringing. The Italian looks at the German, "Is it you?" He asks.   "No, is it you?" Asks the Italian  "No, where is Frank?"  All of a sudden the Chinese guy runs outta the bushes with toilet paper coming out of his ass.   He says "Sorry guys, I had to answer a fax". 
My penis swells up when my girlfriend touches it. Am i allergic to my girlfriend? 
Hey girl, I've got a sex-Ed project due tomorrow... And I need a 69 to pass. 
What do you call someone who is sexually attracted to a crocodile? A crocodile!
I once farted in the Apple Store and everybody got pissed But it was okay, this joke gets reposted every week. 
What do you call the sweat on your balls after sex with your cousin? Relative humidity.
As I was driving I saw a black man running with a TV I thought to myself ," that's mine." Then I remembered mine is at my house polishing my shoes. 
German Chinese food is great but it only has one problem. An hour later you're hungry for power.
What do gay horses eat? HAAAAAA-AAAYYYYYY!!!!!
If Hitler was a vampire with a stutter, what would he drink? Jew-Juice
Two black men and two white men walk into a police station The two white men walk out.  Source: new girl
Losing your virginity is a lot like learning to ride a bike... Dad is holding you from behind the whole time
What's the difference between two dicks and a joke? I can't take a joke.
Farts Lol
How should Trump comfort voters concerned that his penis may be be too small for him to lead? He should release his long-form girth certificate.
My friend is convinced he has the biggest balls in the world He's so egotestical.
Americans ask British, "What do you mean when you say let's go out and smoke a fag?" Smoke a fag means smoke a cigarette in Britain.
What does a gay bird-keeper do for fun? He sucks a cockortwo! 
The chicken and egg have sex The chicken, enjoying a post coital cigarette, turns to the egg and says  "Well, that answered that old question"
I saw a squirrel pooping the other day. Shit's Nuts...
What is Hitler's favourite game? Meinkraft.
Why did the Japanese lose World War 2? Because they all had chinks in their armor
A man walks into a library and says to the librarian, "do you have that book for men with small penises?" The librarian looks on her computer and says, "I don't know if it's in yet." "Yeah that's the one"
Tits are like Lego bricks. They're there for the kid, but dad ends up playing with them.
Whats the best part about anal? receiving
Pissing on his grave Two widows are on a cemetery mourning for their recently deceased lovers,one of them is crying and when she looked at the other widow,she noticed she was pissing into her own husband's grave.Shocked with the situation she's being presented with she asks:  -Why are you pissing into your husband's grave?  -Oh,my friend,people cry from where they miss the most!
A man goes to India for a cheap penis extension.. The surgeon suggests a baby elephants trunk stitched on for £3000. The man agrees. 6 weeks later, while having dinner with his new girlfriend he feels an unusual stirring in his pants and thinks this is the night. While chatting over dinner his cock flies out and steals an apple off the table and goes back into his pants. "Wow!", she says, "can you do that again?" He says,"My cock can, but I don't think my arsehole can take another apple."
My grandfather developed cancer in his early twenties. He is considered to be the most evil scientist that ever lived. 
My wife always insults me during sex, calling me a joke. Well the joke's on her.
I heard there's a woman going about with twelve nipples. Sounds absurd. Dozen tit.
Sex and Death fuck off and die
Did you hear about the gay Irish Dentists? Ben Dover and Phil Mcavity!
Why are black people so good at basketball? Cause all they know to do is steal, run, and shoot
I found a girl by the train tracks and got head. I would've gone to third base but I couldn't find the rest of her.
What's the most fucked up thing you can do to a blind person? Leave the plunger in the toilet! 
TIL Pat Mccrory doesn't have a gender specified on his birth certificate It's Pat!  edit: changed joke entirely
Everytime I have sex... It's really hands on.
Why do vegans give good head? Because they are used to eating nuts
I wonder what chairs think about all day "Oh, here comes another asshole"
A woman gets off a bus with one boob out of her blouse... She's updating her Facebook status simultaneously. After a while a man asks the obvious question pointing at the glaring tit "Ma'am is this some form of treatment for breast cancer?" The woman in sudden realization yells "Oh my God! my Baby".
How many depressed people does it take to screw in a light bulb? Who cares...
Kids eat some pretty strange things. When i was young i ate some mothballs Its hard to spread their tiny legs apart.  (I pretty much stole this from a radio show i listen to)
Q: What sex increases a woman's appetite for food by 90 %? A: Honeymoon sex
There are 3 guys in a car speeding down the highway Their names are Turd, Manners, and Shut up. Somehow, Turd falls out the window. Manners gets out of the car to make sure he is okay. A police car pulls up behind the car for reckless driving. Officer- Sir, what is your name? Driver- Shut up! Officer- Excuse me? Driver- SHUT UP! Officer- Where are your Manners? Driver- Down the road picking up Turd.
If Hillary had a sex change, then we still wouldn't have a female president... except for North Carolina. 
Your momma is so fat that... she couldn't fit into the door.
How many suh dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, it's already lit hahaha asuhhhh dude
Husband always insisted on making love in the dark.  After 20 years wife turns on the light, finds him holding a vibrator. She goes balistic, "You impotent bas*ard! How could you lie to me all these years?" Husband looks her straight in the eyes &amp; calmly says, "I'll explain the toy, you explain the kids....."
An American, a German, a Jew and a Chinese guy were walking through the woods... A caterpillar falls on the American. The American throws it to the German, the German throws it to the Jew and the Jew throws it to the Chinese guy, who eats it. They walk a bit more and another caterpillar falls on the American. He throws to it the German, the German throws it to the Jew. The Jew turns the Chinese guy and tells him - "hey man, wanna buy a caterpillar?"
Why do women watch porn films until the end? To see if they get married.
The Fart Dr. Epstein was a renowned physician who earned his medical degree in his hometown and then left for Manhattan. Soon he was invited to give a speech in his hometown. As he placed his papers on the lectern they slid off onto the floor and when he bent over to retrieve them, at precisely the wrong instant, he farted, and the microphone amplified it throughout the room. He was embarrassed but regained his composure to deliver his paper. As he concluded, he raced out the stage door, never to be seen in his hometown again.   Decades later when his elderly mother was ill, he returned to visit her. He reserved a hotel room under a false name, Solomon Levy, and arrived under cover of darkness. The desk clerk asked him, "Is this your first visit to our city, Mr. Levy?"  Dr. Epstein replied, "Well, young man, no, it isn't. I grew up here but then I moved away."   "Why haven't you visited?" asked the desk clerk.  "I did visit once, many years ago, but an embarrassing thing happened and since then I've been too ashamed to return."  The clerk consoled him. "Sir, while I don't have your life experience, one thing I have learned is that often what seems embarrassing to me isn't even remembered by others. I bet that's true of your incident too."  Dr. Epstein replied, "Son , I doubt that's the case with my incident."   "Was it a long time ago?"  "Yes, many years."  The clerk asked, ‘Was it before or after the Epstein Fart?" 
A man yells, "Suck my dick, fatass!" at a fat woman. "Well," says the woman, "because I'm so fat I have a large appetite, so I'm not sure a cocktail wiener would be enough."
You know what the best part about being intimate with pregnant women is? The blow job
Why does Bernie Sanders support abortions? Because even after he's blown his load he won't pull out. 
What do you call a guy who has sex with bums? A hobosexual.
What's Hitler's favorite videogame? Mein Kraft.
What porn do Saudis get away with? Camel toes.
How does a **real** man know when a woman is having an orgasm? Who gives a fuck?
A Chinese guy comes into the pub A Chinese guy comes into the pub, stands next to me and starts drinking.           I said to him, "Do you know any of those martial arts like Kung Fu, Ju Jitsu, or Karate?".          He say, "Why da fuk you ask me dat, is it coz I Chinese?".         "No", I said, "It's because you're drinking my fucking beer!"
Why did the illiterate man with the 3 foot penis get dumped by his girlfriend? TLDR
A woman is just like a condom. If she's not on your dick, she's in your wallet.
When is the appropriate time to kick a midget in the balls? A: When he is standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice 
How many Jersey girls does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. They'll screw anything
Men can't have multiple orgasms so having sex several times is hard Then soft, then hard, then soft
What's the difference between the strippers and the circus? The circus has a cunning array of stunts. 
What do you call a gay male feminist? Knight of Swords.
Why is golf better than sex? It lasts for hours and they are 18 different holes. 
My Penis was in the Guinness Book of World Records until the library sent me a past-due notice
Studies show unprotected sex has over an 8 percent chance of causing Cancer. The same study found a near equal chance of causing Gemini or Sagittarius.
Creation of a pussy Seven wise men with knowledge so fine,  created a pussy to their design.  First was a butcher,  with smart wit,  using a knife,  he gave it a slit,  Second was a carpenter,  strong and bold,  with a hammer and chisel,  he gave it a hole,  Third was a tailor,  tall and thin,  by using red velvet,  he lined it within,  Fourth was a hunter,  short and stout,  with a piece of fox fur,  he lined it without,  Fifth was a fisherman,  nasty as hell,  threw in a fish and gave it a smell,  Sixth was a preacher,  whose name was McGee,  he touched it and blessed it,  and said it could pee,  Last was a sailor,  dirty little runt,  he sucked it and fucked it,  and called it a cunt.
I just had sex with an Astronaut ... It was outta this world
What do you call a confused Asian person? Disoriental.
How did the two Irish gay guys know they were meant for each other? Their names are Gerald Fitzpatrick and Patrick Fitzgerald.
Why did the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong socks this morning.
[OC] Did you hear the one about the douchebag bodybuilder with the anal fissure? He's one ripped asshole.
What do you call a masturbating cow? Beef Stroganoff
What are the bouncers called at a gay bar? Flamethrowers. 
What do you call the killing of Chinese baby girls? Youth-in-Asia 
What makes Rihanna different from other black people Work
Your daddy so old that when he cums He shoots out dust
