A hen walks into Subway The sandwich artist says, "Sorry, we don't serve chicken."
A guy walks into a bar... What an idiot
A Roman walks into a bar. He asks for a Martinus…. “You mean a martini?” the bartender asks. The Roman replies, “If I wanted a double, I would have asked for it!”
Three men walk into a bar... ...the fourth one ducks.
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair. 
Obi-Wan Kenobi walks into a bakery “I’ll take 2 of these” he says. The baker replies, “There's only one cannoli.”
You walk into a gas station to buy a salad You have two choices: regular or unlettuced.
A guy walks into a bar And steps straight to the bartender and says: I heard that you are the meanest bartender around and everyone is afraid of you. Bartender: If they say so, its true. The man exclaims: Well im not afraid of you one bit and can do everything better than you. Bartender: Is that so? The man: Yes, and i bet 500$ that i could pee into the  beer glass and no drop of urine would be spilt. Bartender: Deal. And so the man unzips his pants, targets the glass and pees everywhere around but the glass, some of it also got on the bartender. The bartender was happy to get 500$ so easily took the mans money and the man left. A few minutes later he steps back in counting money. The bartender asks him: What are you doing? The man: Well you see, i made a bet with my friends saying that i'd get 1000$ by pissing on a guy everybody is afraid of and he'll be pleased about it.
A plumber walks into a client's backyard and sees three water holes in the ground. He says: "Well, well, well..."
A man with no money walks into a bar He tells the bartender "hey man I don't have any cash on me, if I tell you a blonde joke that makes you laugh, can I get a drink on the house?"   The bartender replies, "You really think I'm gonna give you a free drink after hearing a blonde joke. If you haven't noticed I'm a blonde myself, the waitress here is a blonde, and our manager that's in her office is a blonde. I don't think it would be appropriate."  The man replies, "You're right, I wouldn't want to explain it three times" 
So a man walks into a bar As soon as he sits down, the bartender offers him a challenge:  "So listen, we have a little bet we play around here"  The man follows the bartender's finger, pointed at the ceiling, and sees three pieces of meat, dangling high up from the ceiling.   "So if you can, in a single jump, grab all three slabs of meat and pull them down, you get free drinks for the rest of this week."  The man ponders for a second before nodding.  "But," the bartender continues, "If you jump but fail to grab the three pieces of meat, you'll pay for everyone's drinks tonight."  The man stops, nods again.   "So what do you say?"  "No"  There was an audible sigh from the rest of the bar.   "Sorry," the man continues "The steaks are just too high"
2 men walk into a bar talking about the president the first man says: "did you know trump is illiterate?" the second man says: "really?" 1st replies: "yeah he can't even spell nazi correctly" 2cnd says: "how does he spell it then?" 1st replies: "Conservative!" 
An infinite number of mathematics walk into a bar... The bartender asked what they want. The first says a pint, the next says half a pint, next says a 1/4th a pint, next says an 1/8th a pint and so on until the bartender gets tired of hearing what they want. He pours two pints and says "Y'all need to learn your limits."
A Man Walks Into a Bar... The head trauma he receives from this event causes a coma, eventual brain death, and his sobbing mother deciding to pull the plug.
An ex-militar doctor, a consulting criminal and a consulting detective walk into a pool... That's just the beginning of a pretty bad joke. #Fandom 
Argon walks into a bar. The bartender says, "We don't serve inert gases."  Argon didn't react.
An Englishman, a Scotsman, a Welshman, and a Northern Irishman walk into a pub... But they all left because the Englishman wanted to go.
A young man walks into a bar and orders 6 shots of Jagermeister ... "6 shots?!?" the bartender says, "Are you celebrating something?"   "Yeah, my first blowjob," the young man says.   "Well, hell, in that case, let me give you a 7th shot on the house."   "No offense, sir. But if 6 shots won't get rid of the taste, nothing will."
A Russian spy, a Turkish agent, and an American diplomat walk into a bar... ...so he ordered himself a drink.
A Roman walks into a bar... Holds up two fingers, and says to the barman 'five beers please'.
A single woman walks into a bar. She goes straight up to the bartender and says, "I was told there would be a joke; that it would be hilarious; and that you would deliver the punchline."  The bartender looks up and says, "well aren't you miss informed."
A piece of string walks into a bar... It jumps on the barstool and says "Bartender! One pint of your finest ale!".  The bartender looks at him disgusted and says "We don't serve your kind here!" and promptly throws him out of the bar.  The piece of string stops a man passing by and asks "Sir, can you throw me in the dirt, stomp on me, and then tie me in a knot?"  The confused man decides to do as he's been asked and throws the piece of string into the dirt, roughly stomps on it, and then ties the roughed up string into a knot before he continues on his way.  The piece of string walks back into the bar, again jumps on the barstool, and says "Bartender! One pint of your finest ale!".  The bartender looks at him suspiciously and says "Aren't you that piece of string I just threw out?".  The piece of string replies "No, I'm a frayed knot".
An Indian man walks into a bar. He says to the bartender: "I have a delivery for you, please sign here."
3 blondes walk into a police station... And we're looking for jobs as detectives.   They meet with the police chief who says, "I'm going to show you a side mugshot of a man and you need to tell me something interesting about him."  He shows the picture to the first blonde and she says, "He's only got one eye". The police chief responds, "No, this is a side mug shot, so you will only see one eye."  He shows the picture to the second blonde and she says, "He's only got one ear." The police chief again responds, "No, this is a side mug shot, so you will only see one ear."  He shows the picture to the last blonde and she says "He wears contact lenses." Perplexed, the police chief looks through the file and sure enough, the man wore contact lenses. He says "That's oddly correct. How did you know that?"  The blonde responds, "Well with one eye and one ear, he can't be wearing glasses."
A blind man walks into a bar After ordering a drink, and sitting there for a while, the blind guy yells to the bartender,  “Hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?”  The bar immediately becomes absolutely quiet. In a husky, deep voice,the woman next to him says,  “Before you tell that joke, you should know something. The bartender is blonde, the bouncer is blonde and I’m a 6′ tall, 200 pound blonde with a black belt in karate. What’s more, the fella sitting next to me is blonde and he’s a weightlifter. The woman to your right is a blonde, and she’s a pro wrestler. Think about it seriously, mister. You still wanna tell that blonde joke?”  The blind guy says, “Nah, not if I’m gonna have to explain it five times.”
A Roman Walks into a Bar He holds up two fingers and says, "Five beers please."
An anti-Semite walks into a bar... He's about to order a drink when he sees a guy close by with kippa, tzitzis, and payos. He doesn't have to be an Einstein to know that this guy is Jewish. So Peter shouts over to the bartender so everyone can hear, "Drinks for everyone in here, bartender, but not for that guy over there," pointing to the Jewish guy.  Soon after the drinks have been handed out, Peter notices that the Jewish guy is smiling. This infuriates him and in a loud voice, he once again orders drinks for everyone except the Jewish guy. But as before, this does not seem to worry the Jewish guy who continues to smile. So he says to the barman, "What's the matter with that guy over there? I've ordered two rounds of drinks for everyone in the bar except that guy, and all he does is smile and look happy. Is something wrong with him or something?”  "No, he's absolutely normal," replies the barman. "He's the owner."
Guy walks into a bar with a monkey on his shoulder Bartender asks "what's with the monkey ?" The man punches the monkey, it goes down to the floor up his leg takes his dick out and starts sucking.  Bartender says "free drinks the rest of the night if you let me try that ?" Man agrees and the bartender hits the monkey and it does the same thing, Bartender exclaims "OH better than my wife"  Gay guy sitting beside the man with the monkey asks "oh can I try that I'll give you £20" man agrees and the gay man says "ok but don't hit me as hard as you hit that monkey"
So a guy and his frog walk into a bar. And he has a few to many drinks by himself and the bartender begins to worry. The man asked for another pint.  "I think you've had a few to many," the bartender responds.  He replies in a drunken tone, "I'm a traveling showman, and I have a million dollar act. If I show it to you, can I have another drink?"  "Sure, I suppose."  The drunk pulls out a frog and a tiny piano and bench, and the frog begins to play a lovely little tune.  "That's amazing! Have one on the house!"  The showman gulps down the liquid and looks back to the barkeep.  "If I show you another act, will you give me another?"  "Gladly!"  So the man pulls out a spall mouse, who gets up on its hind legs and begins to sing along with perfect tone.  "That's ridiculous! I love it"  A well dressed man stands up from a nearby booth.  "I love your act, but I'm a showman myself and would like to own it. How does that sound? A million for the whole lot."  The drunkard looks up. "Not for sale."  "How about a million for the piano playing amphibian?"  "Not for sale."  "How about the same for the rodent?"  "Sure thing."  The rich performer hands over a check and jauntily saunters out of the bar with his new act.  "The barkeep is stunned. "Why did you do that? You just sold off what could have made you millions more than that! You're insane!"  "On the contrary - the frog is a ventriloquist."
A Duck and a Fox walk into a bar... The Fox says "Duck"  The Duck says "quack"  They both hit their heads because the Fox was just trying to start a conversation
Gaius Julius Caesar walks into a baguette shop. The owner stops him at the door and says: "I cannot believe you have the Gaul to just strut in here like that!"
A man walks into a bar... and he lost the limbo contest. 
A clown walks into a bar Bartender says, "Why the funny face?"  The clown says, "It's ezcema."  "You should try some makeup."
A Pollack walks into a chainsaw shop He tells the chainsaw shop owner that he needs a cheap saw that will cut at least a half of a cord of wood a day. The chainsaw shop owner tells the Pollack that he has just what the man is looking for. The owner explains that his bottom of the line chainsaw is cheap and is guaranteed to cut a half of a cord of wood a day. The Pollack, happy with the price, buys the chainsaw and heads home to cut the wood.   The next day, the Pollack comes back to the chainsaw shop with the chainsaw and tells the owner, "I was only able to cut a quarter of a cord of wood with this piece of crap!" The owner, shrugs his shoulders and says "hmmm, that's strange. Well I will sell you a higher quality chainsaw at the same price as the cheap one for your troubles. This chainsaw is a step above the last one, and its guaranteed to cut 3/4 of a cord of wood a day!" The Pollack took the new chainsaw home and proceeded to cut the wood.   The next day, the Pollack barged into the chainsaw shop and angrily told the owner "This damn thing only barely cut more than a quarter of a cord of wood for me! I want my money back!" The chainsaw shop owner was confused and really wanted to help the Pollack with his dilemma so he told the Pollack... " I'll tell you what, I will let you take our highest end chainsaw. It is guaranteed to cut 2 cords of wood a day!" The Pollack, smiled and took the high end chainsaw home and proceeded to cut wood all day and through the night.   Tired and bruised, the Pollack stumbled into the chainsaw shop the next morning and threw the high end chainsaw on the counter. The chainsaw shop owner looked at the chainsaw, worn and covered in sap and dirt, the. Looked at the Pollack confused. The Pollack, tired and weary told the chainsaw shop owner.. "it only cut a cord of wood for me...." The chainsaw shop owner was frustrated and grabbed the high end chainsaw from the counter and said " Let me see this thing!" And yanked the cord to start the chainsaw. When the chainsaw revved up, the Pollack, frightened, put his hands over his ears and yelled... "WHAT IN THE HELL IS THAT NOISE!!!!" 
A man walks into a bar Ouch
A pizza delivery guy walks into a bar What? Did you think he was there to deliver pizza? Can't he want a drink once in a while?
Scotsman, Englishman, and an Irishman walk into a bar Sitting in a bar the Scotsman says, "As good as this bar is, I still prefer the pubs back home. In Glasgow, there's a wee place. The landlord goes out of his way for the locals. When you buy four drinks, he'll buy the fifth drink." "Well," said the Englishman, "At my local in London , the barman will buy you your third drink after you buy the first two." "Ahhh, dat's nothin'," said the Irishman, "back home in my favorite pub, the moment you set foot in the place, they'll buy you a drink, then another, all the drinks you like, actually. Then, when you've had enough drinks, they'll take you upstairs and see that you gets laid, all on the house!" The Englishman and Scotsman were suspicious of the claims. The Irishman swore every word was true. Then the Englishman asked, "Did this actually happen to you?" "Not to me, personally, no," admitted the Irishman, "but it did happen to me sister quite a few times."
A cellphone with 3% battery walks into a bar. The bartender says, "For you, no charge."
Two chemists walk into a bar. The first one says "I think I'll have an H2O." The second one says "I think I'll have an H2O too." But nothing happened because no bar carries fucking hydrogen peroxide.
3 logicians walk into a bar... The bartender asked if they all want drinks. The 1st say "I don't know" the second says "I don't know" and the third says "yes".
A duck walks into a bar... ...and asked the bar tender:  Duck: Hey, got any grapes?  Bartender: No.   The duck leaves. Next day he goes back.  Duck: Hey, got any grapes?  Bartender: No.  Duck leaves. Comes back the next day.  Duck: Hey, got any grapes!?  Bartender(slightly annoyed): No.  The duck leaves. Sure enough a day later he comes back.  Duck: Hey! Got any grapes!?  Bartender(finally has had enough): No! I don't have any grapes for you. And if you keep asking me I'm going to nail your bill to my counter.   The duck leaves. Then the next day he comes on in the bar and asks.  Duck: Hey! Got any nails?  Bartender: No.  Duck: GOT ANY GRAPES!?!?  
A minor walks into a bar... He got kicked out
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks: 'Why the long face?'' The horse, incapable of human speech, shits on the floor and leaves.
A snail walks into a car dealership And asks the sales man for a fast car with a big S painted on the side. The salesman says they could get something like that but he is a bit confused. He asks the snail about the peculiar requests. The snail replies, You see, when I drive down the street, I want people to say "wow, look at the S car go!"
An amnesiac walks into a bar. An amnesiac walks into a bar. He goes up to a beautiful blonde and says, “So, do I come here often?”
A pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head.  The bartender says, "Hey, what's that?". The pirate replies, "Argh, I've got a Bounty on my head."
A hamburger walks into a bar and orders a beer The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve food here."
A man walks into a pub and orders a pint of Guinness He takes a sip and the goes to the toilet. Whilst in the toilet, a Northern Ireland-man gets up and farts into the man's pint.  When he returns, the barman tells him what the man did.  "Hey! You fart in me Guinness?"  and the mans says "No, I'm Gerry Adams." 
An introvert walks into a bar... He has 3 beers and heads home as soon as it starts to get crowded.
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense. ...gets me every single time. 
Ayn Rand, Rand Paul, and Paul Ryan walk into a bar... The bartender serves them tainted alcohol because there are no regulations. They die.  
Three guys walk into a wizard's bar They are greeted by an old man with a long beard at the bar who introduces himself as the bartender.  "Tonight only, for just $100, you can have an endless glass of anything in this bar!"  "Yeah right!" The first guy says. "Bet you can't get me an endless, cold Moosehead!"  With a flick of the old man's hand, a cold Moosehead appears before the first guy!   "Not bad, but let's see if this is *actually* unlimited!"  In an single go, the first guy downs the entire beer. After opening his eyes again, however, he sees that the glass has already been refilled!   "No way!" the first guys says in excitement, and after downing another Moosehead is pleased to watch it refill itself again.  The first guy then thanks the wizard, pays the $100, then puts a $10 tip in the tip jar before heading out.  The second guy, still in disbelief, says,  "This has got to be fake! I bet you can't get me an endless Mojito!"  Once again, with the flick of the wizard's hand, a Mojito magically appears before the second guy!  He then downs three Mojitos which magically refills itself, then pays and puts a $50 tip in the jar before heading off.  The wizard then looks to the third guy and says, "And what will you have tonight, sir?"    The third guy immediately points to the tip jar and says,  "I'll have an endless glass of that!"
A man named Jimmy walks into a bar He sits down at the bar and notices a couple lines of people standing at the other side of the bar.  Jimmy asks the bartender "what are those people standing over there for?"  The bartender replies, "oh, the owner has a nice system setup for people who can't pay their tabs. He really enjoys causing others pain, so if you stand in the first line you can get kicked by the owner and he lets you go free. In the second, the owner gets to twist your nipples as hard as he wants, but again, you get to go for free."  Jimmy responds "Wow, what an interesting system. You know  what would make it a lot better?"  "What's that?" Asks the bartender  "If there was a punchline" 
A Philosopher, a Optimist, a Pessimist, a Realist, and a feminist all walk into a bar...  The Philosopher is drinking his beer.   He gets to the middle of the glass.   "Hmm...this bugs me. Is the glass half empty, or half full?"   The Optimist smiles and says,  "Oh please, the glass is half full!"   The Pessimist frowns and says,  "Uh, no. The glass is clearly half empty."   The Realist starts to think and says,  "Well you see, if the glass was filled, then emptied, it would be half empty. If it was empty, and it was filled, it would be half full."   The Philosopher takes all the advice given, but hasn't heard from the feminist. So he asks her thoughts on the matter.   "Well, all of you are very wrong!" The Feminist exclaimed, "The glass is clearly being raped." 
A Monk walks into a bar The bartender asked "What do you want to have?"  The monk replied "Make me one with Everything"
A rabbi, priest, and lawyer walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them and says, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
A guy walks into a Bar And asks for a beer.   The bartender: 'do you want a normal beer or a no-alcohol?'   'It depends. Do you want normal money or Monopoly's?'
A rope walks into a bar The bartender says "we don't serve your kind here."  The rope leaves and cuts the top of his hair.   He comes back the next day and the bartender says, "are you that rope I kicked outta here yesterday?"  The rope says, "I'm a frayed knot."  Then he gets shot in the face. 
An Irishman walks into a pub with a black eye... ...his friend asks him "How'd you get that?" to which he replies "I got it in church this morning"  The Irishman explains that there was a fat woman sitting in front of him and when they stood up for a hymn he could see that her dress was stuck to her arse. "I tried to pull it out for her and she turned around and clocked me!". The following week the Irishman came back to the pub with another black eye. He said "The same thing happened again this week! Same woman in front of me, except my little cousin pulled her dress out of her arse. I knew she didn't like it like that so I put it back for her and she turned around and clocked me again!
3 men walk into a church in search of helping the cause. They all three walk up to the preacher.  Preacher: "yes gentleman, how may I help you?" Guy #1: "I'd like to be the official church bell ringer." Preacher: "okay show me what you got." Guy #1: *walks to the bell tower vigorously rings it, and walks back*  Preacher: "Thank you son, I will get back to you." Guy #2: "I am looking to be the official church bell ringer as well." Preacher: "Very well you have the same task." Guy #2: *walks to the bell tower, rings it with all his might, and walks back* Preacher: "Thank you son, I will get back to you." Guy #3: "Father I really would love to be part of this community, and you see I have no arms. I'm not sure how else to prove my worth other than being the official church bell ringer." Preacher: "But son how will you ever ring the bell?" Guy #3: "Please father just give me a chance." Preacher: "Very well show me what you're made of." Guy #3: *walks up to bell tower* With his head drawn back as far as it can go, he flings his head  forward to ring the bell. ONCE, TWICE, THR... he misses and falls off the bell tower. Random guy #1: OH NO! DOES ANYONE KNOW THIS MAN!  random guy #2: No, but his face sure does ring a bell.
An old man walks into a pub in Scottland, his feet shuffling, his back bent. He drags himself onto a stool and orders a beer. Placing the full glass in front of him, the bartender inquires upon his sad face.  The man answers with a smoky and trembling voice and a Scottish accent:   Ah, tell ya man! This pub, this very pub we're just sitting in. I built it, with me own hands! But do they call me the Pubmaker? Naa! See the wall over there, that protects our town? I built it, with me own hands! But do they call me the Wallmaker? And the bridge, you know, that crosses our river, I built it, with me own hands! But do they call me the Bridgemaker?   But I tell ya, man! YOU FUCK ONE GOAT!
An amnesiac walks into a bar. I forgot the rest.
A black man walks into an all white bar and orders a drink. They tell him "we don't serve negros here"    And he replies with "Good, I wasn't planning to order any."
Jumper cables walks into a bar. The bartender says I'll serve you but don't start anything. 
A man walks into a bar And sees two men playing poker with a dog at the corner table.  The man, shocked by what he's seen, turns to the barman and says "holy shit, that must be a really smart dog."  The barman nonchalantly replies "you would think, but every time the fucker gets a good hand his tail starts wagging."
So a man walks into a bar and sits down. He starts a conversation with an old guy next to him. The old guy has obviously had a few. He says to the man:  "You see that dock out there? Built it myself, hand crafted each piece, and it's the best dock in town! But do they call me "McGregor the dock builder"? No! And you see that bridge over there? I built that, took me two months, through rain, sleet and scoarching weather, but do they call me "McGregor the bridge builder"? No! And you see that pier over there, I built that, best pier in the county! But do they call me "McGregor the pier builder"? No!"  The old guy looks around, and makes sure that nobody is listening, and leans to the man, and he says:  "but you fuck one donkey..."
An engineer walks into a bar with a cheese sandwich under his arm. He tells the bartender "I'll have a pint of lager for me and the cheese sandwich." The bartender replies "Sorry but we don't serve food here."  "Oh it's not what you think" exclaimed the engineer.  In "food engineering class " this morning we had a huge malfunction.   This isn't actually a cheese sandwich - it's my lab partner!  And he is the very best person ever !!! Ask anyone !!     The engineer places the cheese sandwich on a bar stool.  "Introduce yourself buddy !!"  "I'm Frank" said the cheese sandwich
A duck walks into a bar.... "vodka and coke please" the duck says. The barman is amazed but manages to reply "do you want ice?".   "no thanks, I want to drink it quick, I've had a nightmare fighting a boiler today and need to take the edge off"   The barman hands the drink over, The duck wraps his beak/bill around the glass and begins flapping his wings lifting himself just inches into the air whilst simultaneously folding   a crisp 50  from behind his ear into an  intricate woodland origami scene featuring 4 different animals, 2 trees and a flying bird before placeing it on the bar alongside the empty glass, "keep the change". The barman exclaims "that's unbelievable! Not only are you a talking duck but your incredibly talented and wealthy, you should go speak to the circus thats just arrived in town"   The duck leans back in the stool and asks "why the fuck would a circus need a plumber?"
A preist and a rhabbi walk into a bar. And the bartender says, "Is this some kind of a joke?"
A guy walks into a bar and notices a jar of money on the bar. A guy walks into a bar, notices a very large jar on the counter, and sees that it's filled to the brim with $10 bills.  He guesses there must be thousands of dollars in it.  He approaches the bartender and asks, "What's up with the jar?"  "Well, you pay $10 and if you pass three tests, you get all the money..."  The man certainly isn't going to pass this up.  "What are the three tests?"  "Pay first.  Those are the rules," says the bartender.  So the man gives him the $10 and the bartender drops it into the jar.  "O.K.," the bartender says.  "Here's what you need to do:  First, you have to drink an entire gallon of pepper tequila, the whole thing, all at once and you can't make a face while doing it.  Second, there is pit bull chained up out back with a sore tooth. You have to remove the tooth with your bare hands.  Third, there's a 90 year old woman upstairs who has never reached orgasm during intercourse.  You've got to make things right for her."  The man is stunned.  "I know I paid my $10, but I'm not an idiot!  I won't do it.  You have to be nuts to drink a gallon of pepper tequila and then do those other things!"  "Your call," says the bartender, "but your money stays where it is."  As time goes on the man has a few drinks, then a  few more, and he asks, "Where's zat tequila?"  He grabs the gallon with both hands and downs it with a few big slurps.  Tears are streaming down both cheeks, but he doesn't make a face.  Next, he staggers out back where the pit bull is chained-up and soon the people inside the bar hear a huge, noisy scuffle going on outside.  They hear the pit bull barking, the guy screaming, the pit bull yelping and then silence.  Just when they think the man surely must be dead, he staggers back into the bar with his shirt ripped and large bloody scratches all over his body.  "NOW," he says, "Where's the old woman with the sore tooth?"
So this blind guy walks into a bar.... and a table....and a chair....
Two German parents walk into a birth registration center Employee: "What the girl's name?"  Father: "Liezel Roddy Hitler"  Employee: "Literally Hitler?"  Mother: "Ja"  Thus, a legend was born.
2 iPhones Walk into a bar. I forget the rest..
Putin walks into a bar. Bartender says, "Sorry buddy, we can't serve you."  "Why not, comrade? I am Russian. I can drink anyone under the table!"  "See that sign over there? No shirt, no service."  [edit: fixed typo.]
A guy walks into a pharmacy buys a pack of condoms and walks out laughing He does this every day consecutive for a week. Finally the pharmacy owner asks his assistant to follow the man the next time he returns. Sure enough the man returns the next day and walks out laughing once again. The assistant follows him and returns about half an hour later. When the pharmacist asked where he had followed him the assistant simply replied "your house". 
A man and an ostrich walk into a resturant. The waitress asks "what will you have?"  He says "I'll have a hamburger, fries and a coke". The ostrich says "I'll have the same" it comes up to be $10.98 and he pulls exact change out of his pocket. The next day he and the ostrich come back. The waitress asks "what will you have"?  He says "I'll have a hamburger fries and a coke" the ostrich says "I'll have the same". It comes up again to be $10.98 and the man pulls exact change of his pocket. He does this all week until Saturday. On Saturday the waitress says "I know, I know you will have a hamburger, fries and a coke" the man says "no, no it's Saturday we're going to celebrate. I want a steak iced tea and a salad." The ostrich says "I'll have the same". It comes up to be $31.29. The man pulls exact change out of his pocket the waitress says "okay I have to ask you this. All week you've been pulling exact change out of your pocket, why?" "Well two years ago I stumbled upon a genie lamp and he granted me two wishes. The first wish was that every time I went to pay for something I would pull exact change out of my pocket." The waitress says "well that's really good most people would wish for a million dollars and that would run out". Then she glances over and asks "what's with the ostrich:?  The man replies "I also asked for a chick with long legs".
Three guys walk into a bar and sit next to eachother The first guy goes "Okay, you can have sex with anyone you can think of, who is your ultimate lay?" The second guy replies "I would like to have sex with my wife one last time. She died in a car crash ten years ago because of a drunk driver, and there was nothing they could do... I've been longing for her ever since..."  The third guy says "I also choose this guy's dead wife.".
A family walks into a hotel. The father walks up to the front desk and says, "I hope the porn is disabled." The desk clerk says, "It's just regular porn, you sick fuck."
A horse walks into a bar The Barman ask why the long face
two guys walk into a bar the third one ducks
A Roman walks into a bar holds up two fingers and says "Five beers, please."
A man walks into a bar the day after Christmas... He walks up to the bar, sits down and doesn't say a word.  The bartender walks over and asks, "what are you having?"  The man shakes his head. Let's out a deep breathe and says, "I'm pissed off."  Bartender, putting his hands down on the bar, "Why are you angry, it's the day after Christmas."  "I know it is and all I got was a damn sweater. I'm pissed off."  Now the bartender asks again, "why are you so pissed off about getting a sweater?"  The man now irritated says, "You don't understand, I had to pay for it."  So the bartender asks, "why are you pissed off if you paid for the sweater you got for Christmas?"  The man responds, "because I paid for a screamer and a moaner."
A pagan tribesman accidentally walks into a Christian priest, who clasps the cross around his neck with trembling hands and screams "Dear God!" Also frightened, the tribesman clasps his ritual bone-necklace, screaming "Deer God!"
A man walks into a restaurant... A man walks into a restaurant and sees a sign that reads:  CHEESEBURGER: $2.00 SALAD: $4.50 HAND JOB: $15.00   He decides to order and an exceptionally attractive blonde comes over. "What may I get you?" she asks. "I was wondering," whispers the man. "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" "Yes," she purrs. "I am." The man replies, "Well, wash your hands. I want a cheeseburger."  EDIT: Creds to Gilbert Gottfried; https://youtu.be/ZUDV4YYe95M
Guy walks into a bar and there's a gorilla sitting in the corner. Guy says to the bartender, "What's with the gorilla?"  Bartender says, "I'll show ya." .  The bartender walks over with a baseball bat and smashes the gorilla right in the nose. The gorilla gets on his knees and gives the bartender a blow job.   Bartender says, "What do ya think?"  Guy says, "That's great."  Bartender asks, "You wanna try?"  Guy says, "Sure, but don't hit me so hard."
A blind guy walks into a bar... ...and breaks his nose.
A good looking font walks into a bar and approaches a woman. She looks at him and says "keep walking.  You're not my type".
A priest, a child molester, and a rapist walk into a bar... He sits down and has a drink
A perv, a con artist and a fascist walk into a bar... The bartender says, "what can I get you Mr. President?"
Three law students walk into a BAR One passes
A man walks into a bar and orders a coffee and a blowjob. Waitress: I'm terribly sorry but we're out of coffee.  Man: I'll go somewhere else then.
A priest, an Imam, and a rabbi walk into a bar. A priest, an Imam, and a rabbi walk into a bar. Barman asks " What it's this? Some kind of joke?"
A Roman man walks into a bar He sticks up 2 fingers and the bartender gives him 5 beers
So a redditor walks into a hotel, and as he's going to reception to check in... ...username checks out
A man, a woman and a non-binary person walk into a bar The man comes out of the hospital with a broken nose, the woman with three broken teeth and the non-binary person didn't exist in the first place.
Three Valve employees walk into a bar One says "I'd like two beers and one beer please."  The bartender replies "you mean three?"  The three employees stare at him confused for several moments before one blurts out  "What the hell is three?"
[Music] Two A's. An E and a C walk into a bar The bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve minors"
Dude walks into an Irish bar... Starts to doodle.
A horse walks into a bar And the bartender says "hey, why the long face?"
A string walks into a bar And the bartender says, "We don't serve your kind here." So the string leaves and comes back twisted up and it's hair parted. Bartender says, "Hey aren't you that same string from earlier?" "I'm a frayed knot." Says the string.
A goth, a weeb and a brony walks into a bar Bartender said well well well! We don't see you people often in here. So how about this, I'ma make you an offer. Each one of you say the most embarrassing thing you have done, and the person with the most cringe-worthy story gets a drink for free.  The Goth said, well I cut my ex's name in my arms, I tried to burn it off using sulphuric acid but ended up in an ICU. The weeb then said, well that's nothing, I once tried to pick up this Asian girl by talking to her in Japanese for 20 minutes, only to find out that she is ethnically Chinese, and was born and raised in California. But I really liked her so I stalked her for half a year and got an restraining order filed against me.  The brony sighed loudly. He inhaled hard on his cigarette, held it for a while and exhaled a long stream of thick smoke. Scratching his neckbeard staring at the ceiling, he said: Can you believe the judge thought these two little cocksuckers should stay with me instead of their mom?
A Rastafarian Gentlemen walks into a Bank He hands a cashier a bag full of marijuana. The angry cashier asks 'Sir what on earth is this...? The Rastafarian replies "wa yah ask foolish question mon, mi come to open a joint account" 
A termite walks into a bar and asks... Is the bar tender here?
Two philosophers walk into a bar, sit down, order a round of beers, and start playing poker. I Kant tell you the rest; it just wasn't in Descartes.
A man walks into a dentist's office. He says to the dentist, "I think I'm a moth."   The dentist asks, "Why did you come in here? You need to see a psychiatrist!"  The man replies, "Because the light is on."
A man walks into a bar Guy walks into a bar and sits at a table. Tells the waitress, "I'll have a Bloody Mary and a menu." When she returns with his drink, he asks "Still servin' breakfast?" When she says Yes, he replies, "Then I'll have two eggs-runny on top and burnt on the bottom, five strips of bacon-well done on one end and still raw on the other, two pieces of burnt toast and a cold cup of coffee." Indignantly the waitress says, "We don't serve that kinda stuff in here!" Guy says, "Funny... that's what I had in here yesterday..."
A man walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads: Cheese Sandwich: $1.50 Chicken Sandwich: $2.50 Hand Job: $10.00  He checks his wallet and beckons to the sexy bartender.  "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" he asks.  "Yes," she purrs. "I am."  "Well, wash your frickin' hands," says the man. "I want a cheese sandwich!"
A family walks into a hotel A family walks into a hotel. The father goes to the man at the front desk and says “I hope the porn is disabled”. The guy at the desk replies, “It’s just regular porn you sick fuck.”
An Oxford Graduate walks into a bar Some Texans are mingling at the bar when an Oxford graduate walks in. “Howdy, stranger,” one Texan says. “Where are you from?”  The Oxford graduate answers, “I come from a place where we do not end our sentences in prepositions.”  “Oh, I’m sorry,” replies the Texan. “Where are you from, jackass?”
Argon walks into a bar, The bartender says: "hey! I don't serve noble gases" Argon doesn't react.
A String Walks Into A Bar and Orders a Drink The Bartender looks down and says " We don't serve strings here. "  The string, defeated, goes home. He ruffles up his ends and ties himself into a knot. He again walks into the bar and orders a drink. The bartender looks down and says:  " Aren't you the same string that tried to order a drink?"  The string looks down, looks up again, and says " I'm afraid knot. "
A man walks into a bar... with a giraffe.  He and the giraffe get incredibly drunk.  The giraffe falls to the floor with a thunderous crash.  The man stands and begins to totter out of the bar.  The bartender calls to him, saying, "Hey! You can't just leave that lyin' there!"  The man calls back, "Izz *hic* izz not a lion, izz a *hic* izz a giraffe."
Giraffe walks into a bar... bartender points to sign - "No tall tails allowed."  Giraffe says "but I ain't lion!"  Down the bar, the lion groans "Have you no pride?"  Cheetah in the corner yells "I'm fast getting tired of these stupid puns!" Giraffe - "Guess I'll find a new watering hole."  Remember to tip your waiter!
A grammar nazi walk into a bar and berates me.
Guy walks into a bar, sits, and orders a beer from the bartender As he is sipping his beverage, he looks down and sees a gorilla sitting at the other end.  He asks the bartender, *"What's with the gorilla?"*  The bartender says, *"Oh, that's Mable. She does a trick. Want to see it?"*  *"Sure"*  So the bartender whistles and Mable comes lumbering down the length of the bar.  The bartender pulls out a heavy steel pipe and hits the gorilla in the side of its head. The gorilla drops to its knees and starts giving the bartender a blow job.  *"Wow!"*, says the guy.  The bartender says, *"Pretty amazing, huh? You want to try?"*  The guys says, *"Yeah, sure! Just don't hit me so hard."*
two men walk into a bar the second one says, "I didn't see it either" 
A guy walks into a bar... It a shame he didn't see it.
A string walks into a bar, hops on a stool &amp; orders a beer; bartender says, "We don't serve strings in here. You're gonna have to leave."  String replies, "I'm a frayed knot."
A drunk man walks into a bar... A drunk man, 35 years old, walks into a bar. Stumbling through the bar, he finds a seat and asks the bartender for a whiskey.   The bartender, seeing how drunk he is, is hesitant to serve the man. "How much have you had to drink today?" he asks.   The man responds, "Today's my Anniversary. I had 21 shots of vodka, one for each year I've been married."  "No way you've been married 21 years, you look too young!" says the bartender.   "I count in dog years, my wife's a bitch."
The past, future, and present walk into a bar It was tense.
A ninja, a priest and a rabbi walk into a bar. The bartender says, “Good to see you two”﻿
If a roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers.. Does he get two or five drinks?
A Duck Walks Into a Drugstore A duck walks into a drugstore and asks for a tube of ChapStick. The cashier says to the duck, “That’ll be $1.49.” The duck replies, “Put it on my bill.”
A man walks into the law firm of "Feldman, Goldberg, and Hernandez" A man walks into  the law firm of "Feldman, Goldberg, and Hernandez" and asks that Hernandez be his lawyer.  "But why him?" asks the secretary.  "Because I trust the initiative of someone who was able to get hired with such company." the man replies.
Norwegian jokes #1. Three guys walks into a cabin... Three guys went cross-country skiing in the mountains. After having traveled the whole day, dragging themselves uphill through the snow with their ski poles, they reach a small cabin where they decide to stay overnight. The place is very tight, and there is only a single, narrow bed that the three young men share for the night. Next morning the guy who slept nearest the wall woke up, stretched and told the two other that he had slept wonderfully the whole night. He had been dreaming of a beautiful girl, and she had been very willing to have a good time with him. The guy who had slept nearest the edge of the bed said that he had slept wonderfully too, and that he'd been dreaming the same dream about a beautiful, willing girl. "You're lucky", the guy who slept in the middle replied, "All night long I've just been dreaming about skiing higher and higher and higher up the mountain..."
A blind man walks into a bar. Then into a chair, then into a table.
A man walks into a coffee shop Cashier: congratulations,  you are our thousandth customer! Enjoy this complimentary bagel.   Man:  hey thanks!   Cashier:  of course, and it's only two dollars!  Man:  i thought you said it was complimentary?   Cashier: it is  Bagel:  you have beautiful eyes
Chip and Stormzy walk into a bar They order a few drinks then Stormzy sprints out whilst Chip just walks out. This happens every day for the rest of the week and eventually the barman asks "How come you always dash out the bar whilst he only walks?"  To which Stormzy replied:  "Chip can't run out of bars."
An infinite amount of logicians walk into a bar... The first one asks the bartender for a pint of beer, the second for half a pint, the third for a quarter pint and so on. The bartender, an amateur logician himself, frowns at first and than he drafts two pints, takes an infinitely small sip from the second pint he drafted and says, with an infinitely small moustache of foam on his lip: "You guys sort out the rest of it."
A rat along with two of his best buddies walk into a bar the bar had to be shut down due to health violations.
A paperclip walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Why the pointy face?" The paperclip, incapable of human speech, forms a long, thin sliver of metal and stabs the bartender to death.
A guy walks into a psychiatrist's office A guy walks into a psychiatrist's office wearing nothing but a diaper made of Saran Wrap. The psychiatrist takes one look at him and says, "I can clearly see your nuts."
Amelia Earhart and Jimmy Hoffa walk into a bar. [ERROR 404: NOT FOUND]
so Stephen hawking walks into a bar... Just kidding
Man walks into a bar This man walks into a bar and sees a donkey. He askes the bartender why is there a donkey in here the bartender says if you can make this donkey laugh I will give you ten thousand dollars.  So the man whispers in the donkey's ear and the donkey started laughing.   Then the bartender said if you can make the donkey cry I will give you ten thousand more dollars. So the man turns to an angle where only the donkey can see and the donkey started crying.   The bartender couldn't believe it so he asked the man how did you make the donkey laugh then make the donkey cry?  He said first I told the donkey my dick was bigger than his, than I showed him.  
A Nazi walks into a Polish bar... and sees an orthodox Jew in the corner, nursing a beer. The Nazi smells an opportunity and yells to the bartender, "I want another round for everybody here, except for that Jew over there!"   Cheers erupt throughout the bar, and the Nazi looks smugly at the Jew. To his surprise, the Jew was smiling widely. The Nazi, in an attempt to remedy this, yelled to the bartender, "Another round for everyone except the Jew, but this time make it top shelf!"   The drinks are brought out, and the Nazi glances towards the Jew. Now, the Jew was grinning like a madman. The Nazi yelled to the bartender, "Hey! Is that Jew retarded or something?"   The bartender shakes his head and replies, "No Sir. He's the owner." 
Two chemists walk into a bar. Two chemists walk into a bar. The first one says, "I'll have some H2O." The second says, "I'll have some water too. But why'd you order it like that? We aren't at work." The first﻿ chemist excuses himself and weeps in the bathroom. His assassination plot had failed.
This blind guy walks into a lesbian bar... sits down at the bar and orders a drink. The lesbian bartender realizes he's blind so she serves him. He sits there for a while and then announces that he has a blonde joke to tell. The bartender says,"Just so you know, you're in lesbian bar and there are 5 blonde, badass, butch, lesbians sitting on either side of you so you might wanna reconsider telling a blonde joke." The blind man immediately says,"Oh, yeah never mind." The bartender laughs and say,"Don't wanna get your ass kicked, do ya." The blind man says,"No, I just don't wanna have to explain the joke 5 times."
A Southerner and a Northerner both walk into the same diner. The Southerner is having breakfast of coffee, grits, biscuits and jam, when the Northerner, chewing obnoxiously on gum, sits down next to him. The Southerner ignores the Northerner who, nevertheless, starts a conversation.  Northerner:"When you Southern people eat bread, do you eat the whole slice?"  Southerner:"Yep."  Northerner:(After blowing a huge bubble) "We don't. Up North, we only eat what's inside. The crust we collect in a container, recycle it, then transform them into biscuits and send them to the South." The Northerner has a smirk on his face. The Southerner listens in silence. The Northerner persist.."Do you eat jam with biscuits?"  Southerner:"Yep."  Northerner: (Cracking and smacking his gum between his teeth and chuckling) "We don't. Up North, after we eat fruit for breakfast, we put all the peels, seeds, and leftovers in containers, recycle them, and transform them into jam, and then send it down South."  Then the Southerner asks.."Y'all have sex up North?"  Northerner:"Why, of course, we do." And he pops another big bubble.  Southerner:"And what do y'all do with the condoms once ya use 'em?"  Northerner:"We throw them away, of course."  Southerner:"We don't. Down South, we put them in a jar, melt them down into bubble gum, and sell them to Yankees."
A Brit walks into a bar in Mississippi. The bartender, taking note of the man's rather non-local appearance, shook his head and handed the man a beer - he didn't want to be at the butt-end of some lame joke.  The other bargoers, however, didn't seem to have the same inclination, and so began pestering the Brit.  "Well lookie here!" said a drunkard. "We dun' gat ourselves uh fan-see shman-see *Ang-low-Sax-tun*!"  "Hey, yew! Ah betcha y'all ain't doin' tew guud after them Yurro-payeans kicked y'all outta that dumb ol' union they gat!" another joined in.  The Brit, rolling his eyes at the locals' lack of understanding, replied: "I do believe you'll find that *we* left the Union of our *own* accord, thank you very much."  "Oh, *sure* y'all did!" a third joined in. "He's lyin', fellers - them Brits ain't got no accordians, that's the French!"  "Ah," the Brit nodded, deciding to play around with the men a little. "I suppose you heard that on your lovely little 'history' channel?"  "Is that s'posed t' be uh jab at us, huh?" the first local retorted. "Ah'll have yew know that we 'ere don't *need* yer fan-see puhblic *ed-yew-cay-shun* t' be smart!"  "Matter uh fact," the second cut in, "we 'ere in Miss'ssippi better at *awll* them thangs y'all Brits do up there in Yer-up!"  "Such as?" the Brit challenged them.  "Well, we gat arselves sum guud ol' futball, and we are *sure* as *heyull* better at it than YEW!" the third local proclaimed.  "We not only invented the *real* football, but we spread it *across the world*," the Brit replied.  "*We* know how to put them blacks in their place!" the second declared.  "Ah, you went and brought a few over to your place just to mess with them?" the Brit chuckled. "How cute. We went and messed with them *on their home continent*. And we colonised the whole damn place, just for good measure."  "I...er...hm...." the first stuttered.  The locals then fell into a quick silence, not quite sure of what else they could claim to fame where the Brit could not. The Brit, meanwhile, realised the whole bar had gone rather quiet; the other locals had started listening in to the conversation with great care, hoping to find some small little piece of information that they could take pride in.  Finally, a fourth local in the back of the bar broke the silence:  "Well, y'all may not think too kindly of it, but ah'll tell y'all this much - me here, and the rest uh mah family, and quite a few of them other fam'lies in this 'ere state, are quite good at bein'...close to each other, if ya know what I mean."  The bar suddenly turned into an uproar of hollering and cheering - finally, something unique to the South!  "Ha ha, that's right, buddy!" said the first local, taking another swig of his beer. "How 'bout that - there ain't no way y'all Brits can out-do our fam'lies in incestual relashunships!"  "Well..." Prince William replied.
A man walks into a bar... After a few beers he is in the middle of a conversation with the bartender, they start talking about penguins and the man brings up: "I have never seen a penguin" The bartender replies "what?! You have never seen a penguin?! Get out of my bar and never come back". The bartender calls for security and they drag him outside.  The man very confused goes to his house and to bed with his wife. The man starts telling her about what happened. "Today I got dragged out of the bar just because I have never seen a penguin". The wife yells in terror: "what?! You have never seen a penguin?! I want the divorce!" After a long struggle the man gets kicked out of the bedroom and sleeps in the couch.  The next morning his son wakes him up asking why had he slept in the couch. The man answers: I got dragged out of the bar and kicked out of the bedroom because I have never seen a penguin. The son yells: "what?! You have never seen a penguin?! I don't love. I don't want to see you ever again!". The man has now been kicked out of his own house.  The man having nowhere to go arrives at his office but he is so overwhelmed that he starts crying on his desk. His boss passed by and asked him what's wrong. The while sobbing replies: "i got dragged out of my favorite bar, my wife wants the divorce and my son doesn't love me, all just because I have never seen a penguin!". The boss screams in his face: "what?! You have never seen a penguin?! You are fired!". The has now lost his job.  Without money the man becomes a hobo and soon enough he finds himself in the necessity of steal food to survive. But gets easily caught and sent to the judge. But the judge was an old friend from college in fact he was his best friend. So the judge asked him what had happened to him. The man doubtfully answers: "i got dragged out of my favorite bar, my wife divorced me, my son doesn't love me, and I lost my job, all just because I have never seen a penguin!" The judge slams his hammer with anger and says: "what?! You have never seen a penguin?! I sentence you to life imprisonment".  The man now in his prison gets asked by one of the other inmates how did he got here. The man is reluctant but thinks it can't get worse from where he is so replies: "I got dragged out of my favorite bar, my wife divorced me, my son doesn't love me, I lost my job, and got sentenced for life all just because I have never seen a penguin!" The other inmate stands up and yells: "what?! You have never seen a penguin?!" All the other inmates hear it they gang up on him and the man gets beaten to death.  The man stands in the gates of heaven in front of saint peter who is reading a scroll. He asks the man how did he died. He doesn't want to answer knowing for sure what would happen next but in heaven it is impossible to lie.  got dragged out of my favorite bar, my wife divorced me, my son doesn't love me, I lost my job, got sentenced for life, and beaten to death all just because I have never seen a penguin!" Saint Peter says with surprise and pity "What?! You have never seen a penguin?! Well to hell then". Saint Peter pulls a lever that opens the floor and the man falls into hell.  In hell he is greeted by the devil who after a short introduction asked the man why did he got there so he can send him to the right circle of hell. The man now tired inhales deeply:  "I got dragged out of my favorite bar, my wife divorced me, my son doesn't love me, I lost my job, I got sentenced for life, beaten to death and sent to hell all just because I have never seen a penguin!" The devil laughs mockingly: "What?! You have never seen a penguin?! To the lowest circle of hell!" The devil pushes him into a hole and falls into the deepest circle of hell.  There he meets another condemned soul like himself. That once again asks him why did he do. The man inhales deeply and says expressionless: "I got dragged out of my favorite bar, my wife divorced me, my son doesn't love me, I lost my job, I got sentenced for life, beaten to death and sent to the lowest circle of hell all just because I have never seen a penguin!" To what the other man answers: "What?! You have never seen a penguin?! Me neither!"
A particle walks into a bar... ...and his friend gets him a drink and asks how he's been. He says, "Not great. I just got laid off by my employer, and I haven't been able to find a new one, so I'm between jobs at the moment. Thankfully, though, I've recently been hired for a new position." His friend is puzzled and asks, "How can you be between jobs and still have a position?" The particle says, "It's a superposition."
f(x) walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't cater for functions
In the Wild West, a young dog with three legs walks into a bar He quietly tells the bartender, "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."
A guy walks into a bar... ... and asks the bartender for a Jack and Coke. The bartender hands him an apple. The man, looking confused, asks, "What's this?" The bartender replies, "Take a bite out of the apple." The man does and surprised, he says, "Wow, this tastes like Jack Daniels!" The bartender says, "Now turn it around." The man does and takes another bite, "...and this side tastes like Coke!" Another man walks in and asks for a Gin and Tonic. Again, the bartender hands him an apple and tells him to take a bite out of one side and then another. The man is amazed, "This tastes like Gin and Tonic!" A third man walks in and the previous two men tell him, "The bartender will give you an apple that tastes like anything you want!" The third man, looking skeptical says, "Oh, really?" He looks at the bar tender and asks, "Do you have an apple that tastes like pussy?" The bartender hands him an apple and tells him to take a bite. The third man bites into the apple and quickly spits it out, "THIS TASTES LIKE SHIT!!" The bartender says, "Turn it around..."  EDIT:  I shouldn't have to explain this but apparently some people don't understand that yes, this is indeed an old joke but I honestly don't remember where I got it from, I was browsing my old posts on Facebook in 2014 and came across it and thought it would be fun to share. IN NO WAY DID I EVER SAY THIS WAS MY ORIGINAL JOKE I MADE, if you found other sources or origins of it, then good on you.   EDIT2: ARE YOU KIDDING ME? The front page?! Really? Wow! :')
Last night this asshole doctor walks into my clinic and starts acting like he owns the place Seriously, that guy was really testing my patients
A jumper cable walks into a bar The bartender says" I'll serve you..BUT DON'T START ANYTHING"
3 guys walk into a bar... One of them is Mexican, another African and an American. The American looks at the other two and says "is this some kind of joke?"
A sprinter, a jogger and a hurdler walk into a bar. It's a running joke.
Two scientists walk into a bar... The first scientist orders h2O, the second says he wants H2O too. The bartender gives both a water because he saw this joke on reddit before.
a cow and a horse walk into a bar and ordered their drinks. the bartender then asked "how are you paying? cash or card?" to which both said mooneigh.
A Duck Walks Into A Bar A duck walks into a bar and goes to the bartender saying, "Hey bartender, got any grapes?"  The bartender gives him a puzzled look and says, "This is a bar, we don't sell grapes here."  So the duck leaves, but he comes back the following day and says, "Hey bartender, you got any grapes?"  The bartender, now slightly irritated says, "I told you yesterday this is a bar and we don't have any grapes!"  So the duck leaves and again comes back the following day and says to the bartender, "Hey bartender, you got any grapes?"  The bartender, now very annoyed says, "I've told you twice now that this is a bar and we don't have any grapes! If you ask me one more time i'm gonna nail your beak to the bar!"  So the duck leaves and once once more returns the following day going to the bar and saying, "Hey bartender, got any nails?"  The bartender says "No."   The ducks sits down and says, "Well, how 'bout some grapes?"
Two tins of soup, one tomato and the other chicken, walk into a bar... They order a couple of pints and find a seat in the corner to enjoy their tasty, refreshing beverages. A few moments later, another tin storms into the bar and starts flipping tables, screaming at the staff and throwing things about.   The tomato soup turns to his chicken-based friend and says: "we can't just sit here and let him do that! We have to stop him!"  To which the chicken soup tin says: "no chance I'm going anywhere near him, he's pure lentil"
The Beatles all walk into an orange underwater vehicle Oops, wrong sub
A dumb guy walks into a bar with his phone ..he opens Reddit and reads this post now
A blind person walks into a bar, picks up her guide dog by the leash and starts swinging it above her head. The bartender asks what she's doing, and the blind girl responds: "I'm just looking around"
C, Eb, and G walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, no minors."
A man walks into a bar with a slab of concrete under his arm He asks the barman: I'll have a beer, and one for the road
A guy walks into a bar... He says to the bartender, "Hey man, I could really use a Jack and Coke." The bartender replies, "I have just the thing," and places an apple on the bar. The man gives the bartender a strange look, to which the bartender says, "just take a bite."  So the man takes a bite of the apple. "Holy shit! That tastes just like Jack!" The bartender smiles and says, "Now... turn it around." The man turns the apple to the other side and takes another bite. "No kidding, now it tastes just like Coke."  A few minutes pass and another guy walks in. He says to the bartender, "I'd love a gin and tonic." Again, the bartender nods and places an apple on the bar. "What the hell is this?" says the second man. "Take a bite," says the first man, "this guy is really good."  So the second man takes a bite and, to his surprise, it tastes just like gin. The bartender smiles and says, "Now... turn it around." The second man turns the apple around takes another bite. It tastes just like tonic.  The evening continues and after a while a third man comes into the bar. He's already a little drunk, and when the bartender asks what he could get for him, the man bursts out, "I would *really* love some pussy." The bartender chuckles and places another apple on the bar, and the first two men excitedly encourage the third to take a bite.  "God, that tastes like ***shit***!" the man cries. The bartender smiles and says, "Now... turn it around." 
A hockey player walks into a bar He will be out 2 to 4 weeks with an upper body injury
A horse walks into a bar... The barman says "Why the long fac**e**?" The horse says "As an anthropomorphic horse, I fit in neith**e**r with humans nor my own kind, and have thus lived a life of lon**e**liness." 
A misogynistic, racist, xenophobic slanderer and corrupt man walks into a bar. The bartender says, what'll it be, Mr. President?
A QA engineer walks into a bar He buys a beer.  He buys 2 beers.  He buys 9999999999999999 beers.  He buys -1 beers.  he buys 0.1 beers.  He buys iguana beers.  he buys u9obgn;ufobefo6,.g beers.  he buys 2'); DROP TABLE *; beers.
A guy walks into a bar with an alligator  It's about 10 feet long. The bartender flips out and says, "Hey buddy, you gotta get that son of a bitch outta here. It's going to bite one of my customers and I'm going to get sued." The guy says, "No no no, it's a tame alligator. I'll prove it to you." He picks up the alligator and puts it on the bar. Then he unzips his pants, pulls out his package and sticks it in the alligator's mouth. The alligator just keeps his mouth open. After about 5 minutes, he pulls it out of the alligator's mouth and zips up his pants and says, "See, I told you it was a tame alligator. Anybody else want to try it?" The drunk down at the end of the bar says, "Yah, I'd like to try it but I don't think I can hold my mouth open that long!"
[NSFW] A drunk, a chain smoker, and a gay sex addict walk into the doctor's office. Heard this one in middle school.   A drunk, a chain smoker, and a gay sex addict walk into a doctor's office. After their consultation they all end up chatting at the bus stop and find that the doc told them all that they will die if they indulge in their addiction one more time.   After a few minutes go by, the drunk starts shaking and scratching. He says "That can't be true, right? It's ridiculous! I'm having a drink!" so he walks over to the bar across the street and orders a shot. In a single motion, he raised his shot glass to his lips, tilts his head back, downs the shot, and then falls back onto the floor dead.   The chain smoker and gay sex addict are surprised and saddened but after a few more minutes go by, the chain smoker starts shaking and scratching. He spots a half-smoked cigarette on the ground and can't take his eyes off of it. He yells "This is ridiculous! I'm having that cigarette!" but before he could reach it the sex addict stops him and says "If you bend over and grab that cigarette we're both gonners!"        On an unrelated note, how do i get to the community info and side bar from the app? It's not where it used to be. 
NSFW: a little boy walks into a drug store After reading u/weaverl47 joke I was reminded of this one:  A little boy walks into a drug store and places a box of condoms on the counter and states :"how much for these?"  The reply: "12.99 plus tax"  The boy's face lights up: "Oh, so that's how you keep them on"
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey.  He orders a drink and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all around the place. The monkey grabs some olives off the bar and eats them. Then he grabs some sliced limes and eats them. He then jumps onto the pool table and grabs one of the billiard balls. To everyone's amazement, he sticks it in his mouth, and somehow swallows it whole. The bartender screams at the guy, "Did you see what your monkey just did?"  "No, what?"  "He just ate the cue ball off my pool table... whole!"  "Yeah, that doesn't surprise me," replied the guy, "he eats everything in sight. Sorry! I'll pay for the cue ball and stuff."  The guy finishes his drink, pays his bill, pays for the stuff the monkey ate and leaves.  Two weeks later the guy is in the bar again, and has his monkey with him. He orders a drink and the monkey starts running around the bar again. While the man is finishing his drink, the   monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his butt, pulls it out, and eats it.   Then the monkey finds a peanut, and again sticks it up his butt, pulls it out, and eats it.  The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did  just now?"  "No, what?" replied the man.  "Well, he stuck both a maraschino cherry and a peanut up his butt, pulled them out, and ate them!" said the bartender.  "Yeah, that doesn't surprise me," replied the guy. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he had to shit that cue ball out, he measures everything first now."
A guy walks into the bathroom and sees a leprechaun A man walks into the bathroom and sees a leprechaun taking a piss.  The man grabs the leprechaun and says, "I got you, where's the gold?"  The leprechaun tells the man the he will give him the gold but first he needs the man to answer 3 questions and do one task.  The man agrees and the leprechaun asks,  What is your name?  Jerry How old are you Jerry?  37  Are you married Jerry? Yes, married with 3 kids  Now Jerry, I'm going to need you to suck my leprechaun dick.    Jerry considers backing out but decides he really needs the money and blows the leprechaun.    As the leprechaun zips up his pants he says to Jerry, Jerry, I have one more question...  You're 37 years old, married with 3 kids and you still believe in leprechauns? Happy St Patrick's day moron. 
A man walks into a bar... And says to the bartender, "I'll have a H2O please."  The bartender says, "I'm sorry Mr Feldman, you're in the wrong joke."
A man with a dog walks into a bar. The bartender says “Is that a French poodle, because he’s going oui oui all over the place”
A chicken walks into a library. He goes up to the librarian and says "Book Book Book"   The librarian hands him a book and the chicken goes on his way.  The chicken walks up to a frog and says "Book Book Book"  The frog reads the title and replies "Reddit Reddit Reddit"
A man walks into a Toy shop... He walks up to a shop assistant and asks what Barbie dolls the store has as he needs a gift for his daughter, the assistant replies  "Come with me and I'll show you". The store assistant brings the man to the Barbie aisle and says "we have a hairdresser Barbie for £20, a BMX Barbie for £35, a footballer Barbie for £50 (and so on)". The man replies, "they are all quite cool but I'm looking for something she will really really like". The shop assistant stops and thinks for a second before saying, "well you're in luck, we do have another new Barbie doll set but it is quite pricey"  The man replies "How much?"  "£200"  Upon hearing the price the man was very curious and asks what it could possibly be.  The assistant replies, "it's called the divorced Barbie, it comes with Ken's house, Ken's car, and Ken's money".
A Germ walks into a bar The bartender notices and says,”Hey your a germ! Your not allowed in here!” . “But I work here,” says the germ,” I’m staph.”
A blind man walks into a bar...... And a table......and a chair......
A female pop singer walks into a computer store. She buys a Mac.
Two gay men walk into a bar They spend hours in there, but they still don't come out
A Witcher walks into a tavern... (For Witcher Fans). He orders a drink of Timerian rye, then several of the baron's henchmen walk in unexpectedly and order vodka. They notice the Witcher at the counter and holler "Hey, grey boy, what's the point of having two swords!?" "Hehe.. Wonder if he keeps and extra prick in his trousers too." "Are ye fuckin deaf, or do I need to loosen your tongue with me knife too?"  The Witcher is irritated and responds, "I'm a Witcher. Heard you wondering about my swords. Well one's for monsters and the other's for 'killing monsters..."  
A grasshopper walks into a bar. The bartender says, "hey, we have a drink named after you!"  The grasshopper says, "you have a drink named Lenny?"
Amy Schumer, Chelsea Handler, and Sarah Silverman walk into a bar... Vagina!
Two Asian foreign exchange students, Ving and Ling Teeniedong, walk into a classroom They both sit next to Dave and they all get to know each other better.  As it turns out, Ving hates his name and wants to change it, so he asks Dave how he can do it.  Dave says he can drive them to the government office and show them, but Ling interjects, “you can't change your name! It has been in our family for many generations. If father finds out he will disown you!”  But Ving has his mind set and after school they head over. Ling insists on coming along and to tries convince Ving to stop, but with no luck.   On the way Dave asks Ving what name he would like, and Ving says, “Hmm, I want something cool; like Bruce Lee!”  So they get to the government building and Ving gets the proper forms from the teller. He is nearly finished when he starts to cry.  “I cannot do this,” he says, and tosses the forms back to the teller.  However, because of odd rules, he has to pay a small fee to cancel the process at this point.  “Fine, we will pay,” says Ling, taking out some money, “I'm just glad you are not going through with it.”  Suddenly, an elderly, short Asian man bursts through the door. He walks up furiously to Ling and says,  “Don't stop, be Lee, Ving. Hold on to that fee, Ling.”
Guy walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar and asks for ten shots of the establishments finest single malt scotch. The bartender sets him up, and the guy takes the first shot in the row and pours it on the floor. He then takes the last one in the row and does the same. The bartender asks him, "Why did you do that?" And the guy replies, " Well the first shot always tastes like crap, and the last one always makes me sick!"
Two guys walk into a bar... One ducks, the other says ouch!
An old man who suffers amnesia walks into a bar he can't remember anything
A math teacher walks into a chemistry class and start to teach his lecture. He turns around and says Oops wrong sub
(slightly vulgar) John Bobbit's cock walks into a bar... He sits at the table and says to the bartender "bartender, get me a drink" The bartender looks at him briefly, then goes to serve other customers.  Again he says "bartender... Get me a drink"  Again, the bartender looks at him, but again he just ignores him and continues serving other customers.   Now Bobbit's cock is getting pissed off and he says to the bartender "Wtf bartender, gimme a drink!" This time the bartender turns to him and says  "I'm sorry sir, I can't serve you any drinks, you've been cut off."
A zombie walks into a Death Metal concert... ... gets its brain eaten.
A man walks into a bar. He sat down and drank.
A snake walks into a bar The bartender asks "how the hell did you do that?"
A Man Walks Into A Bar A man walks into a bar, and sees a sign that reads "$50 if you can make my donkey laugh, $100 if you can make him cry."  Out of curiosity, he asks the bartender about it. To which he replies, "Just like the sign says. The donkey is out back; I'll give you $50 if you can make him laugh, and $100 if he cries. Tons of people have tried, but not one has been able to succeed."  So, after a few drinks, the man decides to give it a shot. He walks out back, and after a few minutes returns and says to the bartender, "The donkey is laughing, pay me."  The bartender, stunned, walks out back and sure enough, the donkey is laughing. He returns and pays the man the $50. The man then walks out back again, and after a few minutes, returns and says to the bartender, "The donkey is crying, pay me."  Bartender couldn't believe it, walks outside, and sure enough, the donkey is crying. So he returns and pays him the $100 and says "Hey, I gotta ask, how the hell did you do that? No one has ever done that."  The man finishes his drink and replies. "Well, the first time... I told him that my dick was bigger than his. The second time, I showed him."
A man walks into a bar, and to his surprise, Eminem is the one serving drinks. The man asks Eminem "Hey, can I get two shots of vodka?"  Eminem says "You only get one shot!"
So, a corpse walks into a bar... "Can I have a lemonade?" He asks the bartender.  The bartender says "Sure, I've never seen a stiff drink."
A Horse walks into a bar... He sits down at the bar and orders a drink  Bartender asks "why the long face?"  Horse replies "My alcoholism is destroying my family."
The Beach Boys walk into a bar…  "Round?"  "Round?"  "Get a round"  "I get a round?"  "Get a round...." 
A White couple walks into a fertility clinic wanting to have a baby The wife is siting at the desk and has an idea..."I want to have an Asian baby, do you want to have an asian baby" The husband, exited by the idea agrees. So they leave the fertility with what they wanted, and went home. They tried to have a baby, tried for the baby, they tried for 6 times before eventually she was pregnant. So nine months later, the couple is so excited for their Asian baby. They had prepared a lot of asian cultural activities for the newborn, to give it a sense of home. However, when the child was born, the parents realized, it was a white baby.  The moral of this story: Two whites dont make a wong 
Electron walks into a bar, bartender says what'll you have? Electron says, "I'm not positive, how about something that excites me.?
a Man walks into a bar A man walks into bar and sits down at the stool,   he asks the barman - Why is there a donkey in the corner crying with a bucket of cash on his table    The barman replies -  no one really knows but if you make the donkey laugh, the bucket of cash is yours    So the man walks over to the donkey and whispers something in his ear, the donkey bursts into laughter and the man takes his money and leaves  &amp;nbsp;   The next day he comes back into the bar and sits at the bar,  &amp;nbsp;  The donkey is still in the corner laughing with a bucket of cash on the table.  The barman tells the man - That donkey has been laughing since you left yesterday and now you get the bucket of cash if you can make him cry.  &amp;nbsp;   The man walks over to the donkey and whispers something in his ear - they both walk outside, the donkey comes back inside crying once again.  The man takes the bucket of cash, sits at the bar and orders a drink,  The barman says - you have to tell me what you are whispering to the donkey my good man.  The man replies - well, yesterday I told him I had a bigger dick than him, today I took him outside and proved it.
A guy walks into a bar...  ... with an alligator. It's about 10 feet long. The bartender flips out and says, "Hey buddy, you gotta get that son of a b*tch outta here. It's going to bite one of my customers and I'm going to get sued." The guy says, "No no no, it's a tame alligator. I'll prove it to you." He picks up the alligator and puts it on the bar. Then he unzips his pants, pulls out his package and sticks it in the alligator's mouth. The alligator just keeps his mouth open. After about 5 minutes, he pulls it out of the alligator's mouth and zips up his pants and says, "See, I told you it was a tame alligator. Anybody else want to try it?" The drunk down at the end of the bar says, "Yah, I'd like to try it but I don't think I can hold my mouth open that long!"
A man walks into a bar Orders 4 shots of tequila and drinks one after another. The bartender asks "Are you celebrating?"   "Something like that."   "What are you celebrating?"   "My first blow job."  "Hey, congrats! Let me buy you another."  "Naw, if 4 won't wash away the taste, nothing will."
A man walks into a bar He is then taken to the hospital for a head injury
Kermit the frog walks into a bar Kermit the frog asks for 15 shots of tequila. The bartender is shocked and says are you sure? Kernit the frog replies if this won't make me forget about the bad day i had i can always kermit suicide.
