A middle aged frumpy married couple return to a Mercedes dealership where the salesman has just sold the car they were interested in to a beautiful leggy busty blonde...  "I thought you said you would hold that car till we raised the $75,000 asking price, " said the man, "I just heard you close the deal for $65, 000 to the lovely young lady there. You insisted there could be no discount on the model."  "Well, she had the ready cash, and just look at her, how could I resist." replied the grinning salesman.   Just then the young woman approached the middle aged couple and gave them the keys.  "There you go, " she said, "I told you I would get the prick to reduce it. See you later dad!"
A blonde arrives at work one morning And enters the elevator with a coworker. She smiles at him and says "T.G.I.F.!"   The coworker smiles back and says "S.H.I.T.!"  Confused, the blonde says again, "TGIF!"  Once again her coworker says "S.H.I.T."  Finally the blonde says "Thank God it's Friday!."  The coworker responds: "Sorry Honey, it's Thursday."
[Blonde] Why are all the blondes rushing to get breast implants? Because they don't want to pay the flat tax.
A blonde is driving to work when she hears on the radio: "You are listening to Radio 1". The blonde gets angry and starts yelling: "HOW THE HELL DO THEY KNOW WHAT I'M LISTENING??!"
A brunette confides to her blonde friend ... "Please don't tell anyone, but I'm deathly afraid of bees." The blonde says, "Don't worry, I won't say a word. To be honest, the entire alphabet scares the hell out of me."
One day 3 blonde girls were talking to each other.[NSFW] One day 3 blonde girls were talking to each other. Suddenly the subject changed into blow jobs and the 2 girls were talking about how their boyfriends Ted and Frank had cold balls while they’re getting a blow job. Then they asked the third girl Sally how her boyfriend Dave’s balls were. She got uncomfortable and said in a shy voice that she actually never gave a blow job before. The 2 girls were screaming and shouting that she absolutely should give him a blow job before he will leave her and seek pleasure with other girls. The 2 girls told Sally to give Dave blow job tonight and they would meet each other for breakfast the next morning to talk about it. So that night Sally gave her boyfriend a good blowjob.  So the next morning Sally comes back with a black eye. The 2 girls are startled by it and ask Sally what happened. Sally says:’ Well I was giving him a blow job and said hey that’s funny, your balls are warm when I give you a blow job, but Ted’s and Frank’s were not.’
A blonde wants to buy a new TV She goes into a store, makes her choice and asks an assistant "How much does this TV cost?"  The assistant looks at her and says "Sorry ma'am I'm afraid we don't sell to blondes." Confused and irritated, the blonde leaves the store. Determined to buy a TV, she dyes her hair black and goes back a week later. She goes to checkout and says "I'd like to buy this TV." The cashier looks up at her and says "sorry ma'am, but we don't sell to blondes."   "But how did you know I was a natural blonde? And why won't you sell me this TV, just because I'm a blonde?"  "Because that's a microwave, ma'am" 
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant 
The Valentine's Day Blonde A woman receives a huge bouquet of flowers from her boyfriend at the office and is clearly upset about it. Her co-workers ask what's wrong.  She replies, very annoyed: "This is just great. Now I guess I'll have to spend the whole evening on my back, with my legs in the air!"  The blonde says, "That's awful! Don't you have a vase?"
A blonde is drilling in the ice to fish when he hears a voice call out from above... **There are no fish under the ice**   The guy looks up but doesn't see anyone. He asks - can I at least drill and see for myself?   The answers in a louder tone.   **There are no fish under the ice**    The poor guy looks up and still can't see anyone. He thinks to himself - maybe I'm just hearing voices. He continues drilling.   The voice bellows louder than ever!   **There are no fish under the ice**   Now the blonde begins to tremble as he asks - who speaks to me?  **The owner of the skating rink** 
Why a blonde woman can't call the 911? Because she dont find the 11   
A BLONDE'S BRAIN Q: What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? A: Pregnant.
A guy took his blonde girlfriend to her first football game...  They had great seats right behind their team's bench. After the game, he asked her how she liked the experience. "Oh, I really liked it," she replied, "especially the tight pants and all the big muscles, but I just couldn't understand why they were killing each other over 25 cents." Dumbfounded, her date asked, "What do you mean?" "Well, they flipped a coin, one team got it, and then for the rest of the game, all they kept screaming was, 'Get the quarterback! Get the quarterback!' I'm like, hello? It's only 25 cents!"
A blonde loses her checkbook... When she reports this to her bank manager, he scolds her, "you need to be careful. Someone can forge your signature and steal your money!"   She assures him, "nah, I signed all my checks, so there's no space to forge my checks" 
what do you call a blonde in the freezer ? her parents called her Cindy so we should still call her that . She was supposed to graduate tomorrow.
Blonde joke (short) A blonde tells her husband she thinks she's pregnant and sends him off to the store to buy a pregnancy test. As he's leaving she says buy two in case it's twins.
What do you call a blonde in the freezer? Her parents named her Cindy so we should probably continue to call her that. She was supposed to graduate tomorrow.
Blonde Mom: I think my son's friends have lisps They keep asking me for some Milf.
How do you confuse a blonde? Paint yourself green and throw ping pong balls at her
What do you call a blond policewoman who doesn't shave her pubes? Hot fuzz. 
A blonde and a brunette are on an elevator... A short man with flaky hair and dandruff comes in and then gets off on the next floor.  The brunette goes: "Wow, that guy could really use some Head and Shoulders."  The blonde says: "How do you give shoulders?"
A blonde goes golfing with her father She is feeling good about her game recently, so she challenges her father: "If you beat me, I'll buy you dinner and drinks. If I beat you, you give me $20 to go shopping. The father agrees.  After the round, the father adds up the scores. "Ha! I beat you by 3 strokes. Let me think about what restaurant I want," he says triumphantly. The blonde grabs the scorecard to try adding it herself. Not wanting to make a mistake, she pulls out her phone and calculates it carefully.   After 10 minutes, the father is starting to get impatient. Finally the blonde looks up. "Well, did you finish adding it up?"  "Yup," she replied. "Nice try, Daddy, but I got the higher score!"
The world's dumbest Blonde took an online IQ test. She only scored 104.
A blonde tried to commit suicide Police found six bullet holes in her mirror.
A blonde joke They get drunk and wake up in jail, only to find that they are to be executed in the morning – though none of them can remember what they did the night before.  The first one, a redhead, is strapped in the electric chair and is asked if she has any last words. She says, “I just graduated from Trinity Bible College and believe in the almighty power of God to intervene on the behalf of the innocent.”  They throw the switch and nothing happens. The executioners all immediately fall to the floor on their knees, beg for forgiveness, and release her.  The second one, a brunette, is strapped in and gives her last words. “I just graduated from the Harvard School of Law and I believe in the power of justice to intervene on the part of the innocent.”  They throw the switch and again, nothing happens. Again they all immediately fall to their knees, beg for forgiveness and release her.  The last one, a blonde, is strapped in and says, “Well, I’m from the University of Texas and just graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering, and I’ll tell ya right now, ya’ll ain’t gonna electrocute nobody if you don’t plug this thing in.”
A Blonde walks into a bank A Blonde walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the loan officer. She says she is going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5,000.The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for such a loan, so the Blonde hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce parked on the street in front of the bank. Everything checks out, and the bank agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. An employee drives the Rolls into the bank's underground garage and parks it there.   Two weeks later, the Blonde returns, repays the $5,000 and the interest, which comes to $15.41. The loan officer says, "We are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very nicely, but we are a little puzzled. While you were away, we checked you out and found that you are a multimillionaire. What puzzles us is why would you bother to borrow $5,000?"  The Blonde replied, "Where else in New York can I park my car for two weeks for 15 bucks?"
Why did the blonde girl have a bruise on her belly button? Because blonde guys are dumb too. 
Blonde found dead inside car at bottom of ocean She forgot to turn on cruise control...
'I think I am blonde' is an oxymoron Because blondes don't think
Drunk Blonde So a blonde walks into a Bar at a hotel that has it on the top story and sits Down. A man in a Trench coat Leans over to her and says,"You should get this beer" *Holds up bottle* "It allows you to do amazing things!"  At this the man stands up, jumps out the window and Flies around twice before coming back into the Building. The blonde then orders the Same beer. She drinks it. And then Jumps out the window. And falls to her death.   The Owner of the Bar then turns to the man in the coat and says, "You know you're a real Prick when you're drunk, Superman." 
A blonde sees a banana peel on the ground "oh no! I don't want to fall again!"
what do you call a blonde with brains a golden retriever
A brunette, a redhead, and a blonde were all talking about how they were trying to conceive children with their husbands. The brunette says, "I know that from the position we use in the bedroom that we are having a girl." The redhead says, "I know that from the position that we use in the bedroom we are having a boy."  The blonde sat there for a second with a puzzled look on her face and then chimed in, "well then from the position we use in the bedroom we must be having puppies!" 
What is better than a hot blonde girl with a huge cock? A sexy brunette girl with a huge hen. 
Blonde goes to gynecologist her belly has been growing does not know what that means.  Doc checks her, tells her she's pregnant.  "Doctor, are you sure it's mine?"
A conversation between a forgetful mathematician and a blonde Mathematician: "Excuse me, I seem to have forgotten the value for the sine function. Do you know what it is?"  Blonde: Ah???  Mathematician: No, not that, that's for cosine.  Blonde: Oh...  Mathematician: That's it! Thank you!
A blonde gets mugged A blonde gets mugged, she asked the mugger 'what do you need the money for?'.  The mugger replies 'i need money for Ice, I have a serious meth addiction'. So the blonde hands over all her money then a few hours later she goes to her freezer and says 'dumb mugger ice is free, you can make it at home'.
A gorgeous blonde is stranded on an island... Two cannibals, father and son, find her. The son says to the father: Wow dad! She is beautiful! Are we going to eat her? To which the father replies: No son. Don't be silly, we're keeping her. We're eating your mother.
3 actresses walk into an audition for a dumb waitress, one brunette, one redhead, and one blonde... The director gives each of them a different character, tells each of them to prepare and read for the character, and then sends them into a waiting room.  The brunette auditions first, says the name of her character, gives it her best shot, but the director sends her away unimpressed.   The redhead goes next, says her different character's name, tries her best, but ultimately fails like the brunette did.   Finally, after getting bored and reading magazines and newspapers in the waiting room for half an hour, it's the blonde's turn. She goes into the room and says the name of her character.  Suddenly, before she can continue, the director gets up and congratulates her on getting the part. Confused, the blonde asks, "How, I didn't read any lines yet?"  The director looks at her, laughs, and then tells her, "That wasn't the character I gave you, you're holding an obituary."
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back
A Blonde Woman Asks For A $5000 Loan A blonde woman walks into a bank in NYC before going on vacation and asks for a $5,000 loan. The banker asks, "Okay, miss, is there anything you would like to use as collateral?" The woman says, "Yes, of course. I'll use my Rolls Royce." The banker, stunned, asks, "A $250,000 Rolls Royce? Really?" The woman is completely positive. She hands over the keys, as the bankers and loan officers laugh at her. They check her credentials, make sure she is the title owner. Everything checks out. They park it in their underground garage for two weeks. When she comes back, she pays off the $5,000 loan as well as the $15.41 interest. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very appreciative of your business with us, but I have one question. We looked you up and found out that you are a multi-millionaire. Why would you want to borrow $5,000?" The woman replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
A Blonde, Brunette, and a Redhead all die and go to Hell.... Once they arrive they receive a challenge from the Devil - if they can stump him, they're free to go to heaven instead.    The Brunette goes first and as she was a famous philosopher in life, asks the Devil a very hard philosophy question - to which the Devil snaps his fingers, gets a book, and gives the answer.    The Redhead tries as well - she was an incredibly talented scientist and asks a question related to a breakthrough discovery that happened right before she died. The Devil instantly gets the answer.    When it comes to the blonde, she pulls up a chair and drills three holes in it.  She then sits down in the chair and farts. "Now," she says, "which hole did the fart come out of?"  "That's easy," says the Devil. "All of them."  "No, stupid! It came out of my butthole!"
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are standing on the edge of a cliff.. A wizard mysteriously appears over the edge and says "I am an almighty wizard whatever you say as you jump off this cliff will appear at the bottom and safely break your fall" the brunette jumps off and yells "CASH MONEY" and safely lands in a giant pile of money. The red head yells "EXPENSIVE JEWELERY!"and safely slides down a mountain of jewelry to the bottom. The blonde thinks for a moment and starts sprinting towards the edge, as she is about to jump she trips off the edge and yells "OH SHIT!"
A blonde and a ginger are falling down a building, which one reaches the ground first? The ginger, because the blonde had to stop and ask for directions.
A blonde women takes a flight to Rome And goes directly to the 1st class. The stewardess told her that she only bought a 2nd class ticket. Whatever the stewardess is saying, the blonde neither listens nor moves away. Desperate, the stewardess turns towards the captain who tells her, that he will handle this. He went to the blonde and whispers something in her ear. Few seconds later, the blonde took her place in the 2nd class. The stewardess doesn't believe her eyes and asked the captain what he told the blonde woman.  "1st class doesn't go to Rome" the captain answered.
A blonde goes to the doctor... A blonde goes to the doctor. The doctor looks at her and asks what seems to be the problem?     "Everything hurts! No matter where I touch."     "My arms, my thighs, my chest, my head! All of it!"    He looks her over completely and finally looks at her in amazement.  "Lady, your *finger* is broken."
A blonde buys a whole pizza Clerk: *holding pizza slicer* "How many slices would you like your pizza to be, ma'am, 6 or 8?"  Blonde: Only 6! Only 6! I might not finish it if it were 8.
Why Can't A Blonde Call 911? Because they can't find the eleven
Blonde - How do blondes take selfies? With DSLRs and the lens cap on
How do you knock a one-armed blonde out of a tree? With a rock, just like anyone else, you prejudiced prick.   Y-you you probably even assumed it was a woman? Didn't you? Like a man wouldn't fall or something. Just because they have one arm?   Get help man. 
A blonde in Russia is buying a coat to protect herself from the cold in winter. The salesman gets the best winter coat for her size and gives it to her for her to try it. The blonde puts the coat on, goes out and waits for two minutes to see if it works well. Then she says, "Oh there is no need to get a coat anymore, the weather got warm!"
A blond and a brunette are walking through a field at night. There is a full moon out.  The brunette points to the moon and says, "Did you know that the moon is made out of cheese?"  The blond's eyes widen and she says, "No, that's really neat!"  The brunette then says, "you know, if we could get up to the moon, gather up a bunch of that cheese and bring it back to Earth, we could sell it and make a ton of money!"  The blond in excitement responded, "Oh wow, that's a brilliant idea!  But there is one problem, how will we get up to the moon?"  The brunette says, "oh, no problem.  I'll just shine my flashlight on the moon and you can walk up the beam of light and grab some of that cheese and then bring it back down."  At that moment the brunette pulled out her flashlight and shined it on the moon.  The blond looked at the beam of light, studied it for a few seconds, then looked back at her brunette friend and said, "Wait a minute, I think you're playing a joke on me.  Aren't you?"  The brunette smiled and said, "Yah, you got me.  I was just teasing you."  The blond then continued, "Yah, I get it now.  You were going to wait until I got half way to the moon and then you were going to turn off your flashlight."
A Smart Blonde, Big Foot and Santa Claus Jump From A Building. Who reaches the ground first? No one, none of them exists.
A brunette, redhead and blonde leave the bar On there walk home they see a farm and decide to break into the barn to pet the animals. The farmer noticed someone broke into his barn and he called the cops, when the girls heard the cops coming they decided to hide.   The cops come up to a cow and shine there flashlights on it, from behind the cow the brunette yells "moo"! The cops think nothing of it and move on.   They come up to a sheep and shine there flashlights on it, from behind the sheep the redhead yells "baaah"! The cops think nothing of it and move on.   Finally they come up to a sack of potatoes. They shine there flashlights on them and from behind the potatoes the blonde yells "potato potato"! 
A blonde walks into a bank and says "Hands in the air! This is a screw-up!" The banker, confused, says "Surely you must mean a 'stick-up'." The blonde responds, "No, I forgot the gun."
Blonde boards a airplane A blonde gets on an airplane and sits down in the first class section of the plane. The stewardess rushes over to her and tells her she must move to coach because she doesn’t have a first class ticket. The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m smart, I have a good job, and I’m staying in first class until we reach Jamaica.” The disgusted stewardess gets the head stewardess who asks the blonde to leave. The blonde yet again repeats “I’m blonde, I’m smart, I have a good job and I’m staying in first class until we reach Jamaica.” The head stewardesses doesn’t even know what to do at this point because they still have to get the rest of the passengers seated to take off; the blode is causing a problem with boarding now, so the stewardess gets the copilot. The copilot goes up to the blonde and whispers in her ear. She immediately gets up and goes to her seat in the coach section. The head stewardess asks the copilot in amazement what he said to get her to move to her correct seat. The copilot replies, “I told her the front half of the airplane wasn’t going to Jamaica.”
Blonde gives postman his xmas bonus She invites him in and he sees a lavish spread of food laid out.  Thinking he's interrupting a soirée he starts to leave but she says "no it's for you".   After stuffing himself he gets up to leave but she slips off her gown and seduces him. Satiated completely he prepares to leave but before he does, the blond slips him an envelope.    He opens it to find $1.  Perplexed he asks her "I don't understand? After that exquisite meal, the afternoon delight, why only a dollar?"    The blond replies: "well when I asked my husband what to give the postman for xmas he said 'fuck him. Give him a buck' *but* the buffet was my idea!" 
This is Blonde Joke An old blind cowboy wanders into an all-girl biker bar by mistake... He finds his way to a bar stool and orders a shot of Jack Daniels. After sitting there for a while, he yells to the bartender, 'Hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?' The bar immediately falls absolutely silent. In a very deep, husky voice, the woman next to him says, 'Before you tell that joke, Cowboy, I think it is only fair, given that you are blind, that you should know five things:     1. The bartender is a blonde girl with a baseball bat.    2. The bouncer is a blonde girl with a 'Billy-Club'.    3. I'm a 6-foot tall, 175-pound blonde woman with a black belt in karate.    4. The woman sitting next to me is blonde and a professional weight lifter.    5. The lady to your right is blonde and a professional wrestler. 'Now, think about it seriously, Cowboy.... Do you still wanna tell that blonde joke?' The blind cowboy thinks for a second, shakes his head and mutters, 'No...not if I'm gonna have to explain it five times.........'
Dating a blonde A blonde goes on a hot date and ends up making out with the guy in his car. The guy asks if she would like to go in the backseat.  "No!" yells the blonde.  Things get even hotter, and the guy asks again.  "For the last time, no!" says the blonde. Frustrated, the guy asks, "Well, why the hell not?"  The blonde says, "Because I wanna stay up here with you!"
A blonde walks into a bar and orders a cheeseburger. "Do you want any condiments?"  Asks the bartender.  "I didn't realize they made mint flavored ones.." She says.  "No, I mean do you want anything on the burger?"  "Oh.  I assumed it came with cheese and bread on it."  "Lady, are you fucking with me?" He asks.  "Only if you have some of those mint condoms you were talking about."
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are all in the ninth grade, which one is the hottest? The blonde, because she's the only one who's 18
A Blonde Checks Her Mail A man was outside mowing his lawn, when the blonde next door came out and looked in her mailbox. She frowned and went back in.      After a few minutes the blonde came back out and looked in her mailbox again. She had the same reaction and then went in once more. The man was a little confused but he minded his own business.      A few minutes later the blonde returned once more, and now the man was curious. 'What are you doing?' he asked her, 'You've checked your mailbox three times now. Nothings going to change in a few minutes.'      The blonde replies, 'Yes, but my computer keeps saying "You've got mail !" '    I read this on a joke site a couple years ago. Thought it belonged here. 
So a blonde girl claimed to have found a "hardcore glitch in the matrix" That would change the way we look at the world entirely. The whole world was shaken by her claims, there were news articles, reports, analysis, speculations of all kinds. Talks about the end of the world and aliens attack started to make rounds as well. The whole scientist community was excited to know what the young lady had found! So a huge Science convention was organized, media and scientists from all over the world were called and everybody was glued to their televisions. Ellon Musk hosted and paid for the entire convention and finally the moment came, the blonde girl was called onto the stage and she wasted little time once the mic was handed to her  "OHH MY GOD! You people will not believe I was shitfaced just the other day like a week ago or may be two and I was at my friend's house party getting fucked by a black dude and a white dude and Ohh My Gooood!!! literally the white guy had bigger dick than the black guy."
A guy and a blonde were driving down the road. The blonde  asks her friend to see if the car's blinker is working. So the guy looks out the window and says, ''Yes. No. Yes. No.''
How do you make a blond snow women? You carve out the head
A blonde is going door to door trying to find some paying work... She knocks on one door and a handsome older man opens it up.   "Hey mister, do you have any odd jobs I could do for cash?"   He looks her up and down and surmises that she's an idiot whom he can take advantage of.   "I'll give you ten dollars if you paint my porch. There's paint, brushes, ladders and everything you'll need next to the car in the garage."   "Sure, sounds great!"   The man closes the door, chuckling at what a great deal he's just brokered. Half an hour later, there's another knock at the door. He opens it up and there's the blonde.   "You're finished already?" he asked her incredulously.   "Yeah! It isn't really that big! But I think you should know, that's not a porch. It's a Jaguar!"
What do you get when you cross a feminist, a raggedy old bag and a blond wig? HILLARY CLINTON  
What do you call a blonde who does a handstand? A brunette with bad breath. 
A flight is on its way to Sydney when a blonde in economy class gets up, and moves to the first class section and sits down The flight attendant watches her do this, and asks to see her ticket.  She then tells the blonde that she paid for economy class, and that she will have to sit in the back.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”.  The flight attendant goes into the cockpit and tells the pilot and the co-pilot that there is a blonde bimbo sitting in first class, that belongs in economy, and won’t move back to her seat.  The co-pilot goes back to the blonde and tries to explain that because she only paid for economy she will have to leave and return to her seat.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”.  The co-pilot tells the pilot that he probably should have the police waiting when they land to arrest this blonde woman who won’t listen to reason.  The pilot says, “You say she is a blonde? I’ll handle this, I’m married to a blonde. I speak blonde”.  He goes back to the blonde and whispers in her ear, and she says, “Oh, I’m sorry” and gets up and goes back to her seat in economy. The flight attendant and co-pilot are amazed and asked him what he said to make her move without any fuss.  I told her, “First class isn’t going to Sydney “
A clever guy walks up to a blonde girl. ...    Nope never.  
The blonde girl panicked when she got stuck inside her car as her doors wouldn't open. She quickly dialed 911 and cried, "I'm in the Orlando Mall parking lot, my doors won't open and its getting to be a hot day!"  The dispatcher sent a squad car and soon the police were searching about the parking lot looking for her car.  The operator asked, "The officer wants to know what kind of car you are stuck in."  The blonde replied, "It's a convertible."  The operator said, "I'd imagine there are many convertibles in that lot, which one are you?"  Exasperated, the blonde shouted, "The one with the top down!"  
A rabbi, a bishop and a hot blonde walk into a bar... The bartender says: "What is this, some kind of joke?"
There was a magical mirror. A blonde, brunette and redhead walked up to it... They read a sign next to the mirror saying: "If you lie while standing in front of the mirror, you will instantly die."  Of course, they decided to test this and the redhead walked up to the mirror and said,"I think I am the most talented girl in the city" She died on the spot. The brunette walked up to the mirror and said, "I think I am the most beautiful girl in the country" She died on the spot. The blonde walks up to the mirror and said, "I think-" She died instantly, on the spot.
Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble. In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull so that they can breed their own stock. The brunette balances their checkbook, then takes their last $600 dollars out west to another ranch where a man has a prize bull for sale. Upon leaving, she tells her sister, "When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home." The brunette arrives at the man’s ranch, inspects the bull, and decides she does want to buy it. The man tells her that he can sell it for $599, no less. After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news. She walks into the telegraph office, and says, "I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pick-up truck and drive out here so we can haul it home." The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, "It’s just 99 cents a word." Well, with only $1 left after paying for the bull, the brunette realizes that she’ll only be able to send her sister one word. After thinking for a few minutes, she nods, and says, “I want you to send her the word, 'comfortable.'” The telegraph operator shakes his head. "How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pick-up truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her the word, 'comfortable'?" The brunette explains, "My sister’s blonde. She’ll read it slow."
are you serious? blind man A blind man walks into a bar, taps the man next him and says, "Hey, wanna hear a blond joke?" The man said to the blind man, "Look buddy, I'm blond. The man behind me is a 400-pound professional wrestler, and he's blond. The bouncer is blond. The man sitting over to your left is also blond. Still wanna tell that blond joke?" The blind man was silent for a moment and then said, "Nah, I wouldn't want to have to explain it five times."
blonde joke A blonde woman was driving by a cornfield and saw a different blonde woman in the middle of the field in a canoe trying to row through the field. The woman in the car slammed on the brakes and rolled down her window "you know it's blondes like you that make blondes like me look bad and if I could swim I would come out there and kick your ass".
A blonde walks into a bar She collided with a bar.
A blonde walks into a very noisy dry cleaners.. blonde: "Could you get this stain out for me please"  cashier: "COME AGAIN?"  blonde: "NO ITS MUSTARD THIS TIME" 
A blonde is walking along the riverbank and sees another blonde across the river. She screams "Hi!". The other blonde responds "Hi!" Then she screams "How can I get to the other side?" The other blonde looks left and looks right and looks right at her and says "You ARE on the other side!"
Blonde Joke A blonde and a redhead have a ranch. They have just lost their bull. The women need to buy another, but only have $500. The redhead tells the blonde, "I will go to the market and see if I can find one for under that amount. If I can, I will send you a telegram." She goes to the market and finds one for $499. Having only one dollar left, she goes to the telegraph office and finds out that it costs one dollar per word. She is stumped on how to tell the blonde to bring the truck and trailer. Finally, she tells the telegraph operator to send the word "comfortable." Skeptical, the operator asks, "How will she know to come with the trailer from just that word?" The redhead replies, "She's a blonde so she reads slow: 'Come for ta bull.'"
A blonde cop stops a blonde motorist... A blonde cop stops blonde motorist and asks for her driving license.   The Motorist scuffles around in her purse and can't find it. She says to the cop, "I must have left it at home officer."   The cop says, "Well, do you have any kind of identification?" The motorist scuffles around in her purse again, and finds a pocket mirror.   She looks at it and says to the cop, "All I have is this picture of myself." The cop says, "Let me see it, then." So the blonde motorist gives the mirror to the blonde cop, who looks at it, and replies, "Well, if I had known you were a police officer, I wouldn't have even pulled you over. You can go now."  Edit: why,  reddit,  must you be so cruel as to make this,  out of all my amazing posts, my top post? 
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette... ...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.  The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.'  The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.'  The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.'  The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.
A blonde from the city is tired of being teased. She just can't take the blonde jokes anymore.  So, she dyes her hair red and moves to the country.   She is sitting along a country road looking at a field full of sheep.  She counts all the sheep and comes up with an idea to get a sheep of her own.  She drives to the farm house and finds the farmer.   "Good afternoon. Is that your field full of sheep?" She asks the farmer.  "Yes it is" replies the farmer.  "I would just love to have a pet sheep. But I can not afford to buy one. If I can guess how many sheep you have, can I have one?"  The farmer smiles and says, "sure, if you can guess how many sheep I have you can have one."  The blonde looks over at the field and then says, "328 sheep"  The farmer is amazed. "That is exactly right. Go pick a sheep"  The blonde picks a sheep and puts it in her car. She is backing out of the driveway and the farmer comes running up to the car.   "Excuse me miss. But, if I can guess your real hair color, can I have my dog back?!!"
Whats the difference between a Blonde and a Washing Machine? The Washing Machine will not follow you around for 2 weeks after you dump a load in it!
What do you call a blonde who dyed her hair brown? Artificial Intelligence
Blond guy goes to a bar... A hefty, muscular gun toting blond guy from Austin Texas goes to a bar on his Harley Davidson. He parks the bike outside, goes in and orders a drink.  Now the regulars at this bar have a habit of picking on newcomers. So when the blond goes back his bike is missing from its spot. He walks back in.  He shouts out, "Which one of ya'll fuckers stole my Harley?"  Nobody answers. He caresses his gun and says, "Here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna get another drink and if ma bike ain't back where I left it, I'm gonna do the same thing I did back in Austin. And I don't like what I did back in Austin."  True to his word, he orders a drink and goes back out, to find his Harley back where it was!  As he puts on his helmet, the bar owner asks him, "If you don't mind me asking, what did you do back in Austin?"  The blond replies, "I had to walk back home."
One day a redhead, a brunette, and a blonde were on their way to heaven.  God told them the stairs to heaven were 1,000 steps and on every step he was going to tell them a joke.  If they laughed they would not be able to get to heaven. So the redhead made it to the 45th step and laughed. The brunette made it to the 200th step and laughed. But the blonde made it to the 999th step and laughed even before god told his joke. God asked "Why did you laugh I haven't even told the joke yet" The blonde said, "I know I just now got the first one!!!"
The concept of blonde jokes are very simple. Everybody gets it, not the blondes though.
Blonde: Doctor, it hurts everywhere I touch. Doctor: You have a broken finger.
A Blond, Burnett and a Red Head are stuck on a deserted Island. A Blond, Burnett and a Red Head are stuck on a deserted Island. After days of searching for a way off, they come across a lamp. After picking it up a genie appears. The genie tells them that if the want to get of the Island they need to run and jump off the cliff. As they fall to the ocean below yell out want you want to turn into and you will be able to get away safely. The Redhead runs off the cliff and yells "Eagle" and flies away safely. The Burnett jumps off the cliff yells "Dolphin" and swims away. The blond runs forward, trips on a rock and yells, "Shit!"
On his first day on the job, a blond cop shoots and kills 3 black men His commander pulls him aside and says "Good job, rookie.  Don't worry, we'll get you off the hook for this.  But why kill 3?  We only told you to kill 1".  He replies, "No, you told me to shoot a black per son.  My wife and I have 3 boys."
A blonde was sitting at the first class seat on a plane... The air stewardress tried to pursuade her to return back to economy, which she had bought. The blonde replied: "im blonde, im fabulous and im going to london."  After much persuasion, the blonde still refused to move away. The air stewardress had no choice but to call upon the captain to tell her to move back to her seat.  The air stewardress entered the cockpit, explained the situation and the captain nodded his head. He went to the blonde and whispered in her ear. The blonde immediately moved back to economy.  The air stewardress, amazed, asked the captain what he said to the blonde. The captain replied: "simple, i told her first class aint going to london"
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are all stuck on an island. The redhead tries to swim home and makes a quarter of the way there, then drowns. The brunette gets a third of the way there, then drowns. The blonde gets halfway there, then gets tired, turns around and swims back.
A blond is driving down a California highway and sees a semi pulled over on the side of the road broken down. She asks the driver "do you need a ride." The semi driver says "no I'll fix the truck but I have 2 chimps that need to get to the San Diego zoo, I'll give you $100 if you take them there." "Sure" says the lady. He helps her get them strapped in and she was on her way. A few hours later the semi driver got into San Diego and sees this woman walking down the street with the chimps. He pulls over and hollers "What the hell? I gave you $100 to take these chimps to the San Diego zoo." Looking confused the lady responds "we did go to the zoo, we have change left over so we are going to SeaWorld."
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are in a maternity ward, waiting to give birth. The brunette says, "I think I'm having a boy because when we conceived, my husband was on top".  The redhead smiles and says, "in that case, I'm having a girl. I'm always on top!" At this, the blonde starts crying hysterically. The other two calm her down and ask her what's wrong. "I'm having puppies!" she sobs
What does a mediating blond girl sound like? "Ummmmmmmmmm...."
Why did the blonde have lipstick on her steering wheel? She was trying to blow the horn
I really have to stop telling blonde people jokes. They never understand them.
A blonde woman was getting tired of all the blonde jokes she heard, so she dyed her hair and set out to prove them wrong while “undercover” She came across a huge heard of sheep and saw their shepherd.   “Hey! If I can correctly count all your sheep, can I have one?” she asked, eyeing a chance to prove blondes could at least do basic math.   The bored shepherd answered, “Yeah, sure”.   The blonde set about counting and came back a little later.   “117”  “I’ll be... that’s right!”   Proudly, the blonde took her prize and made to walk away. As she did, the shepherd made a grimace.   “Wait!” shouted the shepherd.   “What?” said the blonde and stopped.   “Your hair is dyed, right?”   Getting nervous, the blonde answered, “yeah?”.   “If I can guess your original hair colour, can I get my dog back?”
A blonde and her thermos A blonde notices that her coworker has a thermos, so she asks him what it's for. He responds, "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold."  The blonde immediately buys one for herself. The next day, she goes to work and proudly displays it.  Her coworker asks, "What do you have in it?"  She replies, "Soup and ice cream."
A Blonde Walks into a Library A blonde walks into a library and slams a book on the desk.  She says, "This is the worst book I've ever read!! There's no plot and it has way too many characters!!"  The librarian says, "So that's what happened to our phonebook."
I saw this gorgeous blonde police officer today who really knocked me for six, she was stunning the crap out of me with her taser after I tried to grab her ass!
What do you see when you look into a blonde's eyes? The back of her head.
Blind, Blonde, &amp; Ballsy A blind man walks into a bar, taps the man next him, and says, "Hey, wanna hear a blonde joke?" The man says back to the blind man, "Look buddy, I'm blonde. The man behind me is a 400-pound professional wrestler and he is blonde. The bouncer is blonde. The man sitting over to your left is also blonde. Still wanna tell that blonde joke?" The blind man is silent for a moment and then says, "Nah, I wouldn't want to have to explain it five times."  
A blonde is driving down the street... Suddenly she is stopped by a police car. A police officer gets out of the car and walks up to her car and says: "Ma'am I'm gonna need to see your papers and your drivers license."   The blonde hands him her papers but looks at the police officer confused and asks: "Aren't my papers and my drivers license the same thing?"   "No Ma'am, your drivers license is like a small flat thing with a picture of you on it.  The blonde is searching her back when she suddenly yells:" Found it!" and hands the police officer a mirror.   The police officer replies:" Oh, I'm sorry. If i would have known you worked for the police too i would't have stopped you!"
Blonde walks into appliance store A blonde walks into an appliance store, a salesman approaches her and asks "How may I help you?" The blonde responds "I'd like to buy this tv" the salesman says "sorry we don't sell to blondes" furious the blonde leaves. A couple days later she dyes her hair Brown and goes back, the same salesman is there and says "How may I help you?" She replies "I'd like to buy this tv" again the salesman says "sorry we don't sell to blondes" again the blonde leaves madder then the time before. Finally a week later the blonde dyes her hair red and goes back for one last try, the same salesman comes up and says "How may I help you?" The blonde says "I'd like to buy this tv" the salesman responds "sorry we don't sell to blondes" the blonde says "I've dyed my hair two different times how have you known I'm blonde both times?" The salesman responds "because that's a microwave"
A blonde woman walks into a shop A blonde woman walks into a shop and says  "I'd like to buy that tv"  The man replies  "You cannot" The woman replies "Why not?" The man says "because you're blonde"  So, the woman walks out and dyes her hair brown and returns later that day. She says to the man "I'd like to buy that tv" He replies "You cant because you're blonde" She says "What?!  How do you know??!" He says Because that's not a TV that's a microwave" 
A blond is asked the definition of Politics. She says "Simple! It comes from two words. The first, poly- which is Latin for many. And ticks, which are blood sucking bugs."  credit - Taylor Mason
A Blonde and a Brunette are having coffee In walks the Brunettes' fiancee, bearing a dozen roses. The Brunette rolls her eyes and says "now I'm going to have to spend the weekend with my legs up in the air." The Blonde looks at the Brunette with surprise, and says "oh, don't you have a vase?"
A guy took his blonde girlfriend to her first football game...... .....They had great seats right behind their team's bench.  After the game, he asked her how she liked the experience.  "Oh, I really liked it," she replied, "especially the tight pants and all the big muscles, but I just couldn't understand why they were killing each other over 25 cents."  Dumbfounded, her date asked, "What do you mean?"  "Well, they flipped a coin, one team got it, and then for the rest of the game, all they kept screaming was, 'Get the quarterback! Get the quarterback!' I'm like, hello? It's only 25 cents!”
The Blonde Nun. One night a blonde nun was praying in her room when God appeared before her. “My daughter, you have pleased me greatly. Your heart is full of love for your fellow creatures and your actions and prayers are always for the benefit of others. I have come to you, not only to thank and commend you, but to grant you anything you wish,” said God.  “Dear Heavenly Father, I am perfectly happy. I am a bride of Christ. I am doing what I love. I lack for nothing material since the Church supports me. I am content in all ways,” said the nun.  “There must be something you would have of me,” said God.  “Well, there is one thing,” she said.  “Just name it,” said God.  “It’s those blonde jokes. They are so demeaning to blondes everywhere, not just to me. I would like for blonde jokes to stop.”  “Consider it done,” said God. “Blonde jokes shall be stricken from the minds of humans everywhere. But surely there is something that I could do just for you.”  “There is one thing. But it’s really small, and not worth your time,” said the nun.  “Name it. Please,” said God.  “It’s the M&amp;M’s,” said the nun. “They’re so hard to peel.”
A depressed blonde decided that she wanted to commit suicide. She went to the park to find a tree to hang herself on. A few days later, a man was walking his dog and spotted her hanging from the tree. He asks the blonde what she is doing and she replies, "I'm hanging myself."  "You're supposed to put the noose are your neck, not your waist," said the onlooker.  "I tried that," replied the blonde, "but I couldn't breathe..."
What do you call an upside down blonde? A brunette with bad breath.
What did drunk say to the blonde? Nice ass.
How do you confuse a blonde? Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.
A cute blond is taking a college anatomy class The professor gets to the sexual anatomy system. He asks ' would someone like to come up to the blackboard and draw a penis for us?'    The blond jumps up enthusiastically 'I will!' And proceeds to draw a huge boner.    Exasperated, the professor says 'Will you please draw it the other way!'    Confused, the blond replies 'What other way?'
How do you kill a blonde? Put a scratch n' sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool.
Yet another blonde joke.... A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun.   The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead.   She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head.   The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself.  Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''
What did the blonde's left leg say to the right leg? "Between us, I think we can make a lot of money!"
A BLONDE'S BRAIN Q: What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? A: Pregnant.
Why did the hunter scold his blonde wife after she shot a moose over quota? Cause when he asked her why she shot it, she replied:  "I asked it what it was before I shot. But that cow wasn't gonna fool me!"
Blonde Joke An old visually impaired cattle rustler meanders into an all-young lady biker bar by misstep...  He discovers his way to a bar stool and requests an injection of Jack Daniels.  Subsequent to staying there for some time, he shouts to the barkeep, 'Hello, you wanna hear a blonde joke?'  The bar quickly falls completely quiet.  In a profound, imposing voice, the lady by him says, 'Before you tell that joke, Cowboy, I think it is not out of the question, given that you are visually impaired, that you ought to know five things:  The barkeep is a blonde young lady with a polished ash.  The bouncer is a blonde young lady with a 'Billy-Club'.  I'm a 6-foot tall, 175-pound blonde lady with a dark belt in karate.  The lady sitting beside me is blonde and an expert weight lifter.  The woman to your privilege is blonde and an expert wrestler.  'Presently, consider it truly, Cowboy.... Do you still wanna tell that blonde joke?'  The visually impaired cowhand thinks for a brief moment, shakes his head and mumbles, 'No...not in case I'm going to need to clarify it five times.
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead rob a bank ( part 2 ) A blonde, brunette, and a redhead decide to rob a bank. Everything goes as planned, masks on, fake guns in hand, and money in bags.   As they exit the bank they hear sirens, so they dash to a nearby forest and climb Into 3 large trees.   After the cops arrive they suspect that the getaway route was into the nearby forest, so they decide to inspect it.   One of the officers hears a sound coming from one of the three large trees.  He shoots his gun into the one with the redhead hiding it in,  so she does her best impression of a bird " chirp chirp". The officer thinks it's just a bird, so he continues to the next tree.   He shoots into the next tree with the brunette hiding in it, he then hears a " hoot, hoot" sound.  And says to the other officer, " clear! Just an owl " and continues.   He moves on to the third large tree with the blonde hiding in it, as he approaches, the blonde begins to get nervous.  He then shoots into the tree and hears " Mooooooo"     
So a redhead, brunette, and blonde walk into a bar... This bar has a magic mirror that consumes anyone who lies  The redhead comes in and says "I think I'm the most beautiful girl in the world" and she gets sucked in  The brunette comes in and says "I think I'm the most beautiful girl in the world" and she gets sucked in  The blonde comes in and says "I think-" and she gets sucked in
Blonde one died from the Royal family But it's old news really, happened in 1997
How does a blonde capitalise? She turns on her kneecaps.
I asked a blonde why was she spraying vinegar on her face. I do it so I won't be so basic, she replied.
The blonde and the lawyer.    A blonde is sat on a plane waiting for everyone to sit down and to get airborne. A guy in an expensive looking suit sits along side her and introduces himself.  Disinterested, she says hi and turns towards the window.  He asks if she'd like to play a game. She says no.  Just after take off he tries again. Explaining this time that the game is question and answer. He asks a question and if she knows the answer he pays her $5. If not... she pays him.   She snaps back at him that she's not interested. So he tells her he is a lawyer and will make it interesting. If she doesn't know the answer she pays $5. If she asks one he doesn't know though, he will pay $500 to her.   Still not really wanting to she reluctantly accepted and he goes first. "What is the distance in miles from Earth to the moon?"  She doesn't say a word. She just reaches for her purse hand hands him five bucks. Then goes to grab her travel pillow to get some shut eye and escape the lawyer.   He says wait. It's your turn!   She thinks for a moment and says "what goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four?"  He looks confused for a moment and she starts to get comfortable. He says he's going to have to think about it and she goes to sleep.  As soon as she nods off he gets his laptop out and searches all of it for an answer. He connects to the internet and tries everything from I'm feeling lucky on google to Wikipedia and fires emails to his most likely to quiz contacts.  After an hour of finding nothing he wakes her up with a $500 check.  "Thank you" and she tries to get immediately back into her comfortable spot when he asks, "Wait! What does go up a hill with three legs but comes down with four?" Without a word she reaches for her purse and hands him $5.   And you thought blondes were all dumb?
A blonde wanted to go ice fishing, So after getting all of the right tools, she headed toward the nearest frozen lake.  After getting comfy on her stool she started to cut a circular hole in the ice. Then from the heavens a voice boomed, ''THERE ARE NO FISH UNDER THE ICE.''  Startled, the blonde moved further down the ice, poured a thermos of hot chocolate and started to cut yet another hole in the ice. The voice boomed, ''THERE ARE NO FISH UNDER THE ICE.''  This time quite scared, the blonde moved to the far end of the ice. Then she started another hole and once again the voice said, ''THERE ARE NO FISH UNDER THE ICE.''  The very scared blonde raised her head and said, ''Is that you, Lord?'' The voice answered, ''NO. IT IS THE MANAGER OF THE ICE RINK.'
A blonde was watching the news and saw that two Brazilian skydivers died in a horrific accident. She responds with, "two Brazilian? Is that more than a billion?".
What do a call a blonde that dyes her hair brown? Artificial Intelligence.
A blonde hears a guy telling blond jokes... She says "i'm blond, and that's very insulting." Guy says, "alright, I'll repeat it slowly."
So a blonde gets on a plane bound for NYC... And sits down in the first class section. The guy whose seat she had taken, he goes up and tells the flight attendant there's someone in his seat. So the flight attendant goes over and says  "Miss, I'm going to have to ask you to go to your proper seat"  The blonde replies, "I'm blonde, I'm beautiful and I'm headed to New York City."  Confused and slightly taken aback, the flight attendant responds "Miss, you *need* to vacate this seat."  Once again, the blonde says, "I'm blonde, I'm beautiful, and I'm headed to New York City!"  Just as the flight attendant is about to say something again, the blonde interjects, "I'm blonde. I'm beautiful. And I'm headed to New York City."  So the flight attendant speed walks to the cockpit and says, "Captain, I need help. This blonde lady sitting in the front row has taken this gentleman's seat, and she refuses to leave!"  Calmly, the captain stands and says, "Don't worry. I can handle this. My wife's a blonde too."  He walks over to the blonde and quickly whispers into her ear. She gets her luggage, and sprints to the back of the plane.  Shocked and amazed, the flight attendant and gentleman ask, "What did you even say!"  With a grin the captain replies,  "I told her that this part of the plane doesn't go to New York City."
My blonde girlfriend asked, "what's your favourite position"? I replied CEO.  And, she said I'd love to try that.
A blonde is driving along the road one day and she passes an open field. As she is driving by she sees another blonde out in the middle of the field in a row boat rowing frantically even though she is not in any water and is not making any progress.  Furious at what she sees the blonde pulls over her car on the side of the road and gets out of the car.  After observing the blonde rowing frantically and getting nowhere, she can't contain her rage any longer.  "HEY!!" the blond screams at the other blonde in the rowboat. "IT'S STUPID BLONDES LIKE YOU THAT MAKE US SMART BLONDES LOOK BAD AND IF I COULD SWIM I WOULD COME OUT THERE AND KICK YOUR ASS!!"
How do you kill a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff sticker on the bottom of a pool.
The blonde convention All of the blondes in the world decided that they were tired of always being stereotyped as stupid. They wanted to prove to the world that they were just as smart as anyone else. In order to do this, they decided to hold a huge convention and televise it in order to prove their intelligence. As part of the convention they had Steve Harvey ask some trivia questions. The first blonde got up on stage, and the category of math came up.  Steve Harvey asked the first blonde "What is 28 divided by 4?" She thought long and hard before replying "8." All of the blondes were upset and began shouting "Give her another try, give her another try!" Steve decided to give her another try because division is pretty tricky. He asked "What is 6 times 7?" The blonde, after much consideration, answered "48." All of the blondes shouted "Give her another try, give her another try!" Well, multiplication isn't the easiest type of math, so Steve decided he might as well let her go again. This time he asked "What is 9 minus 5?"  The blonde replied "2." All of the blondes were in an uproar now. They wanted desperately to be able to prove themselves to the world. "Give her another try, give her another try!" they shouted. Steve decided to give the blonde a question that she could not possibly mess up. "What is 2 plus 2?" he asked. "4," she replied. At this, all of the blondes began crying and rose to their feet.  "Give her another try, give her another try!"
How does a blonde turn on the light after making love? Opens the car door.
What's the worst thing about blonde people? They're running for president.
A blonde took her son to a doctor.. A blonde took her son to a doctor: Doctor, I think my son swallowed a key! I'm so worried  Doctor: Calm down and tell me when did this happen?  Blonde: About a week ago.  Doctor: Why the hell didn't you bring him to me earlier?  Blonde: We had a spare but now that's also lost   
Did you hear about the blonde that won the gold medal in the Olympics? She was so proud she had it bronzed.
How do you the difference between a blond man and a blond woman? The blond woman will have a higher sperm count.
What's the difference between a mosquito and a blonde? A mosquito stops sucking when you smack it.
A blonde wants to prove to people that she’s not just a dumb blonde. So she asks her friend, "How could I show people I'm smart?"   Her friend says, "Well- you could start by learning all the provinces and their capitals."   The blonde spends the whole week learning them. It’s hard, but she knows it will be worth it when people see how smart she is.  The next week she’s at a party and a man asks a question. Full of confidence, the blonde says, "I know the answer!"   The man is sceptical, but she says, "I'll have you know I'm not just a dumb blonde, I know all the provinces and their capitals."   He says, "Okay, what’s the capital of Saskatchewan?"   She grins and says, "Easy. S!" 
What is a blonde's favorite vegetable? Salad
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are all in the 9th Grade. Which one is the sexiest? The blonde, because she's the only one who's 18.
Why did the blonde climb over the glass fence? To see what was on the other side.
Blonde Joke A blonde is out walking by the river when she spots her friend (also blonde) on the other side of the river. "What you doing over there?" She shouts.  "I'm not over there, you are!" Her friend replies..  
Q: What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant.
What did the blonde do to try to avoid pregnancy? She popped a hole in the condom so the sperm could swim away...
Blond in Wheat Two blondes drive through the middle of Kansas, surrounded entirely by wheat fields.  One blonde riding shotgun says, "Look over there!" They see another blonde in scuba gear who is acting like she's swimming through the wheat.  The blonde driving says, "It's girls like that who give us blondes a bad name."  The other blonde says, "Yeah! And if I knew how to swim, I'd go out there and tell her off."  
Shortest Joke, imagine two blonde Imagine two blondes playing chess :D :P and thinking out loud... "bitch that's my Queen!"
A Blonde wants to learn how to fly a plane... A Blonde woman wants to learn how to fly a plane, so she goes to the flight school and asks one of the instructors to help her.  He looks at her and says " All of our planes are taken right now, but we do have this helicopter you could learn to fly. "   The blonde accepts and they go off to the helicopter.  The instructor teaches her about all the buttons and knobs, all the levers and pedals, and she's ready to fly.   The instructor tells the woman that she is to fly to 5 thousand feet up then and come back down to the ground, and lets her know he will be checking on her every 1000 feet to see how she's doing.   She lifts off and before long she's at 1000 feet; " How's it going?" The instructor radios in. "Fine" she says.  2000 feet came quickly afterwards; "Status ?" asks the instructor. "Everything is A-ok!" says the woman.   3000 feet went by well from what he could see, and right at 4000 feet the helicopter falls out of the sky!  The helicopter crashes into the ground and miraculously the woman survives the crash.   "WHAT HAPPENED?!" yells the instructor.  The Blonde says, "Well, at 1 thousand and 2 thousand feet everything was going great!.   Then came 3 thousand feet and I started feeling a little uncomfortable, and once I got to 4000 feet it got *really* cold, so I turned off the big Fan!" 
What do you call a blonde in the freezer? Her parents named her Cindy so we should probably continue to call her that. She was supposed to graduate tomorrow.
A smart scientist amd a blonde girl sit down on a plane.  A very smart man boards a plane and sits down. A blond girl sits next to him.  He is bored so he says to her  "Let's play a game, I give you a riddle if you cannot find the answer you pay me 5 dollars. If you answer it though you give me a riddle and I don't answer it I'll give you 300$"  She says "OK, I'll go first."  "What goes up a hill on 1 leg and goes down on 2?"  He thinks about it for a while but after about 10 minutes can't find a answer so he Google's it.  Nothing.  He calls scientists and several well educated people. They have no clue.  He, a man of his word gives the 300 dollars to her.   He asks for the answer she shrugs and hands him 5$
A blonde gets stuck in a snowstorm and remembers the advice her father once gave her: *if you're driving in a snowstorm, follow a snowplow so you won't get stuck in the snow.* So she found one, and did.  After about thirty minutes the snowplow stops and the driver gets out, walks back to the blonde's car, and asks, "Excuse me ma'am, but are you following me?"  The blonde explains the situation. The driver replies, "Well that's not the worse advice ever, but I'm done with this parking lot now."
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette die and go to heaven... There they are greeted by St. Peter who looks at them grimly.  "Unfortunately, heaven is quite full at the moment so you must all undergo a test to prove your worth. Before you all is the stairway to heaven totalling one thousand steps. On each step I will tell you a joke, they will get progressively funnier as you go higher with the funniest joke you've ever heard on the thousandth step. Should you laugh at any moment, you will instantly be sent to hell. Do you understand?"  The three girls nodded.   "Then let us begin," St. Peter said.  They each got on the first step and St. Peter proceeds to tell them the worst joke you've ever heard in the world. As expected, none of them laugh and they proceed to the next step.  At the 365th step, the redhead bursts into laughter and is instantly sent to hell. The blonde and the brunette soldier onward. Once they get to the 800th step, the brunette doubles over in laughter and is instantly sent to hell.  St. Peter continues with the jokes, trying his hardest to get the blonde to laugh but to no avail. When they arrive at the 1000th step, before he could even open his mouth, the blonde shrieks hysterically dying from laughter. She is instantly sent to hell.  Puzzled, St. Peter descends down to hell to find the blonde. When he sees her he asks, "My child, you were doing so well. How come you started laughing? I have not even begun to tell the joke."  The blonde, still laughing, replies, "I finally got the first joke!!"
A blonde walks into a restaurant... A blonde walks into a restaurant and notices there's a "peel and win" sticker on her coffee cup. So she peels it off and starts screaming, "I've won a motorhome! I've won a motorhome!" The waitress says, "That's impossible. The biggest prize is free lunch." But the blonde keeps on screaming, "I've won a motorhome! I've won a motorhome!" Finally, the manager comes over and says, "Ma'am, I'm sorry, but you're mistaken. You couldn't have possibly won a motorhome because we didn't have that as a prize!" The blonde says, "No, it's not a mistake I've won a motorhome!" And she hands the ticket to the manager and he reads: "W I N A B A G E L"
A blonde and a redhead are planning a heist After the redhead tells the blonde the plan, they go off to the bank.  The redhead stands watch while the blonde goes in for the cash.  After a while, the blonde comes out of the bank, with a safe tied to a rope she was pulling, followed by a security guard with his pants down.  The redhead, seeing what went wrong, screams out,"NO! I told you to blow the SAFE and tie up the GUARD!!"
What did the blonde say after looking at the YMCA sign? "Hey look they spelt Macy's wrong!'
A Blond walks into a gas station A Blond walks into a gas station and asks the employee: "I locked my keys in the car. Do you have a coat hanger or something I can stick through the window to unlock the door?" Ten minutes later a trucker comes in and can't stop laughing. So the employee asks him why he is laughing. The trucker says: "There is a Blond who tries to open her car with a coat hanger!" The employee: "So what? This could happen to anyone." Trucker: "Sure, but usually there isn't another Blond in the car who yells: a little more right / a little more left! "
What did the blonde name her pet Zebra? Spot
A blonde says to another: Guess what? I solved a puzzle this morning. The other girl says: so what? What's the big deal? "Well, I solved it in half an hour when the instructions manual clearly stated '3-5 years". 
Three blond women are stuck on an island ... ...within sight of mainland but too far to swim. They stumble onto a magic lamp and a genie pops out and offers them each one wish.  The first blonde wishes she were twice as smart so she could get off the island. The genie turns her into a redhead and she finds a large piece of driftwood that gives just enough buoyancy that she manages to swim to shore.  The second blonde thinks that looks like too much energy so she wishes she were five times as smart so she could get off the island. She's turned into a brunette and starts building a raft. It takes a long time but when it's finished she floats across with little effort.  It's late now and the third blonde would like to get home both quickly and easily. She wishes she were ten times as smart, turns into a man, and walks across the bridge. 
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back
A blonde teenager, wanting to earn some extra money for the summer, decided to hire herself out as a "handy-woman"   She started  canvassing a nearby well-to-do neighborhood. She went to the front door of the  first house, and asked the owner if he had any odd jobs for her to  do.  "Well, I guess I  could use somebody to paint my porch," he said, "How much will you charge  me?"  Delighted, the  girl quickly responded, "How about $50?"  The man agreed and told her that the paint brushes and everything she would need was in the garage.  The man's wife, hearing the conversation said to her husband, "Does she realize that our porch  goes ALL the way around the house?"  He responded, "That's a bit cynical, isn't it?"  The wife replied, "You're right. I guess I'm starting to believe all those dumb blonde jokes we've been getting by email lately."  Later that day, the blonde teenager came to the door to collect her money. "You're finished  already?" the startled husband asked.  "Yes, she replied, and I even had paint left over, so I gave it two coats."   Impressed, the man reached into his pocket for the $50.00 and handed it to her along with a $10.00 tip.  “And, by the way," the teenager added, "it's not a Porch, it's a Lexus."
What does a blonde think Ecuador is? How you get into an Ecua
(Long) A blonde girl was asked to climb a Mango tree. (nsfw) So a guy was walking down the street and he sees a cute blonde girl wearing a short skirt. So he goes up to her and says, "Hey there I was wondering if you could climb that mango tree and grab that mango there for $5." "Sure why not!" she replied. After getting the mango the guy thanks her and goes on his way. Her mother saw what happened and said "don't do that next time because all he wanted was to see your panties."  "I know that's why I took them off before I climbed!" She replied.
A blonde can not sleep because she is suspicious of her husband... So, she goes over every room in the house to check if everything is OK. She opens the first door and whispers "this is my daughter" and closes the door, opens the next door and says "this is my son" and goes to the next room. While opening the door she sees a naked blonde woman in bed with her husband. She whispers "well, this is my husband and this is me". "Thanks God, everything seems OK, now I can sleep well".
A blonde and brunette were in a local Walmart A blonde and brunette were in a local Walmart when they decided to get in on the weekly charity raffle. They bought five tickets each at a dollar a pop. The following week, when the raffle was drawn, each had won a prize. The brunette won 1st place, a year's supply of gourmet spaghetti sauce and extra-long spaghetti. The blonde won 6th prize, a toilet brush. About a week or so had passed when the women met back at Wal-Mart. The blonde asked the brunette how she liked her prize, to which the brunette replied, "Great, I love spaghetti!"  "How about you? How's the toilet brush?" "Not so good," replied the blonde. "I think I'm gonna go back to paper." 
A Brunette and a Blonde are robbing the local town bank... The brunette, as the getaway driver, grows increasingly nervous as the minutes pass by and eventually sees the blonde struggling to get out of the building. As the blonde gets through the doorway the brunette finds her pulling a rope she tied around a small safe. The blonde manages to get the safe to the car just as the security guard bursts through front doors with his pants around his ankles. The brunette takes off shouting at the blonde,  "Dammit! Dammit! I told you a thousand times! *Tie up the guard* then *blow the safe*!
A blonde sits down in the first class seat on her plane. The flight attendant comes over and says "Ma'am, may I please see your ticket"  The blonde women hands her the ticket.  The flight attendant says "I'm sorry ma'am your in coach back there not first class"  The blonde says "I'm blonde, I'm beautiful and I'm going to Miami"  The Flight attendant gets the Captain and the Captain says "I'm sorry ma'am but your gonna have to go to coach"  The blonde says "I'm blonde, I'm beautiful and I'm going to Miami"  After arguing for a few minutes the blonde women takes her bags and goes to coach.  The flight attendant asked the Captain "How did you get her to leave?"  The captain replies "I told her first class doesn't land in miami."
Why was the blonde crawling on the ground in the shop? She was trying to find the lowest prices
A blonde, a redhead and a brunette are stranded on an island... Suddenly, the brunette spots land not far from the island.   She tells the other two: "I'll swim there and come back with help"   But as she is swimming, she gets tired a quarter of the way there and swims back.  The redhead says: "Don't worry, I'm confident in my ability to swim there and come back with help"  But she gets tired a third of the way there and swims back.  The blonde says: "You guys are weak. I'm sure I can get there and come back"  But she gets tired halfway there, turns around and swims back!
"wanna hear a blonde joke?" A blind guy on a bar stool shouts to the bartender, "Wanna hear a blonde joke?" In a hushed voice, the guy next to him says, “Before you tell that joke, you should know something. Our bartender is blonde, the bouncer is blonde. I’m 1.83m tall, 80kg black belt. The guy sitting next to me is 1.88m, weighs 100kg, and he’s a rugby player. The fella to your right is 1.97m, pushing 140kg, and he’s a wrestler. Each one of us is blonde. Think about it, Mister. Do you still wanna tell that joke?" The blind guy says, “Nah, not if I’m gonna have to explain it five times."
A blonde and a lawyer are seated next to each other on a flight from LA to NY. The lawyer asks if she would like to play a fun game. The blonde, tired, just wants to take a nap. Politely she declines and rolls over to the window to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists and explains that the game is easy and a lot of fun.  He explains, "I ask you a question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me $5.00, and vise versa."  Again, she declines and tries to get some sleep. The lawyer, now agitated, says, "Okay, if you don't know the answer you pay me $5.00, and if I don't know the answer, I will pay you $500.00." This catches the blonde's attention and, figuring there will be no end to this torment unless she plays, agrees to the game.  The lawyer asks the first question. "What's the distance from the earth to the moon?" The blonde doesn't say a word, reaches into her purse, pulls out a $5.00 bill and hands it to the lawyer.  "Okay," says the lawyer," your turn." She asks the lawyer, "What goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four legs?" The lawyer, puzzled, takes out his laptop computer and searches all his references. No answer. Frustrated, he sends e-mails to all his friends and coworkers, to no avail. After an hour, he wakes the blonde and hands her $500.00.  The blonde says, "Thank you," puts her head on the pillow and goes back to sleep.  The lawyer, who is more than a little miffed, wakes the blonde and asks, "Well, what's the answer?" Without a word, the blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5.00, and goes back to sleep.
What did the blonde say when she stepped on a piece of gum? Right in the heels!
Three women- a blond, a brunette, and a red head, are all about to be executed by ISIS The red head was up first. Right before she was going to be executed she yelled, “TORNADO!” All of the ISIS members took cover and she escaped. The brunette was the next in line. She followed in the red-head’s footprints and this time screamed “SANDSTORM!” The gullible ISIS members again ducked for cover while she escaped. The blonde thought to herself, “This is going to be easy. These people are idiots.” The blonde stood with a smug look on the shooting block while the ISIS leader roared, “Ready…Aim….” The blonde yelled, “FIRE!”
How do you make a blonde's brain resemble a pea? You inflate it and paint it green.
The blonde and ventriloquist A blond woman goes into a pub, where a ventriloquist sits at the scene with a puppet who tells the one blonde joke after the other. After a while the blonde gets angry and goes up to the ventriloquist and says: "shut up about all the blonde jokes, we are not that stupid". The ventriloquist then replies: "Sorry, but these are just jokes, you are not supposed to take them seriously". "I was not talking to you, I was talking to that little bastard on your lap". 
A blonde walks into a bank A blonde walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the loan officer. She says she's going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5,000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so the blonde hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce. The car is parked on the street in front of the bank; she has the title, and everything checks out. The bank agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. The bank's president and its officers all enjoy a good laugh at the blonde for using a $250,000 Rolls as collateral against a $5,000 loan. An employee of the bank then drives the Rolls into the bank's underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, the blonde returns and repays the $5,000 and the interest, which comes to $15.41. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very nicely; but we are a little puzzled. We checked you out and found out that you are a multimillionaire. What puzzles us is - why would you bother to borrow $5,000?" The blond replies....."Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
A Blonde's Brain Q: What do you call a blonde with two brain cells?  A: Pregnant.  
Why are blonde jokes so short? So men can remember them.
What do you call a smart blonde? A Golden Retriever.
A blond woman goes to an electronics shop She asks the sales assistant "how much does that TV cost?"   Sales assistant : "sorry mam, we don't sell TV's to blonde woman."  Next day, the woman colors her hair black and into the same shop   She asks the sales assistant "how much does that TV cost?"   Sales assistant : "sorry mam, we don't sell TV's to blonde woman."  On the third day, she colors her hair red and again goes to same shop  She asks the sales assistant "how much does that TV cost?"   Sales assistant : "sorry mam, we don't sell TV's to blonde woman."  Woman :" how do you know everytime that I'm blonde ? "  Sales assistant :" because that's no a TV, it is an oven ".  Edit: sorry for typo in title. English NFL. 
A blonde was on vacation in Louisiana with her boyfriend She wanted to take home a pair of genuine alligator shoes, but didn't want to pay a fortune for them. So she headed out to the swamp, determined to catch herself an alligator. Her boyfriend stayed at the hotel. Later that day, she stood waist deep in the murky bayou water, shotgun in hand. She heard the unmistakable purr of a full-grown gator, spotted it drifting by and shot it dead! She pulled it out of the water and examined it. "Nope... no good!" she said and headed back for more. She did this all day, killing upwards of a dozen gators before heading back to the hotel in defeat. As she flopped down on the bed, her boyfriend asked: "Did you catch any gators?" "Yeah," replied the disappointed and exhausted blonde, "but they were all barefoot!"
My blonde girlfriend and her Windows My girlfriend who happens to be blonde has still not upgraded her PC to Windows 10 but still continues to use version 7.  When I ask her why, she just changes the subject.  Finally I convince her to do the update, and then she calls me quite upset and says, "Honey, where the hell is the 'any' key?!"
Why did the blonde call an exterminator? Her computer had a bug...
A blonde walks into a bank A blonde walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the loan officer. She says she's going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5,000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so the blonde hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce. The car is parked on the street in front of the bank; she has the title, and everything checks out. The bank agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. The bank's president and its officers all enjoy a good laugh at the blonde for using a $250,000 Rolls as collateral against a $5,000 loan. An employee of the bank then drives the Rolls into the bank's underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, the blonde returns and repays the $5,000 and the interest, which comes to $15.41. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very nicely; but we are a little puzzled. We checked you out and found that you are a multimillionaire. What puzzles us is - why would you bother to borrow $5,000?" The blond replies....."Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
Blonde A blonde goes to a restaurant, buys a coffee and sits down to drink it. She looks on the side of her cup and she finds a peel-off prize. She pull off the tab and yells, "I WON! I WON! I WON a motor home; I WON a motor home!"  The waitress runs over and says, "That's impossible. The biggest prize given away was a mini van!"  The blonde replies, "No. I WON A motor home, I WON a motor home!"  By this time the manager makes his way over to the table and says, "You couldn't possibly have won a motor home because we didn't have that as a prize!" Again the blonde says, "No, no mistake, I WON a motor home, I WON a motor home!" The blonde hands the prize ticket to the manager and he reads, "WIN A BAGEL."  
A blonde walks into a salon with headphones over her ears... ... the hairstylist she goes to is baffled by the headphones, and when he tries to take them off, the blonde swats his hand and says, "No!  Don't take them off!"  So the stylist cuts around them.  The blonde becomes a regular to the salon, always wearing the headphones.  One day, the stylist becomes so angry with the woman, and take off the headphones.  When he does, the blonde falls to floor and is unconscious.  The stylist freaks out and immediately checks on the blonde.  She isn't breathing.  He sits for a second and wonders, "What the hell was she listening to?", so he puts the headphones over his ears and hears "Breathe in, breathe out... breathe in, breathe out..."
A blonde goes on a hot date A blonde goes on a hot date and ends up making out with the guy in his car. The guy asks if she would like to go in the backseat.  "No!" yells the blonde.  Things get even hotter, and the guy asks again.  "For the last time, no!" says the blonde. Frustrated, the guy asks, "Well, why the hell not?"  The blonde says, "Because I wanna stay up here with you!"
My brother is a blonde He found out my password and all I needed to do was change 0 digits and he couldn't guess it
Blonde on a plane A blonde was on a plane, traveling for business. During the flight the captain came over the PA and said, "Attention passengers, don't be alarmed, but we have lost power to one of our engines. No need to panic, we will just be delayed by a half an hour."  A while later the captain came made another announcement, "Attention, passengers, we have lost power to a second engine. No need to be alarmed we have two more engines to take us the rest of the way. We will just be delayed another hour and a half."  A while after that the captain made a third announcement, "Attention, passengers, we have lost power to our third engine. No need to be alarmed we have one engine working at full capacity to take us the rest of the way. We will just be delayed another couple hours."  After hearing these announcements the blonde turned to the person next to her and said, "Dang, if the last engine loses power, we'll be stuck up here all day!"
Why did the blonde go to the drive-in theatre in September? She wanted to see "Closed for the Winter"
Blonde Jokes I could have been a karma whore and posted these one by one but here is a very long list of good blonde jokes. ------------------------------------------------------------------------- A blonde enters a store that sells curtains. She tells the salesman, "I would like to buy a pair of pink curtains."     The salesman assures her that they have a large selection of pink curtains. He shows her several patterns, but the blonde seems to have a hard time choosing.     Finally she selects a lovely pink floral print. The salesman then asks what size curtains she needs.     The blonde promptly replies, "Fifteen inches."     "Fifteen inches?" asked the salesman. "That sounds very small - what room are they for?"     The blonde tells him that they aren't for a room, but they are for her computer monitor.     The surprised salesman replies, "But miss, computers do not need curtains!"     The blond says, "Hellllooooooooo! I've got Windoooooows!"  --------  Jack, a handsome man, walked into a sports bar around 9:58 pm.  He sat down next to this blonde at the bar and stared up at the TV... The 10:00 news was on. The news crew was covering a story of a man on a ledge of a large building preparing to jump.  The blonde looked at Jack and said,  "Do you think he'll jump?" Jack says, "You know what, I bet he will."  The blonde replied, "Well, I bet he won't."  Jack placed $30 on the bar and said, "You're on!"    Just as the blonde placed her money on the bar, the guy did a swan dive off of the building, falling to his death.  The blonde was very upset and handed her $30 to Jack, saying, "Fair's fair... Here's your money."  Jack replied, "I can't take your money, I saw this earlier on the 5 o'clock news and knew he would jump.    "The blonde replies, "I did too;  but I didn't think he'd do it again."  Jack took the money...  ---------  A blonde lady motorist was about two hours from San Diego when she was flagged down by a man whose truck had broken down.   The man walked up to the car and asked, "Are you going to San Diego?"  "Sure," answered the blonde, "do you need a lift?"  "Not for me. I'll be spending the next three hours fixing my truck. My problem is I've got two chimpanzees in the back which have to be taken to the San Diego Zoo. They're a bit stressed already so I don't want to keep them on the road all day. Could you possibly take them to the zoo for me? I'll give you $100 for your trouble."   "I'd be happy to," said the blonde. So the two chimpanzees were ushered into the back seat of the blonde's car and carefully strapped into their seat belts. Off they went.   Five hours later, the truck driver was driving through the heart of San Diego when suddenly he was horrified!! There was the blonde walking down the street and holding hands with the two chimps, much to the amusement of a big crowd.   With a screech of brakes he pulled off the road and ran over to the blonde.  What in the world are you doing here?" he demanded. "I gave you $100 to take these chimpanzees to the zoo."   "Yes, I know you did," said the blonde," but we had money left over -- so now we're going to Sea World."  ---------  Two blondes living in Oklahoma were sitting on a bench talking, and one blonde says to the other, 'Which do you think is farther away... Florida or the moon?'  The other blonde turns and says 'Helloooooooo, can you see Florida ???  ------  A blonde pushes her BMW into a gas station. She tells the mechanic it died. After he works on it for a few minutes, it is idling smoothly. She says, 'What's the story?'  He replies, 'Just crap in the carburetor'  She asks, 'How often do I have to do that?'  ------  A police officer stops a blonde for speeding and asks her very nicely if he could see her license.  She replied in a huff, 'I wish you guys would get your act together. Just yesterday you take away my license and then today you expect me to show it to you!'  ------  There's this blonde out for a walk. She comes to a river and sees another blonde on the opposite bank. 'Yoo-hoo!' she shouts, 'How can I get to the other side?'  The second blonde looks up the river then down the river and shouts back, 'You ARE on the other side.'  ------  A gorgeous young redhead goes into the doctor's office and said that her body hurt wherever she touched it. 'Impossible!' says the doctor. 'Show me.'  The redhead took her finger, pushed on her left shoulder and screamed, then she pushed her elbow and screamed even more. She pushed her knee and screamed; likewise she pushed her ankle and screamed. Everywhere she touched made her scream.  The doctor said, 'You're not really a redhead, are you?  'Well, no' she said, 'I'm actually a blonde.'  'I thought so,' the doctor said. 'Your finger is broken.'  ------  A highway patrolman pulled alongside a speeding car on the freeway. Glancing at the car, he was astounded to see that the blonde behind the wheel was knitting!  Realizing that she was oblivious to his flashing lights and siren, the trooper cranked down his window, turned on his bullhorn and yelled, 'PULL OVER!'  'NO!' the blonde yelled back, 'IT'S A SCARF!'  ------  A Russian, an American, and a Blonde were talking one day.  The Russian said, 'We were the first in space!'  The American said, 'We were the first on the moon!'  The Blonde said, 'So what? We're going to be the first on the sun!'  The Russian and the American looked at each other and shook their heads. 'You can't land on the sun, you idiot! You'll burn up!' said the Russian.  To which the Blonde replied, 'We're not stupid, you know. We're going at night!'  ------  A blonde was playing Trivial Pursuit one night. It was her turn. She rolled the dice and she landed on Science &amp; Nature. Her question was, 'If you are in a vacuum and someone calls your name, can you hear it?'  She thought for a time and then asked, 'Is it on or off?'  ------  A girl was visiting her blonde friend, who had acquired two new dogs, and asked her what their names were.  The blonde responded by saying that one was named Rolex and one was named Timex.  Her friend said, 'Whoever heard of someone naming dogs like that?'  'HELLLOOOOOOO......,' answered the blonde. 'They're watch dogs!' 
A blonde goes to a dairy farm. She asks for enough milk to fill a bathtub.  The farmer says, "Do you think you should get the milk from a grocery store, so it will be pasteurized?"  The blonde says, "No.  I only want it up to my tits."
A blonde, brunette, and red head were on top of a magic mountain A blonde, brunette, and red head were on top of a magic mountain. The myth of the mountain was that if you jumped off of it and yelled out what you wanted to be, you would instantly turn into it.  The brunette jumped off and said she wanted to be an Eagle, so she turned into an Eagle and flew away.  Next, the redhead jumped off and said she wanted to be a cat. So, she landed on all fours and walked away.  Then the blonde got a running start, tripped over a rock, and yelled... "CRAP! 
Blonde wins a lottery. Maria won a lottery worth 5 million.  Stevo thought he would break it down slowly to not overwhelm her.  Called her:  Stevo: Hello mam, I am from xyz lottery you purchased a ticket number 123456. If you were to win 1 million what would you do?  Maria: I would strip naked for you.  Stevo a little taken a back harbouring a stiffy a nerd that he was.  Stevo: Well, what if you were to win 2.5 million?  Maria: I would let you fuck me as many times you want.  Stevo really getting into it now.  What if you won 5 million?  Maria: I would even let have anal with me, and would give half the money to you.  Well that's how Stevo ended up in E.R. scheduled for heart surgery. With stains all over his pants.
Blonde Confusion Q: How do you confuse a blonde? A: Tell her a blonde joke.
Why was the blonde afraid of a blow job? He was afraid of getting his head blown off... 
Twelve blonde guys were about to rape a German girl She cried out, "Nein! Nein". So three of them left.
A blond is driving down the road... A blonde is driving down the road when she notices a brunette skipping along in the middle of her lane. She pulls over, gets out of her car, and as she walks up to the brunette she hears, "31, 31, 31, 31..." So the blonde asks, "What the heck are you doing?"  "I'm having the most fun I've ever had in my life!"  "Just by skipping down the road and saying '31'?"  "Yep! Wanna try?" Says the brunette.  "...Sure!" The blonde replied.  So the blonde begins to skip down the road, saying, "31, 31, 31...". As she comes to the cusp of a hill, a semi driver violently runs her over and drives away.   The brunette sees this and begins skipping again muttering, "32, 32, 32..."
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette. are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek. The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.' The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.' The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.' The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.
I asked a blonde, "Do you know Algebra?" She replied in a sad tone, "Yeah, it doesn't fit me."
What do you call a smart blonde? A Golden Retriever 
Blonde and the blinker Two blondes were driving down the road. The blonde driving looks at her friend in the passenger seat and asks her to see if her blinker is working. So the blonde looks out the window and says, ''Yes. No. Yes. No.''
A Blond runs into a crowded bar A blond runs into a crowded bar shouting to everybody "26 days! 26 days! Drinks on me!"   The patrons at the bar all cheer for the blond and the bartender pours everybody a drink. A few minutes later the blond again shouts "26 days! 26 days! Drinks on me!". Again, cheering is heard by everybody at the bar and the bartender pours everybody their second free drink.  Once again after a few minutes the blond starts with the shouting "26 days! 26 days! Drinks on me!"   At this point the bartender is beyond curious about what 26 days means, and he's also very concerned that the blond won't be able to afford 3 rounds of drinks for this crowded bar. So he decides he had better ask her what she means before he pours another round for the entire bar.  Bartender - "Ma'am, I'm dying to know. What does 26 days mean? And why are you buying rounds of drinks to celebrate it?"   Blond - "Tonight is a night of wonder and celebration! I finished a puzzle tonight. On the box it said 3 years and up, but I finished it in 26 days!"
A guy took a blonde to a her first football game... She had never watched football before, and so the guy was prepared to explain everything to her, but to his surprise she didn't ask a single question and cheered enthusiastically the whole game. Afterwards, as they were leaving, he asked her how she liked the game. She said it was a blast but she was confused about one thing. He asked her what it was. "well, at the beginning, they flipped a coin, and then for the rest of the game everyone was shouting 'get the quarter back!'. Why were they so upset about 25 cents?"
A young blonde... ...pilot is in her first flying lesson in a 2 seater plane. Her instructor all of a sudden get a heart attack and dies.  "May day! May day! Help me! Help me! My instructor pilot is dead and I don't know how to fly!"   She hears a voice over the radio saying, "This is Air Traffic control. We can hear you loud and clear. I will talk you through this and get you back on the ground safely. I have had a lot of experiences with this kind of problems. Now just take a deep breathe. Everything will be fine! Give me your height and position."  The blonde replies, "I'm 5'7 and in the front seat."  (After a long pause)  "O.K." says the the voice in the radio....."Now repeat after me.....Our Father Who art in heaven...."
Why did the blonde take a ladder into the bar? She heard drinks were on the house.
A naked blonde walks into a bar A naked blonde walks into a bar, carrying a poodle under one arm and a 6 foot salami under the other. The bardtender says: "So, I don't suppose you'd be needing a drink?" The naked lady says ... OOOOOOH SHIT!
What do you call several blonde hair blue-eyed men doing the 100 meter dash? The superior race
A blonde woman was taking helicopter lessons. A blonde woman was taking helicopter lessons. The instructor said:  "I'll radio you every 1,000 feet to see how you're doing."  At 1,000 feet, the instructor radioed her and said she was doing great. At 2,000 feet, he said she was still doing well.   Right before she got to 3,000 feet, the propeller stopped, and she twirled to the ground. The instructor ran to where she crashed and pulled her out of the helicopter. He asked her,   "What went wrong?"   The blonde said: "At 2,500 feet, I started to get cold, so I turned the big fan off."
A blonde walks into a dildo shop and says to the man behind the counter can I have that red one please, man replies you can't have that one it's the fire extinguisher.
Did you hear about the blonde chick who got strangled to death? She couldn't take a choke  Wah wah wahhhhhh
Blonde Battalion What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you? Run, 'cause she's got a grenade in her mouth!
A blonde who finds herself sitting next to a lawyer on an airplane.. A blonde who finds herself sitting next to a lawyer on an airplane. The lawyer just keeps bugging the blonde wanting her to play a game of intelligence. Finally, the lawyer offers her 10 to 1 odds, and says every time the blonde can not answer one of his questions, she owes him $5, but every time he cannot answer hers, he’ll give her $50. The lawyer figures he could not lose, and the blonde reluctantly accepts. The lawyer first asks, “What is the distance between the Earth and the nearest star?”  Without saying a word the blonde hands him $5. The blonde then asks, “What goes up a hill with 3 legs and comes back down the hill with 4 legs?”   Well, the lawyer is puzzled. He takes several hours, looking up everything he can on his laptop and even placing numerous air-to-ground phone calls trying to find the answer. Finally, angry and frustrated, he gives up and pays the blonde $50  The blonde put the $50 into her purse without comment, but the lawyer insists, “What is the answer to your question?”  Without saying a word, the blonde hands him $5.
What does a blonde say after having sex? "Are you all on the same team?"
A blonde says to her husband: "Answer this question truthfully, and with only yes or no"    "Why do you think all blondes are stupid?"
Why did the blonde feminist want to be cremated when she died? She thought a traditional burial would be too bio-degrading.
A blonde was rowing a boat in the middle of a field, no water for at least 50 miles. Another blonde sees her from the road, pulls over, gets out of her car, and screams, "it's blondes like you that make us look stupid! If I could swim, I'd come out there and kick your ass!"
Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble.  In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull so that they can breed their own stock.  The brunette balances their checkbook, then takes their last $600 dollars out west to another ranch where a man has a prize bull for sale. Upon leaving, she tells her sister, *"When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home."*  The brunette arrives at the man’s ranch, inspects the bull, and decides she does want to buy it. The man tells her that he can sell it for $599, no less.  After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news.   She walks into the telegraph office, and says, *"I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pick-up truck and drive out here so we can haul it home."*  The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, *"It’s just 99 cents a word."*  Well, with only $1 left after paying for the bull, the brunette realizes that she’ll only be able to send her sister one word.  After thinking for a few minutes, she nods, and says, *“I want you to send her the word, 'comfortable.'”*  The telegraph operator shakes his head. *"How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pick-up truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her the word, 'comfortable'?"* The brunette explains, *"My sister’s blonde. She’ll read it slow."*
A blonde goes to the library to get a book. A few days later, she comes back and says to librarian at the counter, "This book was very boring. It had too many characters and too many numbers, so I would like to return it." The librarian says to her coworkers, "So here's the person who took our phone book!"
A blonde was recently hired at our office. A blonde was recently hired at our office. Her first task was to go out for coffee. Eager to do well her first day on the job, she grabbed a large thermos and hurried to a nearby coffee shop. She held up the thermos and the coffee shop worker quickly came over to take her order. "Is this big enough to hold six cups of coffee?" the blonde asked. The coffee shop worker looked at the thermos, Hesitated a few seconds, then finally replied, "Yeah. It looks like about six cups to me." "Oh good!" the blonde sighed in relief. "Then give me two regular, two black, and two decaf. 
An officer pulls over a speeding blonde and asks her for her license. She angrily exclaims "Yesterday you took away my license and now you want to see it again?"
A blonde joke... A Blonde calls her boyfriend and says, "Please come over here and help me. I have a killer jigsaw puzzle, and I can't figure out how to get started."  Her boyfriend asks, "What is it supposed to be when it's finished?"  The blonde says, "According to the picture on the box, it's a rooster."  Her boyfriend decides to go over and help with the puzzle. She lets him in and shows him where she has the puzzle spread all over the table. He studies the pieces for a moment, then looks at the box, then turns to her and says,  "First of all, no matter what we do, we're not going to be able to assemble these pieces into anything resembling a rooster."  He then takes her hand and says, "Secondly, I want you to relax. Let's have a nice cup of tea, and then..... he said with a deep sigh" ............  "Let's put all these Corn Flakes back in the box
A blonde woman was speeding down the road in her little red sports car and was pulled over by a female police officer, who was also a blonde. The officer asked to see the lady's driver's license. She dug through her purse and was getting progressively more agitated.  "What does it look like?" she finally asked.  The policewoman replied, "It's square and it has your picture on it."  The driver finally found a mirror in her purse, looked at it and handed it to the policewoman. "Here it is," she said.  The officer looked at the mirror, then handed it back saying, "Okay, you can go. I didn't realize you were a cop.
How do you confuse a blonde? Paint yourself green and throw forks at her. 
Cross the Road... Blind Blonde Q: Why did the blind blonde cross the road?    A: She was following her seeing-eye chicken.
A blonde goes to a bar and orders a beer. The bartender fills the mug and slides it down the bar.  It hits the blonde woman's breasts and splashes all over them.  The bartender goes over, retrieves the mug and licks the beer off her breasts.  Each time the blonde calls for another beer this happens.  So, after the third beer, a guy decides to help the bartender out.  The next time the bartender hit her breasts, the man jumps up and starts to lick. She decks him!  He is lying on the floor moaning, "Jeez, lady... Why do you let the bartender do it and not me?"  "Helloooo!" says the blonde. "Bert has a licker license.
A guy took his blonde girlfriend to her first football game... ... They had great seats right behind their team's bench. After the game, he asked her how she liked the experience. "Oh, I really liked it," she replied, "especially the tight pants and all the big muscles, but I just couldn't understand why they were killing each other over 25 cents." Dumbfounded, her date asked, "What do you mean?" "Well, they flipped a coin, one team got it, and then for the rest of the game, all they kept screaming was, 'Get the quarterback! Get the quarterback!' I'm like, hello? It's only 25 cents!"
How can you tell if a blonde has been at a computer working on a Word document? There's White Out all over the computer monitor.
A redhead tells her blonde friend "I slept with a Brazilian"… The blonde replies, "Oh my god, you slut! How many is a Brazilian?"
A blonde walks into a bar and asks for a double entendre The bartender gives it to her
Blond Joke Have you ***seen*** Donald Trump?
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant
Real definition of Zebra from Blonde's perspective What is a Zebra? A Z-bra is 25 sizes bigger than an A-bra.
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are kidnapped by cannibals and taken to a large castle overlooking a forest The cannibals first turn to the brunette. 'Go into the forest and pick ten of the same fruit or we'll eat you'   The brunette returns with ten apples.   'Now, you must shove each one up your arse without showing any emotion, or we'll eat you' say the cannibals.  The brunette gets halfway through shoving the second one up when she starts to cry from the pain. The cannibals kill and eat her, and she floats up to heaven.  The cannibals turn to the shaken redhead and blonde who have witnessed the whole thing and instruct them to do the same.   The redhead is wise and picks ten blueberries, and arrives back before the blonde. She shoves nine blueberries up her arse with no emotion, but whilst looking into the forest from the window suddenly bursts into laughter before she gets to the tenth. This being a form of emotion, the cannibals kill and eat her, and she floats up to heaven.  Up in heaven, the brunette scolds the redhead. 'You were so close, what the hell happened?!'  'I saw the blonde picking pineapples.'   
A blonde heard that 80% of accidents happen at home. So she moved.
A blonde a brunette and a redhead are talking about their boyfriends. The redhead says, Every morning, my boyfriend goes out and brings me a flower to start the day.  The brunette says, Every morning, my boyfriend goes out and gets coffee to start the day.  The blonde says, Every morning, my boyfriend finds a sad branch.  The other two say, That doesn't sound romantic.  The blonde says, I didn't think so either until he gave me his mourning wood.
Blonde tries to buy a tv So this blonde girl goes to a store and say to the salesman that she wants to buy the tv right behind him , he says that he doesnt sell to blondes  She is pissed off, leaves the store but she wants that tv so bad , so she buys a black wig and go to the store again to try to buy that tv  Again the salesman tells her that he dont sell to blonde girls , so she ask him how he knows that she is a blonde girl  He says " because that's not a tv , that's a microwave "
A blonde, a priest and a duck walk into a bar, the bartender asks "Is this a joke?"
What does a blonde and a shotgun have in common? You break them at the middle and load them from behind
A blonde escapes from prison... There were these three women who escaped from prison. A blonde and two brunets. So to get away from the cops they hid in an abandoned farm house. In the farm house there were three burlap sacks sitting around. So they hid in them. When the cops came to the farm house the one of the cops saw the sacks, the officers yells, "There's just three burlap sacks in here!" To which his partner replies, "Then kick them just to be sure it's not them hiding". The officer goes and kicks the one with the brunet in it and she yells, "MEEEYYOWW!" the officer said "Oh, its just a stupid cat in there." So he kicks the one with the other brunet in it and she yells, "RUUFFF RUFFF!", so the officer says, "Oh, it's just a stupid dog!" Then he kicks the sack with the blonde in it and she yells, "POTATOES!"   
Whats the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it.
A husband and his blonde wife. A husband and his blonde wife are watching the news, when they see a snow storm warning, 6 to 8 inches. The news says to park your car on the even side of the street. She promptly gets up and moves her car.   2 weeks later another storm is moving in, and the news says to park on the odd side of the street. So she again gets up and moves the car.  A few weeks later, they are watching the news and see another storm coming in. As the announcer is about to say where to park the power goes out.   The wife is freaking out and asks her husband what to do. He looks at her and just says,  Well, you could just leave it in the garage!      I'll see myself out......
Why'd the blonde have lipstick all over the steering wheel? Someone told her to blow the horn.    Inb4: Repost. It is from like 2014. I heard it the other day while at work and laughed pretty hard, felt like sharing. Besides, it's near impossible to make an original joke now days. 
A blonde, ginger, and brunette are stranded on an island 100 miles from shore The ginger says fuck it because she has nothing to lose, not even a soul. She swims 10 miles out and turns back because of bad weather.   The next day the brunette says fuck it, and decides to swim to shore. She swims 30 miles out, but turns back because it is getting dark. She gets eaten by sharks after swimming 15 miles back.  The third day the blonde says fuck it, and decides to swim for it. There is a massive storm. Somehow the blonde swims 50 miles out, but swims back because the storm has ended and the sun has come out.  (Heard this joke a few years back, and forgot most of it. That's why its shit.)
A blonde hurried into the emergency room late one night with the tip of her index finger shot off... A blonde hurried into the emergency room late one night with the tip of her index finger shot off. 'How did this happen?' the emergency Room doctor asked her.   'Well, I was trying to commit suicide,' the blonde replied.   'What?' sputtered the doctor. 'You tried to commit suicide by shooting Off your finger?'   'No, Silly' the blonde said. 'First I put the gun to my chest, and then I thought, 'I just paid $6, 000.00 for these implants...  I'm not shooting myself in the chest.'   'So then?' asked the doctor.   'Then I put the gun in my mouth, and I thought, 'I just paid $3,000.00 to get my teeth straightened I'm not shooting myself in the mouth.'   'So then?'   'Then I put the gun to my ear, and I thought: 'This is going to make a loud noise. So I put my finger in my other ear before I pulled the trigger.  
A blond is done with all the blond jokes. A blond is done with all the blond jokes. So she makes a plan....  She sells her house, dyes her hair and packs her stuff in her small car. She heads in a random direction to find a place to start her new life as a brunette. After some time driving she finds herself in a hilly landscape. She is in unknown territory and decides it's time for her first smart act.  She sees some sheep and a herder in a field yonder and decides to crawl up a small hill and count the sheep. Being very careful not to be seen. After counting 3 times she heads down the hill and approaches the herder.  "Herder", she says. "If i guess how many sheep you have, can I have one?". The herder is a bit taken aback. He is not used to being approached in the middle of nowhere by a lovely lady. "Yes, if you guess how many sheep are in my flock. You can have one".  The girl says "261". The herder is shocked! "Wow, that is correct! Pick any one you like".   The girl picks one up and walks back to her car. Very pleased with herself. But just as she is about to close the trunk, the herder asks... "If i guess you real hair color... Can I have my dog back?"  (Not an native English speaker, so there may be typo's)  
Why can't a blonde count to 70? Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.
What's the difference between a blonde and a toothbrush? You don't let your friends use your toothbrush.  
A blonde goes to court A blonde goes to court.   Eventually the judge says: “I hereby declare the case closed. There is not enough evidence that you stole the 10000 US$.”   The blonde is thrilled: “Gosh, so does that mean I can keep the money?” 
A blonde walks into a bank in search of a $5000 loan A blonde walks into a bank in NYC before going on vacation and asks for a $5000 loan.   The banker asks "Okay miss, is there anything you would like to use as collateral?"  The woman replies "Yes, of course. I would like to use my Rolls Royce."  The banker, stunned, asks, "A $250,000 Rolls Royce? Really?"  The woman is completely positive. She hands over the keys as the bankers and loan officers laugh at her.   They check her credentials, make sure she is the title owner. Everything checks out so they park the car in their underground garage for two weeks.   When she comes back, she pays off the $5000 loan as well as the $15.41 interest.   The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very appreciative of your business with us, but I have one question. We looked you up and found out that you are a multi-millionaire. Why would you want to borrow $5000?"   The woman replies, "Where else in NYC can I park my car for two weeks for $15.41 and expect it to be there when I get back?"
A redhead tells her blonde stepsister, "I slept with a Brazilian...." The blonde replies, "Oh my God! You slut! How many is a brazilian?"  
A Trucker picks up a Polish Hitch Hiking Blonde chick. She gets in the cab of his truck and away they go.After a few miles the Blonde is looking around the inside of the cab of the truck and sees the Truckers C.B. Radio.She asks"whats that?" The Trucker replies,"Thats my C.B. Radio,I can talk to just about anybody in the world with that there radio."The Blonde is amazed and says "WOW","I would do just about ANYTHING to talk to my mother in Poland right now!" The trucker grabbing his crotch says"ANYTHING".The Blond says "YUP ANYTHING!" the trucker whips out his cock and says one more time "ANYTHING" she nods,looks down, grabbed his cock and goes down,puts his cock to her ear and says "HELLO, MOM?"
A blonde is on vacation and runs out of money... A blonde is on vacation and runs out of money. She wants to write an e-mail to her mother so that her mother can send her some. She goes to an internet café and goes up to the guy at the desk. She says: "I'm sorry, but I'm broke and I really need to contact my mother. Is there any way I could do that for free? I don't even have enough to pay the fee here." The guy at the front desk asks her in his creepiest voice: "Do you really need to contact your mother?" "Yes" she answers. "I really need to contact my mother." "And you would do anything?" "Yes I would do anything to contact my mother." "Really anything?" Exasperated, the blonde answers: "Yes, yes, yes, I would do anything." "Well, then." the guy says "Why don't you just follow me to the back room." So she does. The guy pulls down his pants. The blonde is a bit irritated at first, but thinks that what must be must be. He pulls down his underpants. "Well," He says "Do it!" So the blond gets down on her knees in front of him. She licks her lips. She bends forward and whispers: "Hello, mom? Can you hear me?"
A beautiful blonde walks up to a craps table... She bets ten thousand on one roll of the dice. She says, "I hope you don't mind, but I feel luckier when I'm nude."  She strips down and rolls the dice. When she sees the dice she jumps for joy screaming "I won! I won!" She hugs the dealers, takes her winnings and leaves.  Finally, one of the dealers asks, "What did she roll?" The other says, "I thought you were watching!"  It goes to show: Not all blondes are dumb, but men will always be men.
A blonde freshman visits the doctor She tells the doctor that she feels sick. The doctor gives her an examination, and tells her that she is pregnant. With wide eyes and a slight tremor in her voice, she asks, "Is it mine?"
Blonde and Barn What do a blonde and a barn have in common? They always have a cock in them.
How do you confuse a blonde? Paint yourself green and throw shit at her.
A blonde dies her hair brown... what do you call it? Artificial intelligence 
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette... ...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek. The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.' The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.' The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.' The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.'
All these jokes about being blonde linked with low intelligence... Don't you think the idea sounds a bit hair-brained?
Why did the blonde woman show up at the federal penitentiary and ask to have a conjugal visit with Jeffrey Epstein? She heard that he was well hung.
How do you confuse a blonde? Put her in a room full of shovels and then tell her to take her pick.  AND.... Put her in a round room and tell her to sit in the corner
A blonde was lying in the grass... One afternoon, a college student is walking across the Green and sees a pretty blonde lying in the grass staring up at the clear blue sky.  "Getting a tan?" he asks.  "No! Do you think that just because I'm blonde I'm focussing on my looks? I'm actually a very good student and right now I'm getting a head start on my homework!"  "Oh, I'm sorry. What class is it for?"  "Astronomy!"
What do you call a blonde who dyed their hair brown? Artificial Intelligence
A mexican, asian, and blonde are eating lunch and talking story Mexican: "OMG guys guess what? Last night I went into my daughters room and you know what I found hiding under her pillow? I found empty beer bottle.  I didnt know my daughter drinks! Im so disappointed."  Asian: "Thats nothing!  You know what I found under my daughters pillow last night? An empty pack of cigarettes.  I didnt know my daughter smokes! Im going to disown her."  Blonde: "That sucks man, but mines is the absolute worst! Last night when I went into my daughters room, I looked under her pillow and found a used condom!... I didnt know my daughter had a dick!"
A blonde woman is driving through the desert... ...when she comes across a gas station. She goes inside and looks around. She sees the station attendant behind the counter.  "Excuse me, sir," she says. "It's my mom's birthday today and I'm on my way to visit her. But, I've been delayed and I know I won't make it to her place before tomorrow."  "Oh, I'm very sorry to hear that," the attendant replies.  "My cell phone has no reception out here," the woman says. "Is there any way I could use your phone to call her?  Please, sir. It's very important to me that I wish her on her birthday and I'll do anything for it"  "Anything?"  "Yes, anything."  The attendant steps out from behind the counter, walks up to her and pushes her gently down onto her knees. Then he unzips his pants and pulls out his penis and looks at her.  The blonde gives him a puzzled look  "Well, you did say you would do 'anything' for that phone call. Didn't you?"  "Yes, I did," she mumbles quietly to herself. Then she reaches up, grabs his penis, leans forward and gently puts it against her face.  "Hello! Mom?"
A lawyer and a blonde are on a plane It's a long international flight, so about half way through the lawyer is really bored. Being a smart guy he figures he'll have some fun with the blond lady sitting next to him.   "Let's play a game" he says.  "No, I just want to sleep." She replies, and turns over.  Being persistent, the lawyer continues, "it's a really fun game. I ask you a question and if you can't get it right, you pay me $5 dollars. You ask me a question and I can't get it right, I'll pay you $500."  This catches the blonde's attention, so she agrees to play.  "Alright, I'll go first. What is the distance from the earth to the moon?"   The blonde thinks for a second, sighs a sigh of defeat, reaches into her pocket and hands the lawyer $5.  "Alright, your turn" he says.  "What goes up a hill with 2 legs and comes down with 4?"  The lawyer thinks for a minute. He realizes he has no idea, but isn't going to be stumped by some blonde lady on a plane. He gets out of his seat and makes his way over to a group of lawyers he knows are on the plane. None of them know either. He asks a stewardess, and once again no luck. After exhausting his resources, which takes about an hour, he returns to his seat where he finds the blonde sleeping. He wakes her up and hands her $500. She promptly puts the $500 in her pocket, rolls over and goes back to sleep.  "Hey!" Yells the lawyer. "What goes up a hill with 2 legs and comes down with 4?!"  The blonde rolls over, lets out a sign of defeat and hands the lawyer $5.
A blonde man shouts frantically into the phone... "My wife is pregnant and her contractions are only two minutes apart!"  "Is this her first child?" asks the Doctor.  "No!" he shouts, "this is her husband!"
What do you call it when a blonde dies her hair brunette? Artificial Intelligence
A dumb blonde, a smart blonde and Santa Claus are playing a card game. Who wins? The dumb blonde does. The other two don't exist.
Why can't a blonde count to 70. Because 69 is a mouthful.
Blonde A Blonde walks into a bar, and says "OW"!
[Blonde Joke] Two blondes are walking in the forest and they come across some tracks. They start arguing about what animal they belong to. In the middle of their heated argument they got run over by a train.
A blonde is in need of money.   The blonde decides to go to a rich neighborhood and do tasks for money. She arrives at a house and rings the doorbell. A man comes out and the blonde says, "Are there any jobs I can do?"   The man replies with, "Can you paint my porch for me? I'll pay you $50."   The blonde agrees and gets to work. The man thinks it should take an hour or two due to the fact he has a large porch. After about 20 minutes, the blonde finishes.   Impressed, the man hands her $50. However as she's leaving, she says, "By the way, it's a Ferrari not a Porsche."
A teenage blonde wanted to earn some money... So she decided to hire her self out as a handy man and started canvassing the neighborhood. She went to the door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any odd jobs for her to do.  "Well you can paint my porch," he said. "How much will you charge?"  "How about $50?" She answered.  The man agreed and told her the paint she would need was in the garage.   the man's wife overheard the conversation and said to her husband, "does she realize the porch goes all the way around the house?"   "She should," the man replied.  "She was standing on the porch when we talked,".          A short while later the blonde came to the door to collect her money     "your finished already?" He asked.   "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats!"   Impressed, the man reached in to his pocket fishing for his wallet  "And by the way" the blonde added,   "that's not a porch it's a Ferrari!" 
Why does a blonde put empty bottles in her fridge? For guests that aren't thirsty.
A blonde is watching the news with her husband..... A blonde is watching the news with her husband when the newscaster says, "Six Brazilian men die in a skydiving accident." The blonde starts crying to her husband, sobbing, "That's horrible!" Confused, he replies, "Yes Dear, it is sad, but they were skydiving, and there is always that risk involved." After a few minutes, the blonde, still sobbing, says, "How many is a Brazilian?" 
A Blonde, Brunette, and Redhead all meet at the Stairway to Heaven... An angel at the top says, "I'm going to tell a joke to you all. If you do not laugh, you may advance one stair, but if you DO laugh, you'll fall off into Hell."   The angel tells the 1st joke and the women do not laugh. They all advance. The angel tells the 2nd joke and the Redhead laughs, and she falls off the Stairway.   On the 6th joke, the Brunette laughs and falls of the Stairway.   After all 15 jokes, the Blonde makes it all the way up the stairs. The angel cheers, "Congratulations! You made it into Heaven!"   The Blonde begins to laugh hysterically.  "Why are you laughing?" The angel asks.   The Blonde responds while trying to pull herself together, "I just got the 1st joke...!"
Blonde woman walks into a library Walks up to the front counter, sees the attendant and says  'Hello there, I'll have a burger and a large fries please' The attendant, politely responds  'I'm sorry love, but this is actually a library' Mortified and red faced the blonde lady looks around and whispers back  'I'm so sorry, I'll have a burger and large fries please'
A young blonde woman is distraught because she......... A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''
Blonde Joke Blonde 1: "So yesterday I climbed over a transparent wall."   Blonde 2: "Why?"  Blonde 1: "I wanted to see it's transkids wall."   Blonde 1: "But there were no smaller walls."   Blonde 2: "Bummer."  Blonde 3: "Yeah it should be a transadult wall, I climbed over it because I wanted too see what was on the other side."   Blonde 2: "Wait, if it was transparent why didn't you guys walk just walk through it?" 
I had to stop my blonde sister from eating pickles I got tired of having to pry the damn jar off of her head
Why can't a Blonde make Kool-Aid?? She can't fit the two cups of water into the tiny packet.
A blonde is at her friends house... A blonde is at her friends house, when the doorbell rings. It's a flower delivery man. Her friend says "Great, my boyfriend has sent me flowers. Now he'll expect me to spend the week on my back with my legs spread in the air". The blonde asks, "Have you not got a vase?"
A BLONDE &amp; HER THERMOS A blonde notices that her coworker has a thermos, so she asks him what it's for. He responds, "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold."  The blonde immediately buys one for herself. The next day, she goes to work and proudly displays it.  Her coworker asks, "What do you have in it?"  She replies, "Soup and ice cream."
Last night I dreamt that I shagged the blonde one out of ABBA, and it was horrible. Why couldn't it have been with his wife Agnetha?
What do you do if a blonde throws a pin at you? Run like hell, she's holding a hand grenade.
I was talking to a blonde when my phone got stolen Me: Help! What do I do? Blonde: Call 911!
My blonde girlfriend went missing for a month and just showed up, apparently pregnant and infected with syphilis. And she blames me! All because we were discussing politics and I said "Fuck all those Republicans!"
Why did the blonde stare at the orange juice? It said concentrate.
What do you call a Blonde in the dirt? Her name was Cindy she had a husband and 2 children 
A tall blonde walked past my window, I know she was tall because I was on the second floor.
A blonde woman wants to buy a Tv On a saturdayafternoon a blonde her tv stopped working so, she had to buy a new one ofcourse.  Once in the store she searched for the perfect television. Once she had found one she called an employee and said: *''I'd like to buy this television, please"* The employee answered: *''sorry miss I don't sell my goods to blonde women, please leave my store."* She left angrily but still in need for a television so she went back, but with a black wig on.  Back in the store she went to the tv she wanted and asked the employee again: *''Sir, I would like to buy this television, please could you help me carrying it? ''*  He replied *''miss, I already told you that I won't sell my goods to blonde women. Just leave my shop now, please''*  She ripped off her wig and yelled **HOW THE HELL DID YOU KNOW I'M BLONDE?! MY WIG COVERED IT UP PERFECTLY** The man replies calm to her *''Because the thing you want to buy isn't a tv it's a fucking microwave''*  
The blonde and brunette bank robbers A blonde and brunette are parked outside a bank with ski masks on.  "Remember the plan.  You ready?" the brunette asks.  "Ready as I'll ever be," the blonde eagerly replies.  The blonde rushes into the bank while the brunette keeps the car running.  5 minutes pass, then 10, then 20, then 30..  "What the hell is taking her so long!" the brunette tells herself.  Finally the blonde comes out running and ties a rope end to the car, hops in, and the brunette tails it.  The safe bursts through the door rolling on the street behind the car followed shortly afterwards by a bank guard running in vain behind with his pants halfway down calling after them.  "What the fuck happened in there?!" the brunette demands.  "I promise, I was just following the plan!" the blonde replies.  The brunette facepalms and says, "I thought I made myself clear... You were supposed to blow the *safe* and *tie up* the guard!"
A blonde walks into a restaurant and orders a pizza The man at the counter asks her, "Would you like it sliced up in six pieces or in eight pieces?" She thought for a while and answers, "Make it six. Eight pieces are too much for me to finish."
A dumb blonde a smart blonde and santa clause all jump off of a building at the same time. Who lands first? The dumb blonde the other two dont exist
A little blonde girl comes back from school one evening...  She runs to her mum and says:   "Mummy today at school we learnt how to count. all the other girls only counted to 5, but listen to me: 1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,10! I'm smart aren't I?"   "Yes, darling, very good." Answers the mom.   "Is that because I'm blonde?" she asks.   "Yes, darling, it's because you're blonde." The mom says.   Next day, the little girl comes back from school and says: "Mummy, today at school we learnt the alphabet. All the other girls only went as far as D, but listen to me: A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H,I,J,K! I'm smart aren't I?"   "Yes, darling, very good." Answers the mom.   "Is that because I'm blonde, mummy?" she asks.   "Yes, darling it's because you're blonde." The mom says.   Next Day, she returns from school and cries: "Mummy, today we went swimming. Well, all the other girls have no breasts, but look at me!" She proceeds to flash her impressive 36D at her mummy. "Is that because I'm blonde, mummy?"   "No darling, it's because you're 25."
A blonde and a lawyer are sitting next to each other on a plane. A blonde and a lawyer are sitting next to each other on a plane. The lawyer asks the blonde if she wants to play a game, "All you have to do is ask a question and if i get it wrong or don't know it i give you five dollars, then i ask you a question and if you get it wrong you pay me five dollars."   "No," she says, "I just want to sleep."   He keeps asking and she finally gives in when he says if he gets it wrong he will pay her five hundred dollars, but she still only has to pay five dollars.   "What is the distance from the earth to the moon?" he asks.   She gives him 5 dollars. "What goes up the hill with four legs and comes down with five?" she asks.   He pulls out his laptop and searches it, but finds nothing. Then he emails his friends. After an hour, he still hasn't got an answer, he hands her 500 dollars. Then he asks her, "So what is the answer?"   She hands him 5 dollars.
What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair? Artificial Intelligence.
How can you tell a blonde send you a fax? It has a stamp on it.
the 'winning' blonde A blonde is strolling down the street and spots a soda drink dispensing vending machine... She puts in $1, pushes the button and a soda can pops out.  Impressed by this she puts in another $1, pushes the button and another soda can pops out.  20min later a man walks past and spots the blonde at the soda drink dispensing vending machine and sees around 100 soda cans over flowing the floor.   "what are you doing, don't you think you have an excessive amount of soda cans?" Asks the man to which the blonde replies...   "I know, I know but I've never been on such a winning streak before - this is so awesome!"
A blonde walks up to her blonde mom... and asks,   "Mom, why does everyone think we are stupid?"  Her mum chuckles and says  "Bring me a pot"  A bit confused, the daughter goes and grabs a pot from the kitchen and hands it to her mom. Soon after the mother starts knocking on the pot.  The daughter turns to the door and says,  "Mom! Someone is at the door!"  The mom chuckles and says,  "See, this is why people think Blondes are stupid... now hold this pot so I can go answer the door."  *Edit* Changed gender of daughter back, sorry tumblr.
A blonde calls her husband in the woods. She asks him: "if you had three words to sum up everything, what would they be?"  "Bear with me," he replies nervously. The blonde, annoyed, says, "But I want to know NOW!" Suddenly, roaring is heard and her husband's screams are drowned out by the roaring. A moment passes before the blonde says... "Are you going to tell me now?" 
What does a warm toilet seat and a blonde's pussy have in common? Both feel good while you are there - but you can't help but to wonder who was there before you...
[long] Another blond guy joke... Three best friends worked in construction together on the same crew.  They were working on the 20th floor of a building when they stopped for their lunch break.  They sat on the edge of the building, legs dangling over the edge, enjoying the view as they ate their lunches. Guido opened his lunch box and yelled in frustration, "Pasta! Pasta! Every day it's pasta!  If I get pasta in my lunch tomorrow, I'm gonna jump!" Jose then opened his lunch and exclaimed, "Tortillas!! Tortillas!  Every day it's tortillas!  If I get tortillas in my lunch tomorrow, I'm gonna jump, too!" Then Bob (the blond) opened his lunch and said, "Bologna sandwich! Bologna sandwich!  Every day it's a bologna sandwich!  If I get a bologna sandwich in my lunch tomorrow, I'm jumping, too!" The next day, they sit down on the edge of the building for lunch.  Guido opens his lunch box, sees pasta, and jumps to his death. Jose opens his lunch box and sees tortillas and also jumps to his death. Bob opens his, finds a bologna sandwich, and jumps to his death. Since they were such close friends, their wives decide to have a joint funeral for them. At the funeral, the wives are lamenting their loss.  Guido's wife says, "If only I'd known, I would have packed something other than pasta in his lunch!" And she cries in anguish. Jose's wife says, "If only I'd known, I would have packed something other than tortillas in his lunch!"  And she cries hysterically. Bob's wife just stands there, nodding her head.  The other two wives look at her incredulously at her lack of emotion. "Don't look at me," Bob's wife said.  "He packed his own lunch."
A speeding blonde. One day while on patrol, a police officer pulled over a car for speeding. He went up to the car and asked the driver to roll down her window. The first thing he noticed, besides the nice red sports car, was how hot the driver was! Blue eyes, blonde, the works. "I've pulled you over for speeding, Ma'am. Could I see your drivers license?" "What's a license?" replied the blonde, instantly giving away the fact that she was as dumb as a stump. "It's usually in your wallet," replied the officer. After fumbling for a few minutes, the driver managed to find it. "Now may I see your registration?" asked the cop. "Registration..... what's that....?" asked the blonde. "It's usually in your glove compartment," said the cop impatiently. After some more fumbling, she found the registration. "I'll be back in a minute." said the cop and walked back to his car. The officer called in to the dispatch to run a check on the woman's license and registration. After a few moments, the dispatcher came back, "Ummm... is this woman driving a red sports car?" "Yes." replied the officer "Is she a drop dead gorgeous blonde?" asked the dispatcher. "Uh... yes." replied the cop. "Here's what you do," said the dispatcher. "give her the stuff back, and drop your pants." "What? I can't do that. Its... inappropriate." exclaimed the cop. "Trust me. Just do it." said the dispatcher. So the cop goes back to the car, gives back the license and registration and drops his pants, just as the dispatcher said. The blonde looks down and sighs..... "Ohh no... not another breathalyzer......"   
NASA sends Blonde to space. NASA sends a space shuttle up with two monkeys and a blonde on board. While the shuttle is taking off, the NASA command center calls the first monkey and asks, "Monkey #1, do you know your mission?"  The monkey replies, "ooah ooah!. Get the shuttle into orbit and launch the trillion dollar satellite. ooah ooah!"  Then NASA Control asks the second monkey, "Monkey #2, do you know your mission?"  The second monkey replies, "ooah ooah! Once Monkey #1 has completed the trillion dollar satellite launch, close hatch, and go back to Earth. Land shuttle. ooah ooah!"  Then NASA asks the blonde, "Blonde woman, do you know your mission?"  The blonde woman replies, "Ummmmmmm.... Oh yeah, I remember now. 'Feed the monkeys - and DON'T TOUCH A THING!"
What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair brown? AI (Artificial Intelligence)
How do you get a blonde to give you a hands free blow job? Tell her to count to 10.
What would albert einstein's name be if he was blonde? Nobody would know
A blonde marries an elderly billionaire... When the two are engaged, her friends and family remind her, "Make sure he puts you in the will!!"  When the two are walking down the aisle, her friends and family whisper, "Make sure he puts you in the will!!"  When the two are on their Honeymoon, her friends and family phone to say, "Make sure he puts you in the will!!"  At the funeral soon after, the blonde holds up her hand.  "Don't say it! Yes, I made sure he put me in the will."  She then looks concerned.  "... I just wonder who he left me to."
How do you drown a blonde? Stick a scratch and sniff to the bottom of a pool.
A blonde takes her car to the garage because its been making a funny noise  the mechanic has a look and says not much wrong, just sh!t in the carburetter  oh she says and how often do i have to do that...
A 16 year old blonde is dinning with her parents Blonde: Oh by the way I´m pregnant  Parents (simultaneously): You´re WHAT!?!  Blonde: Geez relax and eat a chill pill, I´m not even sure it´s mine  
Whats the difference between a mosquito and a blonde? A mosquito stops sucking after you slap it.
Why did the blonde think about a wheelchair? Because she was mentally disabled
A Young Blond Suspects A Affair A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''
A blond and a brunette was watching the news Showing was a man standing on top of a tall building yelling that he's gona jump.  The brunette looks at the blond and says "I bet you 200 dollars that guy is gona jump"   The blond thinks for a few seconds and takes the bet.  A few seconds later the man jumps off the building and just smashes into the car parked at the bottom of the building.  The blond fondles in her hand bag and hands over the 200dollars.  The next day the Brunette meets up with the blond again and hands her back the money explaining. "I'm sorry, I can't take your money, I've watched that news story the day before. I knew he was going to jump."  The blond replied : "No keep the money, I also watched it the day before. I just didn't think he'd do it again"
A young blonde woman is distraught A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ”Shut up…you’re next!”
A Blonde Stewardess An airline captain was breaking in a new blonde stewardess. The route they were flying had a stay over in another city, so upon their arrival, the captain showed the stewardess the best place for airline personnel to eat, shop and stay overnight.  The next morning as the pilot was preparing the crew for the day’s route, he noticed the new stewardess was missing. He knew which room she was in at the hotel and called her up wondering what happened to her. She answered the phone, sobbing, and said she couldn’t get out of her room.  “You can’t get out of your room?” the captain asked, “Why not?”  The stewardess replied, “There are only three doors in here,” she cried, “one is the bathroom, one is the closet, and one has a sign on it that says, ‘Do Not Disturb’!”
What does a blonde owl say? Why!
A blonde buys a car. She drives it home then goes to bed. The next morning she goes to work. After working all day she leaves at eleven o clock at night. She gets inside her car starts it up, but the car won't go she calls a mechanic and he tows the car to his garage and looks at it and says there is nothing wrong with the car. He asks if she knows hot to shift properly and she said of course! I use D for day and N for night!
A woman heard that her blonde friend was in the hospital She went to visit her, and found her propped up in bed with bandages over both her ears.  "What in the world happened to you?" she asked.  "It was the craziest thing," said the blonde.  "I was ironing clothes when the phone rang.  Without thinking I held the iron up to my ear and said 'hello?'"  "But what happened to your other ear?"  "I had to call the ambulance, didn't I?"
How do you tell that a blonde is having a bad day? She's got a suppository in her ear and can't find an AirPod.
A Blonde woman asks the milkman for 15 quarts of milk,he says what are you going to do with all that milk?   I'm going to bath in it.  Oh ok he says, do you want it pasteurized?  No, just up to my tits, I can splash it in my face from there!!
A blonde, Donald Trump, a Jew, a landscaper, and a graffiti artist walk into a bar. The blonde asks one of the bartenders for Sex on the Beach. He took her into his car and straight towards the beach, most likely to have some pretty fucking awesome sex.  Donald Trump asks another of the bartenders for the most expensive drink that they had. The bartender reached under the table, and pulled out a golden bottle of wine, and poured it into the finest glass they have, with a side of cheese. The bartender, as a Trump supporter, jokingly says "I'm sure you'll make America grate again!" Trump abruptly leaves the bar, disgusted by his terrible pun. The Jew followed Trump, willing to represent him in court.  The bartender, absolutely distraught by what happened, slammed his head against the table. The landscaper, seeing the bartender upset, decides to ask him a question.  "Hey, knock knock!" The bartender sighs, and lazily says "who's there?"  "Boo!" The landscaper says. The bartender immediately smiles.  "Hey boo! I'm the bartender!" He says.  "Well fuck you too! I didn't take off of work from taking care of people's gardens and shit to listen to retarded dad jokes!" He abruptly left the bar.  With the graffiti artist left, the bartender notices the big frown on his face and greets him.  "Hey buddy. It's been a rough day for me. What's wrong with you?"  The graffiti artist looks up, and brings him outside to a streetlight just outside the bar.  "It's just that I don't know what the fuck to tag this post."
A blonde a Brunette and a Redhead are stuck on an island... One day a Blonde a Brunette and a Redhead are stuck on an island. All of a sudden a magic Genie comes to them and will grant them one wish to get off the island. The Brunette jumps up and says I wanna go first! so she jumps up and screams airplane and she turns into an airplane and flies away. The Redhead jumps of the island and says BIRD! and she turns into a bird and flies away. The Blonde jumps of the cliff looks down and becomes super scared and screams SHIT!  
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant
If a blonde and an Asian guy fall off a cliff, who hits the ground first? The Asian guy because the blonde had to stop and ask for directions.
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever 
A blonde takes an exam A blonde takes an exam of Economics but she gives very poor answers.   A professor wants to help her and asks easy questions.   "What are the most famous economists you know?"   "Hmm, Smith?"   "Good job! What's his full name?"   "..."   "Well, what was the name of the first man?"   "John"
Why couldn't the blonde add 10 and seven on a calculator? A: She couldn't find the 10 key.
Yet another blonde joke A blonde is driving down the interstate when she sees a police car behind her with its lights on. She pulls off to the side of the road, the officer comes over to the driver side window, and pulls his penis out. The blond looks at it and says "not another breathalyzer!" 
Why can't a blonde dial 911? She can't find the 11.
A blonde was looking for change in her life so she started working at a strip club, at least that's the story she told me when I gave her my change
A blonde walks into a store... A blonde walks into a store and informs the clerk she'd like to purchase one of the TVs on sale.  The clerk turns to her and says "Sorry, we don't sell TVs to blondes."  Worried that she would miss out on the great deal, the blonde leaves the store and dyes her hair brown, returning a short time later. She once again informs the clerk that she would like to purchase the TV, and is again told "Sorry, we don't sell TVs to blondes."  Frustrated, the blonde leaves the store and dyes her hair red. She returns and tells the clerk she'd like to buy the TV, but once more the clerk says "Sorry, we don't sell TVs to blondes."  Finally the blonde shouts out "I dyed my hair brown and I dyed my hair red, why won't you sell me that TV??"  The clerk says "Because we don't sell TVs, that's a microwave."
Blonde Challenge Q: What is long and hard to a blonde?  A: Fourth grade.
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever.
How do you keep a blonde busy? Put "flip" on both sides of a piece of paper
A blonde and a brunette decided to rob a bank. They quickly devised a good plan and they put their plan to action. The brunette drove up to the front of the bank that they had decided to rob. She turned to the blonde and asked her, "Now, do you remember what the plan is?"   The blonde sighed and replied, "Yeah, yeah, I remember..."   The brunette went over the plan once more and let the blonde out to do her stuff.  Before the blonde could shut the door, the brunette yelled out, "Be sure to be in and out in no more than 5 minutes!"   The blonde ran inside and the brunette waited in the car... and waited... and waited... and waited... and waited. After waiting for so long in the car, the blonde bursts out of the bank's doors, the alarm blaring loud enough to wake everyone up. The blonde was lugging a bank safe behind her by a rope tied around it. A security guard ran out of the bank, his pants down around his ankles and attempting to reach for his gun. The blonde breathed heavily as she tried to put the safe in the car but finally just gave up and dropped the safe behind. She ran into the passenger seat and pulled the door shut, the car already moving. The security guard yelled, "Stop! Stop!" while the pair drove off, leaving the safe with rope tied tightly around it behind. The brunette frantically asked the blonde, "What the hell happened in there?!?"   The blonde was panting and turned to the brunette and choked out, "What do you mean? I followed the plan exactly!"  The brunette paused and yelled, "YOU IDIOT! YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO TIE UP THE GUARD AND BLOW THE SAFE!" 
A blonde walks into an appliance store... She goes to the clerk and points behind him.   "I'd like to buy that television there." she declares to the clerk. The clerk turns around, glances back at the lady and says "We don't sell TVs to blondes."  discouraged she walks out of the store.  The next day she comes back in hopes a new salesperson was working. "I'd like to buy that television." pointing again to the one behind the clerk. Angrily he grunts "Listen lady, I told you yesterday we don't sell TVs to blondes." She again storms off.  She comes up with a plan and buys a red wig.  Again she walks into the store, walks up to the clerk and exclaims "I would like to purchase that television." the clerk sighs, "I already told you, we don't sell TVs to blondes!" "But how did you know it was me!?" She asks, "Because that's not a TV, its a microwave."
A blonde gets in an airplane... It is a one way flight to New York city and she sits down in the first open seat she sees. Moments later a man walks up to her and says, "umm, miss that's my seat." The blonde replies by saying, "Im blonde.  Im beautiful and im going to new york." So the man goes to find a flight attendant to ask her.  She goes up to the blonde and says, "mam, that is not your seat please move." To which the blonde declares, "Im blonde, im beautiful and i am going to new york."  So now these people are frustrated, this lady just wont get up.  The pilot over hears them talking and asks, "whats going on, is there a problem?"  They tell him whats going on, and he asks, "is she a blonde?"  "Yes, she keeps saying shes blonde and beautiful and going to new york."  "Okay the pilot says, i got this."  He walks up to the blonde and bends over to whisper something in her ear.  She then gets up and moves to the back of the plane.  The man and the flight attendant are astounded.  "How did you do that, what did you say?"  "Oh nothing really," the pilot says, "my wife is blonde so i just told her that the back of the plane is going to new york."
Blonde painter A blonde was recently fired from an M&amp;M factory for throwing away Ws and peeling the shells on the candies. Therefore, she needed a new job to support herself. After going around town asking if anyone needed work done, she found a man who needed a painter.   "I'm here for the paint job," she said.   "Alright," said the man. "Here is the paint and your brush. I want you to paint my porch behind the house."   The blonde immediately went to work painting. Within an hour, she was done and decided to put on a second coating.   After she finished, she returned to the man for her pay. She said with satisfaction, "I not only completed the job, but I even put on two coats of paint! By the way, that isn't a porsche out back. It's a Ferrari.
Why cant a blonde girl call 911? She can't find the 11.    REKT 
A guy walks into a Starbucks and orders a tall blonde to go... The girl behind him then leaves.      
An American, a Russian, and a British blonde are arguing over which country is best in terms of space travel The Russian says "you Americans were not the first in space, ze Russians were! You capitalist pigs will never reach that milestone because we reached it first!"  The American answers "oh yeah? Well we were the first on the moon. You commies have never been to the moon, and you'll never get there!"  The British blonde says "That's nothing, the Brits will be the first to land on the sun!" The Russian and American both stop their own bickering and stare at the Brit. The American finally pipes up: "You can't do that, you'll burn up!"  The Brit replies "well duh, we're gonna do it at night."
I'm blonde James Blonde
A blonde, a brunette, and a Redhead are all in a bar The bartender goes up to them and says "Hey ladies, I can grant you a wish if you can tell me one true statement." "However if you lie to me, you will disappear. Skeptical, the redhead goes up first and says  "Okay, then I think I am the prettiest one in this room."  The bartender says  "True, what's your wish?" The redhead wishes for a diamond necklace and receives it and leaves the bar happy. Surprised, the brunette goes next eagerly and says "Okay, I think I am the smartest one in this bar."  She then wishes for a brand new car and receives it and runs out of the bar happily. The blonde eagerly says to the bartender "Okay, I think..." And she disappears into thin air.   
A blonde and her friend were standing on the street talking.. The blonde's friend sees her boyfriend coming out of a flower shop with a big bunch of flowers and says, "Oh yeah, I suppose he expects me to spend the whole night on my back with my legs in the air now!"  The blonde says, "Why, do you not own a vase?"
A blonde goes to buy a tv.. A blonde goes out to buy a TV at a department store.   Blonde: I'd like that TV please.   Clerk: Sorry, we don't sell to blondes.   So the blonde goes out and dyes her hair brown. She then goes back to the store.   Blonde: I'd like that TV please.   Clerk: I'm sorry but we don't sell to blondes.   Amazed she goes out and dyes her hair ginger. She later returns to the store.   Blonde: I'd like that TV please.   Clerk: I'm sorry, we don't sell to blondes.   Blonde: How did you know I'm blonde?   Clerk: Because that's a Microwave.  
What do you call a blonde who has dyed her hair brown? Artificial Intelligence 
Blonde and brunette are stuck in elevator... Blonde starts yelling HELP HELP Brunete: it is better if we yell together. Blonde: TOGETHER TOGETHER
Not sure about this blonde moment... Overheard at a coffee shop...  "... and the 3rd mistake was that he did it in the 1st place..."
A blonde lady driving. A blonde lady is driving and pulled over by a blonde cop. When the cop walks up to the car and asks for license and registration the blonde lady complains she doesn't know what a license is. The cop explains that it's something you keep in your purse, is square and has your picture on it. She looks in her purse and finds her small mirror. She sees herself in the mirror and thinks this must be her license. She hands the mirror to the blonde cop and he looks into it and sees himself. He then says "I'm sorry ma'am, I didn't know you were a cop! Have a nice day!"
How to deal with a blonde on a plane There was once a blonde woman on a plane to Detroit. She was in the economy class, but after takeoff, she saw an empty seat in first class and moved there. An attendant saw her and said, "Excuse me, ma'am, but you have a ticket for economy class, not first. You cannot stay here." The blonde replied, "I can and I will." The attendant told the copilot, who came and talked to the woman. "Ma'am, we really can't have you staying in this seat, your ticket was for economy." "You can't make me move." The copilot told the captain, who tried to talk her out of the seat but it didn't work. Finally, a man who had heard what had been going on told the attendant to let him have a go at getting the woman out of the seat because he was married to a blonde too, so he knew how to deal with her. After a quick chat with her, she moved. The shocked attendant asked him how he did it. The man replied, "I told her first class wasn't going to Detroit."
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette... ...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek. The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.' The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.' The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.' The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.'
A blonde came back from school one day... "Mum!! I finally found something that I'm better at than the other kids!"   Her mum asks what it is as her daughter has failed all of her subjects.  "Well mum, I have much bigger boobs than the rest of the class!!"  Her mum looks at her lovingly and said "of course you do honey... You are 28"
A smart blonde, a dumb blonde and Santa Claus all jump from the golden gate bridge at the same time. Who makes the biggest splash?  The dumb blonde, because the others don't exist!
A police officer stops a blonde speeding on the Highway She says I thought pretty girls don't get tickets.  Officer replies, "you're right, we don't give pretty girls tickets, now sign here"
3 guys talk about their blond wives... The first says: "My blond wife is so stupid... she bought a collar yesterday, and she doesn't even have a dog..." The second husband says: "That's nothing! May stupid blond wife bought herself a brand new car, and she doesn't even have a drivers licence!" The third husband, himself a blond replies: "Well, my blond wife is the stupidest of them all... She left for holidays on her own yesterday and took a pack of condoms with her... and she doesn't even have a dick!"
A Blond, Brunette and a Redhead go to a Bar They come up to the bartender and the bartender says "we have a magic mirror in the girl's bathroom,  if you tell it a truth about yourself you'll get free drinks and if you tell it a lie it will kill you." Excited, the brunette rushes to the bathroom and says "I think I'm the prettiest out of the three of us." The mirror gives the brunette a voucher for free drinks. Next, the redhead rushes to the bathroom seeing as her best friend had gotten free drinks and says "I think I have the best hair in the group." The mirror gives the redhead a voucher for free drinks and she rushes out. The blonde is so surprised, she runs to the bathroom to test it and says "I think-" and immediately dies  Edit: Blonde
A blonde walks into a bar yelling, "65 days!" A guy asks her, "What's in 65 days?"  The blonde replies, "I completed the puzzle in 65 days! The box said 2 to 4 years!"
I was hosting a gathering for my blonde girlfriend's birthday. I told her it was casual and when everyone arrived she appeared with her outfit around her ankles. Everyone gasped.  "Blame my boyfriend," she explained, "He said dress down!"
A Blonde wife walks in to her living room and finds her blonde husband desperately looking for something. He's moving furniture, checking in vents, simply looking in every nook and cranny of the living room. Perplexed the wife asks him what he is searching for.  "Hidden Cameras," the husband replies.  "Why!?" The wife asks totally boggled.  "Because the man on the tv knows what I'm doing. Every five minuites he says "you're watching the weather channel.""
There's a blond and a brunette in a car... There's a blond and a brunette in a car. The brunette is driving while the blonde is in the passenger seat. They're going down a steep hill when the brunette realizes that the brakes don't work. The brunette tells the blonde that the brakes don't work and they will drive off the side of the cliff because they failed to stop. The blonde then replies, "Don't worry! There's a stop sign ahead." -  
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead all work at the same office for a female boss who always goes home early.   "Hey, girls," says the brunette, "let's go home early tomorrow. She'll never know."   So the next day, they all leave right after the boss does. The brunette gets some extra gardening done, the redhead goes to a bar, and the blonde goes home to find her husband having sex with the female boss! She quietly sneaks out of the house and returns at her normal time.   "That was fun," says the brunette. "We should do it again sometime."   "No way," says the blonde. "I almost got caught."
A blonde and a brunette are walking past a flower shop. They glance in and notice the brunette's boyfriend buying flowers... Brunette: "Aw crap."  Blonde: "What's the matter? Don't you like flowers?"  Brunette: "Sure, I guess. It's just that I don't want to have to spend the weekend with my feet in the air."  Blonde: "What's the problem? Don't you have a vase?"
Why does a blonde give throat only? She gave too much head and lost it.
A blonde with headphones goes to the barber... When he asked her what haircut she wants, she responded: Just cut everything but without taking the headphones off. The barber thought it was weird but he just did it.  A month later the blonde with headphones comes again to the barber. He asks her which haircut she wants and she responded the same: Cut everything but without taking the Headphones off.  The barber still thinks it is weird but he just does it.  The next month the Blonde comes again and asks for the same thing. This time the barber is curious and takes her headphones off. Seconds later the blonde falls dead off the chair.  Really confused the barber puts on the headphones and hears: "Breathe in, Breathe out, Breathe in , Breathe out...."
Two blond cowboys... Two blond cowboys (duke and matt) walk into a saloon. While they are at the bar, a man walks in and put an Indian head on the bar. The bartender hands the man $100. The two blond cowboys ask why. The bartender says.  "Indians killed my family. I'll pay a $100 for every Indian head brought to me."  The two cowboys decide to get some money. They ride out on the Prarie and spot an indian. They begin chasing him and he falls into a ravine. They see he is dead so they climb down to retrieve his head.   Duke begins sawing. Matt looks up and taps duke on the shoulder. Duke looks around with his mouth hanging open. Hundreds of Indians lined the ravine in full war paint.   Duke says "oh my god... we are gunna be rich!"
A blonde wants to buy a T.V. A blonde walks into a shop and asks the owner "I'd like to buy a television". The owner says "I don't sell to blondes.". The women walks out of the store frustrated. She comes in again the next day after dying her hair black. She asks the owner  "I'd like to buy a  television". The owner says "I don' sell to blondes". Confused, the woman asks, "how did you know i was blonde?". The owner answered, "Only a blonde would walk into a microwave shop asking for a T.V".
What do you get when you turn a blonde upside down? A brunette with bad breath.
A blonde walks into a shop... ... and over to a shelf. She points, and asks the shopkeeper, "Can I buy this TV?" The shopkeeper replies "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes."  The blonde huffs and makes her way to the hairdresser's, where she gets her hair dyed brown. She returns to the shop and repeats her question. Again, the shopkeeper informs her "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes."  The blonde returns to the hairdressers, dyes her hair red, buys a new hat and sunglasses, and changes her clothes. She returns to the shop.  "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes."  Exasperated, she exclaims "How did you know I was blonde?!"  "That's a microwave."
Why did the blonde tip-toe near the medicine cabinet? Because she didn't want to wake the sleeping pills.
What is a blonde between two Germans? Not the dumbest!
How do blonde brain cells die? Alone.
A blonde is sitting next to a lawyer on a plane. The lawyer just keeps bugging the blonde wanting her to play a game of intelligence. Finally, the lawyer offers her 10 to 1 odds, and says every time the blonde can not answer one of his questions, she owes him $5, but every time he cannot answer hers, he’ll give her $50. The lawyer figures he could not lose, and the blonde reluctantly accepts. The lawyer first asks, “What is the distance between the Earth and the nearest star?” Without saying a word the blonde hands him $5. The blonde then asks, “What goes up a hill with 3 legs and comes back down the hill with 4 legs?” Well, the lawyer is puzzled. He takes several hours, looking up everything he can on his laptop and even placing numerous air-to-ground phone calls trying to find the answer. Finally, angry and frustrated, he gives up and pays the blonde $50 The blonde put the $50 into her purse without comment, but the lawyer insists, “What is the answer to your question?” Without saying a word, the blonde hands him $5.
A ginger, a brunette and a blonde in Hell Just kidding, how could a ginger go to hell without a soul?
There's a beautiful blonde woman on the beach, no arms no legs... A man walks passed her and she says, "Excuse me, could you please hug me? I've never been hugged before." The man, feeling bad for her, picks the lady up, hugs her, and puts her back down and goes on with his day.  Later that day, a second man walks passed her and she says, "Excuse me, I've never been kissed before, would you please kiss me?" So the man, similar to the last, picks her up, kisses her, puts her back down, and continues on with his day.  Later on, a third man walks passed her and she says "Excuse me, I've never been fucked before, would you please fuck me?" So the man picks the lady up, throws her into the ocean and says, "Well, you're fucked now."
A Blond walks into a library A blond walks into a library and says "can I get some cheeseburgers?"  The librarian says "this is a library"  So the blond apologizes and whispers "can I get some cheese burgers?"
What is blond and disturbs camping trips? Anders Breivik
A curvy blonde walks into a drugstore She asks the clerk, "Can you show me where the flashlight batteries are?".  The clerk says, "Sure." and wiggled his fingers at her in a come-hither gesture. "Come this way", he continued.  She replied "If I could come that way, I wouldn't need the flashlight batteries." 
A blonde walks into a bar... jokes on you. There is no joke.  Do you feel like a blonde now?
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? A mosquito will stop sucking after you slap it
A flight is on its way to Sydney when a blonde in economy class gets up, and moves to the first class section and sits down The flight attendant watches her do this, and asks to see her ticket. She then tells the blonde that she paid for economy class, and that she will have to sit in the back. The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”. The flight attendant goes into the cockpit and tells the pilot and the co-pilot that there is a blonde bimbo sitting in first class, that belongs in economy, and won’t move back to her seat. The co-pilot goes back to the blonde and tries to explain that because she only paid for economy she will have to leave and return to her seat. The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”. The co-pilot tells the pilot that he probably should have the police waiting when they land to arrest this blonde woman who won’t listen to reason. The pilot says, “You say she is a blonde? I’ll handle this, I’m married to a blonde. I speak blonde”. He goes back to the blonde and whispers in her ear, and she says, “Oh, I’m sorry” and gets up and goes back to her seat in economy. The flight attendant and co-pilot are amazed and asked him what he said to make her move without any fuss. I told her, “First class isn’t going to Sydney “ Edit: Thanks for the gold. Thanks for the comments. Thanks for the abuse - whilst highlighting that it is an unoriginal joke. At no point did I proclaim to have written it, but it is a cracking joke.
Why did the blonde give her computer bacteriostatic? Her IT friend said her computer had a virus.
How do you drown a blonde? Stick a scratch n sniff sticker on the bottom of a pool. 
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are stranded in a desert... A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are stranded in a desert, when they come across a magical lamp, which the blonde then rubs repeatedly.  A genie then comes out of the magic lamp, and promises to grant one wish for each of the girls.   The brunette says "I just want to go home!" she is then teleported back home, safe and sound.  The redhead says "I want to go back home!" she is also teleported back home.   The blonde then says "I just wish my friends were here!"
Life With A Blonde Teenager… SCENE: My teenage daughter and me in the car.  Lauren: Dad, do you know what the most commonly used letter in a girl’s name is?  Me: Hmm, is it a consonant or a vowel? (Silence.) Please tell me you know what consonants and vowels are.  Lauren: You’re no fun, Dad. Forget it.  Me: What is a vowel?  Lauren: OK, OK. A vowel is … ahh … eh … well, oh … uh …  Me: Close enough.
A redhead tells her blonde sister "I slept with a Brazilian"... The blonde says "OMG! you slut! How many is a brazilian?"
BLONDE SUICIDE A blonde hurried into the emergency room late one night with the tip Of her index finger shot off. 'How did this happen?' the emergency room doctor asked her.  'Well, I was trying to commit suicide,' the blonde replied.  'What?' sputtered the doctor. 'You tried to commit suicide by shooting Off your finger?'  'No, silly' the blonde said. 'First I put the gun to my chest, and then I thought, 'I just paid $6, 000.00 for these implants...  I'm not shooting myself in the chest.'  'So then?' asked the doctor.  'Then I put the gun in my mouth, and I thought, 'I just paid $3,000.00 To get my teeth straightened I'm not shooting myself in the mouth.'  'So then?' questioned the doctor.   'Then I put the gun to my ear, and I thought: 'This is going to make a loud noise. So I put my finger in my other ear before I pulled the trigger.' 
Two blonde girls are celebrating at a table... The waiter comes by and asks "What are you celebrating?"  They say "We finished this puzzle in only 6 months! And the box says from 2 to 4 years!"
A teacher at my college told us a dumb blonde joke. Two blondes are walking through a forest when they get separated. One comes upon a lake and sees her friend on the other side. She yells "How did you get to the other side of the lake?" Her friend yells back, "You are on the other side of the lake"
I asked a blonde, "How many blondes does it take to screw in a light bulb?" She answered, "Two. But they can't fit inside a light bulb to screw in it, silly." 
A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair  A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''
A blonde leans against a tree and the tree collapses... The cleverer give in.
Blonde and a lawyer on a plane A blonde and a lawyer are seated next to each other on a flight from LA to NY. The lawyer asks if she would like to play a fun game? The blonde, tired, just wants to take a nap, politely declines and rolls over to the window to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists and explains that the game is easy and a lot of fun. He explains, "I ask you a question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me $5.00, and vice versa. " Again, she declines and tries to get some sleep. The lawyer, now agitated, says, "Okay, if you don't know the answer you pay me $5.00, and if I don't know the answer, I will pay you $500.00." This catches the blonde's attention and, figuring there will be no end to this torment unless she plays, agrees to the game. The lawyer asks the first question. "What's the distance from the earth to the moon?" The blonde doesn't say a word, reaches into her purse, pulls out a $5.00 bill and hands it to the lawyer. "Okay" says the lawyer, "your turn." She asks the lawyer, "What goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four legs?" The lawyer, puzzled, takes out his laptop computer and searches all his references, no answer. He taps into the air phone with his modem and searches the net and the library of congress, no answer.  Frustrated, he sends e-mails to all his friends and coworkers, to no avail. After an hour, he wakes the blonde, and hands her $500.00. The blonde says, "Thank you," and turns back to get some more sleep. The lawyer, who is more than a little miffed, wakes the blonde and asks, "Well, what's the answer?" Without a word, the blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5.00, and goes back to sleep.
What did the doctor say when he delivered a blonde-haired baby to an expecting Chinese couple? Two Wongs don't make a white
How do you find a blonde on reddit? Look for the comments that just say "huh?"
Blonde walks into a bar and orders a beer Bartender says "Anheuser Busch?"  Blonde replies "not bad. and hows your cock?"
Why was the blonde confused after giving birth to twins? She couldn't figure out who the other mother was.
What's the difference between the wind and a blonde? Some days the wind doesn't blow.
There was once a blonde woman. There was once a blonde woman on a plane to Detroit. She was in the economy class, but after takeoff, she saw an empty seat in first class and moved there. An attendant saw her and said, "Excuse me, ma'am, but you have a ticket for economy class, not first. You cannot stay here." The blonde replied, "I can and I will." The attendant told the copilot, who came and talked to the woman. "Ma'am, we really can't have you staying in this seat, your ticket was for economy." "You can't make me move." The copilot told the captain, who tried to talk her out of the seat but it didn't work. Finally, a man who had heard what had been going on told the attendant to let him have a go at getting the woman out of the seat because he was married to a blonde too, so he knew how to deal with her. After a quick chat with her, she moved. The shocked attendant asked him how he did it. The man replied, "I told her first class wasn't going to Detroit."
Why did the blonde climb the roof of the pub? The drinks were on the house.
Why did the blonde get excited when she finished a jigsaw puzzle in 6 months? Because on the box it said "From 2-4 years."
What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning? Walks home.
Did you here about the Blonde who made a large donation to the community swimming pool? She gave 25 Gallons of water!
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette... ...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.  The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.'  The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.'  The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.'  The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.' 
A blonde prostitute is working the corner with her friends... ... when a prospective client walks up to her.  "H-how much?" the man asks. The blonde whispers the price in his ear, and he quickly agrees.  As they're walking away, her fellow prostitutes call out: "Aren't you forgetting something?"  The man turns back nervously, then feels for his wallet. It's full. He hasn't forgotten that. They walk further on.  The prostitutes call out louder, "Aren't you forgetting something?!"  Suddenly, a cold chill runs down the man's spine. He feels his jacket pocket. Plenty of condoms. Too many, in fact. He's over-prepared so that's not a problem.  Finally, the pair turn into an alley way as the prostitutes are barely audible, now. "Aren't you forgetting something?!?!"  No, the man is sure he hasn't. Out comes the money, on goes the condom, and the dirty deed is done behind a dumpster of all places.  "You know, I was really worried..." the man says, panting, after the very-quick quickie. "Not about forgetting the money, or the condoms... but this all went so smoothly that I was sure you were a cop and you'd arrest me!"  The blonde smacked her forehead, "I KNEW I forgot something!"
Why did the blonde's belly button hurt? Her boyfriend was blonde as well.
A blonde, a drunk, a liar, and a loser walk into a bar to order a couple drinks... The bartender says: "There's my favorite customer! What will it be this time Ms. Clinton?"  Edit: Hahaha everyone's so butthurt. It's just a joke...
A blonde woman dyes her hair red.... A blonde woman dyes her hair red because she's tired of the blonde jokes.  One day she stops by a farm and asks the farmer, "If I can count how many sheep you have, can I keep one?" The farmer reluctantly agrees. After some counting, the blonde woman says, "there is 124 sheep in your farm." Shocked, the farmer counts them. Sure enough, there are 124 sheep. The woman picks one up and takes it to her car. Right when she's about to leave, the farmer knocks on her window and asks,"Ma'am, if I can guess your real hair color, can I have my dog back?"
One day a blond walks into a doctors office with both of her ears burnt. One day a blond walks into a doctors office with both of her ears burnt. The doctor askes her what had happened. She says, "well... when I was ironing my work suit the phone rang and I mistakanly picked up the iron instead of the phone. "Well that explains one ear, but what about the other." "The bastard called again"
A blonde girl thinks that her husband is having an affair with someone else... So she buys a pistol.  The next day, she goes home and finds out his husband was having sex with a brunette. So she starts screaming and points the gun to her head.  Her husband jumps out of his bed, dick out, and pleads her wife to not shoot, to what the girl replies:  "SHUT UP! YOU'RE NEXT!"   I'm so embarrased for this joke.
What do you call it when a blonde dyes their hair brown Artificial Intelligence
A blonde is walking her dog down the street... when she decides to stop for a coffee in a little cafe on her street. She ties her golden retriever up to a lamp post and heads inside. The woman doesn't realize that her female dog is in heat, and a crowd of horny males quickly begin to gather around her.  Meanwhile, a police officer notices the crowd of dogs and recognizes the situation. Concerned for the innocent female, he heads inside the cafe to alert the owner.   "Who is the owner of the dog tied up outside?"  "Oh, she is mine officer" says the blonde.  "Do you realize that your dog is in heat?"  The blonde replies "I made sure she was in the shade officer!"  "No, that's not what I mean... Your dog wants to be bred, miss"   Again, the blonde does not understand. "That's odd officer, I make sure to feed her kibble twice a day!"  The officer is agitated at this point and exclaims "Miss, you don't get it. Your dog wants to FUCK!"  The blonde excitedly gasps "Oh! Go for it officer! I've always wanted a police dog!!"  
Adding Blonde Q: Why couldn't the blonde add 10 and seven on a calculator?  A: She couldn't find the 10 key.
What did the blonde say when she walked into a bar? "Ouch!"
A blonde walks up to the podium and claims to be a lawyer Oops sorry i didnt realise you werent meant to put your jokes in the title... ☺
A Blonde Asks For A Loan A blonde woman walks into a bank in NYC before going on vacation and asks for a $5,000 loan.  The banker asks, "Okay, miss, is there anything you would like to use as collateral?"  The woman says, "Yes, of course. I'll use my Rolls Royce."  The banker, stunned, asks, "A $250,000 Rolls Royce? Really?"  The woman is completely positive. She hands over the keys, as the bankers and loan officers laugh at her. They check her credentials, make sure she is the title owner. Everything checks out. They park it in their underground garage for two weeks.  When she comes back, she pays off the $5,000 loan as well as the $15.41 interest.  The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very appreciative of your business with us, but I have one question. We looked you up and found out that you are a multi-millionaire. Why would you want to borrow $5,000?"  The woman replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
A BLONDE &amp; HER TWO COATS.... While her husband was at work, a blonde decided to paint their living room. After her husband arrives home, he finds his wife lying on the floor in a pool of sweat while wearing a parka and a mink. He asked her what she was doing. She said, "I wanted to prove to you that not all blonde women are dumb, and I wanted to do it by painting the living room." He says that he was impressed at the good job she had done, but asked, "Why are you wearing two coats? She replied, "I read the directions on the paint can, and they said, ''For best results, put on two coats!'"
A blonde sees someone struggling to steer a boat She then yells "If i could swim ID come over their and teach you how to steer a boat!"
What do you call an intelligent blonde? a Golden Retriever
How do you know if a blonde has been using your computer? How do you know if a blonde has been using your computer?  When there's white-out all over the screen
A BLONDE'S THEFT A blonde goes to the library to get a book. A few days later, she comes back and says to librarian at the counter, "This book was very boring. It had too many characters and too many numbers, so I would like to return it." The librarian says to her coworkers, "So here's the person who took our phone book!" 
A Blonde &amp; Her Thermos A blonde notices that her coworker has a thermos, so she asks him what it's for. He responds, "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold."  The blonde immediately buys one for herself. The next day, she goes to work and proudly displays it.  Her coworker asks, "What do you have in it?"  She replies, "Soup and ice cream."
A blonde and a burnette are on opposite sides of a river... The burnette yells to the blonde "how do I get to the other side?"  The blonde yells back "you are on the other side!"
The Blonde and the Blinker Two blondes were driving down the road. The blonde driving looks at her friend in the passenger seat and asks her to see if her blinker is working. So the blonde looks out the window and says, ''Yes. No. Yes. No.''
Why can't the blonde count to 70? Because 69 is a mouthful. 
What did a blonde's mother tell her blonde daughter? If you're not in bed by midnight, come home.
What is the difference between a normal blonde and a blonde with a Ph.D? The one with the Ph.D will blow your mind too!
Why did the blonde wax her biceps? She was exercising her right to bare arms. 
A Blonde went to the doctor for a routine physical. “Here”, said the nurse, handing her a urine specimen container. “The bathroom is over there on your right. The doctor will be with you in a few minutes.” A few minutes later the blonde came out of the bathroom with an empty container and a relieved look on her face. “Thanks! But they had a toilet in there, so I didn’t need this after all!”
What do you call a dead blonde in a closet? Last year's winner of hide and seek
A flight is on its way to Sydney when a blonde in economy class gets up, and moves to the first class section and sits down The flight attendant watches her do this, and asks to see her ticket.  She then tells the blonde that she paid for economy class, and that she will have to sit in the back.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”.  The flight attendant goes into the cockpit and tells the pilot and the co-pilot that there is a blonde bimbo sitting in first class, that belongs in economy, and won’t move back to her seat.  The co-pilot goes back to the blonde and tries to explain that because she only paid for economy she will have to leave and return to her seat.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”.  The co-pilot tells the pilot that he probably should have the police waiting when they land to arrest this blonde woman who won’t listen to reason.  The pilot says, “You say she is a blonde? I’ll handle this, I’m married to a blonde. I speak blonde”.  He goes back to the blonde and whispers in her ear, and she says, “Oh, I’m sorry” and gets up and goes back to her seat in economy.  The flight attendant and co-pilot are amazed and asked him what he said to make her move without any fuss.  I told her, “First class isn’t going to Sydney “
A blonde and her boyfriend are about to make love.   The blonde isn't feeling so fresh down there, and doesn't have time for a shower, so she stuffs a Mentos in her vagina.  Her boyfriend begins to give her some oral pleasure. He suddenly stops when he notices the candy and says, "Well, this is quite the predicament."
Why did the blonde avoid eating cereal? Every box had, in huge letters, "0mg cholesterol!"
What's the difference between a fly and a blonde? A fly stops sucking when you slap it
A blonde joke (that i didn't make nor take credit for) A blonde wakes up one morning and decides she wants to do a puzzle. So she reaches into the cabinet and grabs a box. After 4 hours of trying to match the pieces together she finally breaks down and calls her boyfriend for help.   Blonde: "I've been trying to get this puzzle together for over four hours and I can't even find one piece."  Boyfriend: "What's the picture on the box?"  Blonde: "A tiger with a bowl of cereal on a blue background."  Boyfriend: "Honey... Put the Frosted Flakes back in the box."
Why was the blonde disappointed with her trip to England? She found out Big Ben is only a clock. 
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are captured by a witch The witch tells them, "If you say something about yourself that is true, I will let you go, if not, you will vanish into thin air"  The brunette says, "I think I'm the prettiest"  *Poof!* the brunette disappears.   The redhead says, "I think I'm the smartest" *Poof!* the redhead disappears.  The blonde says, "I think..." *Poof!*
A blonde is recruited into ISIS and blows up the base immediately after. Upon arriving at the afterlife, they are immediately questioned by a fellow recruit.  "Why the fuck did you blow everyone up?"  "Well, I asked them what I was supposed to do here.", the blonde replied.  "And?"  "They told me to go see for myself."
So a blonde is driving on a road and sees another blonde on the roadside... she was trying to row in the grass pasture, so the other blonde jumps out of the car and yells at her "you're the reason why blondes are given a stupid stigma! If i can swim out there and get you I would!"  edited sigma for stigma
What do you call a blonde in the freezer? Her parents named her Cindy so we should probably continue to call her that. She was supposed to graduate tomorrow.
A blonde girl asked her boyfriend... ... If he knows how to repair laptops, he said yes and asked her what brand laptop she has, she said that it's a dy brand, he told that he never heard of the brand and asked her to send a picture of the laptop, she took the picture and sent it to him, he looked at it and he realised that was an upside down HP logo. 
The Smart Blonde A lawyer and a blonde are sitting next to each other on a flight from L.A. To New York. The lawyer asks if she would like to play a fun game. The blonde is tired and just wants to take a nap, so she politely declines and rolls over to the window to catch a few winks.  The lawyer persists. He explains how the game works. "I ask you a Question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me, and vice-versa." Again, the blonde politely declines and tries to get some sleep. The lawyer figures that since his opponent is a blonde he will easily win the match, so he makes another offer. "If you don't know the answer, you pay me only $5, but if I don't know the answer, I will pay you $500."  The blonde figures there will be no end to this torment unless she plays, so she agrees. The lawyer asks, "What's the distance from the Earth to the moon?" The blonde reaches in to her purse, pulls out a five-dollar bill, and hands it to the lawyer then she asks the lawyer "What goes up a hill with three legs, and comes down with four?"  The lawyer is puzzled. He uses his laptop to search for references. He taps into the air-phone with his modem and searches the Net and the library of Congress. Frustrated, he sends emails to his coworkers and friends. No luck. After an hour, he gives up.  He wakes the blonde and hands her $500 the blonde politely takes the $500 and turns away to get back to sleep. The lawyer, who is going nuts trying to figure it out, wakes the blonde and asks, "Well, so what goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four?" The blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5, and goes back to sleep. 
A hefty, muscular gun toting blond guy from Austin Texas goes to a bar on his Harley Davidson. A hefty, muscular gun toting blond guy from Austin Texas goes to a bar on his Harley Davidson. He parks the bike outside, goes in and orders a drink. Now the regulars at this bar have a habit of picking on newcomers. So when the blond goes back his bike is missing from its spot. He walks back in. He shouts out Which one of ya'll fuckers stole my Harley? Nobody answers. He caresses his gun and says Here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna get another drink and if ma bike ain't back where I left it, I'm gonna do the same thing I did back in Austin. And I don't like what I did back in Austin. True to his word, he orders a drink and goes back out, to find his Harley back where it was! As he puts on his helmet, the bar owner asks him If you don't mind me asking, what did you do back in Austin? The blond replies I had to walk back home 
What is the difference between a blonde and a shopping cart? Sometimes, the shopping cart has a mind of its own.
Why does a blonde girl have a bruised belly button? She has a blonde boyfriend. 
Blonde jokes Blonde: "What does IDK stand for?" Brunette: "I don’t know." Blonde: "OMG, nobody does!" 
A blonde, brunette, and redhead are each pregnant and at the doctor's office... While sitting in the waiting area, they begin chatting.  The brunette says "I was on the bottom so I'm having a girl!" The redhead says "I was on top so I'm having a boy!" The blonde starts crying hysterically. The brunette and redhead ask her what's wrong. The blonde says "I'm going to have a puppy!"
[BLONDE] A BLONDE'S BRAIN AT WORK A blonde, a brunette and a redhead all work for a female boss who always goes home early. "Hey girls," says the brunette. "Let's go home early tomorrow. She'll never know." So the next day, they all leave right after their boss. The brunette gets some extra gardening done, the redhead goes to a bar, and the blonde goes home to find her husband having sex with the female boss. She quietly sneaks out of the house and returns at her normal time. "That was fun," says the brunette. "We should do it again sometime." "No way," says the blonde. "I almost got caught."
A blonde was desperate for money... so she decided to go to the richer neighborhoods around town and look for odd jobs.  At the first house, a man answered the door and told her. 'Yeah, I have a job for you. Could you paint the porch?'  'Sure,' smiled the blonde, 'I'll do it for $100.'  'Great,' the man replied. 'You'll find the paint and stuff you need in the garage.'  The man went back into the house to his wife, who'd been listening. 'A hundred bucks! Does she know it goes all the way around the house?' asked the wife.  'Well, she must. She was standing right on it!' he said.  About 45 minutes later, the blonde knocked on the door. 'I'm all done,' she reported.  The man was amazed. You painted the whole porch?'  'Yeah,' the blonde said. 'I even had some left, so I put on two coats!'  The man reached into his wallet to pay her.  'And by the way,' said the blonde, 'that's not a Porsche. It's a Ferrari.'
Why did the blonde keep coat hangers under her seat? In case she locks her keys in her car.
a blond joke Trump.
Is it because I'm blonde? A girl came skipping home from school one day. "Mommy, Mommy," she yelled, "we were counting today, and all the other kids could only count to four, but I counted to 10. See? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10!" "Very good," said her mother. "Is it because I'm blonde?" the girl said. "Yes, it's because you're blonde," said the mommy. The next day the girl came skipping home from school. "Mommy, Mommy," she yelled, "we were saying the alphabet today, and all the other kids could only say it to G, but I said it to N. See? A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L M, N!" "Very good," said her mother. "Is it because I'm blonde, Mommy?" "Yes, it's because you're blonde." The next day the girl came skipping home from school. "Mommy, Mommy," she yelled, "we were in gym class today, and when we showered, all the other girls had flat chests, but I have these!" She lifted her tank top to reveal a fully developed chest. "Very good," said her embarrassed mother. "Is it because I'm blonde, mommy?" "No Honey, it's because you're 19!"
A blonde walks in on her boyfriend cheating on her She pulls out a gun and says: I'm done with you!  Boyfriend: Calm down, calm down. We can settle this with words.  The blonde puts the gun to her head  Boyfriend: What do you think you're doing?  Blonde: Don't  worry, you're next.  
Why did the dumb blonde have a bruise near her belly button? Because blonde men are dumb too. 
A blonde pushes her BMW into a gas station. She tells the mechanic it died. After he works on it for a few minutes, it is idling smoothly. She says, 'What's the story?'   He replies, 'Just crap in the carburetor'   She asks, 'How often do I have to do that?'  
Blonde Cook MONDAY: The recipe for today is angel food cake. You have to beat 12 eggs separately, so I'm lucky the neighbors had some extra bowls to let me borrow.  TUESDAY: Fruit salad supper, serve without dressing. I didn't get dressed at all, as per recipe, and what a surprise when my boyfriend brought his friends home for supper.  WEDNESDAY: Rice pilaf, wash thoroughly before steaming the rice. I took a good bath and washed very thoroughly, even between my toes. The taste of the rice was same as last time for some reason, so washing doesn't seem to help.  THURSDAY: New salad recipe for a change. Prepare ingredients by laying a bed of lettuce one hour before serving. I was rolling around in the garden laying on the lettuce heads for one hour and then I got sunburned.   FRIDAY: Being Friday, it's great to try some treats, so today it's time to make cookies. The recipe calls for placing the ingredients in a bowl and beat it. I beat it to the grocery store to pick up some more milk, came back, but nothing happened to the ingredients I placed in the bowl. I ended up throwing the whole thing out, what a waste.   SATURDAY: My boyfriend's parents came to our house and stayed for dinner. I wanted to serve roast but we only had hamburgers in the freezer. I put the hamburgers in the oven, and set the dial to roast. Unfortunately, the taste was still almost exactly like hamburger, just a bit roasted.   This has been a great time cooking and I'm having a lot of fun. I can't wait until we buy a new and much bigger oven, because I want to surprise my boyfriend with chocolate mousse. 
Why did the blonde chef think she was depressed? Because she cried every day when chopping onions. 
A blonde woman was speeding down the road in her little red sports car and was pulled over by a woman police officer, who was also a blonde.The blonde cop asked to see the blonde driver's license. She dug through her purse and was getting progressively more agitated. "What does it look like?" she finally asked. The policewoman replied, "It's square and it has your picture on it."   The driver finally found a square mirror in her purse, looked at it and handed it to the policewoman. "Here it is," she said. The blonde officer looked at the mirror, then handed it back saying, "OK, you can go. I didn't realize you were a cop..."
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette... ...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek. The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.' The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.' The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.' The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.'
Two lawyers are in a bar, and see a hot blonde sitting alone One of the lawyers looks at her and says "Boy, I'd love to fuck her."   The second lawyer looked over and responded, "out of what?"
A young blonde woman fears her husband is having an affair.. so she goes to a shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. The hysterical blonde tells her husband: "Shut up ... you're next!"
A Brunette Asking A Blonde Brunette: "Where were you born?"  Blonde: "The United States."  Brunette: "Which part?"  Blonde: "My whole body."
My blonde wife came home yesterday... and said, "Honey, the car won't start, but I know what the problem is."  I asked her what it was and she told me it had water in the carburettor. I though for a moment, then said, "You know I don't mean this badly, but you're not mechanically inclined. You don't know the carburettor from the radiator."  "No, there's definitely water in the carburettor," she insisted.  "Ok, honey, that's fine, I'll just go take a look. Where is it?"  "In the lake."
Another blonde joke Did you hear about the blonde who cracked her iPhone screen but couldn't understand why it wouldn't come up when she took a screen shot of her phone ���� 
What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair brown? Artificial Intelligence 
BLONDE FLIGHT ATTENDANT The flight crew all showed up on time, all except for one brand-new stewardess. They called the hotel and she answered the phone, sobbing. “I can’t get out of my room,” she cried. “What... Why not? There are only three doors in this room. One is the bathroom, one is the closet, and the other way has a sign hanging on it that says, ‘Do Not Disturb'.”
How do you know a blonde has been on your PC There is typex all over the screen
"I'll have a cheeseburger with a large coke," The blonde girl requested. "Excuse me miss, this is a library."   ^^"I'll ^^have ^^a ^^cheeseburger ^^with ^^a ^^large ^^coke," she whispered.
There's a blond and a brunette in a car... The brunette is driving while the blonde is in the passenger seat. They're going down a steep hill when the brunette realizes that the brakes don't work. The brunette tells the blonde that the brakes don't work and they will drive off the side of the cliff because they will fail to stop. The blonde then replies, "Don't worry! There's a stop sign ahead."
Three blond men are walking down the street... and they see what appears to be shit on the sidewalk. So all three walk up to it.  The first man bends down and puts his eye into it and says, "Looks like shit."  The second man bends down and puts his nose into it and says, "Smells like shit"  The third man bends over and licks it and says, "Tastes like shit. It is a good thing that we didn't step in it!"
A blond woman gets on a plane... She sits down in the first class. A steward, - who has seen her ticket at the entrance - approaches her very politely and ask if he could see her ticket once more. The woman hands it to him. The steward sees that it is for the Economy class and says nicely: - Madam, your ticket is not for the first class, but for the Economy. Would you please proceed to the back?  The woman stands up and says quite loudly: - I am blond, I am going on holiday to Miami and I will stay here! - And she sits back. The steward is in a kind of a shock, so he walks to the co-pilot and tells him what happened. The co-pilot walks also to the woman and says: - Madam, if I understood well, you ticket is for the Economy Class. You must proceed to the back, this area is first class. The woman stands up and says quite loudly: - I am blond, I am going on holiday to Miami and I will stay here! - And she sits back. Well, the co-pilot can't force her either, so they go together with the steward to the pilot and tell him about the situation. The pilot chuckles a little and answers very calmly: - Let me talk to her. I understand blond women, my wife is also blond. So he walks to the woman as the steward and the co-pilot are curiously watching.  He leans down to her and whispers something in her ears. The woman stands up immediately and walks to the back of the plane. The steward and the co-pilot are in shock. They run to the pilot and ask him: - What did you possibly say to her? The pilot just smiles and says: - I told her the First Class isn't going to Miami.
A Blond goes to work in tears.  A blonde goes to work in tears. Her boss asks, "What's wrong?" She says, "My mom died." He told her to go home, but she said, "No, I'll be fine." Later that day, her boss finds her crying again. He says, "What's wrong?" She replies, "I just talked to my sister, and her mom died, too!"
[Blonde Joke] Two blondes are walking in the forest and they come across some tracks. They start arguing about what animal they belong to. In the middle of their heated argument they got run over by a train.
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead rob a bank.. A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead decide to rob a bank. Everything goes well-they have their masks on, the bank hands over the money-awesome.  Exiting the bank, they hear sirens and see several cop cars round the corner, so they dash into a small alleyway.  The cops are quick though, and are just about to reach the entrance. There are three empty potato sacks lying against the wall.  "Quick! Hide!" The brunette says, and the three women each crawl into a bag.  A police man comes down the alleyway, looking around for any signs of the women. The potato sacks stick out to him-so he gives the one with the redhead a kick.  "Meow!" goes the redhead, doing her best imitation of a cat.  "Just an alley cat..." The police officer mumbles, moving onto the next bag and delivering a quick nudge with his foot.   "Woof!" Goes the brunette, imitating a dog.  "Just a stray..." The officer mumbles again, heading to the last bag, and giving it a light kick.  "POOOOE-TAYYY-TOOOEE" grunts the blonde.  _____  Edited to meet popular demand.  For those who don't get the joke, the redhead and brunette both mimic things that might be in an alleyway-a cat and a stray dog. The blonde however wonders "What would be in a potato sack? Potatoes!" and thus tries to blend in by announcing herself as a potato.  Edit Edit: I'm blond. I can make these jokes.
A blonde walks into a bar... And orders a beer. He was visiting that city from a different state and the 'regulars' to that bar liked to play tricks on the new people. So after the blonde has drank the beer, he goes out and finds his motorcycle missing. So he comes back in and says, "Look guys, I'm going to have another drink. If I go back out and my motorcycle isn't back, I'll have to do what I did in Houston. And I didn't like what I had to do in Houston." So he has a drink, and when he goes out, the motorcycle is back. The bartender says, "Wait!" He walks up to him and says,"What did you do in Houston?" The blonde replies,"I had to walk home."
A blonde Redditor wants to get married... But she is not a very sociable person, so she doesn't think anyone will marry her. She is young and attractive, and she knows to get all her advice from the Internet, so she figures she can learn enough to become smart, and surely someone will want to marry her. Her only requirement is that her future husband will be able to take care of her when she gets old.  So she walks into a bar and sees a man in scrubs. *Perfect,* she thinks. *Someone in the medical field. I want him.*  So the two get to chatting, and he tells her that he is a doctor whose wife has just left him, and he is depressed because he is also afraid of being alone. The blonde practically trips over herself to offer to run off to Vegas and get married that very weekend.  "Well, not so fast," says the doctor. "I have one requirement: I have to marry someone smart. I'm not so sure about you."  But the blonde swells up with pride. "I am smart! I just spent the last six months cramming myself with information on Reddit!"  The doctor grins. "Okay, let's see what you've got." So he pulls out his phone and proceeds to quiz the blonde.  "So there was this Pokemon loving guy who wanted to get a tattoo--"  "And he gave himself a terrible Charizard tattoo and now everyone in the world has seen it. Pfft."  "Okay," the doctor said. He scrolls on. "So a man was in prison and his wife wanted to plow her--"  "And federal agents come and plow the field looking for the bodies. You're an amateur at this."  "Fair enough." He scrolls down again. "What group did the CEO of Reddit get caught trolling?"  "The Donald. Can we get married now?"  The doctor smiled. "You know, you may be blonde, but I can tell you're a girl that strives to overcome. I think our marriage will be really fun!"  The bar erupts in cheers, and the bartender pours the couple a drink on the house. The doctor goes to put away his phone, but something on the screen catches his attention, and his eyes go wide.  "Did you know Steve Buscemi was a firefighter on 9/11?!"  The blonde rolls her eyes. "Yes. Everyone knows that. You know, I don't think this is going to work." She gets up to leave.  "Wait, what did I say? We were having a lovely conversation!"  "I can do better than you," says the blonde. "I need someone that is going to be able to take care of me. I've never even heard of a doctor that doesn't know what 9-1-1 is."
A blonde was riding a taxi when... ...the taxi driver thought that his parking lights were broken. The taxi driver then told the blonde to go to the back and tell him if it was working or not.  The taxi driver asked " Is it working?"  The blonde replied "Yes. No. Yes. No. Yes. No. Yes No."  
What do you call a track meet full of blond people? The Aryan Race.
A blond goes to the doctor 'Everything looks fine miss.', 'And, I guess you have been taking your 9oclock pill?'  'I took them at 6oclock.'  'Why?'  'I wanted to surprise the bacteria.'
How do you make a blonde laugh at Easter? Tell her a joke at Christmas
A BLONDE &amp; HER THERMOS A blonde notices that her coworker has a thermos, so she asks him what it's for. He responds, "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold."  The blonde immediately buys one for herself. The next day, she goes to work and proudly displays it.  Her coworker asks, "What do you have in it?"  She replies, "Soup and ice cream."
Blonde gets a new job A blonde walks into the job interview, and the boss says to her, "Alright, this is a pretty easy job. Basically, all you have to do is paint a dotted  line down the middle of the road. Your minimum distance you should paint each day is 2 miles. Do you think you can do that?"  "Absolutely," the blonde replies.  So the first day of the blonde's new job comes and she starts painting. By the end of the day, she painted 4 miles worth of lines down the road. The boss is extremely impressed with her hard work.  The 2nd day comes and the blonde starts painting. By the end of the day, she painted 2 miles worth of road. The boss is slightly dissapointed that she didnt do as much as the day before, but still happy, as she met her quota.  The 3rd day comes and the blonde starts painting. By the end of the day, she only painted 1 mile worth of road. The boss is now unhappy, and calls her into the office. The boss says frustratingly, "You were doing so well! What happened? Why did you get worse each day?"  "Well it was pretty easy at first, but each day I started getting farther and farther from the bucket..."
How did the blonde die drinking milk? The cow fell on her.
Blonde goes to the gynecologist A blonde goes into the gynecologist. When he asks her what the problem is she replies, "Something is extremely wrong. I keep finding postage stamps from Costa Rica in my vagina!"   He takes a look and laughs, "Dear, those aren't stamps. Those are stickers from the bananas.”  
A businessman sits next to a blonde on a plane... It's going to be a long flight so he turns to her and tries to make small talk, but she ignores him best she can. After trying several times, he finally says "It's going to be a long flight, we may as well get to know one another. Why don't we play a game?" She seems uninterested, so he makes it more interesting. "Tell you what" he says, "I'll ask you a question and if you can't answer, you give me five bucks. Then You can ask me a question and if I can't answer it, I'll give you fifty bucks." She shrugged her shoulders and reluctantly agrees. "Great!" the businessman exclaims. "You can go first." The blonde turns to him and asks, "What goes up a hill with four legs and comes down with five?" He scratches his head and begins thinking intently on the question. She pulls out her pillow and turns toward the window, dozing off. The businessman continues to wrack his brain, trying to think of the answer. He calls his office and puts his secretary on it. He also pulls out his laptop and googles the odd question; he can't seem to find anything. His secretary hasn't found anything either. The captain comes over the radio and announces that they will be landing shortly. The businessman gently nudges the blonde and reluctantly pulls a crisp fifty dollar bill out of his wallet. "This is the most ridiculous question I have ever heard." She takes the money, stuffs it in her purse, and turns back toward the window. "Hold on now!" cries the businessman. "It's my turn to ask a question." She turns back to him and he asks without hesitation, "What goes up a hill with four legs and comes down with five?" The blonde reaches into her purse, hands him a five dollar bill, and turns back to the window to doze off again.
Why did the blonde snort Nutrasweet? Because she thought it was Diet Coke
A blonde, a redhead and a brunette are on a desert island. The blonde, starts swimming home and drowns. The redhead builds a raft, starts paddling then it sinks and she drowns. The brunette uses the bridge.
A blonde is driving down a one way street. As all the cars are passing her a cop see's this and pulls her over. He begins to ask, "Excuse me ma'm but do you know where your going?" The blonde, "No but it must be a horrible place because eveyone is leaving."
Winning Blonde !!! A beautiful blonde walks into a casino and over to a soda machine and arrives there just before a business man who's come to quench his thirst. She opens her purse and puts in 50 cents , studies the machine , presses the Diet Coke selection , and out comes a Diet coke , which she places on a counter by the machine. Then she reaches in her purse again and pulls out a dollar and inserts it in the machine.Studying the machine carefully, she presses the button for coca cola classic and out came a coke classic and 50 cents change.She takes the 50 cents and puts it in the machine , studies for a moment , and presses the sprite button.Out comes a sprite. As she is reaching into her purse again , the business man who has been waiting patiently for several minutes,speaks up"Excuse me miss , but are you done yet?" She looks at him and indignantly replies,"Well, Duh! I'm like , still winning!"
A blonde has sharp pains in her side...    She goes to the hospital. The doctor examines her and says, "You have acute appendicitis."  The blonde says, "That's sweet, doc, but I came here to get medical help."
Q: Why couldn't the blonde add 10 + 5 on a calculator? A: She couldn't find the "10" button.
Blonde father A blonde guy and a brunette girl were happily married and about to have a baby.  One day, the wife started having contractions, so the husband rushed her to the hospital. He held her hand as she went through a trying birth. In the end, there were two little baby boys.  The blonde guy turned to his wife and angrily said, “All right, who’s the other father?”
I never understood blonde girl jokes May be because i am blonde?
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back. 
Why can't a blonde dial 911 She can't find the eleven.   Not sure if someone already posted this joke but a friend told me so I had to post it.
Blonde by a river So, a blonde is walking next to a river, and she sees another blonde on the other side.  So, she yells, "Hey, how do you get on the other side of the river?"  The other blonde yells back, "You're already ON the other side of the river!"
A redhead tells her blonde stepsister, "I slept with a Brazilian...." The blonde replies, "Oh my God! You slut! How many is a *brazilian*?"
A blonde is taking a trip by airplane. Over the speaker the captain addresses the passengers saying, "Folks, it seems one of our four engines is having difficulties. We are going to have to shut it down. There is nothing to worry about, this will just add an hour to our flight. Thank you for your patience."  The blonde looks out the window at the engines attached to the wing, shrugs and goes back to reading a magazine.  A little while later the captain's voice comes through the speakers, "Folks, again I apologize but one of our three remaining engines has stalled and can't start. Nothing to worry about, it just adds an extra two hours to our flight time. Thank you for your patience."  The blonde looks around again, with a frown before returning to the magazine.  An hour later the captain comes on the speakers again, "Everyone, I am unhappy to announce one of our two remaining engines is having difficulties and I need to shut it down for the remainder of the flight. There is nothing to worry about, this just adds another four hours to our flight time. Thank you for your patience."  The blonde sighs unhappily and turns to the old lady sitting in the next seat. "I really hope that last engine doesn't stop or we'll be stuck up here forever!"  
Where do all blonde jokes come from? Brunettes sitting around on a Saturday night.
A blonde, redhead, and a brunette are all in the 9th Grade. Which one is the sexiest? The blonde because she is the only one who is 18.
Life With A Blonde Teenager… SCENE: My teenage daughter and me in the car.  Lauren: Dad, do you know what the most commonly used letter in a girl’s name is?  Me: Hmm, is it a consonant or a vowel? (Silence.) Please tell me you know what consonants and vowels are.  Lauren: You’re no fun, Dad. Forget it.  Me: What is a vowel?  Lauren: OK, OK. A vowel is … ahh … eh … well, oh … uh …  Me: Close enough.
A blonde, brunette, and red head are all spies and are caught behind enemy lines. They are all tied up in front of a firing squad.  As they are about to shoot the brunette yells "Tornado! Tornado!" All of the men run off to wait the tornado out and the brunette manages to escape.  Seeing what she had done the red head devises her own plan and when they return she yells "Earthquake! Earthquake!" Again all of the men scatter to wait it out and the red head escapes.  The blonde, being the genius she is, devises her own plan. As soon as the men return she yells "Fire! Fire!"
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette walk into a bar. They're all underage, and hence, they have fake ID's.  The bartender see them and knows they are underage, so he call the cops.  The redhead informs the girls that the bartender has called the cops and they have to leave.  They run out the back door and see a barn.  Inside, the redhead notices 3 potato sacks on the floor.  She tells the girls to each hide in a potato sack.  The police then arrive in the bar, and the bartender takes them out back to look around.  They go into the barn and look everywhere.  One cop says "They might be in those potato sacks".  He kicks the first one containing the redhead and hears "Woof, woof". "That's a dog" he thinks to himself.  He kicks the second bag containing the brunette and hears "Meow, meow". "Well that must be a cat" he thinks.  Finally, he kicks the last bag containing the blonde and hears in a slow voice "po...ta...to...es!"
What did a blonde say to a blond? Hey I know you!
Three women: a brunette, a blonde, and a redhead are having a debate "What do you think is the cause of the jump in gas prices?"  The brunette: "Not enough stock"  The redhead: "More demand"  The blonde: "The late great Abraham Lincoln"
What do you call an intelligent blonde? A Labrador.
Whats the difference between a blonde girl and a mosquito? When you smack a mosquito it stops sucking.
BLONDE'S STARTING SALARY A boss tells a blonde applicant, "I'll give you $8 an hour, starting today, and in three months, I'll raise it to $10 an hour. So when would you like to start?" She replies, "In three months."
Blonde Joke gone bad Brother: Why did the blonde climb over the transparent glass wall?  Sister: I don't know, why?  Brother: To see what was on the other side.  Sister: Pause. *Confused Look.* Wait.. but.. why didn't she just walk around it?
Blonde Bellybutton Why was the Blonde's bellybutton bruised?  Her husband was a blonde too! :D
The Blonde Student The handsome blonde college stud was sitting in poly sci, doing his best to not attract attention, when something went wrong. The professor actually called on him! "Biff, please tell the class about the Roe versus Wade decision." He searched his memory, but found that his legal information was lacking. So, like a true blonde, he responded, "Uh, I believe that's the decision George Washington made before crossing the Delaware?"
What do you call a smart Blonde? A Golden Retriever
A brunette, a redhead and a blonde (All kids) are planning their future. The brunette says: "I'm gonna go to Mars!"; The redhead says: "Well I'm gonna go to Saturn!"; Then the blonde says: " I'm gonna go to the sun then!"; And both the brunette and the redhead say: "But you are going to die by the heat!"; And the blonde replies: "I'm gonna go at nightime, duh"
A man sees a blonde across the river. Man: How do I get to the other side?  Blonde: You are on the other side.
A blonde calls airport. "How long does it take to fly to London?"  "Just a sec," says the rep.  "Thank you." says the blonde and hangs up.
Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch. Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble. In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull so that they can breed their own stock. The brunette balances their checkbook, then takes their last $600 dollars out west to another ranch where a man has a prize bull for sale. Upon leaving, she tells her sister, "When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home." The brunette arrives at the man’s ranch, inspects the bull, and decides she does want to buy it. The man tells her that he can sell it for $599, no less. After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news. She walks into the telegraph office, and says, "I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pick-up truck and drive out here so we can haul it home." The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, "It’s just 99 cents a word." Well, with only $1 left after paying for the bull, the brunette realizes that she’ll only be able to send her sister one word. After thinking for a few minutes, she nods, and says, “I want you to send her the word, 'comfortable.'” The telegraph operator shakes his head. "How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pick-up truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her the word, 'comfortable'?" The brunette explains, "My sister’s blonde. She’ll read it slow."""
Why is blond crawling in the Walmart? She is looking for low prices!
What do you call a blonde female driver? Room 52E, at the downtown hopsital
What do you call a blonde with brown hair? artificial intelligence
A man was in his front yard mowing grass when his attractive blonde female !! A man was in his front yard mowing grass when his attractive blonde female neighbor came out of the house and went straight to the mail box.  She opened it, slammed it shut, and stormed back in the house.  A little later she came out of her house and again went to the mail box and again opened it, then slammed it shut again. Angrily, back into the house she went.  As the man was getting ready to edge the lawn, here she came out again, marched to the mail box, opened it and then slammed it closed harder than ever.  Puzzled by her actions the man asked her, “Is something wrong?”  To which she replied, “There certainly is! My stupid computer keeps giving me a message saying, “YOU’VE GOT MAIL!”
A Blonde's Password During a recent password audit, it was found that a blonde was using the following password: "MickeyMinniePlutoHueyLouieDeweyDonaldGoofySacramento". When asked why she had such a long password, she said she was told that it had to be at least 8 characters long and include at least one capital.
How did the blonde die while raking leaves? She fell out of a tree
A Blonde in a Cornfield A blonde was on her way home from work when she saw a fellow blonde rowing a canoe in the middle of a cornfield. Outraged she pulls her car over and runs to the side of the road closest to where the canoe is. At the top of her lungs she yells "HEY! IT'S BLONDES LIKE YOU THAT GIVE US BLONDES A BAD NAME. YOU'RE LUCKY YOU'VE GOT A BOAT, BECAUSE IF I KNEW HOW TO SWIM, I'D COME OUT THERE AND KICK YOUR ASS!!!"
The blonde reported for her University final examination ... A blonde reported for her University final examination which consists of "yes/no" type questions. She takes her seat in the examination hall, stares at the question paper for five minutes, and then in a fit of inspiration takes her purse out, removes a coin and starts tossing the coin and marking the answer sheet - Yes for Heads and No for Tails. Within half an hour she is all done whereas the rest of the class is sweating it out.  During the last few minutes, she is seen desperately throwing the coin, swearing and sweating.  The moderator, alarmed, approaches her and asks what is going on.  "I finished the exam in half and hour. But, she says, I am rechecking my answers." 
There are only Two blonde jokes! All the rest are true!
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead were trapped on an island... A blonde, a brunette and a redhead were trapped on an island and the only way to escape to civilization was to swim off the island.  The brunette decides she will go first, she swims 1/4 of the way there, gets exhausted and drowns.  The redhead decides to go next a bit more athletic is able to swim 1/2 the way there but gets exhausted and drowns.  Finally the blonde takes her turn, swims 3/4 of the way there. She begins to feel tired so swims back! 
A blond, a brunette, and a redhead are stranded on a desert island. One day a bottle washes up and of course there is a genie in it who pops out and grants them one wish each. The brunette says " that's easy - I wish to go home" and POOF her wish was granted.   The redhead is next and says "I wish I was at home" and POOF her wish is granted.   The genie looks at the blond and she says  "I can't decide... I wish my friends were here to help me..."
Why can't a blonde dial 911? She can't find the eleven 
A Blonde is driving in her car and turns on the radio. It says that 2 Brazilian men were killed.  She starts crying and says, "How many is a Brazilian?"
A blonde has a BS in Science... Bullshit, isn't it?
Why did the blonde wear condoms on her ears? So she wouldn't get hearing aids.
Hear about the blonde terrorist who tried to blow up a bus Burned her lips on the exhaust pipe
The blonde tip-toed near the medicine cabinet so that she wouldn't wake up the sleeping pills. This is not a joke, ambien serious!
What do you call a blonde with 2 brain cells? Pregnant.
Tired of constant blonde jokes, a blonde dyes her hair brown. She goes for a drive in the country and sees a shepherd herding his sheep across the road.  "Hey, shepherd, if I guess how many sheep are here, can I keep one?" she asks.   The shepherd agrees. She blurts out, "352!"  The shepherd is stunned but keeps his word and allows her to pick a sheep.  "I'll take this one," she says proudly. "It's the cutest!"  "Hey lady," says the shepherd. "If I guess your real hair color, can I have my dog back?"  
How do you get a blonde to go on the roof? Tell her that drinks are on the house. 
BodyBuilder and a Blonde The body builder takes off his shirt and the blonde says, 'What a great chest you have!'  He tells her, 'That's 100 lbs. of dynamite, baby.'  He takes off his pants and the blonde says, 'What massive calves you have!'  The body builder tells her, 'That's 100 lbs. of dynamite, baby.'  He then removes his underwear, and the blonde goes running out of the apartment screaming in fear.  The body builder puts his clothes back on and chases after her. He catches up to her and asks why she ran out of the apartment like that.  The blonde replies, 'I was afraid to be around all that dynamite after I saw how short the fuse was
A young blonde woman fears her husband is having........ A young blonde woman fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. The hysterical blonde tells her husband: "Shut up ... you're next!"
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant
A redhead, a brunette, and a blonde... A redhead, a brunette, and a blonde are being chased by a serial killer, they run into a barn and hide in three sacks of potatoes. The killer walks up to the first bag and shakes it. "Meow meow" goes the brunette. "Just a dumb cat." The killer thinks out loud. He goes to the second bag and shakes it. "Arf arf" goes the redhead. "Just a dumb dog." Says the killer. He goes to the third bag and shakes it.  "Potato potato!" Yells the blonde.
3 blonde girls is at the side of a river And they're trying to get to the village on the other side  1 blond girl ask god to make her smart,so god turn her into a brunette and she swims across the river  the other girl ask god to make her smarter than the girl that just swam,so god make her into a redhead and she built a raft and paddle across  The last girl ask god to make her smarter than the other two girls,so god make her a man and he uses the bridge
Blond wins A red head, a brunette and a blonde were walking in a park. The red head noticed a dead bird stuck in a tree. And yelled to the girls look a dead bird. The brunette looked real hard on the ground. Scanned the soil around her completely. Still nothing. The blonde however looked up and instantaneously noticed the bird.  
A young blonde woman is distraught... because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''
A priest, a blonde, and an Irishman walk into a bar And all open this Reddit post comments to see who the real jokes are
There aws a blond sitting next to a man on an airplane About 1 hr. into the flight the pilot comes on and says over the intercom, "One of our four engines is out, we will be about fifteen minutes late arriving."   About 30 min. later the pilot comes on the  intercom again and say "There is a second  engine out, we will be about 30 min. late."  Fifteen minutes after that the pilot comes on again and says "I'm sorry to say that there is a third engine out, we'll be about 1 hr. late  arriving at our destination."   The blond turns to the man and says "Man if that forth engine goes out, we'll be up here all day." 
What do you call a blonde with half a brain? Gifted
Life With A Blonde Teenager… SCENE: My teenage daughter and me in the car.  Lauren: Dad, do you know what the most commonly used letter in a girl’s name is?  Me: Hmm, is it a consonant or a vowel? (Silence.) Please tell me you know what consonants and vowels are.  Lauren: You’re no fun, Dad. Forget it.  Me: What is a vowel?  Lauren: OK, OK. A vowel is … ahh … eh … well, oh … uh …  Me: Close enough.
Blind Cowboys and Blond Bikers (Long) An old blind cowboy wanders into an all-girl biker bar by mistake... He finds his way to a bar stool and orders a shot of Jack Daniels. After sitting there for a while, he yells to the bartender, 'Hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?' The bar immediately falls absolutely silent. In a very deep, husky voice, the woman next to him says, 'Before you tell that joke, Cowboy, I think it is only fair, given that you are blind, that you should know five things: 1) The bartender is a blonde girl with a baseball bat. 2) The bouncer is a blonde girl with a 'Billy-Club'. 3) I'm a 6-foot tall, 175-pound blonde woman with a black belt in karate. 4) The woman sitting next to me is blonde and a professional weight lifter. 5) The lady to your right is blonde and a professional wrestler. 'Now, think about it seriously, Cowboy.... Do you still wanna tell that blonde joke?' The blind cowboy thinks for a second, shakes his head and mutters, 'No...not if I'm gonna have to explain it five times............'
Why did the blonde start rubbing toothpaste on her vagina? She heard it helps reduce cavities.
Hear about the blonde who got fired from her quality control job at the M&amp;M factory? She was throwing away the Ws. 
A redhead tells her blonde step-sister that she slept with a Brazilian... ...and she replies with "Omg! You slut! How many is a brazilian?"
What did the cool, beautiful, and popular blonde girl get dressed for? The shalloween party.
A girl asked her blonde mom "Mom, What's 6 times 8?" Her mom said, "Oh sweetie, those are two completely different numbers."
What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you? Run like hell, she's got a grenade in her mouth
What do you call a Redhead who dyes her hair Blonde? TransGinger
Just Another Blonde Joke A guy was sitting on his porch one day when he saw 2 blondes working hard at the end of the street. One would dig a hole and the other would fill it in immediately after it was finished. This went on for about 2 hours until he walked over and said "Hey, you two are working pretty hard there, but I don't understand what you are trying to achieve?" To which one of the blondes replied "Well there's usually 3 of us, but the one who plants the trees is off sick today".
[Blonde] What is a blonde with a brain called? I'll tell you when I discover one.
A Blonde Drives Past a Wheat Field A blonde woman is driving past a wheat field, when she sees another blonde in the wheat field in a rowboat just rowing like mad. She drives past, but as she gets farther away, she becomes irate and drives back to the wheat field. She jumps out of the car and yells, "You know, it's blondes like you that give us other blondes a bad reputation, and if I could swim, I'd come out there and kick your ass!"
A drunk blonde woman was sitting at a bar says to the barman, A drunk blonde woman was sitting at a bar says to the barman, "Barfender, I'd like a marhini for my heartburn." The barman mixes her drink and puts in down in front of her. A few minutes later, she calls him over and says, "Barfender, I'd like a marhini for my heartburn." He rolls his eyes but mixes her drink anyway and sets it down in front of her. A few minutes later, she waves him over again and says, "Barfender, I'd like a marhini for my heartburn." The barman looks her up and down and says, "First off, it's bartender, not barfender. Second off, it's martini, not marhini. And third, you don't have heartburn, your boob is in the ashtray."   
Smart blonde joke Three women go down to Mexico one night to celebrate college graduation.  They get drunk and wake up in jail, only to find that they are to be executed in the morning – though none of them can remember what they did the night before.    The first one, a redhead, is strapped in the electric chair and is asked if she has any last words.  She says, “I just graduated from Trinity Bible College and believe in the almighty power of God to intervene on the behalf of the innocent.”  They throw the switch and nothing happens.  They all immediately fall to the floor on their knees, beg for forgiveness, and release her.     The second one, a brunette, is strapped in and gives her last words.  “I just graduated from the Harvard School of Law and I believe in the power of justice to intervene on the part of the innocent.”  They throw the switch and again, nothing happens.  Again they all immediately fall to their knees, beg for forgiveness and release her.     The last one, a blonde, is strapped in and says, “Well, I’m from the University of Texas and just graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering, and I’ll tell ya right now, ya’ll ain’t gonna electrocute nobody if you don’t plug this thing in.”
A blonde teenager wanting to earn some extra money... A blonde  teenager, wanting to earn some extra money for the summer, decided to hire  herself out as a "handy-woman"  She started  canvassing a nearby well-to-do neighborhood. She went to the front door of the  first house, and asked the owner if he had any odd jobs for her to  do.  "Well, I guess I  could use somebody to paint my porch," he said, "How much will you charge  me?"  Delighted, the  girl quickly responded, "How about $50?"  The man agreed and told her that the paint brushes and everything she would need was in the garage.  The man's wife, hearing the conversation said to her husband, "Does she realize that our porch  goes ALL the way around the house?"  He responded, "That's a bit cynical, isn't it?"  The wife replied, "You're right. I guess I'm starting to believe all those dumb blonde jokes we've been getting by email lately."  Later that day, the blonde teenager came to the door to collect her money. "You're finished  already?" the startled husband asked.  "Yes, she replied, and I even had paint left over, so I gave it two coats."   Impressed, the man reached into his pocket for the $50.00 and handed it to her along with a $10.00 tip.  “And, by the way," the teenager added, "it's not a Porch, it's a Lexus."
A brunette, a redhead, and a blonde were being chased by the police... As they were running they saw some sacks, and so they hid in them. When the police got to the first sack, which the brunette was in. He kicked it and the brunette said "woof!" And the police thought it was a dog so he went to the second sack, which the redhead was in. He kicked that one and the redhead said "meow!" Thinking it was a cat, the police went to the third sack, which the blonde was in. He kicked it and the blonde said "potatoooo" the blonde was arrested, and the brunette and redhead got away.
A blonde woman decides to start a handyman service to make some extra money. She walks around a wealthy neighbourhood and walks up to the first house.  A man answers the door and she asks if there is anything she can do. He tells her "The porch needs painting, how much would that cost?"  She replies "How does $50 sound?" He agrees and she gets to work.  When the man goes back into his house his wife asks him "Does she know the porch wraps around the house?" He tells her "She has to, she saw it."  About an hour later she comes to the door to collect her money. She says "I had extra paint so I put on two coats." The man is really impressed and gives her the money. She thanks him and says "And by the way, it's a BMW, not a porch."
A blonde had just started a job felling trees for a local contractor When the day was over the contractor visited to see she'd only chopped down one tree. The contractor asked the blonde what was wrong. "This saws no good boss, I worked all day but could only do one tree." "Let me take a look" Says the contractor as he starts up the chainsaw.  The blonde looks startled, what's that noise boss?
So a blonde walks into a electronics store She says "can I buy this TV" The clerk says no, "we dont sell to blonds's" So she buys a redhead wig and goes back into the store she says "can I buy this TV" the clerk says "we dont sell to blonde's" So she buys a brunette wig and goes into the store She says, "can I buy this TV" The clerk says, "No, we dont sell to blonde's" The blonde says "how do you know I'm a blonde" The clerk says "Because thats a microwave" 
There's a blonde in the middle of a Kansas field in a rowboat... just rowing her heart out. Another blonde driving by sees this, pulls over, gets out, and yells "You know it's blondes like you that make us all look dumb! If I could swim I'd come out there and beat your ass!"
Blonde paint job A blonde, wanting to earn some money, decided to hire herself out as a handyman-type and started canvassing a wealthy neighborhood. She went to the front door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do.  "Well, you can paint my porch. How much will you charge?" The blonde said, "How about 50 dollars?" The man agreed and told her that the paint and ladders that she might need were in the garage. The man's wife, inside the house, heard the conversation and said to her husband, "Does she realize that the porch goes all the way around the house?" The man replied, "She should. She was standing on the porch."  A short time later, the blonde came to the door to collect her money. "You're finished already?" he asked. "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats. "Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50. "And by the way," the blonde added, "that's not a Porch, it's a Ferrari."
What did the blonde customer say to the waitress taking her order? (reads her nametag) "Debbie, that's cute. What did you name the other one?"
A young blonde woman A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''
Blonde joke in a bar.. A blind guy on a bar stool shouts to the bartender, "Wanna hear a blonde joke?" In a hushed voice, the guy next to him says, "Before you tell that joke, you should know something." "Our bartender is blonde, the bouncer is blonde. I'm a 6' tall, 200 lb black belt. The guy sitting next to me is 6'2", weighs 225, and he's a rugby player. The fella to your right is 6'5" pushing 300 and he's a wrestler. Each one of us are blonde. Think about it, Mister. Do you still wanna tell that joke?" The blind guy says, "Nah, not if I'm gonna have to explain it five times."
This brunette is telling her blonde friend how she only sleeps with Brazilian men Her blonde friend asked her "oh that's sexy, how many is a Brazilian?" 
What do you call a blonde with pigtails? You call her a woman, you chauvinist pig.
A blonde goes out for a joy ride in the country.. As she's driving she looks over into the corn field and sees another blonde in a row boat trying to row across the field.   Infuriated she pulls over and yells to the blonde in the boat, "you know, it's dumb blondes like you who give us intelligent blondes a bad name! I'm half tempted to swim out there and kick your ass!!"
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are sitting in the first grade, who has the biggest boobs? The blonde, because she's 18.
Back in the old Wild West, there were two blonde cowpokes, Jeff and Dave. One day, the two were enjoying a strong drink in the local saloon, when a man walked into the bar with an Indian's head under his arm.  The barman shakes his hand and says, "I hate Indians, last week they burnt my barn to the ground, assaulted my wife and killed my children." He then says, "If any man brings me the head of an Indian, I'll give him one thousand dollars." The two blondes looked at each other and walked out of the bar to go hunting for an Indian. They were walking around for a while when suddenly they saw one; Jeff threw a rock which hit the Indian right on the head. The Indian fell off his horse, but landed seventy feet down a ravine.  The two blondes made their way down the ravine where Dave pulled out a knife to claim their trophy. Suddenly, Jeff said, "Dave, take a look at this." Dave replied, "Not now, I'm busy." Jeff tugged him on the shoulder and says, "I really think you should look at this." Dave said, "Look, you can see I'm busy. There's a thousand dollars in my hand."  But Jeff was adamant.  "Please, Dave, take a look at this." So Dave looked up and saw that standing at the top of the ravine were five thousand red Indians. Dave just shook his head and said, "Oh my God, we're going to be millionaires!"
Blond Brunette and redhead.  All are hair colors right? But what do you call a person with black hair,A blackhead
Blond joke Q: What did the blonde say when she saw the sign for the YMCA? A: "Look, they spelled Macy's wrong!"
A blonde comes back from the golf course, she's despondent. It had been a horrible game. "What was wrong?"  "I *scratched* . . . ON EVERY HOLE!"
Chef blonde Why don't blondes double the amounts in recipes when cooking for more people?   The oven usually doesn't go to 700 degrees.
A blonde girl gets glasses Blonde: "Do you like my glasses?" Nerd: "Why did you get them I thought you had perfect vision?" Blonde: "So I can be smarter, how could you be so dumb?" Nerd: "If they make you smarter than what's 1+1? Blonde: "2! I told you I'm now smart!" Nerd: "Now if you rotate the plus sign 45 degrees either way what's the answer?" Blonde: "What does weather have to do with math it still is going to be 2!"
Blonde Burns A blonde goes to the doctor with burns on both of her ears and her right hand. "Sit down and tell me how it happened," says the doctor. "I was ironing my clothes when I received a call. Instead of picking up the phone, I picked up the iron and burned my ear." "'What about the other ear and your hand?" the doctor asked. She replied, "I tried to call for an ambulance."
So a blonde walks into a library... And stops at the receptionist's desk.  "Hello, one cheeseburger with onions, a side of fries and a coke- no, a diet coke, please!" Says the blonde. The receptionist is shocked; "Ma'am, this is a library..." The blonde quickly notices her mistake "Oh! So sorry" she then begins to whisper "i'd like a cheeseburger with onions, a side of fries and a diet coke"
A blonde 8 year old girl is walking home one day... ... when she finds a welders mask. She thinks to herself "awesome" and puts it on and continues on her walk. A few minutes later a middle aged dude pulls up alongside the little girl and says "Hey kid, nice mask, wanna lift?" The little girl doesn't know any better and decides to take him up on his offer.  So the kid sits in the passenger seat playing with the mask. The guy turns to him and asks "hey... uh.... do you know what sodomy is?" and the kid says "no". They drive for another bit, the kid continues to play with mask and the dude asks "hey do you know what a hand job is?" and the kid says "no". So, again, they drive for another bit and finally the guy asks "hey, do you know what a blow job is?". the kid sighs hard and turns to the guy and says "hey listen, I'm gonna level with you... I'm not a real welder."
The Donald has sex with a cute fourth grade blond girl and gets away with it. Technically, she was over 18 at the time.
Why can't a blonde dial 911? Why can't a blonde dial 911? Because she can't find the eleven.
What is the difference between a female blond and a female mosquito? A female mosquito can raise a family when she is done sucking.
A Blonde, a Brunette and a Redhead Take a Trip to the Desert and Can Only Bring one Item With Them While they are walking through the sand, the redhead says, "I brought a jug of water! In case I get thirsty, I'll drink it." She then looks at the brunette and asks her what she brought.  The brunette says, "I brought a protein bar with me. In case I get hungry, I'll eat it!" She then turns to the blonde and notices that she's carrying a car door. She says, "Why in the world would you bring a car door on a long walk through the desert?!"  The blonde replies, "In case I get hot, I'll just roll down the window!"
Why can't a blonde dial 911? Q: Why can't a blonde dial 911? A: She can't find the eleven.
A BLONDE GAL NAMED TINA PUSHES HER SHOPPING CART UP TO HER BRAND NEW SPORTCAR AND SEES A DENT IN DRIVER SIDE DOOR. Very pissed off she throws her groceries in the trunk and drives straight a body shop. The body shop guy looks at the door and says "Ah lady that's no big deal you can fix that yourself"  "Oh yea" she says "How?"  The body shop guy says "we'll drive the thing home and park it up for 2 hours then go back out to the car come back here to rear end and put your mouth around the tail pipe there and blow.  Dent will pop right out sure as shit."  Tina was very pleased with this answer because she knew that was a job she could do. So she drove straight home, waited for 2 hours and went outside to the car.   After being on her knees for about 15 minutes blowing the tailpipe her neighbor Mary, another blonde, noticed and came out of her house  to see what the hell Tina was doing giving her new sports car a blow job. When gets to the car she says "what ya giving her new car a blow job?"  Tina gets up and tells Mary, "I'm not giving it head Mary I'm trying fix this dent." And she tells Mary all about the debt and what the body shop guy said about blowing tail pipe to get the dent to pop out.   Mary looks at the tail pipe and looks at the driver door and then she looks back at Tina and says:   "Tina you fucking DUMBASS you'll never get the dent to pop with the goddamn drivers side window down." 
Blonde Brain Cells Q: How do blondes' brain cells die?   A: Alone. 
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are stranded on an island... The island is 10 miles from shore and without any other possible way to leave, the woman decide swimming is the only way off. The redhead goes first, she manages to make it 3 miles before she gets tired and drowns. The brunette then goes after, she makes it farther than the redhead but still finds herself tired and drowns five miles away from shore. Finally, it's the blonde's turn. She makes it five miles before feeling and tired and swims back to the island.
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? When you slap a mosquito it stops sucking.
A blonde waitress A blonde waitress at a restaurant is refilling a pepper shaker. She quits half way after sneezing repeatedly and goes up to her manager and her manager says "what's the problem?" She complains to him "I don't think I can refill pepper shakers anymore, I think I'm allergic to pepper!" 
How does a blonde eat a banana? *grabs back of own head and forces mouth down on banana*
Did you hear about the blonde who backed into an airplane propeller? Disaster.
A blonde and a salesman are bored on a plane The salesman says to the blonde "I'm bored let's play a game. I'll ask you a question and if you don't know the answer you give me 5$, then you ask me something and if I don't know the answer I'll give you 500$"  The blonde agrees to the deal and so the salesman asks his first question "how far away is the moon?"   The blonde thinks for a second and says "I don't know, here's 5$" then asks the salesman her question "what goes up a hill with 3 legs and comes back down with four?"  The salesman thinks for a long time and cannot for the life of him solve this riddle, so he finally hands over the 500$ and asks "So what goes up a hill with 3 legs and comes back down with 4?"  The blonde says " I don't know" and hands him 5$   Note: My math teacher ended class with this today, thought Reddit would enjoy
How do you get a one armed blonde out of a tree? You wave :)
A blonde really got tired of all blonde jokes... ...and decided to hang herself in the bathroom. As she locked the door, she yelled at her husband, "I'm hanging myself because I'm tired of jokes about us blondes being stupid!"   Her husband broke into the bathroom and saw his wife with a rope tied on her toe. The husband said, "I thought you were hanging yourself."   She said, "Yes, I am!"  The husband replied, "Usually when people hang themselves, they tie the rope around their neck, so why is yours tied on your toe?"   She said, "I tried that, but I couldn't breathe."
How do you find a blonde girl in long grass.. Quite nice actually.
Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch... Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble.  In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull so that they can breed their own stock.  The brunette balances their checkbook, then takes their last $600 dollars out west to another ranch where a man has a prize bull for sale. Upon leaving, she tells her sister, "When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home."  The brunette arrives at the man’s ranch, inspects the bull, and decides she does want to buy it. The man tells her that he can sell it for $599, no less.  After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news.  She walks into the telegraph office, and says, "I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pick-up truck and drive out here so we can haul it home."  The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, "It’s just 99 cents a word."  Well, with only $1 left after paying for the bull, the brunette realizes that she’ll only be able to send her sister one word.  After thinking for a few minutes, she nods, and says, “I want you to send her the word, 'comfortable.'”  The telegraph operator shakes his head. "How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pick-up truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her the word, 'comfortable'?" The brunette explains, "My sister’s blonde. She’ll read it slow." 
A blonde, out of money, and down on her luck after buying air at a real bargain, needed money desperately. A blonde, out of money, and down on her luck after buying air at a real bargain, needed money desperately. To raise cash, she decided to kidnap a child and hold him for ransom. She went to the local playground, grabbed a kid randomly, took her behind a building, and told her, "I've kidnapped you." She then wrote a big note saying, "I've kidnapped your kid. Tomorrow morning, put $10,000 in a paper bag and leave it under the apple tree next to the slides, on the south side of the playground. Signed, A blonde." The blonde then pinned the note to the kid's shirt and sent him home to show it to his parents. The next morning, the blonde checked, and sure enough, a paper bag was sitting beneath the apple tree. The blonde looked in the bag and found the $10,000 with a note that said, "How could you do this to a fellow blonde?!"
How do you know when a grenade was thrown by a blonde? When you can pull the pin and throw it back.
A blonde, ginger, and brunette escape from prison and the police are chasing after them. The three women decide to hide and find a secluded alley to hide in. The brunette hides inside of a trash can, the ginger inside of a cardboard box, and the blonde inside of a potato sack. The police find the secluded and kick the things that are laying around, starting with the trash can. The brunette barks mimicking a dog and the police pass. The police then kick the cardboard box and the ginger meows. The police pass by. Then the police get to the potato sack and kick it. The blonde goes, "PO-TA-TO, PO-TA-TO, PO-TA-TO!" The three inmates are then promptly arrested.
A redhead, a brunette, and a blonde were cruising around in a pickup truck  As they were crossing a bridge, they lost control of the truck and it plunged into the river below. The redhead quickly opened her door and swam to the surface. The brunette's door was stuck, but she was able to roll down the window and also swam to the surface. The blonde unfortunately drowned - she couldn't get the tailgate down.
Why can't a blonde dial 911? She can't find the eleven
A very attractive blonde girl is changing in her room when she notices a man outside her window... **Her** - What are you doing?!?  **Him** - Uhhhh...I came here for a peek at you.  **Her** - OMG WHERE! Pikachu is my favorite!
Blonde: “What does IDK mean?” Her friend responds: “I don’t know.”  The blonde sighs and says, “why does nobody know??”
Why can’t a blonde dial 911? She can’t find the eleven
A blonde, who had just dyed her hair, went to the hospital because her whole body hurt.  A blonde, who had just dyed her hair, went to the hospital because her whole body hurt. She told the doctor that where ever she touched herself it would hurt. The doctor told her to demonstrate. She touched her nose and it hurt. She touched her stomach and it hurt. The doctor asked her if she was a blonde and she said yes. "Look Here Lady, your finger is broken! 
Why did the blonde sniff artificial sweetener? Because she thought it was Diet Coke
A blonde girl manages to break her door and takes it to a carpenter to get it fixed Blonde: Could you please fix this for me?  Carpenter: Sure, but if you're here someone could rob your house  Blonde: Oh but how would they enter, the door is with me!
A blonde decides to learn and try horse back riding unassisted without prior experience or lessons... She mounts the horse with great effort, and the tall, shiny horse springs into motion.   It gallops along at a steady and rhythmic pace, but the blonde begins to slip from the saddle.   Out of shear terror, she grabs for the horse's mane, but cannot seem to get a firm grip.   She tries to throw her arms around the horse's neck, but she slides down the side of the horse anyway.  The horse gallops along, seemingly oblivious to its slipping rider.  Finally, giving up her frail grip, she leaps away from the horse to try and throw herself to safety.   Unfortunately, her foot has become entangled in the stirrup.   She is now at the mercy of the horse's pounding hooves as her head is struck against the ground again and again.   As her head is battered against the ground, she is mere moments away from unconsciousness or even death when Frank, the Wal-Mart manager runs out to shut the horse off.
A blond walks into a bar You think she would've seen it.
A blonde who had been unemployed for several months got a job with Public Works. She was to paint lines down the center of a rural road. The supervisor told her that she was on probation and that she must stay at or above the set average of two miles per day to remain employed. The blonde agreed to the conditions and started right away. The supervisor checking up at the end of the day, found that the blonde had completed four miles on her first day, double the average! "Great," he told her, "I think you're really going to work out." The next day, however, he was disappointed to find that the blonde only accomplished two miles. The supervisor thought, "Well she's still at the average and I don't want to discourage her, so I'll just keep quiet." The third day however the blonde only did one mile and the boss thought, "I need to talk to her before this gets any worse." The boss pulled the new employee in and said, "You were doing so great. The first day you did four miles, the second day two miles, but yesterday you only did one mile. Why? Is there a problem? An injury, equipment failure? What's keeping you from meeting the two-mile minimum?" The blonde replied "Well, each day I keep getting farther and farther away from the bucket."
Blonde and the bull Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch. Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble.  In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull so that they can breed their own stock.  The brunette balances their checkbook, then takes their last $600 dollars out west to another ranch where a man has a prize bull for sale. Upon leaving, she tells her sister, "When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home."  The brunette arrives at the man's ranch, inspects the bull, and decides she does want to buy it. The man tells her that he can sell it for $599, no less.  After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news. She walks into the telegraph office, and says, "I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pick-up truck and drive out here so we can haul it home."  The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, "It's just 99 cents a word." Well, with only $1 left after paying for the bull, the brunette realizes that she'll only be able to send her sister one word.  After thinking for a few minutes, she nods, and says, "I want you to send her the word, 'comfortable.'"  The telegraph operator shakes his head. "How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pick-up truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her the word, 'comfortable?'"  The brunette explains, "My sister's blonde. She'll read it slow."
What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair brunette? Artificial intelligence  *edit: I kinda thought it was funny, and* poof  *it has 3000 upvotes. Thanks for the motivation*
My first girlfriend, a beautiful blonde woman, left me after the first date She asked me what was my hobby and I said penetration testing
A blonde fox gets caught in a fox trap... After a minute the fox realizes the only way out is to chew off it's leg. Three legs later... it's still in the fox trap.
A blonde asks the doctor: Can you catch aids in toilets? Doctor: Yes you can, but there are more comfortable places.
How do you know a blonde is on her period? She has a tampon behind her ear, and she's not really sure where her pencil is.
A blonde painter gets offered $50 to paint a guy's porch. She finishes the job, takes the money and tells the guy "By the way, your car is a Lexus not a Porsche."
A blonde and a redhead have a ranch. They have just lost their bull. A blonde and a redhead have a ranch. They have just lost their bull. The women need to buy another, but only have $500. The redhead tells the blonde, "I will go to the market and see if I can find one for under that amount. If I can, I will send you a telegram." She goes to the market and finds one for $499. Having only one dollar left, she goes to the telegraph office and finds out that it costs one dollar per word. She is stumped on how to tell the blonde to bring the truck and trailer. Finally, she tells the telegraph operator to send the word "comfortable." Skeptical, the operator asks, "How will she know to come with the trailer from just that word?" The redhead replies, "She's a blonde so she reads slow: 'Come for ta bull.'" -  
A BLONDE &amp; HER THERMOS A blonde notices that her coworker has a thermos, so she asks him what it's for. He responds, "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold."  The blonde immediately buys one for herself. The next day, she goes to work and proudly displays it.  Her coworker asks, "What do you have in it?"  She replies, "Soup and ice cream."
A Blonde Woman Asks For A $5000 Loan A blonde woman walks into a bank in NYC before going on vacation and asks for a $5,000 loan. The banker asks, "Okay, miss, is there anything you would like to use as collateral?" The woman says, "Yes, of course. I'll use my Rolls Royce." The banker, stunned, asks, "A $250,000 Rolls Royce? Really?" The woman is completely positive. She hands over the keys, as the bankers and loan officers laugh at her. They check her credentials, make sure she is the title owner. Everything checks out. They park it in their underground garage for two weeks. When she comes back, she pays off the $5,000 loan as well as the $15.41 interest. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very appreciative of your business with us, but I have one question. We looked you up and found out that you are a multi-millionaire. Why would you want to borrow $5,000?" The woman replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
Another blond joke. Theres three girls running from the police:   one is blonde, one is a redhead, and the other is a brunette.  They go into this barn to hide, and see a few potato sacks on the floor, so they each crawl inside one to hide.   The police catch up and come into the barn, and they see the potato sacks on the floor.   One of the cops goes up to the first sack with the brunette in it and nudges it with his foot, and the brunette goes, meow, meow really softly.   The cop says, oh, its just kittens. He then nudges the sack with the redhead in it, so she goes, woof woof really softly.   The cop goes, oh, its just puppies.   Then the cop goes to the last sack with the blonde in it and nudges it, and she goes, POTATOES!
Why did the blonde dance at the gas station? She needed to PUMP IT UP! 
A blond is heading an antique shop... And this redhead comes in. After checking out a few items, the redhead sees what looks like an extremely old dollar coin selling for $15,000. The redhead takes a very close look at the coin and sees that it is a fake. She goes up to the blond and tells him about this, and he dismisses her.   She responds, "I've got a Ph.D in American Studies. I could expose this shop and it would really affect you." He goes inside to discuss this with his wife, then comes back and says, "Alright, thanks for letting me know. You can take any item of your choice for nothing, just don't mention about the coin to anyone. I'll need your card so that I can charge it the minimum amount." It's a deal. She comes back with a set of coins worth $120,000, and he 'charges' her card. She leaves.  He goes back in to meet his wife. She asks,  "Do you really think this was a great idea?" He responds, "Yeah, she's gonna get crushed by the tax."
How does a blonde count a thousand sheep? She counts the legs, and divides by 4. 
A blonde boards a plane to Miami... A blonde boards a plane to Miami and takes a seat in first class even though she has an economy ticket. A flight attendant tells her several times to move to economy class, but the blonde doesn't listen. Exasperated, the flight attendant goes to the cockpit. Seconds later the pilot steps out and whispers something in the blonde's ear. Immediately, she gets up from her seat and goes to economy class. Intrigued, the flight attendant asks the pilot how he managed to convince her to relinquish her seat. "Easy" says the pilot, "I told her first class doesn't go to Miami"
No Backseat Blonde A blonde goes on a hot date and ends up making out with the guy in his car. The guy asks if she would like to go in the backseat.  "No!" yells the blonde.  Things get even hotter, and the guy asks again.  "For the last time, no!" says the blonde. Frustrated, the guy asks, "Well, why the hell not?"  The blonde says, "Because I wanna stay up here with you!"
A redhead tells her blonde friend she had sex with a Brazilian while on vacation. The blonde says, "You slut! How many is a brazilian?"
NASA sends a space shuttle up with two pigs and a blonde on board.  While the shuttle is taking off, the NASA command center calls the first pig and asks,   "Pig #1, do you know your mission?"  The pig replies, "Oink oink Houston. Get the shuttle into orbit and launch the trillion dollar satellite. Oink oink."   Then NASA Control asks the second pig,  "Pig #2, do you know your mission?"   The second pig replies, "Oink oink Houston. Once Pig #1 has completed the trillion dollar satellite launch, close hatch, and go back to Earth. Land shuttle. Oink oink."   Then NASA asks the blonde,   "Blonde woman, do you know your mission?"   The blonde woman replies, "Ummmmmmm.... Oh yeah, I remember now. 'Feed the pigs - and DON'T TOUCH A GODDAMNED THING!"
How can you tell when a blonde is having a bad day? When there's a tampon behind her ear and she's looking for her pencil. 
[Blonde] A blonde comes home early and finds her husband with another girl... ...so she runs out of the room and the husband follows her. She gets to the kitchen and grabs a gun from the drawer and points it at her head. The husband starts crying as tells her, "Wait don't do it I still love you it was just a mistake!" The blonde replies, "Shut up you're next!"
A Mexican, an Italian and a blonde American construction worker. A Mexican, an Italian and a blonde American construction worker are all sitting to have lunch on the 20th floor of a building they are working on. The Mexican opens his lunch and sees he has tacos. He looks at the other and says "tacos again, I am so sick of tacos, if I have tacos in my lunch again tomorrow I am going to jump." The Italian opens his lunch  and sees he has pasta he says ""pasta again, I am so sick of pasta, if I have pasta in my lunch again tomorrow I am going to jump." The American opens his lunch and sees he has a ham sandwich. He looks at it and states" a ham sandwich again. If I have a ham sandwich tomorrow, I'm gonna jump."   The next day they all sit down to eat, the Mexican opens his lunch, and sure enough it's tacos, so he throws his lunch then jumps from the building. The Italian opens his lunch and see he has pasta and of course, he jumps. The American opens his lunch and sees a ham sandwich, so he jumps.  The wives decide to have a 3 person funeral, at the funeral you hear the Mexicans wife screaming, "why did he just not tell me he didn't want tacos, why...why...  The Italians wife is a mess screaming about never making pasta again, that if he had told her, she never would have packed him pasta....  The Blonde Americans wife is sitting the calmly, and everyone begins to look at her funny. She simply looks back and says, "hey. Don't look at me, he packed his own lunches." 
A blonde was asked why her list skipped every other number... She replied I can't even
A blonde and a brunette are exchanging wild stories... Brunette: "have you ever been picked up by the fuzz?"  Blonde: *ponders for a moment* "No but I've been swung around by the tits before!"
An old blonde joke I was told years ago. A blond driving down a rural road sees a wheat field and notices something strange, another blonde that appears to be swimming.  She pulls over, stands at the field and yells, "Excuse me what are you doing?".  The other one replies, "I heard about the these amber waves of grain in a song and wanted to see if they were like ocean waves".  The one blond shakes her head angrily, "I should whip your ass!".  The blonde in the field says, "Excuse me?".  "You heard me, it's blondes like you that gives blondes like me a bad name!  You're lucky let me tell, because if I could swim I'd come out there a kick your ass!".
A Blonde, Brunette and Redhead win a competition. To stay in a large 5 star mansion for a weekend and get pampered the whole time while they're there.  When they arrive they are greeted by a jester at the door,  The jester explains that their rooms are at the top floor of the building and that there's 50 stairs between ground floor and the floor they're staying in.  For every stair they step up, the jester will tell them a joke, if they laugh or even smile they will be forced to go home and pay for their tickets home.  As they move up the staircase they hit stair number 10 the brunette gets sent home for laughing at a joke, leaving only the redhead and the blonde.  At stair 35 the Redhead begins to crack a smile at one of the Jester's dirty jokes, leaving only the blonde remaining.  At the 49th floor, the blonde just starts roaring with laughter, The jester says: "What are you laughing at? I haven't even told the joke yet. You only had to hold out 1 more floor"  The Blonde replies: "I know I know, but I only just got the first one!"
What's the worst thing about losing your virginity to a blonde? If you don't know what hole to put it in, neither do they.
A blonde was driving along in the countryside just enjoying the views and the rolling hills, when suddenly she happened upon another blonde sitting in a boat in the middle of the field, pulling the oars like her life depended.  Our hero slammed the brakes and exited her car, storming towards the boat and the still-rowing fair-haired woman:  "What the hell are you doing rowing a boat out here in the middle of nowhere?" asked our motoring passerby.  "I'm trying to get to the city, if you must know!" answered the oarpulling femme.  "My God. How can you be this daft? You are a walking cliché. You are the reason us blondes have to contend with ridicule every single day!" the outraged sandy-haired woman exclaimed, "the city is the other way."
A BLONDE &amp; HER TWO COATS While her husband was at work, a blonde decided to paint their living room. After her husband arrives home, he finds his wife lying on the floor in a pool of sweat while wearing a parka and a mink. He asked her what she was doing. She said, "I wanted to prove to you that not all blonde women are dumb, and I wanted to do it by painting the living room." He says that he was impressed at the good job she had done, but asked, "Why are you wearing two coats? She replied, "I read the directions on the paint can, and they said, ''For best results, put on two coats!'"
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever.
A blonde and a redhead watch the news...  A blonde woman and a redhead woman went to lunch. They had  to wait for their table so they sat in the bar and had a drink. The   TV was on and they noticed the news was showing a man on a   rooftop threatening to jump. The redhead told the blonde "I   bet you 50 bucks he jumps." The blonde replied "You're on."  Sure enough the man jumped, so the blonde starts to dig out her   money.   The redhead felt kind of bad so she said "That's okay, I   cheated. I saw this on the 10 o'clock news last night." The   blonde turned to her and said "Well so did I, but I didn't think  he would jump twice in a row!"
Why couldn't the blonde count to 70? Because 69 was a mouthful
Why did the blonde girl fall off the swing? She got hit by a bus.
A blonde and a brunette are watching a TV show... The brunette bets the blonde $10 that the man in the episode would jump off a bridge. The man jumps off the bridge and blonde pays the the brunette $10. The brunette feels guilty because she had already seen the episode, so she confesses to the blonde. The blonde says, "I've seen it too, but I didn't think he would jump again."
What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you? Run! She has a grenade in her mouth!
My neighbor. She’s single. She’s shapely. She’s blond and beautiful My neighbor. She’s single. She’s shapely. She’s blond and beautiful and she lives right across the street. I can see her back yard from my kitchen window. She suntans back there and I always find a reason to do the dishes. . I watched her as she got home from work this evening. I was surprised when she walked across the street, up my driveway and knocked on my door.  I opened the door, she looked at me and said,”I just got home, and I have this strong urge to have a good time, dance, get drunk, and have fun tonight. Are you doing anything?”  I quickly replied, “Nope, I’m free!”  “Great” she said. ” Can you watch my dog?”  
Have you heard of that one smart blonde? Me neither
A blonde threw a grenade at me So I pulled the pin and threw it back
A blonde takes her car to the repair shop One day after a huge hailstorm, a blonde took her car into the repair shop to fix all of the dents that the hailstorm had created. Upon arrival, the auto-repair men saw the extensive damage and did not want to repair the car regardless of the amount of money they would get. Seeing that she was blonde, the auto-repair men decided to have a little fun.   They told her, "Oh you don't need us! All you need to do is take the car home, park it, and start blowing into the tail pipe and all those dents will pop right back to normal!" The blonde was thrilled by this and hurried home.   A little while later, the blonde's neighbor, who was also blonde, saw what was happening and came over. "What are you doing?" She asked.   The blonde replied, "I'm trying to get the debts out by blowing into the tailpipe. But I keep blowing and blowing and nothing is happening!"   Her neighbor looked at her and back at the car and exclaimed, "Oh you silly! You got to roll up the windows first!"  
[Long] Blonde girl comes home from school A blonde girl comes home from school today and tells her mother that she was the only one in class to be able to recite the alphabet as far as the letter 'Q'. Her mother smiles and says, ' Well, that's because you're blonde'. The girl continues and tells her that in Math class, she was the only one who could count as high as 25. Again, her mother smiles and repeats, 'Well, that's because you're blonde'. Feeling good, the girl continues and says that during gym class, while she was changing, she noticed that she had the biggest breasts of all of the girls in her class. The girl then asks, 'Is that because I'm blonde?' To which the mother replied, 'No dear, it's because you're 16 and still in 2nd grade.'
Blonde - Earthworm Q: How does a blonde kill an earthworm?  A: She buries it alive!
What do you get when you turn a blonde girl upside down? A brunette with bad breath
How do you confuse a blonde? Give her a very complex and difficult math equation.
Three blonde women stumble across some tracks... The first one spots them in a large clearing and beckons her friends over. "Look! I think I've found some deer tracks!"  The second woman snorts. "Nonsense," she exclaims, "those look like bear tracks to me."  "Well they can't be both," says the third blonde impatiently. "So what kind of tracks are they?"  And then the train hits them.
How do you know when a grenade is thrown by a blonde? When you can pull the pin and throw it back
Another blonde joke A professor told his class:   "Fame will come to you only after you succeed!"  A blonde asked, "Who is 'Seed'?"
Whats the difference between a rooster and a blonde girl? A rooster say Cock a doodle do, a blonde girl says, Any cock'l do.
A blonde put lipstick on her forehead Because she wanted to make-up her mind. 
A blonde goes into a commercial store looking for a TV She points at the one she wants. The salesman says, "We don't serve blondes here". The blonde offended decides to go home and dye all her hair to a brunette. She returns to the store asking again for the product she wanted. The salesman said, "We don't sell our product to blondes". The blonde aghast asked him, "How did you know I was a blonde? I dyed my hair and all." The salesman smirked, "The TV you wish to buy, ma'am. It is a microwave."
Blonde is pulled over by a blonde cop.. A blonde woman was speeding down the road in her little red sports car and was pulled over by a woman police officer who was also a blonde. The blonde cop asked to see the blonde driver's license.   She dug through her purse and was getting progressively more agitated. 'What does it look like?' she finally asked.   The policewoman replied, 'It's square and it has your picture on it.'   The driver finally found a square mirror in her purse, looked at it and handed it to the policewoman.   'Here it is,' she said.   The blonde officer looked at the mirror, then handed it back saying, 'Okay, you can go. I didn't realize you were a cop too.'
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are in the ninth grade. Which one is the sexiest? The blonde, because she's the only one who's 18.
A blonde walks into a library She says to the librarian, "I would like a cheeseburger with fries and a coke."  The librarian says the the blonde, "this is a library!"  The blonde whispers, "I would like a cheeseburger with fries and a Coke." 
A blonde and her husband A blonde and her husband are sleeping when the neighbor’s dog starts barking and wakes them up. The blonde sighs, shakes her fist and says 'Wait until you see what I'm going to do to those neighbors!'   She runs out of the house and five minutes later she comes back with a smile on her face. The husband asks 'So, what did you do?'   The blonde says 'Well, I took the dog from their yard and I put it in our yard to see how they like it having the neighbor’s dog barking all night.' 
Football with a blonde girlfriend A guy took his blonde girlfriend to her first football game. They had great seats right behind their team's bench. After the game, he asked her how she liked the experience. "Oh, I really liked it," she replied, "especially the tight pants and all the big muscles, but I just couldn't understand why they were killing each other over 25 cents." Dumbfounded, her date asked, "What do you mean?" "Well, they flipped a coin, one team got it, and then for the rest of the game, all they kept screaming was, 'Get the quarterback! Get the quarterback!' I'm like, hello? It's only 25 cents!"
What do you call a blonde girl that is not a natural blonde? An airplane blonde!  Why? Because she has a black box!
A blonde, brunette, and redhead were stranded on a desert island. As they were walking along the shore, they found an old lamp. While cleaning it up a genie appears. He looks at the 3 of them and says, you get 3 wishes, one each. The redhead wishes to be sent back to her condo and find that it's all paid off and redecorated. The brunette wishes to be sent on a cruise ship that will take her to every country in the world. The blonde is stuck...finally she says "I wish my friends were here to help me pick." 
A blonde Girl wants to tell her two horses apart She is quite distressed. So the farmer next door says "Why not cut ones tail off" So she does that. The next day the other horse gets its tail cut on barbed wire and it tears off in the same place.  The girl is still distressed and then she cuts ones ear off to tell them apart. Then the other horse gets its ear cut off on barbed wire  Then the farmer next door says you should measure them. The girl does that and is finally happy.  The farmer says how did it go and the girl replies "The white one is 12 inches taller then the black one!"
A blond was pulled over A blonde woman was speeding down the road in her little red sports car and was pulled over by a woman police officer who was also a blonde. The blonde cop asked to see the blonde driver's license. She dug through her purse and was getting progressively more agitated.   "What does it look like?" she finally asked.   The policewoman replied, "It's rectangle and it has your picture on it."  The driver finally found a rectangle  mirror in her purse, looked at it and handed it to the policewoman.   "Here it is," she said.   The blonde officer looked at the mirror, then handed it back saying, "Okay, you can go. I didn't realize you were a cop too."
Did you hear about the blond who got hurt while raking leaves? she fell off the tree.
A Blonde's Theft A blonde goes to the library to get a book. A few days later, she comes back and says to librarian at the counter, "This book was very boring. It had too many characters and too many numbers, so I would like to return it."  The librarian says to her coworkers, "So here's the person who took our phone book!" 
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette are pregnant, waiting to be seen for their 20 week check-ups. Since they'll be identifying gender today, the topic comes up. "Well, we had sex in the missionary position, so I know we'll have a boy" says the redhead, smiling. "Well I rode him cowgirl, so I know we're going to have a little lady!" says the brunette proudly. They look over at the blonde, who is crying her eyes out. "What's wrong?" They ask in unison. "I'm gonna have puppies!"
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant 
Why couldn't the blonde add 10 and 7 on her calculator? Because she couldn't find the 10 key.
3 blonde women are on one side of a river... ...wondering how they will get across. The first one decides to pray saying "God please make me smart enough to get across this river." so God turns her into a brunette and she swims across the river. The second also prays saying "Dear God, please make me twice as smart as the last girl so I can get across this river." So God turns her into a red head and she builds a boat and rows across the river. The third also prays "Dear God, please make me twice as smart as both of those women combined." So God turns her into a man and she walks across the bridge. 
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette... ...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.  The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.'  The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.'  The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.'  The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.' 
What do you call a blue-eyed blonde that doesn't eat meat? A vegetaryan
What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back.
How do you confuse a blonde? Hold up two shovels and say, "Take your pick."
What's the difference between a blonde and your job? Your job still sucks after 6 months.
A blonde walks into an Irish bar and steps on an tattered, face-up, green dollar bill ... "Oh no!  I killed a leprechaun!"
A blonde is sitting next to a lawyer on a plane The lawyer just keeps bugging the blonde wanting her to play a game of intelligence. Finally, the lawyer offers her 100 to 1 odds, and says every time the blonde can not answer one of his questions, she owes him $5, but every time he cannot answer hers, he’ll give her $500. The lawyer figures he could not lose, and the blonde reluctantly accepts. The lawyer first asks, “What is the distance between the Earth and the nearest star?” Without saying a word the blonde hands him $5. The blonde then asks, “What goes up a hill with 3 legs and comes back down the hill with 4 legs?” Well, the lawyer is puzzled. He takes several hours, looking up everything he can on his laptop and even placing numerous air-to-ground phone calls trying to find the answer. Finally, angry and frustrated, he gives up and pays the blonde $500 The blonde put the $500 into her purse without comment, but the lawyer insists, “What is the answer to your question?” Without saying a word, the blonde hands him $5.
A hot blonde walks into a dingy bar and asks for a miller lite. All the male patrons at the bar admire her hot body. The bartender roofies her beer and she falls unconscious. All the men have a go at her on the pool table. Then they slap her to wake her up and tell her she had too much to drink and calls a cab for her. She comes the next week and again asks for a miller lite and the same thing follows. After a few weeks of this, she comes in one day and says, can I have a bud light today. The bartender smirks, why no miller lite today? She replies, miller lite hurts my pussy. 
A blonde, a redhead, &amp; a brunette are about to be executed A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette are about to be executed by firing squad.  Two guards brings the brunette forward, and the executioner asks if she has any last requests. She says no, and the executioner shouts, "Ready . . . Aim . . ."   Suddenly the brunette yells, "earthquake!!" Everyone is startled and looks around. She manages to escape.  The guards then bring the redhead forward, and the executioner asks if she has any last requests. She says no, and the executioner shouts, "Ready . . . Aim . . ."  The redhead then screams, "Tornado!!" Yet again, everyone is startled and looks around. She escapes.  By this point, the blonde had figured out what the others did. The guards bring her forward, and the executioner asks if she has any last requests. She also says no, and the executioner shouts, Ready . . . Aim . . ."  The blonde hollers, "FIRE!!!"
The first blonde GUY joke An Irishman, a Mexican and a blonde guy were doing construction work on scaffolding on the 20th floor of a building.  They were eating lunch and the Irishman said: "Corned beef and cabbage. If I get corned beef and cabbage one more time for lunch, I'm going to jump off this building."  The Mexican opened his lunch and exclaimed, Burritos again!" If I get burritos one more time in my lunch, I'm going to jump off, too."  The blonde opened his lunch and said, "Bologna again! If I get a bologna sandwich one more time, I'm jumping off, too."  The next day the Irishman opened his lunch box, saw the corned beef and cabbage and jumped to his death.  The Mexican opened his lunch, saw a burrito and jumped, too.  The blonde guy opened his lunch bucket, saw the bologna sandwich and jumped to his death as well.  At the funeral the Irishman's wife was weeping. She said, "If I'd known how really tired he was of corned beef and cabbage. I never would have given it to him again!"  The Mexican's wife also wept and said, "I could have given him tacos or enchiladas! I didn't realize he hated burritos so much."  Everyone turned and stared at the blonde's wife. "Hey, don't look at me," she said. "He makes his own lunch".
A blonde decides to smoke weed. One day a blonde decided that she would smoke some weed. Unfortunately, she made many mistakes. The weed she received was too weak to the point of being tasteless and insipid.  In fact, when it came to weed she was completely clueless on how to use it. So clueless that the blonde had bought weed in the shape of  cylinders (somewhat cigar shaped) and thrown the cylinders into a blender along with other ingredients, intending to make the concoction stronger.  She stupidly stuck her tongue into the blender to taste the weed, creating this following tongue twister: The blind blonde blended bland blunts.
A young blonde woman A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''
A Blonde, a Brunette, and a Redhead are sitting at a bar. They are discussing how many fingers they can fit into their pussy.   The Redhead says, "I can fit 2 fingers!"  The then Brunette replies, "I can fit 3 fingers!"  Then the Blonde began to laugh as she slid down the bar stool.  
The blonde girl at school. Jenny, a blonde girl came skipping home from school one day.  "Mommy, Mommy," she yelled, "we were counting today, and all the other kids could only count to four, but I counted to 10. See? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10!"  "Very good," said her mother. "Is it because I'm blonde?" Jenny asked.  "Yes, it's because you're blonde," said the mommy.  The next day the girl came skipping home from school. "Mommy, Mommy," she yelled, "We were saying the alphabet today, and all the other kids could only say it to D, but I said it to G. See? A, B, C, D, E, F, G!"  "Very good, Jenny," said her mother. "Is it because I'm blonde, Mommy?"  "Yes, it's because you're blonde."  The next day Jenny came skipping home from school. "Mommy, Mommy," she yelled, "we were in gym class today, and when we showered, all the other girls had flat chests, but I have these!"  And she lifted her tank top to reveal a pair of 36Cs "Very good," said her embarrassed mother. "Is it because I'm blonde, mommy?"  "No Honey, it's because you're 24."
How recognize a blonde's computer ? There is correction fluid on screen.
A guy takes his blonde friend to a football game. They sit down and watch the game. Afterwards, she looks incredibly confused. "What's wrong?" he asked. "Well, at the beginning of the game, they flipped a coin, and the rest of the time they kept yelling, 'GET THE QUARTERBACK!' I mean, it's only 25 cents..."
One day, a blonde went to the... One day, a blonde went to the doctor with both sides of her face burned. The doctor asked, "What happened?" The blonde said, "Well, I was ironing my husband's shirt until the phone rang. I picked it up and half my face was burnt!" The doctor replied, "What about the other half?" The blonde answered, "They called back."  
A blonde joke Truckers should get Did you hear about the blonde who tried to kill her trucker husband? She cut the lines to his truck's air brakes
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a pretty blonde and a homely brunette... ...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness.   On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.  The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.'  The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.'  The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.'  The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.'
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette&gt;&gt;&gt; &lt;&lt;&lt;are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek. The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.' The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.' The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.' The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.'
A BLONDE &amp; HER THERMOS A blonde notices that her coworker has a thermos, so she asks him what it's for. He responds, "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold."  The blonde immediately buys one for herself. The next day, she goes to work and proudly displays it.  Her coworker asks, "What do you have in it?"  She replies, "Soup and ice cream."
in a kindergarten class, there is a blonde, a brunette and a redhead. which one do you date? the blonde. she's 18.
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead were waiting for an elevator. On the floor, next to the elevator door, was a tiny puddle of milky liquid. The brunette notices it first and says, "Oh my God, that looks like semen." The redhead bends down and sniffs,  "Oh my god, this smells like semen." The blonde gets down on one knee, dips her finger in it, and sticks the finger in her mouth to taste it and blurts out, "It's not anybody from our building."
What's it called when a blonde dyes her hair brunette? Artificial Intelligence.
Why did the blonde tie magnets to her fishing pole? She was fishing for Steelhead Trout
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it
My blonde girlfriend went missing for a month and just showed up, apparently pregnant and infected with syphilis. And she blames me! All because we were discussing politics and I said "Fuck all those Republicans!"
A guy sits down at a bar in a hotel next to a pretty blonde woman ... and strikes up a conversation with her. He then offers to buy her a drink and she accepts.  "What'll you have?" he asks her.  "I'll just have a beer."  "Okay, any special kind? They have some really nice craft brews here."  She shakes her head no, "I'm a simple country girl, I'll just have a Bud Light."  "Okay," he shrugs his shoulders, and so he orders her a Bud Light and gets himself a Brooklyn Lager.  They keep talking for awhile, and then he finally suggests they get some dinner together, his treat.  She accepts and they go off to the restaurant.  The waiter asks what drinks they would like, and the guy suggests getting a bottle of wine, but she declines and says, "I'm a simple country girl, I'll just get a beer."  They eat dinner, and during the conversation he finds out that she just got a big promotion.  He offers to get a bottle of champagne to celebrate, but she replies, "No, I'm just a-" You know the rest.  So after dinner, they decide to go back to his room for a night cap, and he orders drinks from room service.  Of course you know what she ordered.  After they've been sitting on the edge of the bed chatting, things get a little more serious, and they start getting a little frisky.  Pieces of clothing start flying off and now things start heating up.  He's on top of her when suddenly he stops, and with a grin makes a suggestion.  "Hey, want to try something a little kinky?"   She giggles, "What? I don't know, I'm a simple country girl."  So he says, "How about a golden shower? I piss all over you and into your mouth, and you swallow it."  She stares at him aghast. "Eww, that's so gross!"  "What?" he replies bewildered, "You drink Bud Light, what's the difference?"
Why did the blonde get into a car accident? She thought "dodge" and "ram" were instructions
A blonde was desperate for money.... so she decided to go to the richer neighborhoods around town and look for odd jobs.  At the first house, a man answered the door and told her. ‘Yeah, I have a job for you. Could you paint the porch?’  'Sure,’ smiled the blonde, 'I’ll do it for $100.’  'Great,’ the man replied. 'You’ll find the paint and stuff you need in the garage.’  The man went back into the house to his wife, who’d been listening. 'A hundred bucks! Does she know it goes all the way around the house?’ asked the wife.  'Well, she must. She was standing right on it!’ he said.  About 45 minutes later, the blonde knocked on the door. 'I’m all done,’ she reported.  The man was amazed. You painted the whole porch?’  'Yeah,’ the blonde said. 'I even had some left, so I put on two coats!’  The man reached into his wallet to pay her.  'And by the way,’ said the blonde, 'that’s not a Porsche. It’s a Ferrari.’
A blonde walks into a TechStore She says: "Can i have that TV over there?" The Man on the Counter replies: "No because you're blonde". The next day the Blonde decides to put on a brunette wig and goes back into the store and asks again: "Can i have that TV over there?" The Man on the Counter, again replies: "No because you're blonde!" the blonde is completely bewildered at why he knew that she was blonde! so she tries again the next day with a red wig, again the same respone, and so on and on with always different wigs. Then one day she asks: "OKAY! HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT I'M BLONDE?" The man replies: "Because that a f*cking microwave"
Q: What did the blonde customer say after reading the buxom waitress's name tag? A: "What did you name the other one?" 
If a hot blonde goes up to a bartender and orders a double entendre... Should he give it to her? 
So this blonde goes in to see her.... So this blonde goes in to see her doctor...."Doctor! Doctor" she exclaims..."everywhere I touch myself, it hurts" as she pokes herself at various spots on her body..."uuuuh, yea" replies the doctor, "that's because you have a broken finger...." Budoomp crash!
A blonde and a lawyer A blonde and a lawyer are seated next to each other on a flight from LA to NY. The lawyer asks if she would like to play a fun game? The blonde, tired, just wants to take a nap, politely declines and rolls over to the window to catch a few winks.   The lawyer persists and explains that the game is easy and a lot of fun. He explains, "I ask you a question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me $5.00, and vice versa. " Again, she declines and tries to get some sleep.   The lawyer, now agitated, says, "Okay, if you don't know the answer you pay me $5.00, and if I don't know the answer, I will pay you $500.00." This catches the blonde's attention and, figuring there will be no end to this torment unless she plays, agrees to the game.   The lawyer asks the first question. "What's the distance from the earth to the moon?" The blonde doesn't say a word, reaches into her purse, pulls out a $5.00 bill and hands it to the lawyer. "Okay" says the lawyer, "your turn." She asks the lawyer, "What goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four legs?" The lawyer, puzzled, takes out his laptop computer and searches all his references, no answer. He taps into the air phone with his modem and searches the net and the library of congress, no answer.   Frustrated, he sends e-mails to all his friends and coworkers, to no avail. After an hour, he wakes the blonde, and hands her $500.00.   The blonde says, "Thank you," and turns back to get some more sleep. The lawyer, who is more than a little miffed, wakes the blonde and asks, "Well, what's the answer?"   Without a word, the blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5.00, and goes back to sleep. And you thought blondes were dumb.
How do you know if a blonde is dating? You'll see a belt buckle sign on her forehead 
Whats the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it.
A blonde and a trucker get into an accident on the highway A blonde is taking her new sports car out for a drive on the highway. She cuts off a trucker and causes him to almost crash. The trucker angrily yells at her and motions for her to pull over.   They both pull over and get out of their vehicles. The truck driver takes a piece of chalk and draws a circle on the ground  around where the blonde is standing and tells her not to move.   The trucker grabs a knife from his pocket and proceeds to slash the blondes tires. He turns around to look at her and he sees her smiling. This makes him more angry.  He then starts cutting up the leather interior in her car and turns around again to look at her. Now the blonde is giggling.  Infuriated, the trucker grabs a baseball bat from his truck and starts bashing in her windows and headlights. Again, he turns around and now the blonde is laughing hysterically. The trucker is beyond pissed off now. He asks her what the hell is so funny about all of this.  The blonde replies...  “Every time you weren’t looking, I stepped out of the circle!”
A blonde comes to a library A blonde in a nice green dress, and a beautiful green hat, holding a little green purse comes to a library. She asks the librarian: "Could you give me that green book? What's its title?"  "It's algebra!"  "Alright, I'm taking it".   Next day the blonde comes back to the library to return the book. The librarian has doubts that she even opened the book at all and he asks: "Well, young lady, how do you like the book?"   Blonde: "It was pretty interesting. But what a pity that Al'gebra dies in the end"
A blonde, a brunette, and redhead went camping... One day three women went camping - a blonde, a brunette and a redhead. The blonde suddenly had to go to the bathroom. She went into the woods with her toilet paper and did her business.  While she was gone, the brunette and the redhead decided to play a joke on her. They skinned a rabbit and snuck up on the blonde, put the guts behind her and ran back to the campsite. Three minutes later they heard a scream.  Then they waited another half an hour and the blonde came back, sweating. She said, "I had to poop so hard I pooped my guts out. But thanks to God and these two fingers, I stuffed them back in."
Why did the blonde get fired from the M&amp;M factory? Because she threw away all the ‘w’s!
A Blonde was down on her luck... A Blonde was down on her luck. In order to raise some money, she decided to kidnap a kid and hold him for ransom. She went to the playground, grabbed a kid, took him behind a tree, and told him, "I've kidnapped you." She then wrote a note saying, "I've kidnapped your kid. Tomorrow morning, put $10,000 in a paper bag and put it under the pecan tree next to the slide on the north side of the playground. Signed, Blonde." The Blonde then taped the note to the kid`s shirt and sent him home to show it to his parents. The next morning the blonde checked, and sure enough, a paper bag was sitting beneath the pecan tree. The blonde opened the bag and found the $10,000 with a note that said, "How could you do this to a fellow Blonde?"
A blonde A blonde is hanging out on the terrace of a 30 storied building, when suddenly a co worker runs in and says "Jane! I just heard! Your husband and daughter were in a car accident and they passed away! I am so sorry for your loss!"  The blonde, distraught, jumps off the terrace.  As she is falling and crosses the 20th floor, she realizes she doesn't have a daughter.  As she crosses the 10th floor, she realizes she's not married.  As she is about to hit the pavement she realizes her name is not Jane.
Blonde and the insemination man A blonde city girl named Amy marries a  Colorado rancher. One morning, on his way out to check on the cows,  the rancher says to Amy, "The insemination man is coming over to impregnate one of our cows, so I drove a nail into the 2x4 just above where the cow's stall is in the barn. Please show him where the cow is when he gets here, OK?" The rancher leaves for the fields. After a while, the artificial insemination man arrives and knocks on the front door. “I came to inseminate the cow,” he said. Amy takes him down to the barn. They walk along the row of cows, and when Amy sees the nail, she tells him, "This is the one right here." The man, assuming he is dealing with an airhead blonde, asks, "Tell me, lady, 'cause I'm dying to know. How would YOU know that this is the right cow to be bred?" "That's simple," she said. "By the nail that's over its stall," she explains very confidently.  Laughing rudely at her, the man says, "And what, pray tell, is the  nail for?" The blonde turns to walk away and says sweetly over her  shoulder, “I guess it’s to hang your pants on,” she replied.
Blonde Joke of the day Two blondes fell down a hole.   One said, "It's dark in here isn't it?"   The other replied, "I don't know; I can't see." :-D
blonde joke of the day Blonde: "What does IDK stand for?"  Brunette: "I don’t know."  Blonde: "OMG, nobody does - 
A Blonde was down on her luck. In order to raise some money, she decided to kidnap a kid and hold him for ransom. She went to the playground, grabbed a kid, took him behind a tree, and told him, "I've kidnapped you."  She then wrote a note saying, "I've kidnapped your kid.  Tomorrow morning put $10,000 in a paper bag and put it under the pecan tree next to the slide on the North side of the playground. Signed, A Blonde."  The Blonde then pinned the note to the kid's shirt and sent him home to show it to his parents. The next morning the Blonde checked, and sure enough, a paper bag was sitting beneath the pecan tree. The Blonde opened up the bag and found the $10,000 with a note that said, "How could you do this to a fellow Blonde?"
A blond walked went to the doctors office.... A blond walked went to the doctors office complaining that it hurt everywhere she touched   The doctor asked her to show him where it hurt. The blond pointed to her leg and said "ouch!!"  "Anywhere else?" The doctor asked.  The blond pointed to her arm and once again screamed in pain.  The doctor looked at the blonde and said, "ma'am, your finger is broken."
What's the difference between a bowling ball and a blonde? You can only fit three fingers inside a bowling ball!
A blonde walks into a pizza joint She orders a 12" pizza to take away. The chef asks, "would you like me to cut it into 4 or 8 slices?"  She answers, "4 please, I don't think I'd manage to eat 8"
What do you do if a blonde person throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back.
How do you confuse a blonde You paint yourself green and throw forks at her
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are all on their way to heaven One day, a blonde, brunette, and a redhead were on their way to heaven.  God told them that there were 1,000 stairs to reach heaven, and on every stair he would tell them a joke. If they laughed, or even just smiled, they would not make it into heaven.  The redhead managed to make it to the 45th step before laughing.  The brunette reached 200 and cracked a smile.   The blonde made it all the way to the 999th step and burst out in laughter before God had even told his joke.  "Why are you laughing when I haven't even told my joke yet?" God asked the Blonde.  "I just got the first one!" she answered.
How did the blonde die in the shower? She followed the instructions on her shampoo: Lather, rinse, repeat.
What did the blonde's mom say before the blonde's date? If you are not in bed by 12, come home.
What did the blonde medical student die from? An aneurysm.
What do a fake blonde and an airplane have in common? They both have a black box. 
This blonde is going door to door trying to find some paying work. She knocks on one door and a handsome older man opens it up.  "Hey mister, do you have any odd jobs I could do for cash?"  He looks her up and down and surmises that she's an idiot whom he can take advantage of.  "I'll give you ten dollars if you paint my porch. There's paint, brushes, ladders and everything you'll need next to the car in the garage."  "Sure, sounds great!"  The man closes the door, chuckling at what a great deal he's just brokered. Half an hour later, there's another knock at the door. He opens it up and there's the blonde.  "You're finished already?" he asked her incredulously.  "Yeah! It isn't really that big! But I think you should know, that's not a porch. It's a Jaguar!"
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? A mosquito will stop sucking after you slap it.
Life With A Blonde Teenager… SCENE: My teenage daughter and me in the car.  Lauren: Dad, do you know what the most commonly used letter in a girl’s name is?  Me: Hmm, is it a consonant or a vowel? (Silence.) Please tell me you know what consonants and vowels are.  Lauren: You’re no fun, Dad. Forget it.  Me: What is a vowel?  Lauren: OK, OK. A vowel is … ahh … eh … well, oh … uh …  Me: Close enough.
A blonde joke... Donald Trump.
My blonde girlfriend has been too quiet for a while, so I said: My penis for your thoughts?!
Blonde A blonde stormed up to the front desk of the library and with a screaming voice said, “I have a complaint!” “How can i help you?” said the librarian looking up at her. “I borrowed a book last week and it was horrible!” Puzzled by her complain the librarian asked “What was wrong with it?” “It had way too many characters and there was no plot!” said the blonde. The librarian nodded and said, “Ahhh. So YOU must be the person who took our phone book."
A blonde is working at a construction site The foreman hands her a work order for supplies and tells her to go to the local Home Depot to pick it up and bring it back as soon as possible.  Six hours pass and finally the blonde shows back up with the supplies to include a load of gravel.  As she starts to unload the gravel from the truck the unmistakable odor of urine is smelled across the work site.  Furious, the foreman says "Do you know how long it's going to take to wash all that urine smell off the gravel??"  The blonde replies "Do you know how many bottles of water I had to drink to make you pee gravel??"
NSFW What's the difference between a blonde and a burnt out light bulb? The blonde blew better, but the bulb is still brighter.
A blonde goes to the dry cleaners. She tells the attendant that she needs to have her dress cleaned.   However, the attendant wasn't paying attention. Snapping out of his day dream, he asked, "Come again?"   Giggling, the blonde replied, "No, just mustard this time."
Blonde joke Blonde and redhead jumped off the building together. Who landed first on ground first?  The redhead as the blonde ask for direction half way down.
What is the first thing the blonde says when she finds a corpse? Somebody call the corpse!!
How did the husband of a blonde suffered a concussion? By face-palming 52736 times a day. 
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are on top of a burning building. There are firefighters at the bottom with a rescue blanket. "Jump down we will catch you" the firemen yelled. The brunette jumped down, when she was close the firemen yanked the blanket away and laughed as she went splat on the pavement.  They the tell the redhead to jump "The brunette wasn't nearly as beautiful as you, we will catch you we promise" The redhead jumps down expecting to be saved. The firemen yanked the blanket away she she went splat on the pavement laughing their hearts out.    They then yelled at the blonde "Jump we didn't like the redhead she was a bitch and not nearly as beautiful as you" The blonde didn't beleive them. "I dont trust you, put the blanket down first and walk away you I know you won't pull it away" The firemen then set the blanket down on the pavement and walked away. The blonde then jumped.
What's the difference between a Blonde and a person with a different colour of hair? The blonde sure doesn't know.
A blonde approaches Einstein ... A blonde approaches Einstein and boldly says; "Let's get married. Our kids will be as smart as you and as beautiful as me."  Einstein replied; "What if our kids are as dumb as you and as ugly as me?"
Why did the blonde get excited after finishing her puzzle in 6 months? The box said 2-4 years!
A brunette, redhead and blonde A brunette, redhead and blonde went to a fitness spa for some fun and relaxation. After an excellent, but healthy, lunch, all three decided to visit the ladies room. They found a strange looking woman sitting at the entrance who said: "Welcome to the ladies room. Be sure to check out our newest feature. It's a mirror that, if you look into it and say something truthful, awards you with a wish. But, be warned, for if you say something false, you will be sucked into the mirror to live in a void of nothingness for all eternity!"  The three women quickly entered. Upon finding the mirror, the brunette said: "I think I'm the most beautiful of us three" and in an instant she was surrounded by a pile of money.  The redhead stepped up and said: "I think I'm the most talented of us three" and she suddenly found the keys to a brand new Lexus in her hands.  Excited over the possibility of having a wish come true, the blonde looked into the mirror and said: "I think..." and was promptly sucked into the mirror.
A Blonde calls tech support She is told that in order to get help, they need her password. She says that the password is "MickeyMinniePlutoHueyLouieDeweyDonaldGoofySacramento"  When asked why she had chosen such a long password, she said she was told that it had to be at least 8 characters long and include at least one capital.
A blonde learned she was colorblind She looked at an example of what colorblind people see when they look at an Ishihara test. 
Blonde at work A blonde, a brunette and a redhead all work for a female boss who always goes home early. "Hey girls," says the brunette. "Let's go home early tomorrow. She'll never know." So the next day, they all leave right after their boss. The brunette gets some extra gardening done, the redhead goes to a bar, and the blonde goes home to find her husband having sex with the female boss. She quietly sneaks out of the house and returns at her normal time. "That was fun," says the brunette. "We should do it again sometime." "No way," says the blonde. "I almost got caught."
A blonde and a brunette got stuck in an elevator.. Blonde starts shouting: "HELP! HELP!"   Brunette turns to her and says: "We should shout together."   Blonde: "TOGETHER! TOGETHER!"
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead rob a bank.. A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead decide to rob a bank. Everything goes well-they have their masks on, the bank hands over the money-awesome.  Exiting the bank, they hear sirens and see several cop cars round the corner, so they dash into a small alleyway.  The cops are quick though, and are just about to reach the entrance. There are three empty potato sacks lying against the wall.  "Quick! Hide!" The brunette says, and the three women each crawl into a bag.  A police man comes down the alleyway, looking around for any signs of the women. The potato sacks stick out to him-so he gives the one with the redhead a kick.  "Meow!" goes the redhead, doing her best imitation of a cat.  "Just an alley cat..." The police officer mumbles, moving onto the next bag and delivering a quick nudge with his foot.  "Woof!" Goes the brunette, imitating a dog.  "Just a stray..." The officer mumbles again, heading to the last bag, and giving it a light kick.  "POOOOE-TAYYY-TOOOEE" grunts the blonde.  Edited to meet popular demand.  For those who don't get the joke, the redhead and brunette both mimic things that might be in an alleyway-a cat and a stray dog. The blonde however wonders "What would be in a potato sack? Potatoes!" and thus tries to blend in by announcing herself as a potato.  Edit Edit: I'm blond. I can make these jokes.
A blonde volleyball coach A blonde volleyball coach recruited a top talent, but the player couldn’t pass the school’s entrance exam. The coach went to the dean and asked if the recruit could take the test orally. The dean agreed, and the following day the recruit and the coach were seated in his office.  “Okay,” asks the dean, “What is seven times seven?”  The recruit mulled it over for a minute and finally the light came on.“49!” she proudly says.  The blonde coach leaps to her feet and hollers “Please Dean, you gotta give her another chance!”
Why can't a blond dial 911? She can't find the 11 
So a plane is crashing with 4 passengers one is a pilot, a priest, a high schooler with a backpack, and a blonde. One tiny problem is there’s only 3 parachutes. First the pilot jumps out, then the blonde. The priest turns to the high schooler and told him he had a wonderful life and had no regrets, please take the last parachute. The high schooler took one and pulled out another chute, the priest says by the lord how did you get a fourth? The high schooler responded and said the blonde took my backpack.
A blonde is driving and hits a bunny... She immediately slams on her brakes, and hops out of her car. To no surprise, the bunny is dead. A short time later, another blonde is driving by and notices the first blonde and the dead bunny. She pulls over to the side, jumps out of her car and asks "Is everything okay?" The first blonde says "No, I was driving down the road and hit this bunny, and now it is dead." The second blonde responds "Oh no! I think I have something that might bring it back to life." So she grabs her purse from the car, grabs a can out of it, and sprays it all over the bunny. The bunny immediately jumps up, hops a couple feet, turns around waves, and continues. A few feet farther, the bunny turns around, waves, and then continues. This goes on all the way until the two blondes cannot see it anymore. The first blonde turns and asks "What was that spray?" And the second blonde responds, while showing the can "Hair Restoration, and Permanent Wave."
I was born with blonde hair and blue eyes My parents named me Michael but I totally looked like a Ryan
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant. 
"I just heard that that one actress from Legally Blonde, Reese... 'whatever her last name is' got stabbed to death walking to her car last night." "Witherspoon?"  "No, with a knife."
A Blonde asks for the time. The man she asked said it was 13:23.  "Am or Pm?" the Blonde asked.
how do you kill a blonde with only one arm that climbed a lamppost? You wave to her. 
A woman with blonde hair walks into an electronics store... And gestures over a store employee.    "I want to buy this TV." She said.    The store employee replies to her, "I am sorry, ma'am.  But we don't sell TV's to blondes.  Store policy."  The woman is visibly upset, but formulates a plan.  She goes home and she dyes her hair the most beautiful shade of chestnut brown.  The next morning, she returns to the store, and says to the store employee, "I want to buy this TV."    The employee says, "I am sorry, ma'am.  But we don't sell TV's to blondes.  Store policy."  The woman is a little shocked but is determined.  She goes back home and dyes her head a fiery shade of red.  The next morning, she returns to the store and says to the store employee "I want to buy this TV."  The employee replies, "I am sorry, ma'am.  But we don't sell TV's to blondes.  Store policy."  The woman is livid now, but leaves the store.  In her rage, she shaves all of her hair off, confident that if she had no hair at all, the store employee would surely not know.    She returned to the store the next morning and said to the employee, "I want to buy this TV."    The employee replied, "I am sorry, ma'am.  But we don't sell TV's to blondes.  Store policy."  The woman explodes in anger, "How do you know I am a blonde?  I don't have any hair!"  The employee smirks a little and says "Well ma'am, it's because that is a microwave."
Carol, a blonde city girl, marries a Cornish dairy farmer. One morning, on his way out to check on the cows, farmer John says to Carol, 'The insemination man is coming over to impregnate one of our cows today. I drove a nail into the rail above the cow's stall in the barn. You show him where the cow is when he gets here, OK?' So then the farmer leaves for the fields. After a while, the insemination man arrives and knocks on the front door. Carol takes him down to the barn. They walk along the row of cows and when she sees the nail, she tells him, 'This is the one...right here.' Terribly impressed by what he seemed to think just might be another ditzy blonde, the man asks, 'Tell me lady, how did you know this is the cow to be bred?' 'That's simple; by the nail over its stall', Carol explains very confidently. Then the man asks, 'What's the nail for?' She turns and starts to walk away and with complete confidence, says over her shoulder, ......'I assume it's to hang your trousers on.'
A blonde, brunette and ginger get lost in the woods They make a shelter but start getting hungry so the brunette decides to go out hunting. She returns with a rabbit and the blonde asks "how'd you get that?", the brunette replies "Oh I just followed some tracks and found it"  The next day the ginger decides to go out hunting, she returns with a deer, and the blonde asks "how'd you get that?", the ginger replies "Oh I just followed some tracks and found it"  The next day the blonde decides to go out hunting, she returns covered in bruises and cuts, the brunette asks "what happened to you?" The blonde replies "I followed some tracks and got hit by a train".
Blonde in a bar  A blonde walks into a bar and proceeds to the Coke machine in the corner.  Puts in her change, makes her selection, and out comes a Coke.  She does this again...same result.  She continues on and begins to pile the Cokes up against the wall.  This goes on for hours.     At 2:00 am people begin to leave, and she has 100s of Cokes all over the bar.  Finally the bartender yells to her "lady the bar is closed, you gotta go"   "Shhhhh" she says to him.  "Can't you see I'm winning?" 
A Blonde Joke Two ladies, blonde and a brunette, meet up for lunch. The Brunette tells the blonde that she just had sex with a Brazilian. The Blonde excitedly exclaims, "Oh my god! You slut! How many is a Brazilian?"
What did the blonde's left thigh say to the right? "Hi, I don't think we've met"
How can you tell your blonde secretary is having a bad day? Her tampon is behind her ear and she can't find her pencil.
There's a brunette, red-head, and a blonde in the same Kindergarten class. Who has the biggest rack? The blonde.  She's 19.
Blonde Moments: Life with a Blonde Teenage Daughter SCENE: My teenage daughter and me in the car.  Lauren: Dad, do you know what the most commonly used letter in a girl’s name is?  Me: Hmm, is it a consonant or a vowel? (Silence.) Please tell me you know what consonants and vowels are.  Lauren: You’re no fun, Dad. Forget it.  Me: What is a vowel?  Lauren: OK, OK. A vowel is … ahh … eh … well, oh … uh …  Me: Close enough.
An Irish, blind, gay, paraplegic blonde woman is wheeled into a bar.. "Ow!"
Why can't a blonde dial 911? She can't find the 11.
A blonde guy walks into a bar A hefty, muscular gun toting blond guy from Austin Texas goes to a bar on his Harley Davidson. He parks the bike outside, goes in and orders a drink.  Now the regulars at this bar have a habit of picking on newcomers. So when the blond goes back his bike is missing from its spot. He walks back in.  He shouts out  Which one of ya'll fuckers stole my Harley?  Nobody answers. He caresses his gun and says  Here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna get another drink and if ma bike ain't back where I left it, I'm gonna do the same thing I did back in Austin. And I don't like what I did back in Austin.  True to his word, he orders a drink and goes back out, to find his Harley back where it was!  As he puts on his helmet, the bar owner asks him  If you don't mind me asking, what did you do back in Austin?  The blond replies  I had to walk back home
Why was the blonde's belly button sore? Because her boyfriend was blond too.
Two mathematicians and blonde waitress. Two mathematicians were in a restaurant. One of them was a hard-core misogynist and claimed that women were never any good at maths, especially the blonde ones. His friend claimed that there was no difference and that women were just as capable as men. When the misogynist went for a cigarette, the other guy called over the blonde waitress.  “My friend and I are having an argument. When he gets back I’ll call you over and ask you a question. The answer you need to give is ‘a third X cubed’. Can you do that?”  “Thurdeks coobed?”  “a third X cubed.”  “a Third Ekscubed. Sure I can do that.”  The other chap comes back to the table and his friend says.  “I’ll prove to you that women are as good as men at maths. See the blond waitress; I’ll ask her a question and we’ll see if she knows any maths.”  So he calls the waitress over and asks, “What is the integral of X squared?”  As quick as a shot, she comes out with “A third X cubed.”  The misogynist is stunned. The waitress smiles and walks away.  Then she stops and calls back, “plus a constant.”  
Blonde joke A blonde is trying to hammer down a pin into a wall, she has the flat end to the wall and is hammering the pointy end. She gets really pissed as it clearly isn't working. Her friend comes in and asks whats wrong. "Well, this pin just work! It's not piercing this wall!" she says. Her friend looks at her and says " You idiot, You got the wrong pin!  That pin is clearly for the wall on the oppsite side!
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette... ...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek. The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.' The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.' The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.' The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.'
I told a blonde joke to a Nobelium atom earlier today, he laughed so hard he was spitting out neutrons I felt a little ashamed afterwards, after all, it was No laughing matter
What did the blonde's right leg say to her left leg? Nothing.  They haven't met yet.
A blonde is driving her car down a desert road in Nevada to meet up with her family. The heat starts to get to her and so she turns on the AC, and changes the channel on the radio so that she maybe distracted from a long winded journey. As she looks back up onto the windshield a cat lays in the middle of the road and she swerves to avoid it. The car flips and is wrecked. The doors fall of the hinges, the hood exposes the engine, and the tires have all blown out. However, the blonde is unharmed.   Knowing that she cannot use the car anymore, she picks up one of the fallen doors, and carries it with her as she continues to her destination, walking.   The days and nights pass as if they were weeks and months, the weight of the car door upon her shoulders as heavy as mountains, when she finally reaches the town her family is waiting for her in.   As she stumbles to the floor, all muddy and worn out, her brother picks her up, and asks her : "What the hell happened"?   She replies: " Well I was driving down the road and had accidentally flipped the car over, but I was fine so I walked the rest of the way".  Her brother asks:"Well, why did you carry the car door with you all this way?"  She replies: " It was awfully warm out here and so if it did get too warm for me, I could just roll down the window".    Sorry guys.   Its actually a joke in arabic that I tried to translate and turn into a blonde joke (somehow). Hope you had a chuckle .
Why did the blonde have trouble calling 911? She couldn't find the eleven on her phone.
A brunette, a redhead, and a blonde... Three girls, a brunette, a redhead, and a blonde, all worked in the same office with the same female boss. Each day, they noticed the boss left work early. One day, the girls decided that, when the boss left, they would leave right behind her. After all, she never called or came back to work, so how would she know they went home early?  The brunette was thrilled to be home early. She did a little gardening, spent playtime with her son, and went to bed early. The redhead was elated to be able to get in a quick workout at the spa before meeting a dinner date. The blonde was happy to get home early and surprise her husband, but when she got to her bedroom, she heard a muffled noise from inside. Slowly and quietly, she cracked open the door and was mortified to see her husband in bed with her boss! Gently, she closed the door and crept out of her house.  The next day, at their coffee break, the brunette and redhead planned to leave early again, and they asked the blonde if she was going to go with them.    "No way," the blonde exclaimed, "I almost got caught yesterday!"
Three women- a blond, a brunette, and a red head, are all about to be executed by ISIS The red head was up first. Right before she was going to be executed she yelled, “TORNADO!” All of the ISIS members took cover and she escaped. The brunette was the next in line. He followed in the red-head’s footprints and this time screamed “SANDSTORM!” The gullible ISIS members again ducked for cover while he escaped. The blonde thought to herself, “This is going to be easy. These people are idiots.” The blonde stood with a smug look on the shooting block while the ISIS leader roared, “Ready…Aim….” The blonde yelled, “FIRE!”
Blonde's Appendicitis A blonde has sharp pains in her side. The doctor examines her and says, "You have acute appendicitis."  The blonde says, "That's sweet, doc, but I came here to get medical help."
A Spanish man, a Portuguese man a hot busty blonde woman and a fat chick are on a train, a few minutes into the journey the train passes through a tunnel, darkness ensues and the sound of a loud slap is heard A Spanish man, a Portuguese man a hot busty blonde woman and a fat chick are on a train, a few minutes into the journey the train passes through a tunnel, darkness ensues and the sound of a loud slap is heard, immediately after the train leaves the tunnel the Spanish man's face is glowing red from the slap. The blonde thought: The Spanish man tried to grab my tits but got the fat chick instead and she slapped him. The fat chick thought: the Spanish man tried to grab the blonde's tits and she slapped him. The Spanish man thought: The Portuguese tried to grab the blonde's tits and she thought it was me, and the Portuguese man thought: My god I hope another tunnel comes along so I can slap this Spanish cunt again.
A blonde poured a glass of orange juice and stared at it for 30mins It said concentrate on the carton.
First class won't go to Detroit!! There was once a blonde woman on a plane to Detroit. She was in the economy class, but after takeoff, she saw an empty seat in first class and moved there.   An attendant saw her and said, "Excuse me, ma'am, but you have a ticket for economy class, not first. You cannot stay here."   The blonde replied, "I can and I will."   The attendant told the copilot, who came and talked to the woman. "Ma'am, we really can't have you staying in this seat, your ticket was for economy." "You can't make me move." The copilot told the captain, who tried to talk her out of the seat but it didn't work.   Finally, a man who had heard what had been going on told the attendant to let him have a go at getting the woman out of the seat because he was married to a blonde too, so he knew how to deal with her. After a quick chat with her, she moved. The shocked attendant asked him how he did it.  The man replied, "I told her first class wasn't going to Detroit."
Why can't a blonde dial 911 ? She can't find the eleven.
A blonde, brunette, and redhead are at a bank. The brunette notices the blonde is using her left hand to sign a check. "Wow, I didn't know you were left handed!" the brunette exclaims. "I'm a normie; I'm right handed." The brunette then looks over to the redhead. "What hand are you dominate with?" she asks. "I'm actually ambidextrous," the redhead replies.  The blonde suddenly seems surprised. "You like girls?!"
My favourite blonde joke So a blonde, a brunette and a red head all escaped from prison. As they were running out of the prison they came across a barn and thought they should hide in there until the police stopped looking for them. As they arrive they saw a few empty sacks and decided to hop into the different ones.  A few minutes later they hear the police sirens right outside the barn, they heard the police hop out and one of them said "yeah, they ain't in here." The other said "just kick the sacks to make sure they aren't in any of them" so the police office kicked the first bag with the brunette in it and the brunette meowed, "it's just a stupid cat" the police officer said, he kicked the next one with the red head in it and the red head made some barking sounds. "It's just a dumb dog" the police officer said. He comes up to the third bag, the one with the blonde in it, and kicks it. "Potatoes" the bag replies.
What will happen if you kill a blonde's brain cell? The other cell will die out of loneliness.
What confuses blond people? Seven.
a blond asked directions to the store this guy said, "Well that's just a hop, skip and a jump away."   "Well that's not how I'm getting there..." She said "You got directions for those who are walking?"
A blonde and a brunette are watching the news. The newscaster says that two Brazilian civilians were rescued from terrorists the night prior.  The brunette says, “what wonderful news!”  The blonde disagrees: “I don’t know where they expect to move them to - do you have any idea how many a brazillion is??”
Blonde in the church Why blonde takes a mouse to the church?  &amp;#x200B;  To click on the icons.
A blonde is being interviewed for a job. The interviewer says "In our company, any employee may be selected at random for a drug test." The blonde asks "Do you have to study a lot for them?"
Why'd the blonde get fired from the m&amp;m factory? She threw away all of the W's
Blonde Co-Pilot This is a true story of a poor ditzy blond flying in a two-seater airplane with just the pilot.  The pilot has a heart attack and dies. She, frantic,calls out a May Day.  "May Day! May Day! Help Me! Help Me! My pilot had a heart attack and is dead and I don't know how to fly. Help Me! Please Help Me!"  She hears a voice over the radio saying:   "This is Air Traffic Control and I have you loud and clear. I will talk you through this and get you back on the ground. I've had a lot of experience with this kind of problem. Now, just take a deep breath. Everything will be fine! Now give me your height and position!"  She says, "I'm 5'4 and i'm in the front seat."  (pause)  "O.K." says the voice in the radio....... "Repeat after me: Our father who art in heaven........" 
A blonde is lost in the woods When she stumbles out onto the bank of a wide fast moving river. When she gets to the edge she looks over and on the other shore is standing another blonde.   Our lost blonde yells out to the other blonde "HEY HEY YOU OVER THERE. HOW DO I GET TO THE OTHER SIDE?"  The blonde on the other shore looks up the river for bit and then she looks hard down the river and yells back:  "YOU ARE ON THE OTHER SIDE!"
A blonde was desperate for money… so she decided to go to the richer neighborhoods around town and look for odd jobs. At the first house, a man answered the door and told her. ‘Yeah, I have a job for you. Could you paint the porch?’ 'Sure,’ smiled the blonde, 'I’ll do it for $100.’ 'Great,’ the man replied. 'You’ll find the paint and stuff you need in the garage.’ The man went back into the house to his wife, who’d been listening. 'A hundred bucks! Does she know it goes all the way around the house?’ asked the wife. 'Well, she must. She was standing right on it!’ he said. About 45 minutes later, the blonde knocked on the door. 'I’m all done,’ she reported. The man was amazed. You painted the whole porch?’ 'Yeah,’ the blonde said. 'I even had some left, so I put on two coats!’ The man reached into his wallet to pay her. 'And by the way,’ said the blonde, 'that’s not a Porsche. It’s a Ferrari.’
A nun, a priest, an Irishman, a Scotsman, a rabbi and a blonde walk into a bar.  The bartender looks at them and asks, "Is this some kind of joke?"
A blonde was taking helicopter lessons... A blonde was taking helicopter lessons and she was finally ready to try it on her own. The instructor told her to radio him every 1000 feet to make sure everything was okay.   At 1000 feet she radioed him, "Everything is fine."   At 2000 feet she radioed him, "Everything is fine, just getting a little cold."   But before she reached 3000 feet the helicopter began to slowly come down. It crashed into the ground ruining the helicopter, but the blonde was fine. The instructor ran to her side to comfort her, "What happened?"   She replied, "I told you it was getting cold. So I shut off the giant fan.”
A blonde joke A guy brings his blonde girlfriend to her first ever football game. After the game he asks how she liked it. “It was good!” The blonde replied, “but I don’t understand why they were fighting over .25 cents.” The guy looks at her, perplexed. “At the beginning of the game,” the blonde explains, “they tossed a coin. One team got it. And for the rest of the game, the other team kept screaming; ‘Get the quarterback! Get the quarterback!’ Hello! It’s only .25 cents!”
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette were all lost in the desert.! They found a lamp and rubbed it. A genie popped out and granted them each one wish. The redhead wished to be back home. Poof! She was back home. The brunette wished to be at home with her family. Poof! She was back home with her family. The blonde said, "Awwww, I wish my friends were here." 
A blonde calls her mom..  Blonde: "Mom mom!! I'm a genius!"   Mother: "Really dear? How's that possible?"   Blonde: "I finished a puzzle that I've been working on for 1 year and on the box it said 'for 2-5 yrs'.
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and an old lady are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness.  On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.  The old lady thinks, “I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.”  The blonde thinks, “I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the old lady for me and she slapped him.”  The Frenchman thinks, “I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.”  The Englishman thinks, “I can’t wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.”
Albert's wife, Ruth died. The day of her funeral, he showed up with a hot 21yo blonde. Albert was ruthless
A cop pulls over a blonde Cop: "Please identify yourself ma'am" Blonde: "It's me."
A Blonde Lady Asks for a Loan A blonde woman walks into a bank in NYC before going on vacation and asks for a $5,000 loan. The banker asks, "Okay, miss, is there anything you would like to use as collateral?" The woman says, "Yes, of course. I'll use my Rolls Royce." The banker, stunned, asks, "A $250,000 Rolls Royce? Really?" The woman is completely positive. She hands over the keys, as the bankers and loan officers laugh at her. They check her credentials, make sure she is the title owner. Everything checks out. They park it in their underground garage for two weeks. When she comes back, she pays off the $5,000 loan as well as the $15.41 interest. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very appreciative of your business with us, but I have one question. We looked you up and found out that you are a multi-millionaire. Why would you want to borrow $5,000?" The woman replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
Blonde goes ice fishing A blonde decides to go ice fishing. She makes a hole in the ice and starts fishing.   Suddenly a voice from above says: “There are no fish here.”   Startled, the blonde looks around but doesn’t see anybody. She shrugs and continues.   After a while the voice comes again: “There are no fish here.” The blonde looks up and asks, “Lord? Is that you?“   The voice replies,"No, this is the ice-skating rink’s maintenance manager. Seriously, there are no fish here.” 
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead. A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are travelling in their car when they break down in the desert. They each take one thing from the car to walk back to the nearest town. "I'm taking the sandwich so if we get hungry we can eat it." says the redhead. "Okay, I'll bring some water so if we get thirsty we can drink it." says the brunette. "Awesome!" Exclaims the blonde. "I'll take the car door so if we get hot we can roll down the window!"
What do you call it when you see a smart blonde A dream
Hear about the blonde who broke her arm? She was raking leaves when she fell out of the tree.
A blond girl turns on the radio and hears that 2 Brazilian men were killed As she starts to cry she asks "How many is a Brazilian?"
A man sees a blond bombshell walk into a bar A guy is hanging out in his favorite bar when he spots a fabulous blond babe walking in on the arm of some ugly, portly Israeli man.  He asks the bartender about her and is surprised to discover that she's a prostitute. He watches her the rest of the night, amazed that someone so attractive could be available to him.  The next night he goes back to the bar, and sure enough she shows up again in all her golden-haired glory, only this time alone.  The guy gets up his nerve and approaches her.  "Is it true you're a prostitute?", he asks.    "Why, sure, big boy. What can I do for you?"     "Well, I dunno. What do you charge?"     "I get $100 just for a handjob. We can negotiate from there."     "$100!! For a handjob? Are you nuts?"     "You see that Ferrari out there?"  The guy looks out the front door, and sure enough there's a shiny new Ferrari parked outside.  "I paid cash for that Ferrari with the money I made on handjobs. "Trust me, it's worth it."  The guy mulls it over for a while, and decides what the hell. He leaves with her, and gets the most unbelievable experience he's ever had. This handjob was better than any complete sexual experience in his miserable life. The next night he's back at the bar, waiting eagerly for her to show up.  When she does, he immediately approaches her.  "Last night was incredible!", he exclaims     "Of course it was. Just wait till you try one of my blowjobs."     "How much is that?"     "$500"     "$500!?! C'mon, that's ridiculous!"     "You see that apartment building across the street?"  The guy looks out front at a 12 story penthouse apartment building.  "I paid cash for that building with the money I made on blowjobs. Trust me, it's worth it."  Based on the night before, the guy decides to go for it. He leaves with her, and once again is not disappointed. He nearly faints - twice. The next night he can hardly contain himself until she shows up.  "I'm hooked, you're the best! Tell me, what'll it cost me for some pussy?", he begs the blond.  She motions for him to follow her outside. She points down the street, where between the buildings he can see Manhattan.  "You see that island?"     "Aw, c'mon! You can't be serious about that!"  She nods her head.  "You bet. If I had a pussy, I'd own Manhattan!"
what do you do if a blonde women throws a grenade at you? Catch it pull then pin out and throw it back ..   *blonde lady
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? A mosquito stops sucking after you slap it.
A blonde is sleeping next to her husband. She notices that he has his phone on in his hand so she takes it, shuts it off and puts it on the night stand. She then turns out the lights so they can sleep. This goes on for a few more days until the husband finally says "WOULD YOU STOP!," "I AM TRYING TO READ, the blonde then asks why he didn't say anything before. He replies, "I thought this was some weird way of asking for sex."
A cop pulls over a blonde. A cop pulls over a car for going 30 mph on the interstate.  The blonde protests and says "30 mph was the speed limit on the sign."  The cop chuckles and says "no maam that is the highway number not the speed limit."   The officer notices her passengers are all rigid, ashen, shaking, and obviously scared.  "Calm down yall.  I'm only giving you a warning."  A passenger in the back responds "that isn't it officer. We just got off the 105 bypass".
A blonde gets pulled over by a blonde cop Blonde cop: May I see your driving license?  Blonde driver: Driving license? What's that?  Blonde cop: The thing with your face on it  Blonde driver: Alright  Blonde driver: Reaches in her handbag and hands over her makeup mirror to the cop  Blonde Cop: Sorry, we didn't know you were a police woman as well. Carry on!
What do you call a blonde actor with a long neck? Charlize Heron
While a blonde was driving her car.... One day while a blonde was out driving her car, she ran into a truck and cut him off couple of times. The truck driver made her pull over into a parking lot and get out of the car.    He took a piece of chalk and drew a circle on the pavement. He told her to stand in the middle and not leave the circle.    Furious, he went over to her car and slashed the tires. The blonde started laughing. This made the man angrier so he smashed her windshield.    This time the blonde laughed even harder. Livid, the man broke all her windows and keyed her car.    The blonde is now laughing hysterically, so the truck driver asks her what’s so fucking funny.    The blonde giggled and replied, “When you weren’t looking, I stepped out of the circle three times!"  Edit:^.^.^.^front^page^wuutt^&lt;3
A blonde lady was stuck in a snowstorm When she remembered her dad's advice: "If you ever get stuck in a snowstorm, wait until a snowplow drives by and then follow it." Eventually she saw a snowplow so she followed it along in her car. After 30 minutes, the snowplow driver stopped, got out, and walked up to the woman's car asking, "Lady, why are you following me?" She explained what her father had told her and the driver said, "Well I'm done with the Walmart parking lot now. Do you want to follow me to Best Buy?"
A pretty blonde woman is driving down a country road in her new sports car when something goes wrong and it breaks down. Luckily, she happens to be near a farmhouse.  She goes up to the farmhouse and knocks on the door. When the farmer answers, she says to him, "It's Sunday night and my car broke down! I don't know what to do! Can I stay here for the night until tomorrow when I can get some help?"  "Well," drawls the farmer, "you can stay here, but I don't want you messing with my sons Jed and Luke."  She looks through the screen door and sees two men standing behind the farmer. She judges them to be in the early twenties. "Okay," she says.  After they have gone to bed for the night the woman begins to get a little horny just thinking about the two boys in the room next to her. So she quietly goes into their room and says,  "Boys, how would you like for me to teach you the ways of the world?"  They say, "Huh?"  She says, "The only thing is, I don't want to get pregnant, so you have to wear these rubbers."  She puts them on the boys, and the three of them go it all night long.  Forty years later, Jed and Luke are sitting on the front porch, rocking back and forth.  Jed says, "You remember that blonde woman that came by here about forty years ago and showed us the ways of the world?"  "Yeah", says Luke, "I remember."  "Well, do you care if she gets pregnant?"  "Nope," says Luke, "I reckon not."  "Me neither" says Jed, "Let's take these things off!"
The Blonde jokes A woman yells to a blonde walking along a river, "How do I get on the other side!?" The blonde says, "You are on the other side!"  
A blonde walked into a bar. Another blonde walked into that same bar. The brunette ducked.
Blonde &amp; Brunette **Blonde**: "*What does IDK stand for*?"  **Brunette**: "*I don’t know.*"  **Blonde**: "**OMG**, *nobody does*!"     Right? Right? (:
Whats the difference between a mosquito and a blonde? The mosquito stops sucking when you slap it
Why can't a blonde dial 911? Because she can't find the 11 
Why did the blonde get excited after finising the jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months : Because the box said from 2 to 4 years
A blonde, a brunette and a red head are competing... ...in a Breaststroke Swimming competition across the English Channel.  The brunette comes in first followed by the red head.  Hours have past and the blonde is still no where to be found.  Finally, the blonde is spotted and she finishes the race in third.  She walks up to the referee and says "I don't mean to be a sore loser, but those other two girls where using their arms."
What did the blonde say after getting arrested for the illegal possession of drugs? "What do you mean illegal possession?!? I bought these drugs fair and square!"
A blond and her two friends, a redhead and a brunette, were talking about the people around them. "Eww" the redhead said to brunette. "You see that guy over there, he's picking his nose. It's so gross to pick your nose."  "Why?" the blond asked, "I would quite like to pick out a different nose for myself."
A blonde walks into a library and says “Can I have a burger and fries?” The librarian says “I’m sorry this is a library.” So the blonde whispers “Can I have a burger and fries?”
What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back.
A blonde, brunette, and redhead are enrolled in a university physics class. The day before the exam, they realize that they are in way over their heads. So, they come up with a plan to steal the answer key from the professor's office. That night, they pick the lock, check his desk drawers, and sure enough find the 100-question multiple choice answer sheet. They snap a picture of it and spend the remainder of the night carefully writing the answers on their arms.   The next morning, they are seated for the exam. The professor reads out the usual, "using a no. 2 HB pencil, circle the most appropriate answer and turn the papers in when you are done. You have 2 hours. Please begin."   The girls carefully check their arms when the proctors aren't looking and begin filling out the answers. Around the 60 minute mark, the brunette turns in her paper. At the 90 minute mark, the redhead turns in hers. The blonde manages to finish just as the exam period is over. They meet after the exam is over and are delighted that nobody seemed to notice.   Two weeks pass and the marks are posted outside the professor's office. The girls check their marks and discover that the brunette and redhead obtained perfect scores, while the blonde got a big fat zero.   "How could you fail the test?" exclaim the brunette and redhead. "You had the answers on your arm!"   The blonde sighs and says, "I was so nervous and sweaty, I don't the pencil worked on my skin!"
A blonde goes to the doctor A blonde goes to the doctor with burns on both of her ears and her right hand. "Sit down and tell me how it happened," says the doctor. "I was ironing my clothes when I received a call. Instead of picking up the phone, I picked up the iron and burned my ear." "'What about the other ear and your hand?" the doctor asked. She replied, "I tried to call for an ambulance."
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are stuck in a room ... when a gunman breaks in. He demands for all the money they have.   Desperately, the brunette points out the window and shouts, "Look! A tornado!" The gunman glances back and the brunette escapes.   The redhead sees that this works, and points at the ceiling. "Oh my god, a tarantula!" Once again, the gunman is caught off guard and the redhead escapes.   Finally, the blonde points at the wall and says, "Fire! Fire!"
A man is waiting for a bus, when he sees a blonde across the street digging a hole... ...and another blonde immediately filling the hole back in with dirt. He watches as they move up the street doing this over and over again. The first blonde digs a hole, and the second one fills the dirt right back in. After a few minutes, he decides to ask them "excuse me, what are you ladies doing?"          "We're working" the first blonde replies.         "Just the two of you?" He inquires.        "Well" the second blonde chimes in, "there's usually three of us, but the girl that plants the trees called out sick" 
A blonde walks into a library and says to the librarian "CAN I GET A BIG MAC FRIES AND A COKE?!!" The librarian says "excuse me miss.....this is a library." The blonde says...."oh im sorry (whispers) can i get a big mac fries and a coke?"
Blonde Joke A girl was visiting her blonde friend, who had acquired two new dogs, and asked her what their names were.  The blonde responded by saying that one was named Rolex and one was named Timex.  Her friend said, 'Whoever heard of someone naming dogs like that?'  'HELLLOOOOOOO......,' answered the blonde. 'They're watch dogs'!
Why did the blonde bring a ladder to the party? I told her that drinks were on the house
A blonde, redhead, and brunette escape from prison... Not far from the prison was a barn that the three ladies ran into to seek hiding from the search crew. The three found some old potato sacks in the barn and all three stuffed themselves inside one. When a police officer showed up to inspect the barn and saw three stuffed potato sacks that looked suspicious, he gave each sack a tap with his foot. When he kicked the one with the redhead inside and he heard a "meow" and said "it's just a stupid cat". When he kicked the sack with the brunette inside, he heard "woof" and said "damn dogs". When he kicked the sack with the blonde inside, he heard "potatoes! Potatoes! Potatoes!" and arrested the three on the spot. 
A blond, a brunette, and a redhead are stranded on an island... To get back to the mainland, they must swim 100 miles. The redhead swims 70 miles, and drowns. The brunette swims 90 miles, and drowns. The blond swims 50 miles, but gets tired, and swims back to the island to rest.
Three blonde ladies are sitting in a cafe chatting about various things.  one lady says, "You know, I’m getting really forgetful.This morning, I was standing at the top of the stairs, and I couldn't remember whether I had just come up or was about to go down."   The second lady says, "You think that’s bad? The other day, I was sitting on the edge of my bed, and I couldn't remember whether I was going to bed or had just woke up!"   The third lady smiles smugly, "Well, my memory’s just as good as it’s always been, knock on wood!" she says as she raps on the table. Then with a startled look on her face, she asks, "Who’s there?"
[Blonde] Three women were stranded on an island One was a red-head, the other is a brunette and the last one was a blonde. They all have a plan to swim back to the nearest city which was 50km away. The red-head goes first, swims for 7km and drowns. Then the brunette went ahead and swam next. She swam for 17km and drowned. The last one left was the blonde, she swam for a total of 30km, got tired and swam back.
A young blonde, leaving home for a one week visit to New York A young blonde, leaving home for a one week visit to New York, was told by her mother to put on clean socks every day. By the end of the week she couldn't get her shoes on. 
A blonde, a readhead and a brunette in a desert A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette were all lost in the desert. They found a lamp and rubbed it. A genie popped out and granted them each one wish. The redhead wished to be back home. Poof! She was back home. The brunette wished to be at home with her family. Poof! She was back home with her family. The blonde said, "Awwww, I wish my friends were here."
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are having coffee, discussing their daughters.  The redhead says, "I was putting away my daughter's laundry and found a pack of cigarettes in her dresser drawer! I didn't know my daughter smoked!"  The brunette says, "Well, I was cleaning my daughter's room and found a bag of weed! I didn't know my daughter does drugs!"  The blonde says, "OMG! That's nothing! I went into my daughter's night stand and found a box of condoms! I didn't know my daughter has a dick." 
Guy Says to a Blonde Girl. I bet I can guess when you were born just by fondling your boobs, Blonde girl says no way, so the guy fondles her boobs for three minutes, Blonde says OK when was I born? Guy replies Yesterday..
A blonde is putting together a puzzle. She is very frustrated and asks her husband for help. "It's supposed to be a tiger!" she cries.  "Honey," says her husband wearily, "Put the Frosted Flakes back in the box."
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead discover a magic mirror... The mirror displays a message, stating that it can confirm or deny any claim you wish to make about yourself. However, if the claim you make is incorrect, you will immediately keel over and die. The girls decide to have some fun and take turns testing themselves at this mirror.  The brunette runs forward, ecstatic at the thought of this "game".  "I think I am the most beautiful girl in the whole wide world."  She immediately falls over and dies.  The redhead goes next,  "I think I am the nicest girl in the whole world."  She, too, falls over and dies.  The blonde, hesistant, also decides to go ahead and give it a shot.  "I think.."  Her eyes roll back and she is also sent to her grave.
A blonde and a brunette are in an elevator A man gets in the elevator and they’re both checking him out. He gets off at the next floor.   Blonde: He looked good but he had some serious dandruff.   Brunette: yeah, somebody should really give him some Head &amp; Shoulders.   Blonde: good idea, but how do you give shoulders?
A blonde was going for a driving test for her license but was nervous as she’d failed 8 times before. After talking with her blonde friends they came up with a sure-fire plan. She was to pick a man as the driving instructor, and to use sex as a bargaining tactic in exchange for passing her She came back disappointed though, she failed. “What happened?” her friends asked. “When I was sucking him off, I crashed”
A blonde really needed money so she decided to go to the richer neighborhoods around town and look for odd jobs.   At the first house, a man answered the door and told her. 'Yeah, I have a job for you. Could you paint the porch?'   'Sure,' smiled the blonde, 'I'll do it for $100.'   'Great,' the man replied. 'You'll find the paint and stuff you need in the garage.'   The man went back into the house to his wife, who'd been listening. 'A hundred bucks! Does she know it goes all the way around the house?' asked the wife.   'Well, she must. She was standing right on it!' he said.   About 45 minutes later, the blonde knocked on the door. 'I'm all done,' she reported.   The man was amazed. You painted the whole porch?'   'Yeah,' the blonde said. 'I even had some left, so I put on two coats!'   The man reached into his wallet to pay her.   'And by the way,' said the blonde, 'that's not a Porsche. It's a Ferrari.'
Why did the blonde have bruises around her belly button? Her boyfriend was blonde too.
Tax? A blonde, worried about the HIV crisis A blonde, worried about the HIV crisis, walks into  a drugstore and purchases a pack of condoms. "That will be $1.08, please," says the clerk. "What's the 8 cents for?" asks the blonde.  "It says one dollar right here on the packaging." "Tax," replies the clerk. "Gee", says the blonde,  "I thought you just rolled them on and they stayed put."
A hot blonde walks into a bar She goes up to the bar and asks for a double entendre, so the bartender gave it to her.
What did the blonde haired, blue eyed soldier become when he left the army? A veteran aryan.
A blonde goes to an international message center to call her mother. When the man tells her it will be $300, she says "I don't have that kind of money, but I'll do ANYTHING to get a message to my mother."  He tells the blonde to follow him and takes her into a back room. He unzips his pants and takes out his manhood. The blonde gets on her knees, brings it toward her mouth and says, "Hello? Mom?"
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are stuck on an island The redhead tries to swim back to land, gets a quarter of the way there, gets tired, and swims back.  The brunette decides to try, swims a third of the way there, gets tired, and swims back.  Finally the blonde tries, swims half of the way there, gets tired, swims back.
So a blonde goes to a lying competition... The goal of the competition is to tell the most convincing, outrageous lie. The blonde thinks for days and days over what lie she is going to tell but she is never able to come up with a good one.  On the day of the competition, she walks up on stage, still lacking a good lie. She reaches for the microphone, grasping for any idea, and stares at the crowd. "hmm, let me think about this", she mutters to herself.  The crowd breaks into cheers and applause, confetti falls from the sky, and the Judge walks up to her, and gives her the first place award.   ( i think this is original, it works better the way my father said it in hindi, but it I hope yall like it)
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette... ...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.  The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.'  The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.'  The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.'  The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.' 
Trump is a blonde He has yellow hair!   Wocka wocka!
A blonde walks into a library... A blonde girl walks into a library, and says "I would like a BLT with double cheese, please! The librarian replies, "Young lady, this is a library."   The blonde whispers "Oh, I'm sorry. I would like a BLT with double cheese, please."
What's the difference between a mosquito and a blonde? The mosquito stops sucking when you slap it. 
A blond and a brunette jumped off the roof of a 10-story building at the exact same time. Who hit the ground first? The brunette.  The blonde had to stop and ask for directions.
Whats the difference between a mosquito &amp; a hot blonde chick? A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it
Why were the 5 gorgeous young blonde Danish fashion models sobbing their eyes out? I told them I wasn't going to give birth to them.
A husband walks in and sees his beautiful, young blonde wife A husband walks in and sees his beautiful, young blonde wife sitting at a table with a box and all its contents scattered about on the table top.  She has a puzzled, frustrated expression on her face as she moves the pieces around.  He asks... "Honey, what are you doing?". To which she replies "I've been trying to do this jigsaw puzzle.  It's supposed to be a tiger -- but it's so hard!"  He tells her "Baby, put the Frosted Flakes back in the box."  Edit: added an omitted word.
A blond go into parachute shop She come to the cashier and ask him how to use the parachute, he then explain to her that after she jump, she need to pull the yellow string. She ask him "But what if i will pull it and the parachute won't open?". He then explain her that this is a special parachute with backup, and if the yellow string won't open the parachute, then she need to pull the red string to open the second parachute.   So then the blond ask him, but what if I will pull the red string but the parachute won't open? So the cashier tell her to come the next day and he will give her a refund.
Man asks blonde for coffee without cream. Blonde replies: "We're out of cream. Would you prefer coffee without milk instead?"
One day a blond walks into a doctors office One day a blond walks into a doctors office with both of her ears burnt. The doctor asks her what had happened. She says, "well... when I was ironing my work suit the phone rang and I mistakenly picked up the iron instead of the phone. "Well that explains one ear, but what about the other." "The bastard called again"
A blonde mom is cooking dinner when her daughter walks in. The daughter asks, “Mom, why do people think we blondes are stupid?” Her mother replies, “I’ll show you”, and taps hard on the kitchen counter.  Somewhat confused, the daughter says, “Someone’s at the door!”.  The mother laughs. “This is why people think we’re stupid. Now watch over the stove for me while I answer the door.”
So a blonde buys headphones... ...and asks if it comes with a pair of iPhones.
What do you call a blond doing a handstand? A brunette with bad breath. 
Why did the blonde have square boobs? Because she forgot to take the tissues out of the box
In The Woods. A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead were walking through the woods one night when they happened upon some tracks.   "I think they're moose tracks!", said the blonde.   "No, they're deer tracks!", said the brunette.   "Nuh uh, these are elk tracks!", chirped the redhead.   ...they were still arguing about it when the train hit them.
What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning? Pulls her pants up and goes home.
What's the difference between a mosquito and a blonde? The mosquitos stops sucking after you fucking slap it 
A Blonde and a Lawyer are Seated Next To Each Other A blonde and a lawyer are seated next to each other on a flight from LA to NY. The lawyer asks if she would like to play a fun game? The blonde, tired, just wants to take a nap, politely declines and rolls over to the window to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists and explains that the game is easy and a lot of fun. He explains, “I ask you a question, and if you don’t know the answer, you pay me $5.00, and vice versa.” Again, she declines and tries to get some sleep. The lawyer, now agitated, says, “Okay, if you don’t know the answer you pay me $5.00, and if I don’t know the answer, I will pay you $500.00.” This catches the blonde’s attention and, figuring there will be no end to this torment unless she plays, agrees to the game. The lawyer asks the first question. “What’s the distance from the earth to the moon?”  The blonde doesn’t say a word, reaches into her purse, pulls out a $5.00 bill and hands it to the lawyer. “Okay” says the lawyer, “your turn.”  She asks the lawyer, “What goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four legs?” The lawyer, puzzled, takes out his laptop computer and searches all his references, no answer. He taps into the air phone with his modem and searches the net and the library of congress, no answer. Frustrated, he sends e-mails to all his friends and coworkers, to no avail. After an hour, he wakes the blonde, and hands her $500.00. The blonde says, “Thank you,” and turns back to get some more sleep. The lawyer, who is more than a little miffed, wakes the blonde and asks, “Well, what’s the answer?” Without a word, the blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5.00, and goes back to sleep. 
How do you drown a blonde? Put a scratch-and-sniff sticker at the bottom of a swimming pool.
A female blond police officer pulls over another blond female driver.. Blond police officer: "Can I see your license and registration?" Driver: "What's a license?" Police officer: "It's a thing in your purse with your picture on it." Driver: *Fumbles through purse and finds her reflection on a mirror and hands it to the officer* Police officer: *looks in mirror and sees own reflection and hands the mirror back the driver* Police officer: "I'm so sorry for pulling you over, I didn't know you were a fellow officer, have a great day" *Walks away*
One day a blond walks into a doctors office with both of her ears burnt.  The doctor asks her what had happened. She says, "well... when I was ironing my work suit the phone rang and I mistakenly picked up the iron instead of the phone. "Well that explains one ear, but what about the other." "The bastard called again"
How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday? Tell her the joke on Wednesday.
A blonde takes part in a game show [Disclaimer: I don't know whether this counts as a joke, if not please tell me which subreddit would be suitable, 'cause it's actually a pretty fun "story"]  First question: how long did the Hundred Years War last?  a) 99 years  b) 116 years  c) 100 years  d) 150 years  The blonde prefers to use her one free pass joker at this point, so here comes the next question: where does the Panama hat originate from?  a) Ecuador   b) Venezuela  c) Colombia  d) Panama  The blonde asks the public's help joker and here comes the next question: what was George VI's first name?  a) Albert  b) Jonah  c) George  d) Constantine  The blonde uses the 50:50 joker and here comes the next question: during which month do the Russians celebrate the October Revolution?  a) September  b) October  c) November  d) February  The blonde uses the phone call joker and here comes the next question: which animal gave its name to the Canary Islands?  a) Seal  b) Canary  c) Monkey  d) Cat  The blonde says the wrong answer and loses the game.  Did you laugh at the blonde for using her jokers to answer such *easy* questions? Well, here are the correct answers:  1 - 116 years (from 1337 to 1453)  2 - Ecuador  3 - Albert  4 - November (because the Russians' calendar used to be Julian as opposed to Gregorian (in the latter, the revolution's date is 7 November)  5 - Seal (monk seal = *canis marinus* or sea dog / Canariae Insulae = Islands of the Dogs)
How do you kill a blonde? Tell her there's a scratch and sniff at the bottom of the pool.
A blonde girl... ...wants to know what life is like as a brunette girl, so she goes to the hairdresser and has her hair died brown.   Eager to show the world her newly acquired intelligence, she goes on a walk and meets a shepherd. She walks towards him and says:   "if i can guess how many sheep you have in your pack, can I have one?"  "fair deal" the shepherd says and the blonde guesses "457". The shepherd, really surprised about the ability of the girl, says "a deal is a deal, you guessed the right number, pick a sheep and you can keep it".   After the girl has picked her favourite of the pack, the shepherd says:  "if i can guess, which colour your hair had before you dyed it brown, can i get my dog back?"
A blonde drops off a shirt at the cleaners... A blonde drops off a shirt at the cleaners. On the way out of the door the lady at the counter says come again. The blonde says no, its toothpaste this time. 
How does a blonde like her eggs in the morning? Unfertillized
Why did the blonde get fired from the M&amp;M factory? For throwing out all the w's.
Russian, mexican, cop, blonde, doctor and a priest walk into a bar... And the bartender looks at them and starts yelling: What is this!? Some kind of a joke?
Cop sees a blonde with a bunch of penguins in the back of her car So he stops her and asks her what she is doing with a bunch of penguins. She says she just saw them on the road and opened the door and they got in.   "You've got to take those penguins to the zoo," he says. Next day he sees her again with the penguins still in the back of her car.  Cop: Lady I thought I told you to take those penguins to the zoo.  Blonde: I did and we had such a good time, today we're going to the park.
Why did the blonde stand on a chair? She was trying to raise her IQ. 
Did you hear about the blonde that tried to walk around the world? She drowned.
A drunk and a ditzy blond are walking on a train track... The drunk tells the blond "I don't think these stairs will ever end." The ditzy blond replies "I know and the worst part are these low handrails."
How do you know when a blonde has been using your computer? There is white-out on the screen. How do you know that another blonde has been using the computer? Someone has written on the white-out.
The Blonde in the Boat A blonde was driving down a country road when she spotted another blonde sitting in a row boat in the middle of a corn field. Being miffed by the ridiculousness of this situation, she pulled her car over and proceeded to yell at the other blonde, “You know, it’s blondes like you that give blondes like me a bad name! If I could swim, I would come out there and beat you!” 
A blond girl , brunet girl, and black haired girl die and start their journey up to heaven. Now to get to heaven these girls have to go up 100 steps. On each step there is a joke. If you laugh at a joke you fall straight to hell.  Now the brunet girl gets to about 25 steps then laughs hysterically at a joke about a dyslexic man. The black haired girl goes much farther to about step 75 but then let's out a little chuckle at a joke about a cowboy.  But the blond girl almost goes all the way until she was just about to step on the 100th step and then she begins to laugh. God asks her "why are you laughing you were just about to make it into heaven."  "Because, I finally got the first joke" 
A blonde, brunette, and redhead are all running from these police officers. They find a shack that has 3 potato sacks in it and decide to hide there in the sacks. The police officers find the shack and see the sacks.  They kick the first one with the brunette in it. She says "Meow, meow!". So they think it's a cat in there.  They move on and kick the second one with the redhead in it. She says "Ruff, ruff!, and they think it's a dog in it.  So they kick the last one with the blonde in it and she says "Potato, potato!"   After that, they escaped Into the jungle. And each one runs up a tree. The police officers are hot on their tail, and they unleash the dogs. The dogs run up to the Brunette’s tree, and start barking. Thinking quickly, the brunette says “Hissss hissss”.  “Stupid dogs! It’s just a snake!”  On to the Redhead’s tree they go and the dogs bark even louder and more aggressively! Not wanting to be caught, the Red Head says “CAWWW, CAWWW”  “Stupid dogs! It’s just a bird!”  The police officers drag their dogs away until they start barking on the blonde’s tree, ravenously trying to climb it and savagely barking. The blonde thanks for a bit, and realizes she has to deter the dogs like the others did. So, the blonde says “Moooooooo”.  Obviously, the police catch all three of them on account of the blonde being so stupid. They are sentenced to death so, the police officers line them up against the wall, and pick up their rifles.  “All right you scum, any last words?”  The brunette screams “Look out for the tornado!”  The police officers quickly turn as the brunette runs away. They’re not happy, but they still have two of the criminals. “All right, any last words?”  The redhead points and screams “A flood!”  The police officers turn as the redhead runs away. As the police officers are turning back towards the blonde, she points and screams “Fire!”
I dumped my blonde girlfriend after she tried to poke holes in one of the condoms. She might have gotten away with it had I not been wearing it at the time.
A blonde girl met a nice guy at her father's funeral They hit it off immediately. Obviously, she was too grief stricken to make a move then.   A few days later, she asked around but was unable to reach him.  So, a week later, she killed her mom.
What do a fake blonde and an airplane have in common? They both have a black box
Blonde Girl and Dandruff Problem A blonde girl was talking to her redhead friend about her boyfriend's dandruff problem. The redhead says "Why don't you give him Head and Shoulders?" The blonde replies, "How do you give shoulders?" 
A blonde notices her coworker has a thermos. She walks up to him and asks it what it is for. The coworker replies, "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold."   The blonde immediately buys one for herself, and proudly displays it the next day at work.   Her coworker asks, "What do you have in it?"   "Soup and ice cream," the blonde replies.  
Blonde Auto Repair... A blonde was driving to the mall (of course!) when she got caught in a sudden hailstorm with hail the size of golf balls. Her car was ruined. She took it to a body shop and asked the appraiser, "How much to fix it?" The appraiser's answer was $5,000. The fair-hair girl exclaims, "Wow! That much? Isn't there something else I could do?" He decided to have a little fun. "Well, maybe if you blew real hard into the tail pipe, those dents would just pop out." "Really? Okay. Thanks," she said, never batting a long lash. She was lying on her garage floor with her lips around the exhaust pipe when her blonde roommate came up. "What are you doing?" she shrieked, fearing the worst. "I'm blowing into the tailpipe to pop out all those dents." "Oh, you silly! That won't work," replied her friend. "First, you need to roll up the windows!"
So a blonde is rowing a boat out in the middle of a field... When a second blonde sees this from the edge of the field she yells out in anger, "What are you doing rowing a boat out in the middle of a field?!?! It's people like you that give all of us blondes a bad name!"  Hearing this the blonde stops her rowing and stares back with a confused look on her face.  To this the second blonde replies, "Your so dumb! If I could swim I would come out there and kick your ass!" 
A blonde is on the bus when this guy gets on with both of his front trouser pockets full of golf balls and sits down next to her. The confused blonde keeps looking at him and his bulging pockets...  He notices her looking and eventually, after many such glances from her, he says, “It’s golf balls.”  Nevertheless, the blonde continues to look at him for a very long time, appearing to think deeply about what he had said.  After several minutes, she can’t contain her curiosity any more and asks, “Does it hurt as much as tennis elbow?”  
Three blonde dudes drive into the desert When they are in the middle of the day, their car breaks down. For their hike to town, they each decide to take one thing with them.  One blonde takes a tire. The second bloke takes a seat. The last blonde takes one of the car doors.   The first man says to the other two “I’m bringing the tire because if I can't walk anymore, the tire will take me. The second says:  But the seat is more comfortable than the tire. They both then look at the third and ask: Why bring a car door?”  The thirty blonde man replies,  “Dudes, if I get hot, I can just roll down the window.”
A blond walks into a bar. And another. And another.
A German ugly man, a ravishing blonde and an ultra-hot brunette are sitting in a train on its way through the Alps. The hotties are talking and at some point the man listens to this:  Blonde: "I heard Native Americans have not only nice dicks but they are also very long!"  Brunette "Yes, I've heard of that. The weird thing is that Polish men also have very nice penises but they are also very thick!"  The man instantly drops in:  Man: "Uh, ah.. Ladies may I introduce myself? Hello, my name is Winnetou Kowalski."
Driving test (Blonde) Why did the blonde keep failing her driving test? Every time the instructor said "let's start" she would jump to the backseat ...  .... ....
What did the blonde do after she combed her hair? .. She pulled her pants up. 
How did the blonde die raking leaves? She fell out of the tree.
There was a blonde a redhead and a brunette. There was a blonde a redhead and a brunette. They all decided to go to the bar and they got fake ids because they were underage.   So they go in and the bartender knows they are underage so he call the cops. The readhead informs the girls that the bartender has called the cops and they have to leave.   So they go out the back door and they see this barn. They go inside and the redhead notices 3 potato sacks on the floor.   She tells the girls to each hide in a potato sack. Then the police arrive in the bar, and the bartender takes them out back to look around.   They go into the barn and look everywhere. One cop says "They might be in those potato sacks". So he kicks the first one containing the redhead and hears "woof woof". "That's a dog" he thinks to himself.   He kicks the second bag containing the brunette and hears "Meow, meow" "Well that must be a cat" he thinks.   Finally, he kicks the last bag containing the blonde and hears in a slow voice "PO TA TO , PO TA TO"!
Bob and the blonde Bob walked into a sports bar around 9:58 PM.  He sat down next to a blonde at the bar and stared up at the TV.   The 10 PM news was coming on.  The news crew was covering the story  of a man on the ledge of a large building  preparing to jump.   The blonde looked at Bob and said,  "Do you think he'll jump?"   Bob said,  "You know, I bet he'll jump."   The blonde replied,  "Well, I bet he won't."   Bob placed a $20 bill on the bar and said,  "You're on!"  Just as the blonde placed her money on the bar, the guy on the ledge did a swan dive off the building, falling to his death.   The blonde was very upset, but willingly handed her $20 to Bob. "Fair's fair. Here's your money."   Bob replied,  "I can't take your money.  I saw this earlier on the 5 PM news,  so I knew he would jump."   The blonde replied,  "I did, too,  but I didn't think he'd do it again."   Bob took the money.  
The blonde joke to end all blonde jokes! A blonde woman was speeding down the road in her little red sports car and was pulled over by woman police officer,who was also a blonde.  The blonde cop asked to see the blonde's driver license.She dug through her purse and was getting progressively more agitated.  "What does it look like?" she finally asked.The police woman replied "Its square and it has your picture on it."  The driver finally found a square mirror in her purse,looked at it and handed it to the police woman. "Here it is" she said.  The blonde officer looked at the mirror,then handed it back saying "Ok,you can go,I didn't relize you were a cop..."
A blonde joke you probably haven't heard for a while ... Hillary Clinton
How do you keep a blonde busy for 7 hours? Give a piece of paper that has the words "Turn Over" on both sides
A man comes home from work to his blonde wife A man comes home from work to find his blonde wife naked and sliding down the railing. "What do you think you're doing?" he asks.  She responds, "Just heating up dinner."
Two Brunettes and a Blonde Two brunettes and a blonde are attempting to fix a roof. While they are on the roof, a herd of cattle run by and knock down the ladder and leave a big pile of poop behind.  The two brunettes decide to make the blonde check how deep the poop is so they can jump down. So the blonde jumps down and yells, "It's ankle deep."  So the two brunettes jump down and scream, "What are you talking about?! It's up to our heads!"  And the blonde replies, "Well, I jumped in head first."
A man and a blonde woman in a swimsuit are stranded on a deserted island. The woman asks the man, "When was the last time you had a smoke?", she then unzips her swimsuit a little and pulls out a cigar, the man replies, "Thank you", and takes the cigar. Soon after, the woman asks the man, "When was the last time you had a drink?", she then unzips her swimsuit halfway down and pulls out a can of beer, the man replies, "Thank you my dear", and takes the can of beer. When the man had finished the beer, the woman unzips her swimsuit nearly all the way down and asks the man, "When was the last time you played around?"  The man replied, "You wouldn't have a set of golf clubs in there would you?"
Hi do you kill a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool!
A blonde woman and John are travelling in a train.. John introduced himself to the blonde and so did she.   *insert gibberish talking here between them  after a while John asks the Blonde.  "How about we spend this night like husband and wife?"    Blonde, "Sure why not"    John, "Ok then, Stop talking and let me sleep"   
What would you do if a blond threw a hand grenade at you? You would pull the pin and throw it back
A Blond walks into a Bar "Ouch"
A blonde gets her car damaged in a hail storm It's a mess. looks basically like a golf ball--dents everywhere.  So she takes it to a body shop, and the technician sees she's blonde and decides to have some fun.  He tells her that the fix is simple, that as soon as the tailpipe is cool, to blow into it and all the dents will just pop right out.  Thrilled to believe the repair will be a simple one, she immediately takes the car home, and starts blowing on the exhaust after it's cooled down.  But it doesn't work.  obviously.  Right about this time, her friend (also blonde) comes over and sees her struggling.  her friend asks "ermergerrrhd what are you doingggg"  the first blonde explains the body shop technician's instructions.  The second blond looks dumbfounded at her and says, "ughhh duhhh you have to roll the windows up first"
A blind man walks into a bar. He sits down and says "Who here wan't to hear a blond joke?" The waitress says "Oh honey, I'm blond!   And my co worker is blond too.  Also, the lady sitting next to you is blond as well.  Are you sure you wan't to tell it?"  The blind guy says "No, I guess not.  Thanks for the warning.  I don't have time to explain it three times".    &amp;#x200B;
Have you heard about 'Blond Bombshell', the super hero capable of generating nuclear power with her boobs? Some say they're super fissile.
A blonde and a redhead are swapping sex stories The blonde says "I got with a guy in the park last night." to which the redhead replied "Thats nothing, I got with two Brazilian guys last night." The blonde replies in amazement, "Oh wow, I didn't know there were that many guys."
A blonde and a brunette jump off a cliff at the exact same time. Who hits the ground first? The brunette. The blonde had to stop and ask for directions.
BLOND FATHER A blond man and a brunette woman were happily married and about to have a baby. One day, the wife started having contractions, so the husband rushed her to the hospital, and she gave birth to two baby boys. The blond man turned to his wife and yelled, "All right, who's the other father?"
A blonde is at the diner A blonde is at a diner and when the waitress comes to take the order, the blonde reads the name tag out loud:  'Debbie, how sweet.... what do you call the other one?'
How do you kill a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff sticker on the bottom of a swimming pool.
A Blonde woman sees a doctor Woman: I have a problem with my nipples, they're hard all the time.  Doctor: Let me see  Woman shows her breasts to the doctor  Doctor: I'm afraid your condition is contagious.  Woman: Really?  Doctor: Yes. Just look at how hard my penis is right now.
A blonde goes to the library to get a book. A blonde goes to the library to get a book. A few days later, she comes back and says to librarian at the counter, "This book was very boring. It had too many characters and too many numbers, so I would like to return it." The librarian says to her coworkers, "So here's the person who took our phone book!" 
THE BLONDE AND THE COW A blonde city girl named Amy marries a Colorado rancher. One morning, on his way out to check on the cows, the rancher says to Amy, "'The insemination man is coming over to impregnate one of our cows today, so I drove a nail into the 2 by 4 just above where the cow's stall is in the barn. Please show him where the cow is when he gets here, OK?"   The rancher leaves for the fields. After a while, the artificial insemination man arrives and knocks on the front door.  Amy takes him down to the barn. They walk along the row of cows and when Amy sees the nail, she tells him, "This is the one right here."  The man, assuming he is dealing with an air head blond, asks, "Tell me lady, 'cause I'm dying to know. How would YOU know that this is the right cow to be bred?"  "That's simple," she said. "By the nail that's over its stall," she explains very confidently.  Laughing rudely at her, the man says, "And what, pray tell, is the nail for?"  The blond turns to walk away and says sweetly over her shoulder, "I guess it's to hang your pants on." 
How do you confuse a blonde? Give her a coloring book, and tell her to color in all the pages with a white crayon.
Talking to a blonde at the bar last night (My favorite joke) So I was at the bar last night and I saw this beautiful blonde woman across the room. I was so enchanted by her super-model like beauty that I walked over and started talking to her. I asked her what she does and she told me that she's a neurosurgeon.    Now I don't know if this makes me sexist, but I was really impressed. Usually, most women can't pull off sarcasm.   Credit: Heard this from the comedian Anthony Jeselnik from his stand up on netflix. 
A blonde pushes her BMW into a gas station.  A blonde pushes her BMW into a gas station. She tells the mechanic it died.  After he works on it for a few minutes, it is idling smoothly.   She says, 'What's the story?'   He replies, 'Just crap in the carburetor'  She asks, 'How often do I have to do that?'  
A Blonde boards a airplane... A blonde gets on an airplane and sits down in the first class section of the plane. The stewardess rushes over to her and tells her she must move to coach because she doesn’t have a first class ticket.   The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m smart, I have a good job, and I’m staying in first class until we reach Jamaica.”   The disgusted stewardess gets the head stewardess who asks the blonde to leave.   The blonde yet again repeats “I’m blonde, I’m smart, I have a good job and I’m staying in first class until we reach Jamaica.”   The head stewardesses doesn’t even know what to do at this point because they still have to get the rest of the passengers seated to take off; the blonde is causing a problem with boarding now, so the stewardess gets the copilot. The copilot goes up to the blonde and whispers in her ear. She immediately gets up and goes to her seat in the coach section.   The head stewardess asks the copilot in amazement what he said to get her to move to her correct seat.   The copilot replies, “I told her the front half of the airplane wasn’t going to Jamaica.”
A flight is on its way to Sydney when a blonde in economy class gets up, and moves to the first class section and sits down The flight attendant watches her do this, and asks to see her ticket.  She then tells the blonde that she paid for economy class, and that she will have to sit in the back.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”.  The flight attendant goes into the cockpit and tells the pilot and the co-pilot that there is a blonde bimbo sitting in first class, that belongs in economy, and won’t move back to her seat.  The co-pilot goes back to the blonde and tries to explain that because she only paid for economy she will have to leave and return to her seat.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”.  The co-pilot tells the pilot that he probably should have the police waiting when they land to arrest this blonde woman who won’t listen to reason.  The pilot says, “You say she is a blonde? I’ll handle this, I’m married to a blonde. I speak blonde”.  He goes back to the blonde and whispers in her ear, and she says, “Oh, I’m sorry” and gets up and goes back to her seat in economy.  The flight attendant and co-pilot are amazed and asked him what he said to make her move without any fuss.  I told her, “First class isn’t going to Sydney “     Edit: Thanks for the gold. Thanks for the comments. Thanks for the abuse - whilst highlighting that it is an unoriginal joke. At no point did I proclaim to have written it, but it is a cracking joke.  
A Blonde finds a box of cheerios "Aw, these donut seeds are so cute!"
What do you call a blond with one strand of hair dyed black? A glimmer of hope
What did the blonde say to her doctor when he told her she was pregnant? "Is it mine?" 
Blonde tries Horseback Riding Another old joke I heard back in the 90's....  A blonde decided to get over her fear of horses and go horseback riding. She located a horse, payed, and started riding. At first it seemed gentle enough, everything was going well, and she thought this is nothing, I can do this!   After a little bit, the horse started going faster and it got a bit bumpy, but she was enjoying the thrill of the ride! Suddenly it really sped up. It took all her strength to hang on. Eventually she slipped from the saddle but a piece of her clothing got caught. She was stuck upside-down. Her head started smashing on the ground and she started losing consciousness.   Luckily, an employee saw this happen, rushed over and unplugged the coin operated ride.
Why did blonde get excited after finishing a puzzle in 6 months? Because the box said 2-4 years
Kidnapping Blonde A blonde, out of money, and down on her luck after buying air at a real bargain, needed money desperately. To raise cash, she decided to kidnap a child and hold him for ransom. She went to the local playground, grabbed a kid randomly, took her behind a building, and told her, "I've kidnapped you." She then wrote a big note saying, "I've kidnapped your kid. Tomorrow morning, put $10,000 in a paper bag and leave it under the apple tree next to the slides, on the south side of the playground. Signed, A blonde." The blonde then pinned the note to the kid's shirt and sent him home to show it to his parents. The next morning, the blonde checked, and sure enough, a paper bag was sitting beneath the apple tree. The blonde looked in the bag and found the $10,000 with a note that said, "How could you do this to a fellow blonde?"
a blonde at a vending machine A blonde comes to a vending machine, then she inserts a coin inside. She pushes a button and the vending machine releases a drink. The blonde puts the drink at the top of the vending machine, inserts a coin again, presses the button again and places another drink at the top. After this happens several times another person says to the blonde:   "Madam, there are several other people waiting for a drink."   The blonde replies: "Shhh! Can't you see I am WINNING now?"
A guy gets matched with a couple and a gorgeous blonde for a round of golf... During the round he flirts with the blonde a bit.  On the 16th, he says, "How about after the round, I buy you a drink at the club house?"    "I have a better idea," she replies, "I have a place on the lake not far from here.   Why don't we head there for some fun. "  Not believing his luck, the guy agrees.   When they get to her house, the gorgeous blonde quickly pulls off the man's pants and proceeds to give him a BJ.  After some time, the blonde says, "Before we go any further, I have to tell you something: I'm actually a man."  "You son of a bitch," the guy replies, "you played the whole round from the lady's tees!"
A blond American woman travels to Australia... To meet her boyfriend. They go out on a date and he decides to take her out to a restaurant.  They have a good time and are finished eating, so the guy calls for the bill.  The woman suddenly says "Wait -- when did we start a game of chess? And how did you win so quickly?" 
Why'd the blond take a ladder to the bar? She heard the drink were on the house. 
Girl goes back to her dorm room and tells her very blonde roommate... “I slept with a BRAZILIAN MAN last night!" Her roommate replies, "OMG YOU SLUT! How many is a Brazilian???!!"
Circa 1994: A blonde walks into an appliance store and says to the salesman. "excuse me sir,  I would like to buy that television over there"  "Sorry ma'am we don't sell to blondes" the salesman replies   Appalled the blonde scoffs and storms out the door  She comes back with a red wig on and tries again only to have the man tell her   "Sorry ma'am we don't sell to blondes"  She throws her wig and storms out  She comes back as a brunette and gives the same request  "SIR I WOULD LIKE TO BUY THAT TV!" She says firmly.  The man exhausted repeats, "ma'am we don't sell to blondes"   Irate she throws her wig  "How do you keep guessing I'm a blonde! "  The salesman smiles and replies  " because that tv you're trying to buy is a microwave"  Side note:  I understand younger redditors won't understand.  
[blond] A blond walks into an electronic's shop. She points to the special offer (50% off!) and says "I want to buy that TV."  The cashier replies "I'm sorry, but we don't serve blonds here."  So, the blond goes home. The next day, she dyes her hair a fabulous brunette, and goes back into the same store, points at the same special, and says "I want that TV, please."  The cashier replies "I'm sorry, but we don't serve blonds here."  The blond goes home, just a little flustered. Next day, she dyes her hair red, making sure to get every single hair. Checks in the mirror, just in case, goes back into the same store, points at the same special, and says "I want to buy that TV, please."  The cashier responds "I'm sorry, we don't serve blonds here."  "Come the fuck on!" The blond shouts. "I've come in as a blond, and a brunette, and a redhead, and you've always said I'm a blond! How in the fuck did you know?"  "Well mamn", replies the cashier, "It's because that's not a TV, it's a microwave."
How do you drown a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff at the bottom of a swimming pool.
A blonde was speeding.... A blonde was speeding in a 25 mile per hour residental zone when a local police cruiser pulled her over.   The female police officer who walked up to the car also happened to be a blonde.   She asked for the blonde's driver's license.   The driver searched frantically in her purse for a while and finally said to the blonde policewoman, "What does a driver's license look like?'   Irritated, the blonde cop said, "Don't be a smartass!, it's got your picture on it!"   The blonde driver frantically searched her purse again and found a small, rectangular mirror down at the bottom.   She held it up to her face and said, "Aha! This must be my driver's license", then handed it to the blonde policewoman.   The blonde cop looked in the mirror, handed it back to the driver and said, "You're free to go. And, if I had known you were a police officer too, we could have avoided all of this."
A blonde guy gets home early from work and hears strange noises coming from the bedroom. He rushes upstairs to find his wife naked on the bed, sweating and panting. "What's up?" he says. "I'm having a heart attack," cries the woman. He rushes downstairs to grab the phone, but just as he's dialing, his 4-year-old son comes up and says,"Daddy! Daddy! Uncle Ted's hiding in your closet and he's got no clothes on!" The guy slams the phone down and storms upstairs into the bedroom, past his screaming wife, and rips open the wardrobe door. Sure enough, there is his brother, totally naked, cowering on the closet floor. You rotten bastard, "says the husband,"my wife's having a heart attack and you're running around naked scaring the kids!!!”
A blonde drops her car off at a garage and then pops off to the bar. When she comes back she says "whasmatter wi ma car?" "Piston broke" "Okay, don't worry, I'll write you a cheque"
A blonde and her boyfriend were going somewhere in a car. While taking a left turn the boyfriend asks " Babe , can you check if the indicator is working. "  The blonde look around and says  " Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes..."
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito.....? ...when you smack a mosquito it stops sucking.
Why can't a blonde count to 70? Because 69 is a mouthful.
BREAKING NEWS : 99 Blonde women dead in Train Accident The media swarmed the train station in no time and asked an eye witness.   He said "100 blonde women were protesting against all the mockery they are facing due to blonde hair. As soon as there was an announcement saying that the train will arrive shortly ON PLATFORM no.1, 99 of the blonde women protesting jumped from platform to the train track, thus causing the accident"   When the lone survior was asked what made her to not jump with the others, she said, she was too depressed and actually tried to commit suicide.   PS : sorry, if it's already posted.
A blonde walks into a bar. Forever bumping her head.
Two blonde women walk into a bar Neither of them knew what hit them
A blonde walks in on her husband cheating on her Sobbing uncontrollably, she pulls out the gun from the drawer and puts the barrel under her chin.  "No, honey! Don't! I'm sorry; don't leave me alone with the kids!"  Glaring through her tears, the blonde yells:  "Oh, don't worry. You're going to be next."
One blonde asks the other blonde when is Thanksgiving Blond 1: What day is Thanksgiving this year?  Blonde 2: I think Friday.  Blonde 1: Thank God it's not the 13th!
A blonde was taking helicopter lessons A blonde was taking helicopter lessons and she was finally ready to try it on her own. The instructor told her to radio him every 1000 feet to make sure everything was okay.  At 1000 feet she radioed him, "Everything is fine."  At 2000 feet she radioed him, "Everything is fine, just getting a little cold."  But before she reached 3000 feet the helicopter began to slowly come down. It crashed into the ground ruining the helicopter, but the blonde was fine. The instructor ran to her side to comfort her, "What happened?"  She replied, "I told you it was getting cold. So I shut off the giant fan.”
Blonde goes to see her doctor... Blonde - Doctor please help, it hurts everywhere. Doctor - Show me where it hurts the most. Blonde - Here,here and here (pointing at her neck, back, and legs). Doctor - I'm sorry, you have Fibromyalgia.
New Blonde Paint Have you heard about DuPont's new Blonde paint?  They are really excited about it and have put together a great slogan.  Blonde paint, its cheap, not to bright, and spreads easily.
Why did eighteen blonde women go to the movie theater? It said under 17 not permitted.
A blonde sees a firefighter drive past her Blonde: Please help me! My cat is stuck in a tree.  Firefighter: Of course! I'll just take my fire truck around the block and meet you at your house. I can't turn around or back up too easily.  Blonde: Oh, that's a fire truck? Sorry to bother you, my cat's not on fire.
Why did the blonde get excited after finishing her puzzle in 6 months? The box said 2-4 years.
A blonde called her boyfriend and said, Please come over here and help me I have a killer jigsaw puzzle, and I can’t figure out how to get it started.”  Her boyfriend asked, “What is it supposed to be when it’s finished?”  The blonde said, “According to the picture on the box, it’s a tiger.”  Her boyfriend decided to go over and help with the puzzle. She let him in and showed him where she had the puzzle spread all over the table. He studied the pieces for a moment, then looked at the box, then turned to her and said, “First of all, no matter what we do, we’re not going to be able to assemble these pieces into anything resembling a tiger.”  He took her hand and said, “Second, I’d want you to relax… Let’s have a nice cup of tea, and then…”  He sighed, “let’s put all these Frosted Flakes back in the box.”  
A blonde, a drunk, and a law student walk into a bar at the same time And they'll never know it...
What did the midget say hugging the blonde's leg? Your hair smells nice 
Blonde joke A ventriloquist is performing with his dummy on his lap. He’s telling a dumb-blonde joke when a young platinum-haired beauty jumps to her feet. “What gives you the right to stereotype blondes that way?” she demands. “What does hair color have to do with my worth as a human being?” Flustered, the ventriloquist begins to stammer out an apology. “You keep out of this!” she yells. “I’m talking to that little jerk on your knee!”
What did the blonde philosophy major say when she got upset? I Kant even.
A BLONDE'S BRAIN AT WORK A blonde, a brunette and a redhead all work for a female boss who always goes home early. "Hey girls," says the brunette. "Let's go home early tomorrow. She'll never know." So the next day, they all leave right after their boss. The brunette gets some extra gardening done, the redhead goes to a bar, and the blonde goes home to find her husband having sex with the female boss. She quietly sneaks out of the house and returns at her normal time. "That was fun," says the brunette. "We should do it again sometime." "No way," says the blonde. "I almost got caught."
Texan Blonde Ain't Wrong. Three women go down to Mexico one night to celebrate college graduation.   They get drunk and wake up in jail, only to find that they are to be executed in the morning – though none of them can remember what they did the night before.  The first one, a redhead, is strapped in the electric chair and is asked if she has any last words.  She says, “I just graduated from Trinity Bible College and believe in the almighty power of God to intervene on the behalf of the innocent.”  They throw the switch and nothing happens.  They all immediately fall to the floor on their knees, beg for forgiveness, and release her.  The second one, a brunette, is strapped in and gives her last words.  “I just graduated from the Harvard School of Law and I believe in the power of justice to intervene on the part of the innocent.”  They throw the switch and again, nothing happens.  Again they all immediately fall to their knees, beg for forgiveness and release her.  The last one, a blonde, is strapped in and says, “Well, I’m from the University of Texas and just graduated with a degree in Electrical Engineering, and I’ll tell ya right now, ya’ll ain’t gonna electrocute nobody if you don’t plug this thing in.”
Why does a blonde keeps two glasses next to her bed at night, one full of water and one empty? When she wakes up in the middle of the night, she either is or isn't thirsty.
[Blonde Joke] A blonde woman is walking around town with her breast exposed A man walks up to her and says "ma'am did you know your boob is out?"  The blonde looks down, seeing her exposed breast screams "OH MY GOD I LEFT MY BABY ON THE BUS" 
A blonde walked into a gas station... A blonde walked into a gas station and told the manager, "I locked my keys in my car and I was wondering if you had a coat hanger I could stick through the window and unlock the door."    "Why, sure," said the manager, "We have something that works especially for that."   A couple minutes later, the manager walked outside to see how the blonde was doing. He heard another voice. "No, no, a little to the left," said the other blonde inside the car.
A blonde walks into a store... She approaches an employee and asks him  “Hi, I would like to buy this TV” The employee looks and says  “Sorry we don’t serve blondes here” The woman angrily storms out and purchases a black wig at the store next door and returns to the store. She then asks the same employee if she can purchase the TV  The man replies “Sorry we don’t serve blondes here.” The woman, now furious goes back to the same store next door and buys a brunette wig, She then walks up to the man and asks again if she can buy the TV The man once again replies with “Sorry we don’t serve blondes here.” The blonde now pissed out of her mind leaves the store and goes next door and buys a red wig, She runs to the same employee and asks again if she can buy the TV The man replies again “Sorry we don’t serve blondes here..” The woman finally asks the man “How do you always know that I am blonde!” The man says “Because you are trying to buy a microwave.”
A blonde, a nun and a busdriver went into the bar, and found barkeeper was a pharmacist. Unfortunately, There was no real joke even on the commentary
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead find themselves lost in the woods They decide that they need to hunt to survive and agree on taking turns hunting. On the first day, the redhead goes out to see what she can catch and comes back dragging a rabbit. The other two, amazed, ask her how she caught the rabbit, to which she replied, "I simply followed the rabbit's tracks and i caught the rabbit." The next day, the brunette goes out hunting and returns dragging a deer. The other two, amazed, asked her how she caught the deer, to which she replied, "I simply followed the deer's tracks and i caught the deer." The following day the blonde sets out to hunt and returns with torn clothes, and cuts and bruises all over her body. The other two, shocked, asked her what happened, to which she replied "like you guys i found some tracks but i got hit by a train."
A brunette tells her blonde stepsister, "I slept with a Brazilian" The blonde replies, "Oh, you slut! How many is a brazilian?"
A Blonde Tries To Solve A A blonde has been working on her new puzzle for a couple days now but can't seem to get it right. One day, her husband comes home to his wife crying at the kitchen table. He rushes over and asks his wife why she was crying, and she replies "I've been working on the puzzle forever but can't figure it out! It's supposed to be a tiger." The husband shakes his head and says "honey put the Frosted Flakes back in the box"
A blonde goes to the store... A blonde goes to the store and wants to buy the TV that she sees on the shelf.  She asks to buy it but the store owner says "I'm not selling it to you! Go away you dumb blonde!"  The next day the blonde decides to put on a black wig in order to buy the TV. When she asks the store owner he replies with "I'm not selling it to you! Go away you dumb blonde!"   The next day the blonde tries again with a red wig and the store owner replies with I'm not selling it to you! Go away you dumb blonde!" Puzzled, the blonde asks the store owner "How did you know I was the blonde even with my wigs on??"  "You dumb blonde... that's a microwave not a TV!"
What did one blond say to another blond? [Removed]
If a blonde and a brunette jump off a bridge, who would hit the ground first? The brunette, the blonde would stop for directions! 
I had a girlfriend with beautiful long blonde hair. Unfortunately it all came out of her nose.
Life With A Blonde Teenager SCENE: My teenage daughter and me in the car.  Lauren: Dad, do you know what the most commonly used letter in a girl’s name is?  Me: Hmm, is it a consonant or a vowel? (Silence.) Please tell me you know what consonants and vowels are.  Lauren: You’re no fun, Dad. Forget it.  Me: What is a vowel?  Lauren: OK, OK. A vowel is … ahh … eh … well, oh … uh …  Me: Close enough.
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette were all lost in the desert. They found a lamp and rubbed it. A genie popped out and granted them each one wish. The redhead wished to be back home. Poof! She was back home. The brunette wished to be at home with her family. Poof! She was back home with her family. The blonde said, "Awwww, I wish my friends were here."
What do you call a couple of nuns and a blonde? Two tight ends and a wide receiver.
A blonde threw a grenade at another So she pulled the pin and threw it back.  The first then asks, "What should I do with this pin?"
How do you confuse a blonde? Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.
A mathematician, a philosopher, and a blonde all go to Hell And receive a challenge from the Devil -- if they can stump him, they're free to go to heaven instead.  The philosopher goes first and asks the Devil a very hard philosophy question -- to which the Devil snaps his fingers, gets a book, and gives the answer. The mathematician tries as well -- but the Devil instantly gets the answer.  When it comes to the blonde, she pulls up a chair and drills three holes in it. She then sits down on the chair and farts. Now, she says, which hole did the fart come out of?  That's easy, says the Devil. All of them.  No, stupid it came out of my butthole.
A blonde gets on an airplane and sits down in the first class section of the plane. The stewardess rushes over to her and tells her she must move to coach because she doesn’t have a first class ticket.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m smart, I have a good job, and I’m staying in first class until we reach Jamaica.”  The disgusted stewardess gets the head stewardess who asks the blonde to leave.  The blonde yet again repeats “I’m blonde, I’m smart, I have a good job and I’m staying in first class until we reach Jamaica.”  The head stewardesses doesn’t even know what to do at this point because they still have to get the rest of the passengers seated to take off; the blonde is causing a problem with boarding now, so the stewardess gets the copilot.  The copilot goes up to the blonde and whispers in her ear. She immediately gets up and goes to her seat in the coach section.  The head stewardess asks the copilot in amazement what he said to get her to move to her correct seat.   The copilot replies, “I told her the front half of the airplane wasn’t going to Jamaica.” 
A Russian, American and Blonde were in a bar... The Russian started a conversation: Russian: You know, we were the first in outer space American: Oh yeah, we landed on the moon Blonde: You know what, we'll land on the Sun Russian (Confused): But it's too hot  American: Yeah, you'll burn before you know what happened  Blonde: I know right? THAT'S WHY I'M GOING AT NIGHT!
A blonde goes to work in tears... I don't know how she did it, I usually go in a car. 
What do you call a smiley with short, blonde hair? Smiley Cyrus
[nsfw][blonde] a girl came home from school A girl came home happy from school. "Mom, mom!!" She yelled. Girl - “We had to count in school today and the other kids could only count to 4 but i could count to 10.” Mom - “good job.” Girl - “is that because i am a blonde.” Mom - “yes my dear.”  The next day the girl came from school. Girl - “Mom, mom, today we had to say the alphabet and the other kids could only get to D but i got all the way to G.” Mom - “good.” Girl - “is that because i am blonde?” Mom - “sigh, yes it is.”  The next day the girl came home after school. Girl - “Mom, mom, today we had gym class and when we changed after all the girls had flat chests but i have these!!!”  The girl lifts up her shirt without hesitation revealing a pair of size 85D breasts.  Mom replies somewhat embarrassed - “very nice”. Girl - “is that because i am a blonde?” Mom - “No my dear!!! That is because you are 24 years old and the rest of your class is 6 years old!!!” 
A blonde decides to go ice fishing. She’s got all her gear ready and just needs to find the perfect spot on the ice to set up. The blonde finds a suitable spot on the ice and starts drilling until she hears a loud voice overhead.  “THERE ARE NO FISH UNDER THE ICE.”  Spooked, she gathers up her things and starts walking. After some time she discovers a better spot where there should be plenty of fish, and starts drilling.  “THERE ARE NO FISH UNDER THE ICE HERE, YOU MUST FIND ANOTHER PLACE TO FISH”  Flustered she packs up her things one more time. Finally after some more walking the blonde finds the perfect spot on the ice where there is surely fish.  Determined to actually catch some fish this time she sets up and starts drilling until to her disappointment she hears the voice again.  “THERE WILL NEVER BE FISH UNDER THIS ICE, IM SORRY BUT YOU MUST GO FISH SOMEWHERE ELSE”  frustrated, she calls back  “Are you God?”  the voice responds  “NO, I AM JIM. THE MANAGER OF THE ICE SKATING RINK.”  Edit: words
A blonde has just gotten type 1 diabetes So she go to a diabetic educator to learn about how to give herself insulin.  When she meets the educator, he pulls out an orange to show her how to use a insulin shot.  "So you draw the insulin, and then you give the shot." As he shoots the insulin into the orange.  "Do this ever time you eat. Got it?" He says.  "Yes sir." the blonde responds.  A week later, she arrives at the ER with her blood sugar being 4327.  The doctor, being extremely concerned about this, asks why her blood sugar is so high.  "I don't know!" She responded.  "Have you been giving yourself insulin?" He asks.  Confused, the blonde responses with "You mean I don't shot it into the food?"
So a blonde and her two friends went hunting... The first woman comes back with a rabbit, to the amazement of the second woman, who proceeds to ask "How'd you do it?"  To which the first replies "Found the tracks, followed the tracks, saw the rabbit, shot the rabbit, rabbit stopped."  The second woman then goes out and comes back with a deer, to the amazement of the blonde, who proceeds to ask "How'd you do it?"  The second woman says "found the tracks, followed the tracks, saw the deer, shot the deer, deer stopped."  The blonde goes out and ends up in the hospital. The other women go to visit her and ask "WHAT HAPPENED?"  The blonde replies "Found the train tracks, followed the train tracks, saw the train, shot the train, train didn't stop..." 
Blonde loses her dog A blonde lost her dog, and she told a friend she'd tried everything to find him. 'I've even put notices all over town, but no luck yet', she said. 'What did you put on the notice?' her friend asked. 'Here boy', said the blonde.
A blonde was going up an escalator when it broke down. She was stuck there for three hours.
A blonde, a brunette, and a red head die and end up in heaven They are greeted by St. Peter outside the gates of heaven.   St. Peter says:  ‘To pass you must tell me one truth about yourself. But If you lie, you will be sent to hell.’  The Red head walks up to him and says: ‘I’m the pretties girl in the world’  St. Peters snaps his fingers and the red head gets sent to hell.  The brunette walks up to him and says:  ‘I’m the smartest girl in the world’  Again, St. Peters snaps his fingers and She gets sent to hell.  St. Peter tells the blonde: ‘It’s your turn to say something’   The blonde answers:  ‘Uhmmm... I think....’   Before the blonde finishes to talk, St. Peters snaps his fingers and sends her to hell.
A blonde walks into a police station...... ......in search for a job. The officer wants to ask her a few questions first... Officer: What's 24+45  Blonde: Ummmmm... 69!  Officer: What's the square root of 225?   Blonde: Ummmm... 15!  Officer: Nice! Now, who killed Abraham Lincoln?   Blonde: Ummmm... I dont know.   Officer: Well, you can go home and think about it. Come back tomorrow when you know the answer.  The blonde goes home and calls up one of her friends, who asks her if she got the job. The blonde says, excitedly, "Not only did I get the job, I'm already working on a murder case!"
What did the blonde's left thigh say to the right thigh? Hi. I don't believe we've met.
A blond goes to the doctor.... And says "I can't figure out what's wrong with me.  When I touch my head it hurts, when I touch my boob it hurts, and when I touch my foot it hurts."  To which the doctor replies "ma'am I think you've broken your finger"
A blonde goes to a doctor... "Doctor, doctor! When I press my body, it hurts!", says the blonde  "Well, could you show me where exactly it hurts?", the doctor replied.  She then procceeds to press some spots, an "ow" with every press. The doctor then gives her a band-aid.  "What am I going to do with a single band-aid?", asks the blonde.  "Cover up the cut in your finger."  
A blond woman goes to get a haircut wearing headphones The hairdresser ask her to remove the headphones, which she does.  After a minute the woman becomes blue and faints.  Startled, the hairdresser picks up the headphones to hear what it was playing:  “Inhale.... exhale.... inhale.... exhale....”
What do you call a blond with a brain...? A golden retriever 
A red-head, a brunette, and a blonde meet for coffee to talk about issues they are having with their daughters. The brunette says “I was cleaning my daughters room the other day, and I found a bottle of alcohol under her bed. I didn’t even know she drank!”  The redhead says, “well when I was cleaning my daughters room the other day, I found a pack of cigarettes under her bed. I didn’t even know she smoked!”  The blonde says “you guys won’t believe this. when I cleaned my daughters room the other day, I found a used condom under her bed. I didn’t even know she had a dick!” 
Two blondes at the cinema, one says to the other I bet that girl falls out of that boat and into the lake, second blonde, no way, I bet you 50 bucks, sure enough the girl falls into the lake, second blonde says how did you know that? first blonde, I saw this film last week, second says so did I, didn't think she would do it twice.
Did you hear the one about the blonde who had two chances To get pregnant?  She blew both of them.
This is the story of the poor dizzy blonde ...flying in a two-seater airplane with just the pilot.  He has a heart attack and dies. She, frantic, calls out a May Day.  "May Day! May Day! Help me! Help me! My pilot had a heart attack and is dead. And I don't know how to fly. Help me! Please help me!"  She hears a voice over the radio saying: "This is Air Traffic Control and I have you loud and clear. I will talk you through this and get you back on the ground. I've had a lot of experience with this kind of problem.  'Now, just take a deep breath. Everything will be fine! Now give me your height and position."  She says, "I'm 5'4" and I'm in the front seat."  "O.K." says the voice on the radio.... "Repeat after me........Our Father who art in Heaven..
How many times does a blonde laugh at a joke? Three times.  Once when you tell the joke. A second time when you explain it and a third time when she understands it.     Just kidding. She won't understand it. 
Why did the blonde tip toe near the medicine cabinet? Because she didn't want to wake the sleeping pills!
A blonde goes to a beer factory. The owner turns her away saying, "I prefer brewnettes."
What do you call a blonde with a dollar on the top of their head? All you can eat, under a buck.
A Scotsman is sitting on a train across from a busty blonde wearing a tiny mini skirt. Despite his efforts, he is unable to stop staring at the top of her thighs.   To his delight, he realizes she has gone without panties.   The blonde realises he is staring and inquires, "Are you looking at my growler?" "Yes, I'm sorry, " says the Scotsman, and promises to avert his eyes.   "It's quite alright," replies the woman, "It's very talented. Watch this, I'll make it blow a kiss to you."   Sure enough, the growler blows him a kiss.   The Scotsman, completely absorbed, inquires what else the growler can do.   "I can also make it wink," says the woman.   The Scotsman stares in amazement as the growler winks at him.   "Come and sit next to me," suggests the woman, patting the seat.   The Scotsman moves over and is asked, "Would you like to stick a couple of fingers in?"   Stunned, The Scotsman replies, "No shit! It can whistle, too?"
How do you get a blonde off of her knees? Cum
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant. 
A blonde, a brunette and a red head were stranded on a desert island.... The brunette was a very intelligent woman and was able to figure out using her years of mathematical know-how, that it was 20 miles to the nearest shore and she thought she could swim it.  So off she went and made it out 5 miles and got exhausted and drowned.  After a few days the redhead decided that the brunette must not be coming back and since she was quite a bit fitter, she decided to have a go.  She swam out, past 5 miles, past 10 miles and just as she was reaching 15 miles and could practically see the shore, she got exhausted and drowned.  Now, the blonde was all alone now and waited a week before deciding to swim.... She made it past 5 miles, 10 miles no bother, she got past the 15 mile mark.....  Then about 19 miles out she got tired and swam back
A hot blonde doctor made a statement about premature ejaculation on TV. I came to the conclusion
A blonde recieve a phone call at work, after which she breaks down, crying in her office. Upon noticing her condition, her boss come in to find out what had happened. "What is the matter, why are you so sad about?", the concerned boss asks the crying woman. "I just heard that my mother has passed away", the blonde manage to stutter between sobs. "Oh you poor thing, I'm so sorry to hear that", the boss says in a comforting tone. "Don't you wonna go home, so you can process the bad news? Trying to put on a brave face, the blonde explains that she is is already feeling a little better. "It's okay, I don't have to go home. It's probably for the best if I stay here, so I can keep my mind busy". After making sure her employee is feeling better, the boss leaves the blondes office.  About one hour later, the blonde recieve another phone call, which again leaves her crying. Concerned about what is going on this time, the boss pops in to check up on the blonde. "What wrong? Who called you this time?", the boss asks the sobbing blonde. "It's so horrible", the crying woman manage to say. "What is it?", the boss asks comforntingly. "I just got a call from my sister, who told me that her mother had also passed away!".
a blonde was given a gift certificate...... ......from Bloomingdale' s for a rather elaborate and expensive foreign made expresso-and-latte machine, by one of her admirers. It had all the latest gadgets, bells, and whistles on it.  Knowing her propensity for getting instructions mixed up, she went to the store to pick it up and get some first hand instructions on the electric machines operation. The salesman carefully explained how everything worked; how to plug it in, set the timer, go to bed, and upon rising, the coffee would be ready.  A few weeks later, she returned to the store and the salesman inquired as to how she liked the coffee maker.  "Wonderful!" She replied, "However, there's one thing that really bugs me and I don't quite understand.  Why do I have to go to bed every time I want to make a pot of coffee?"
A blonde and a lawyer are seated next to each other on a flight The lawyer asks if she would like to play a fun game? The blonde, tired, just wants to take a nap, politely declines and rolls over to the window to catch a few winks.   The lawyer persists and explains that the game is easy and a lot of fun. He explains, "I ask you a question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me $5.00, and vice versa. " Again, she declines and tries to get some sleep. The lawyer, now agitated, says, "Okay, if you don't know the answer you pay me $5.00, and if I don't know the answer, I will pay you $500.00." This catches the blonde's attention and, figuring there will be no end to this torment unless she plays, agrees to the game. The lawyer asks the first question. "What's the distance from the earth to the moon?" The blonde doesn't say a word, reaches into her purse, pulls out a $5.00 bill and hands it to the lawyer. "Okay" says the lawyer, "your turn."   She asks the lawyer, "What goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four legs?" The lawyer, puzzled, takes out his laptop computer and searches all his references, no answer. He taps into the air phone with his modem and searches the net and the library of congress, no answer. Frustrated, he sends e-mails to all his friends and coworkers, to no avail. After an hour, he wakes the blonde, and hands her $500.00. The blonde says, "Thank you," and turns back to get some more sleep.   The lawyer, who is more than a little miffed, wakes the blonde and asks, "Well, what's the answer?" Without a word, the blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5.00, and goes back to sleep.   And you thought blondes were dumb.
What did the Blond say when she open a Box of Cheerios? Oh Yay, Donut Seeds
I told my blonde coworker that if she could guess how many dollars were in my pocket, I'd give her both of them... She said "3." 
A redhead tells her blonde stepsister... ..."I slept with a Brazilian...."   The blonde replies, "Oh my God! You slut! How many is a brazilian?"  
A man goes home, and finds his blonde girlfriend hanging from the staircase and crying with a rope around her stomach... "Honey, what are you doing?"  "I tried to hang myself, but when I put the rope around my neck I couldn't breathe."
A blonde women and her boyfriend go on a date to a steakhouse... and the blonde mentions how healthy she is, and is making sure to listen to her doctor about what types of food she eats. The boyfriend doesn't care much, and orders a New York Strip, medium rare. The blonde orders the same steak, but cooked well done. When the food arrives, the boyfriends steak is deliciously juicy and plump, and is basically bleeding on the plate. The blondes steak, however, is flat and dry, burnt to a crisp. The blonde longingly stares at her boyfriends medium rare steak, and keeps saying how good it looks. The boyfriend, confused, asks her if she likes the medium rare steak so much, why she didn't just order hers the same way, instead of getting hers totally black and burnt. The blonde replies "Oh, well I can't, because my doctor says I shouldn't eat red meat".
A blonde and her two coats While her husband was at work, a blonde decided to paint their living room.  After her husband arrives home, he finds his wife lying on the floor in a pool of sweat while wearing a parka and a mink. He asked her what she was doing.  She said, "I wanted to prove to you that not all blonde women are dumb, and I wanted to do it by painting the living room."  He says that he was impressed at the good job she had done, but asked, "Why are you wearing two coats?  She replied, "I read the directions on the paint can, and they said, ''For best results, put on two coats!'"
A blonde and a brunette inherit their family ranch... A pair of sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherited their family ranch when their parents passed away.  The ranch was in dire straits. To save it, the brunette sister decided to take a risk: she would put all the money in their savings towards buying a bull to repopulate the ranch.  She took all $600 out of their account and got on a train to meet a seller who had a bull she could look at. She told her sister she'd send a message to come bring their truck and trailer up if she decided to buy the bull and needed to bring it home to the ranch, so as not to waste the gas money.  The brunette met the seller and decided to take the bull. He sold it for $599.  The brunette then went to have a telegram sent to her sister letting her know she could bring the trailer.  “That'll be $1 per word,” said the clerk.  “I only have $1, so I'll have to just send her one word,” sighed the brunette. She thought about it for a while.  “Comfortable. I want the message to say comfortable.” she said, sliding the dollar across the counter to the clerk.  “Miss, do you think she'll understand that? It seems a bit random,”  “Oh, it's okay. She reads very slowly,” explained the brunette sister.
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever. 
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are running away from a insane killer. After some time running the brunette spots a barn.      They all run into the barn to find there's only three big brown burlap sacks to hide in.      The redhead says "follow my lead" and jumps into one of the sacks.   The other girls jump into theirs too.      Soon after, the killer runs in and seems a bit confused...   until he spots the burlap sacks.      "I gotcha now" he says      he walks up to the sack that the redhead is in and kicks it.      "RUFF BARK RUFF"      "dumb dog" he says and walks over to the sack with the brunette in it.   He gives it a good kick this time.      "MEOW MEOW"      "stupid cat" he says and then walks over the the sack with blonde in it.      He gives this sack another good kick this time.      "POTATOES"
A blonde gets on a flight to Dallas, TX... A blonde gets on a flight to Dallas, TX, and even though she bought coach tickets, she sits in first class. One of the stewardesses notices her switch seats and asks to see her ticket, "Miss, you bought a coach ticket, and this is first class, i'm going to need you to go back to your seat" the woman outright refuses saying "I'm blonde and gorgeous, I'll sit wherever I please!" after a few minutes of arguing the stewardess goes up to the cockpit and tells the pilot "There's some blonde bimbo refusing to switch seats as she's in the wrong section" the pilot says "I'll handle this, I married a blonde" the pilot goes up to the woman, whispers in her ear and seemingly satisfied, the woman gets up and goes to her original seat. Floored, the stewardess asks how he got her to move, the pilot says "I told her first class wasn't going to Dallas."
A blond girl walks in to a restaurant While she was there, she met a man who worked as a server. They both fell in love at first sight. At the end of his shift, the girl Safari and the server met up and decided to start dating. Both were passionate about their relationship. After a while, they decided to get married. To make sure that their relationship would always be great, Safari would always use a website which was able to correctly predict the future. She was starting to think that her relationship with her husband was starting to fall apart. Because of this, she decided to go back to the site she always used. After going there, she then fell to the floor and started crying. The man then came back home to see his wife in distress. Not sure what was wrong, he decided to ask her. "Honey, why are you so sad?"  "There is a secret I've been keeping from you. I have using been a website which has been able to accurately predict our relationship. It predicted our marriage, our house, everything! But today, it told me our true feelings for each other."  Still not knowing what was going on, the man asks to see the site. Heartbroken, Safari then proceeded to take out her phone and show the man the exact words on her screen, Safari could not establish a secure connection with the server.
A blonde had just totaled her car in a horrific accident. Miraculously, she managed to pry herself from the wreckage without a scratch and was applying fresh lipstick when the state trooper arrived. "My God!" the trooper gasped. "Your car looks like an accordion that was stomped on by an elephant. Are you OK ma'am?" "Yes, officer, I'm just fine!" the blonde chirped," Well, how in the world did this happen?" the officer asked as he surveyed the wrecked car. "Officer, it was the strangest thing!" the blonde began. "I was driving along this road when from out of nowhere this TREE pops up in front of me. So I swerved to the right, and there was another tree! I swerved to the left and there was ANOTHER tree! I swerved to the right and there was another tree! I swerved to the left and there was ..." "Uh, ma'am," the officer said, cutting her off ... "there isn't a tree on this road for 30 miles. That was your air freshener swinging back and fourth 
A blonde is standing near a fence. A guy is walking through the countryside along a trail, when he sees a blonde woman standing near a fence.  He walks up to her and asks why shes just standing there.  The blonde woman gestures at the nearby field and says "All of this belongs to me".  She turns and points down the path the man was about to continue walking down and says "that path ALSO belongs to me, just to me, no-one else but me".  The man gives a disgusted sigh, thinking "Stuck up Rich bitch, just showing off how much she owns", and carries on walking down the trail.  Suddenly there's a huge BOOOOOM! and the man explodes, body parts flying everywhere, blood all over.  The blonde stops, thinks for a minute and says "What I meant to say was MINE!". 
A blonde and brunette rob a bank A blonde and brunette decide to rob a bank.  "So you remember the plan?" the brunette asks.  The blonde smiles and nods.  "I'll keep the car ready.. Good luck!"   The blonde runs in, mask on, and pistol in one hand.  5 minutes pass and nothing.  The brunette glances at her watch nervously.  10 minutes.. 15 minutes.. 20..  "This is taking way too long.. What the hell is she doing in there?" the brunette asks herself frantically.  30 minutes later the blonde runs out with a rope and ties it to the back of the car.  She jumps in and the brunette floors it.  The rope tightens and a safe bashes right through the bank wall and trails behind the car.  A guard with his pants down runs behind and tries to fire but falls in an awkward attempt to run behind with his pants down.  The brunette, furious and red-faced, turns to the blonde and says, "I *knew* you'd screw this up.  I told you to *tie up* the guard and *blow* the safe..."
A blonde and a black girl jump of a building, who will hit the ground first? The black girl will hit the ground first because the blonde girl will stop to ask for directions.
Deb, a blonde, gets caught in a hailstorm. And so she brings her badly dented car to the body shop. The mechanic decides to play a trick on her.  The mechanic, pretending to inspect the car says, "I see you got caught in yesterday's hailstorm. There's an easy fix for that. When you get home, just blow really hard on the tail pipe and all these dents should just pop back out and then your car's good as new."  So Deb gets home, parks the car and gets on her knees and starts blowing hard into the tail pipe.  Her sister walks in on her.   "What are you doing?" The sister asks.  So Deb, between hard puffs, explains to her what the mechanic advised her to do and that it doesn't seem to be working since she's been blowing for about half an hour now.  "Well, duh," says the sister, "shouldn't you close the car windows first?"
A man and his beautiful blonde wife liked to sunbath in the nude. On a trip to the Caribbean, the man fell asleep in the hot mid-day sun... ... while his wife was out shopping. Hours later he woke up with a terribly painful sunburn on his privates. The hotel medical attendant recommended applying cold milk to his penis to prevent blistering.  His wife came home to find her husband sitting with his member soaking in a large saucer of milk.  “... no kidding?!?! That’s amazing- I have been *wondering* how you guys reloaded those things!!”
I asked a blonde, "What is 2 plus 2?" She waited for a second, and replied "Aren't you gonna say the punch line?
A blonde woman goes to the doctor She says "Doctor, I recently started talking to myself a lot and I'm worried about my mental health"  He calms her down and says "Don't worry, people talk to themselves all the time, I do it too"  So then she responds "Yeah but you're talking to a doctor, I'm just talking with this dumb blonde chick"
A Blonde walked into a electronics store... She came in the shop and asked for a Tv. The man asked her which one. She pointed to the one she thought was cheapest. Instantly the guard said "No blondes allowed".   The next day she came in wearing a red wig. She did the exact same thing and the guard kicked her out again.   The 3rd day, she dyed her hair black and came in. She asked for the exact same thing. The guard pointed to the door. The blonde asked him, "How do you know that I'm a blonde?". The guard answered, you were pointing to the microwave.
I went on a date with a blonde woman last night. "Do you have any kids?" she asked.  "Yes," I replied. "I have one child that's just under two."  She said, "I might be blonde, but I know how many one is."
There once were two women, a redhead and a blonde. The two women decided to go to the park. On the way there the blonde says, “We have to go back! My hands are freezing!” The redhead replies, “Just put your hand in your pockets,” to which the blonde replies, “I can’t! That where my winter gloves are!”
A blonde calls the fire department "My house is on fire, my house is on fire!!"  Fire Chef: " Well how do we get there?"  Blonde: " Duh... big red truck..." 
A blonde and a brunette are out shopping one day And they happen to see the brunette's boyfriend buying flowers. The brunette says, "Aww man. He's out buying me flowers again. Sigh, this sucks." The blonde replies, "What's the matter? I thought you liked flowers? Last time you said it was a nice, thoughtful, out-of-the-blue gesture?" "Oh no, that's not the problem. I just hate feeling obligated after to have my legs up in the air for a few days because of it." The blonde asks, "Don't you have a vase?"
A blonde, brunette, and redhead are in the ninth grade; which one is the sexiest?  The blonde, because she is the only one that's 18.
A redhead tells her blonde stepsister, "I slept with a Brazilian...." NSFW The blonde replies, "Oh my God! You slut! How many is a brazilian?"
How do you keep a blonde at home? Build a circular driveway. 
Blonde Logic Highlights Blonde Logic   January - Took new scarf back to store because it was too tight.   February - Fired from pharmacy job for failing to print labels..."duh"...bottles won't fit in typewriter!   March - Got excited...finished jigsaw puzzle in 6 months...box said "2-4 years!"   April - Trapped on escalator for hours...power went out!   May - Tried to make Kool-Aid...8 cups of water won't fit into those little packets!   June - Tried to go water skiing...couldn't find a lake with a slope.   July - Lost breast stroke swimming competition...learned later, other  swimmers cheated, they used their arms!   August - Got locked out of car in rain storm...car swamped, because top was down.   September - The capital of California is "C"...isn't it?   October -  Hate M &amp; M's...they are so hard to peel.   November - Baked turkey for 4 1/2 days...instructions said 1 hour per pound and I weigh 108!   December - Couldn't call 911..."duh"...there's no "eleven" button on the phone!    What a year!
A Dumb Blonde Goes Ice Fishing A dumb blonde goes ice fishing.  The dumb blonde finds a good spot on the ice, cuts a whole in it and begins fishing.   Suddenly a loud voice from up above says "There are no fish here!"  The dumb blonde gets startled and decides to move to a new spot on the ice. The dumb blonde cuts a new hole and begins fishing again.  Again a loud voice from up above says "There are no fish here!"  Confused and startled, the dumb blonde decides to find a new spot on the ice as far away as possible from the first 2 holes. The dumb blonde cuts a hole there and begins fishing again.  "THERE ARE NO FISH HERE!" Screams a voice from up above.  "How do you know that?" The dumb blonde asks. "Are you God?"  "No. I'm the hockey rink manager using the intercom."
What do the Bermuda Triangle and a blonde have in common? They both swallow a lot of sea men.
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead come to a raging river.  They meet a wish granting wizard just before it. The brunette goes first, “I wish to be strong enough to swim across.” She grows bug muscles and swims across.  The readhead next, “I wish to be handy enough to build a boat to get a cross.” Her wish is is granted, she cuts down a tree hollows it into a canoe and makes paddles to get across.  Last, the blonde. “I wish to be smart enough to get across.” She turns into a man and walks across the bridge.
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are stranded on an island... They know civilization is only 50 miles away. The redhead decides she’s going to swim for it. She swims out 5 miles, gets tired and drowns.  Then the brunette decides to try. She swims 10 miles out, gets tires and drowns.  Finally the blonde decides to try her luck. She swims 25 miles out, gets tired, and swims back.
How do blonde people spell "farm"? E-I-E-I-O
A blonde and a brunette are talking about what to do when their children misbehave during Christmas The brunette says : "I wrap empty cardboard boxes and when a child acts up I toss one into the fireplace."  And then the blonde says :  "What do you do when you run out of children?"
A blonde goes into work with both her ears bandaged up... Her boss asks what the hell happened.  She says, "Yesterday I was ironing a shirt, and the phone rang. I accidentally answered the iron."  "That explains why one ear is bandaged. What happened to your other ear?"  "Well, I *had* to call an ambulance!"
Sack of Blonde 3 women are on the run, a blonde, brunette and redhead. The cops chase them along the docks. The redhead yells,  "Hide in these burlap sacks and pretend to be something else inside" They all jump in just as the cops round the corner.  "They're gone! Let's look around just in case.". As they all search, they come along some suspicious bags.  "Go ahead and give those a quick kick to double check what is in those." The chief says.   They kick the first one which has the redhead and she exclaims "meow meow!". "Oh it is just a cat", the chief remarks.  They kick the next one and it replies "woof woof!"  "Oh it is a dog", the chief says.  They kick the last bag with the blonde in it and she quickly says " potato potato!".  They are all arrested.
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are stranded on an island... A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are stranded on an island and they decide to try and swim to shore.   The brunette swims 1/4 of the way to shore, gets tired, and swims back to the island.  The redhead swims 1/3 of the way to shore, gets tired and swims back to the island.  The blonde swims 1/2 way to shore, gets tired, gets tired and swims back to the island.  
A magician walks up to a blonde, brunette, and a redhead... He asks them to tell him something that they think is true. If it's not true, the person who told him that will disappear.  The Brunette goes first, and says:  "I think I'm pretty..."  She disappears.  Then the Redhead goes next:  "I think I'm popular."  She, too, disappears.  Finally, the Blonde goes last. She says the following:  "Hmm... I think..."  ~~Just before she could think of something, she disappeared.~~✂️    Before she could say the next word, she disappeared.
How do you drown a dumb blonde? Put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of her pool
A BLONDE'S BRAIN AT WORK A blonde, a brunette and a redhead all work for a female boss who always goes home early. "Hey girls," says the brunette. "Let's go home early tomorrow. She'll never know." So the next day, they all leave right after their boss. The brunette gets some extra gardening done, the redhead goes to a bar, and the blonde goes home to find her husband having sex with the female boss. She quietly sneaks out of the house and returns at her normal time. "That was fun," says the brunette. "We should do it again sometime." "No way," says the blonde. "I almost got caught."
A blonde, brunette &amp; redhead A blonde, brunette &amp; redhead are sitting around a table.   The brunette says, I was cleaning out my daughters room and found a pack of cigarettes. I was shocked I didn’t know she smoked.   The redhead said, I was doing the same thing in my daughters room and I found a bottle of gin. I was shocked I didn’t know my daughter drank.  The blonde said wow that is amazing I was cleaning my daughters room too, and I found a condom. I was shocked, I didn’t know my daughter has a penis. 
A blonde walks into a store selling brain cells.. There were a wide variety on display  Doctor's brain -$100  Engineer's brain -$125  Normal brain - $75  Blonde's brain- $1000  She was quite amused and asked the shop keeper.. "So how come blonde brain is worth so much?". The shopkeeper replied "because I had to crackup 100 blonde's heads to get this much brain cells"
What did the blonde name her striped dog? Spot
A blonde and a red head met in a bar after work... ...for a drink, and were watching the 6 o'clock news. A man was shown threatening to jump off the Golden Gate Bridge. The blonde bet the redhead $50 that he wouldn't jump, and the redhead replied, “I'll take that bet!” Anyway, sure enough, he jumped, so the blonde gave the redhead the $50 she owed. The redhead said, “I can't take this, you're my friend. I have to admit, I saw this on the 5 o'clock news, so I can't take your money.” The blonde replied, “Well, so did I, but I never thought he'd jump again!”
A blonde and a brunette are on an elevator... And a short man with dandruff gets on and then comes off on the next floor.  The brunette goes, "Wow, that guy could really use some Head and Shoulders."  The blonde says, "How do you give shoulders?"
A blond girl goes into a library and asks "I'd like a Big Mac, a tall Coke and a medium french fries"   The librarian a tad taken aback goes "Lady, you do know that you're at the library, right?"  The blond girl goes "Shoot, I'm sorry" then she whispers " I'd like a Big Mac, a tall Coke and a medium french fries"
A blonde buys a new convertible ... *(I'm translating this from a foreign language so please bear with me, hopefully it's unique on* r/Jokes*)*  &amp;#x200B;  ...then she takes it for a spin on the interstate. Then comes a near miss with a truck. The lorry driver catches up to her, overtakes her and proceeds to force her to stop her car on the side of the road. He gets off his truck and goes :   &amp;#x200B;  "Are you mad ?! I almost crashed my truck because of you!! Get off your f-ing car."   &amp;#x200B;  Whilst the blonde gets off her car, he grabs a baseball bat in his truck and a piece of chalk. He then draws a circle next to his truck, walks straight up to the blonde then goes :   &amp;#x200B;  "There, go and stand in that circle and don't you try to get out of it. I promise I'll bash your goddamn skull."  &amp;#x200B;  The blonde obeys and stands in the circle. The trucker slowly walks to the convertible and proceeds to destroy its back bumper and lights when the blonde starts giggling. He turns around, looks at her and goes :  &amp;#x200B;  "Ow, okay, that's funny right ? What about that then ?"  &amp;#x200B;  He then proceeds to destroy the hood, the windshield and the front lights. The blonde is now openly laughing. He turns around, looks at her and goes :  &amp;#x200B;  "Ow, okay, you wanna F with me girl ? Let's dance then."  &amp;#x200B;  He then takes a knife out of his pocket and stabs each seat, breaks every remaining windows, hits every door with all his might. The blonde is laughing harder than ever.  &amp;#x200B;  "You F-ing ho, what THE F ARE YOU LAUGHING ABOUT ?!! "  &amp;#x200B;  The blonde wipes a few tears of joy off her face goes :  &amp;#x200B;  "Every time you turned around I stepped out of the circle." 
A blonde and a brunette are walking down the street on a Friday afternoon When the brunette sees her boyfriend buying a dozen roses. She turns to the blonde and says, “Oh shit! That’s my boyfriend.”  The blonde says, “So?”  The brunette says, “So every time he buys me flowers he expects me to lie on my back with my legs in the air all weekend.”  The blonde thinks about it and says, “Couldn’t you just buy a vase?”
A gorgeous blonde is trying to board a city bus... but her dress is so tight, it won't allow her to lift her leg high enough to reach the first step. She reaches back and unzips the dress a few inches to allow more flexibility. She tries again, but it still isn't enough. She unzips a little more, starting to worry that she'll give the people behind her a show, but it still isn't enough. She reaches back and unzips a third time, but before she can try the step a man behind her gently wraps his arms around her waist and lifts her onto the bus. She turns around, "What gives you the right to hug me!?!?!" and launches into a tirade about the oppression of women by the patriarchy. The man calmly waits for her to finish and replies, "Well, sweetheart, after you undid my fly for the third time, I figured we were close enough friends for me to lift you on to the bus!"
A blonde walks into a library She goes up to the librarian at the counter and says,   "Hello, can I get one cheese burger with a side of fries?"  The librarian, with a confused look, responds, "Sorry but this is a library."  The blonde pauses for a few seconds. She then whispers,   *"Can I get one cheese burger with a side of fries please?"*
A lawyer and a blonde are sitting next to one another on a plane... The lawyer looks at the blonde and thinks he could have a bit of fun at her expense. So he goes: “Miss, let’s play a game, I’ll ask you a question. Any question, and if you don’t know the answer you’ll give me $20. Then you ask me a question, and if I don’t know the answer I’ll give you $100!” She thinks for a second and agrees. So he goes: “Alright, what’s the capital of Germany?” She thinks for a bit and goes: “ hmm I don’t know”; and gives him a $20. So he goes: “Alright blondie, ask away.” So she goes: “What has three stripes, three legs, three arms, three tongues, and growls at the moon??” The lawyer perplexed that such a creature even exists thinks for a long time, thinks some more and after several guesses reluctantly goes: “Alright blondie I give up”; gives her $100, “what the hell is this thing??” She looks at him hands him a $20 and goes, “How the fuck should I know!”
A Blonde and a Brunette live together So a blonde and a brunette live together. The Blonde lives with the Brunette because the Blonde isn’t in the best shape and needs the care of someone. Well one day the Brunette goes  “I’m tired of you not doing something about your weight, I’m going out of the house for an hour, do something about it or I’m kicking you out”  The Blonde says he will.  The Brunette leaves, when he gets back he finds the Blonde in the kitchen lying down on top the stove, it’s on, his belly is directly above the heat and the heat is on max. The Brunette goes   “WHAT ARE YOU DOING?”  The Blonde goes  “I’m burning Calories.”
A blonde is walking by a river She sees an another blonde on the other side of the river.  -Hey! - she yells.   -Yes? - the other one responds.   -How can I get to the other side? - she asks.   -Fool! You are already on the other side! 
A blond is driving a car... ...when a policemen.   Wait I just realized it's another version of #4278 sorry guys for the repost.
A blonde is walking along the train tracks... And sees a brunette jumping up and down screaming "21! 21! 21!"  The blonde shrugs and starts jumping up and down, screaming "21! 21! 21!"  She's screaming so loud, she doesn't hear the train, and is horribly killed.  The brunette keeps jumping up and down, screaming: "22! 22! 22!"
How many blonde jokes are there in the world? None. They’re all true!
A blond keeps going to a Mexican man and complains for a bit that her lecturer wouldn't pass her course. Then proceeds to have amazing sex. A few days later she comes back, complains about the same, and tries to please the man even more and this process keeps repeating. As satisfied as this man was, he asked, what has her uni course got to do with them hooking up.  She replied that her lecturer said that in order to pass the course she has to do an essay.
I was looking at the new menu options and feeling a bit adventurous, I thought I’d try something new. “I’ll have the tall blonde flat white, please!” The man behind the counter looked at me and smiled. “Great choice! Please wait in this room, Courtney will be with you momentarily .”
A blonde walks into a bar. She quickly apologizes and continues walking.
A blonde and a redhead have a ranch They have just lost their bull. The women need to buy another, but only have $500.   The redhead tells the blonde, "I will go to the market and see if I can find one for under that amount. If I can, I will send you a telegram."  She goes to the market and finds one for $499. Having only one dollar left, she goes to the telegraph office and finds out that it costs one dollar per word. She is stumped on how to tell the blonde to bring the truck and trailer.   Finally, she tells the telegraph operator to send the word "comfortable."   Skeptical, the operator asks, "How will she know to come with the trailer from just that word?"   The redhead replies,  "She's a blonde so she reads slow: 'Come for ta bull.'"
How do you kill a blonde? Just put a scratch 'n' sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool.
Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy, a dumb blonde, and a smart blonde are walking down the street when they spot a $10 bill. Who picks it up? The dumb blonde! Because there is no such thing as Santa Claus, the tooth fairy, or a smart blonde.
A blonde and a redhead are sitting in a bar and on TV is news footage of a guy threatening to jump off of a building. The redhead says "Hundred bucks says he jumps." The blonde says "You're on!" and they precede to watch. After about 2 or 3 minutes of crying, the man jumps off of the building. The blonde reaches into her purse and grabs the money but the redhead shakes her head and says "I can't take your money. This is from earlier today, I've already seen this." "So did I." Said the blonde "I just didn't think he'd do it twice!"
Blonde and a Redhead A redhead tells her blonde stepsister, "I slept with a Brazilian...."  The blonde replies, "Oh my God! You slut! How many is a brazilian?"   
So my blonde, Hungarian girlfriend goes to the doctors office... The doctor ask what’s wrong and my Hungarian girlfriend replies and says since she’s waken her stomach had been hurting.   The doctor then ask if shes eaten anything that she thinks might have upset her stomach.   My girlfriend says no, she hasn’t eaten anything out of the ordinary.   The doctor says “ok so what have you eaten today so far, just so I have an idea of what might be wrong “.  My girlfriend says that she hasn’t eaten anything.   The doctor with a curious look on his face says “well tell me, has your stomach also been making noises”?  “Yes!” My girlfriend exclaimed as her face lit up with joy, thinking the doctor knows whats wrong.   The doctor them pulls out a prescription paper and writes on it and hands it to her.   She reads it out loud.   “IHOP?”   “Yeah” the doctor replied. “You’re just HUNGARY”  Ps. You knew where it was going the whole time but you kept reading... I appreciate you.  
A beautiful blonde strode angrily into the large store, A beautiful blonde strode angrily into the large store and slapped a package on the counter, and loudly expressed her dissatisfaction.  The clerk asked, "What's the problem? Wouldn't your cat eat them?"  The woman's eyes got very large, and she whispered, "Do you mean to tell me that 'Pussy Treats' are meant for 'cats'?"
Why did the blonde schoolgirl never try to go fishing? She learned there's only two poles on earth.
A blonde is driving on the highway... ... Past a flax field in bloom and sees another blonde in a canoe trying to paddle through the field. She pulls over, gets out and yells at the blonde in the canoe: "Just what are you trying to do?! You can't canoe there! You're giving all blondes a bad name! If I could swim, I'd come over there and teach you a lesson!" 
A blonde and a redhead are taken hostage by terrorists. The women are taken to a remote island and put before a firing squad.  Just before the squad fires, the redhead points and yells, "Tornado!" The terrorists run in all different directions, and the redhead escapes.  When they realize what has happened, the terrorists come back to where the blonde is still standing. They raise their rifles, and thinking quickly, the blonde points and yells, "Fire!"
A blonde was telling her BFF about her new boy friend. I'm not sure what he does for a living but he must be an electrician.  Oh, why's that?  Well, he's my current boyfriend and he's a real live wire. 
A blonde goes to a hairdresser A blonde went to a hairdresser to get her hair cut, when she walked in and sat down the hairdresser asked her to take out her earphones  'oh no, I can't do that my mother and father told me to never take them out'  The hairdresser said that she would have to as he could not cut her hair with them in after a short back and forth the hairdresser said that he would head to the back to get some things and that he hoped the earphones would be out of her ears so they could start  So the hairdresser went back grabbed some shampoo and when he opened the door the blonde was collapsed on the ground with her headphones next to her, he quickly rushed over feeling her pulse there was nothing there  So he grabbed the headphones put them in his ears and heard  'breath in, breath out, breath in, breath out'
Blonde's  An evil genie captured a blonde and her two friends and banished them to the desert for a week. The genie allowed each person to bring one thing.  The first friend brought a canteen so he wouldn't die of thirst.  The second friend brought an umbrella to keep the sun off.  The blonde brought a car door, because if it got too hot she could just roll down the window! 
A guy takes his blonde girlfriend to a football game A guy took his blonde girlfriend to her first football game. They had great seats right behind their team's bench. After the game, he asked her how she liked the experience. "Oh, I really liked it," she replied, "especially the tight pants and all the big muscles, but I just couldn't understand why they were killing each other over 25 cents." Dumbfounded, her date asked, "What do you mean?" "Well, they flipped a coin, one team got it, and then for the rest of the game, all they kept screaming was, 'Get the quarterback! Get the quarterback!' I'm like, hello? It's only 25 cents!"
What do you call a dumb blonde? A golden retriever.
How do you stop a blonde from talking to a chocolate bar ? Put her iphone back on the table.
A blonde, a brunnete and a redhead A blonde, brunette and redhead were walking down the street when the redhead noticed a bag. Inside the bag was 3 grenades.      Brunette: "What should we do?"   Redhead: "We will take them to the police."   Brunette: "But what if one explodes?"   Blonde: "We'll lie and say we only found 2"      Edit: spelling (cant change title tho)
Blonde wakes up after a one night stand. She sees some random guy sleeping next to her. Her memory is fuzzy,  but she remembers some very passionate sex that took place last night.   She frantically wakes the guy up and asks him if they used any protection. The guy says no,  not as far as he can remember.   "Damn" says the blonde,  "do you have aids?"  "What? No!" The guy answers.   Blonde,  visibly relieved,  lays back next to him and says:  "Oh thank God for that. I wouldn't want to catch it again." 
What did the blonde say when she walked into the bus? Ouch
Dustin and Jane (both blonde) were delighted when finally their long wait to adopt a baby had come to an end. The adoption center called and told them they had a wonderful Russian baby boy, and the couple took him without hesitation.     On the way home from the adoption center, they stopped by the local college so they each could enroll in night courses.    After they filled out the form, the registration clerk inquired, “What ever possessed you to study Russian?”   The couple said proudly, “We just adopted a Russian baby and in a year or so he’ll start to talk. We just want to be able to understand him.”
A blonde orders a pizza  A blonde orders a pizza and is asked if she wants it cut into six or 12 pieces. She responds, "Six, please. I could never eat 12 pieces."
A blonde goes to work in tears. A blonde goes to work in tears. Her boss asks, "What's wrong?"  She says, "My mom died." He told her to go home, but she said, "No, I'll be fine." Later that day, her boss finds her crying again. He says, "What's wrong?" She replies, "I just talked to my sister, and her mom died, too!"
Old joke - A husband takes his blond wife to the hospital after she goes into labor. She wants to have a natural childbirth but is experiencing a lot of pain during contractions.  "Oh Honey, I'm so sorry you're having such a rough time, and to think this is  all my fault."  "It's okay dear. Besides, I'm not sure it's your fault, so don't stress over it too much."
A blonde joke my sub told us. Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch. Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble. In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull from the stockyard in a far town so that they can breed their own stock.  They only have $600 left. Upon leaving, the brunette tells her sister, 'When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home.'  The brunette arrives at the stockyard, inspects the bull, and decides she wants to buy it. The man tells her that he will sell it for $599, no less. After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news. She walks into the telegraph office and says, 'I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pickup truck and drive out here so we can haul it home.'  The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, 'It's just 99 cents a word.' Well, after paying for the bull, the brunette only has $1 left. She realizes that she'll only be able to send her sister one word.  After a few minutes of thinking, she nods and says, 'I want you to send her the word 'comfortable.'  The operator shakes his head. 'How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pickup truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her just the word 'comfortable?'  The brunette explains, 'My sister's blonde. The word's big. She'll read it very slowly ... com-for-da-bull.'
A Blonde calls her boyfriend and says, “Please come over here and help me. I have a killer jigsaw puzzle, and I can't figure out how to get started.”  Her boyfriend asks, “What is it supposed to be when it's finished?” The blonde says, “According to the picture on the box, it's a rooster.”  Her boyfriend decides to go over and help with the puzzle. She lets him in and shows him where she has the puzzle spread all over the table. He studies the pieces for a moment, then looks at the box, then turns to her and says,  “First of all, no matter what we do, we're not going to be able to assemble these pieces into anything resembling a rooster.” He then takes her hand and says, “Secondly, I want you to relax. Let's have a nice cup of tea, and then,” ... he said with a deep sigh............  “Let's put all these Corn Flakes back in the box”
There was a blonde, a brunette, and a ginger stuck on a desert     The three friends have been stuck in the desert for days. They have finished their last drink of water. They come across a genie in a bottle.       The genie says he will grant them one wish each.  The brunette is excited and says "I wish to be home with my family"  Next comes the ginger's wish  The ginger repeats those words. "I wish to be home with my family"  Finally it is the blonde's wish.     She groans and says "I wish my friends could be with me!"
How do you tell if a blonde has been making chocolate chip cookies? There are M&amp;M shells all over the kitchen!
Why was the blonde happy to have finished a puzzel after 6 months? Because on the box it said 2-4 years  Btw dont know if this has been posted here before
What do you call a blonde standing on her head with her legs spread apart? A brunette with bad breath
A blonde, brunette, and redhead mom go to a cafe... They had each stolen their daughters purses to see what their girls did in their free time.  The redhead mom opens her daughters purse first and finds a pack of cigarettes. “Oh my God, Debbie smokes! I am going to kill her!”  The brunette mom opens her daughter’s purse second, holding up a half-smoked joint. “Lindsay smokes pot?! How could she?!”  The blonde mom rifles through her daughter’s purse next and pulls out an empty condom wrapper. The other moms stare at her for a few moments before she puts her hand over her mouth. “Holy shit... Cindy has a dick.”
A blonde a red head and a brunette die They come to heaven and god comes down and tells them "in front of you are 100 stairs, and when you walk on each one you will hear a joke funnier than the last one. If I hear on chuckle you go to hell, if not, heaven." The redhead makes it to the 35th stair before laughing loudly and falling. The brunette makes it to the 69th stair before chuckling, and falling down to hell. The blonde makes it all the way to the 99th stair before rolling down the stairs laughing. The red head asks her "you made it so far, why didn't you succeed?" "I just got the first one!!!"
A blonde walked into an electronics store and said to the salesmen: "I want that tv." The salesperson shook his head and said, "No, we don't sell to blondes."   So the blonde left and came back with her hair dyed brown and said: "I'll take that tv."   Again the salesman said: "No, we don't sell to blondes."   So she left again and came back with her hair dyed black and said: "I want that tv."   But the salesman still said: "No, we don't sell to blondes."   Finally the blonde got fed up and said, "That's it! How'd you know I was a blonde?!" she asked.   The salesman answered: "Cause that's a microwave."
A man approached Captain Von Trap and said, "No offense, but is that short haired blonde single?" "Nun taken."
How do you tell if a blond has been working at your computer? There's white out all over the screen
How do you blackmail a Christian blond? Threaten to tell Jesus everything
A blonde, brunette and a redhead are interviewing for a waitress job The boss asks them the defining question:   "If a customer drops money on the floor, what will you do about it?"   The blonde says "I would pick up the money, get the customer's attention and give it back to them".   The brunette says "They wouldn't notice it was gone, so I would pick it up, and put it in the till. More for us!"   The redhead says "I would pick up the money and put it in my pocket. No one would ever know".   Which woman got the job?   The one with the biggest tits.
What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair brown? Artificial intelligence
A blonde woman walks into a clinic "Doctor, what’s the problem with me?   When I touch my arm, ouch! It hurts...  When I touch my leg, ouch! it hurts...   When I touch my head, ouch! It hurts...   When I touch my chest, ouch! it really hurts!"  The Doctor replies: "Your finger is broken."
A blonde visits a doctor... (NSFW) A blonde visits a doctor and upon being inquired by the doctor of her predicament, says, "I seem to have a pain inside my ass. It feels a bit sore and I can't seem to get rid of it."  Taking note of her problem, the doctor requests the blonde to discard her shorts and bend over the bed by the corner of the room. Situating himself behind her, he puts on his gloves in preparation for a rectal exam.   Placing his finger by the edge of her asshole, the doctor inquires, "Is the pain here?"  "No, doctor. It's inside." replies the blonde.  "Okay," says the doctor as he pushes his probing finger inside. "Here?"  "No, doctor. You'll have to go deeper."  "Alright. Here?" Asks the doctor as he pushes his finger deeper inside.  "Nope. Deeper."   Listening to the blonde's feedback, the doctor pushes further deeper.  "Here?"  "Nope." And the doctor pushes deeper once again.  "Here?"  "No, doctor. Deeper."   This goes on for a number of times as the doctor keeps pushing deeper and deeper until finally, the patient rejoices.  "Yes, doctor. You've finally found it!"  Sighing deeply, the doctor pulls out and stands up.  "So? What is it?" The blonde stands up as well and turns around, awaiting an answer impatiently.  "You have a sore throat."
A blonde gets invited to a high school footballer’shouse. When she gets there she finds the footballer has a bunch of his buddies there. They ask the blonde to climb ladder so they can “make her see their tree”. When she goes and meets the footballers mom, she said to the blond, “you know they only made you climb the ladder so they could see your panties?”  “Yeah” the blonde  “i know, so thats I took them off!”
mosquito and a blonde joke what's the difference between a mosquito and a blonde ?  A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it..
Einstein was seated next to a blonde woman in a bus Einstein said "Hey, let's play a game. I'll ask you a question and if you can't answer it, I'll give you $1. After that, it's your turn to ask a question, and if I can't answer it, I'll give you $100"  The blonde agreed so Einstein asked "What does c stand for in E=mc^2?"  The blonde didn't know the answer so she gave Einstein $1, she then asked "What has 10 legs, can fly, can swim but isn't alive?"  Einstein was shocked for it was the first time he didn't know the answer to a question, he accepted defeat and gave the blonde $100  The blonde was about to leave the bus but Einstein stopped her and said "Wait, I have to know, what is the answer to your question?"  The blonde smiled and said "I don't know either" as she gave Einstein $1
A blonde teenager, wanting to earn some extra money for the summer, decided to hire herself out as a "handy-woman" She started canvassing a nearby well-to-do neighborhood. She went to the front door of the first house, and asked the owner if he had any odd jobs for her to do. "Well, I guess I could use somebody to paint my porch," he said, "How much will you charge  me?" Delighted, the girl quickly responded, "How about $50?" The man agreed and told her that the paint brushes and everything she would need was in the garage. The man's wife, hearing the conversation said to her husband, "Does she realize that our porch goes ALL the way around the house?" He responded, "That's a bit cynical, isn't it?" The wife replied, "You're right. I guess I'm starting to believe all those dumb blonde jokes we've reading on Facebook  lately." Later that day, the blonde teenager came to the door to collect her money. "You're finished already?" the startled husband asked. "Yes, she replied, and I even had paint left over, so I gave it two coats." Impressed, the man reached into his pocket for the $50.00 and handed it to her along with a $10.00 tip. “And, by the way," the teenager added, "it's not a Porch, it's a Lexus."
A Blonde and a Red Head own a Ranch together...  They have just lost their prized bull. The women need to buy another asap, but only have $500. The redhead tells the blonde, "I will go into town and see if I can find one for under that amount. If I can, I will send you a telegram." She goes into town and finds one for $499. Having only one dollar left, she goes to the telegraph office and finds out that it costs one dollar per word. She is stumped on how to tell the blonde to bring the truck and trailer. Finally, she tells the telegraph operator to send the word "comfortable." Skeptical, the operator asks, "How will she know to come with the trailer from just that word?" The redhead replies, "She's a blonde, she reads really  slow...
A blonde stood on the streets of new york city with a surf board... She just wanted to catch the highest of the heat waves!
Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a brick wall? A: A brick wall's only been laid once.
Blonde and the pervert. Who's really annoyed because a pervert keeps peeping through the keyhole while shes in the bathroom. One day she has a brilliant idea though. So the next day the pervert sees the blonde going to the bathroom, as the pervert approaches the bathroom he notices something odd.... the door isn't there anymore and he can see the blonde completely naked changing her clothes. The blonde laughs at the pervert and says "Can't peep through the keyhole anymore!"
Guy says to a Blonde, I bet I can guess your birthday just by fondling your tits, no way says the blonde, go on then, 20 minutes later the blonde says OK when was I born. Guy replied. Yesterday.
A blonde goes to the doctor A blonde goes to the doctor with burns on both of her ears and her right hand. "Sit down and tell me how it happened," says the doctor. "I was ironing my clothes when I received a call. Instead of picking up the phone, I picked up the iron and burned my ear." "'What about the other ear and your hand?" the doctor asked. She replied, "I tried to call for an ambulance."
A blond, brunette, and a redhead were running from the local sheriff... ...when they come to a barn.  All three run in and look for somewhere to hide.  The brunette sees some potato sacks and tells the other girls they should all hide in them.  The sheriff and his deputies arrive and start looking for them.  As they're about to leave, the sheriff spots one of the sacks moving.  He walks up to it and kicks the one with the brunette in it. When he does, he hears a loud "meooooww!"  Oh, it's just a cat.  He decides to kick the next one with the redhead in it and hears, "arrrrrf!"  Oh, it's just a dog.  When he sees the one with the blond in it, he kicks it as well, and hears "potato!"
What does a blonde put behind her ears to look attractive? Her ankles.
A blonde finds herself sitting next to a lawyer on a plane.. A blonde who finds herself sitting next to a lawyer on an airplane. The lawyer just keeps bugging the blonde wanting her to play a game of intelligence. Finally, the lawyer offers her 10 to 1 odds, and says every time the blonde can not answer one of his questions, she owes him $5, but every time he cannot answer hers, he’ll give her $50. The lawyer figures he could not lose, and the blonde reluctantly accepts.       The lawyer first asks, “What is the distance between the Earth and the nearest star?”   Without saying a word the blonde hands him $5. The blonde then asks, “What goes up a hill with 3 legs and comes back down the hill with 4 legs?”   Well, the lawyer is puzzled. He takes several hours, looking up everything he can on his laptop and even placing numerous air-to-ground phone calls trying to find the answer. Finally, angry and frustrated, he gives up and pays the blonde $50   The blonde put the $50 into her purse without comment, but the lawyer insists, “What is the answer to your question?”   Without saying a word, the blonde hands him $5.
Did you hear about the blonde coyote? It got caught in a trap and gnawed off three legs.  Was still caught in the trap.
Why was the blonde staring so hard at the breakfast table The orange juice was "concentrate" 
[Blonde] what goes vroom errrrt vroom errrt vroom errrt vroom errrt... A blonde at a flashing red light.
[blonde] a blonde, ginger and brown hair girls are running from the cops... Than they come across an alley with a dumpster and a sack of potatoes. The ginger hides in the dumpster, under the trash. The brown hides behind the dumpster, than, the blonde hides in the sack of potatoes. Luckily, the cops flashlight was burnt out. The ginger heard the cops walking over to the dumpster, she meowed like a cat. "there is not a girl here just a cat" the cops said. they checked behind the dumpster, the brown growled like a dog. "Just a dog" the cops said. They passed the sack of potatoes without giving it a second thought. the blonde than said "potatoes potatoes!" and was arrested the next day.
A hot blonde walks into a bar and asks for a double entendre... So the barman gave her one.
A blonde, brunette &amp; a redhead go into the dr to find out the sex of their babies Dr asks the brunette, " when you were conceiving the baby, which position where you in?" To which she replies missionary. "Ahh, well then your baby is going to be a boy!" The brunnette squeals with excitement. The Dr turns to the red head and asks her the same question. The red head answered proudly "reverse cowgirl!" And the Dr smiles and tells her that means she's having a baby girl. And suddenly the blonde starts crying hysterically.. the Dr turns and says what's wrong sweetheart? She turns to him with a steam of tears running down her face and asks does this mean I'm gunna have puppies?!?!
What do you call a blue eyed, blonde haired person who doesn't eat meat? A vegetaryan 
A dad and his blonde daughter are having a convo -Dad, do you know what the most commonly used letter in a girl’s name is?  -Hmm, is it a consonant or a vowel? (Silence.) Please tell me you know what consonants and vowels are.  -You’re no fun, Dad. Forget it.  -What is a vowel?  -OK, OK. A vowel is … ahh … eh … well, oh … uh …  -Close enough.
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells Q: What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? A: Pregnant.
A blonde walks into a bar... and asks the bartender to lineup 7 shots. He does, and then the blonde takes the 1st shot and dumps it on the floor. Then the blonde picks up the last shot, and does the same. The bartender, peeved that he has to mop it up, asks indignantly, "What the hell?! Why did you do that?" The blonde replies, "Well, the first one always tastes like shit, and the last one always makes me sick!"
A neighbor comes home to find his blonde neighbor crying outside her doorstep He goes up to her and asks her what's wrong, to which she replies,   "I recently found out that my mother died."   He comforts her and eventually she calms down and they both go home.   The next day, he comes home again to find her sitting on her doorstep crying.   He asks her if she's still upset about the passing of her mother.  She explains through her tears,   "I just found out my brother's mom died too!" 
How do you get a Blonde to commit suicide? You put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool.
A Blonde, a Brunette, and a Redhead each walk into a bar. The Brunette orders a drink, and the Redhead orders the same drink. Then, they look at each other, and the Brunette says "Hey, where's the Blonde?"  &amp;#x200B;  They found her unconscious in front of a street sign.
Why was the blonde girl so happy she finished the puzzle in 2 months? Cause the box said 3-4 years.
"I don't get blonde jokes." "Yeah, that's because you're blonde."
A blonde ordered a pizza. The clerk asked if he should cut it in six or twelve pieces. The blonde answered, "Oh! six. I could never eat twelve pieces."
A brunette is chatting with her blonde bff "Guess what?" giggles the brunette. "I fucked a Brazilian last night."  The blonde looks at her, eyes wide.   "You slut!," she cries,   "Wait, how many is a Brazilian again?"
A blonde's office computer had technical issues IT support came over to the desk and said he needed password to access her account.  "It's 'MickeyMinnieBatmanSupergirlWonderwomanLondon'" she replied.  "A bit unusual for a password, how did you come up with it?" the support dude asked.  She went "Because computer said the password has to be at least 5 characters and have a capital"
Why did the blonde smack her face against the book? She was trying to log on Facebook
What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back.
How do you drown a blonde? Put a scratch &amp; sniff sticker at the bottom of a swimming pool.
A blond and two brown haired girls are playing hide and seek The first girl hides in a dog crate with a towel over it when the it comes by she says woof woof the it goes right by the second girl hides in a cat crate and when the it goes by she says meow meow the blond hides in a potato sack and when the it comes by she screams POTATO NOISES.
A blonde with perfect breasts and no bra takes her seat in first class... She's wearing a very tight t-shirt with the word NAN in bold black letters across the front.   The gentleman sitting next to her is already in his seat, enjoying a gin and tonic.   Once settled in she smiles at him and says "That looks good, I'd sure love one".   The man rings the flight attendant and he says "Nan, here would love a gin and tonic, please".   The flight attendant nods and heads back to prepare the drink and the blonde says "Thank you very much, but why did you call me Nan?"   &amp;#x200B;  The man says, "Oh, I'm sorry.  I saw that on your shirt and thought it was your name."   She giggles and says, "Oh!, No, that's not my name.  That's the convention I'm headed to."   The man says, "Oh, my apologies, I just assumed.  If I may ask, what is the convention?"   The blond giggles again and says "the National Association of Nymphomaniacs."  The man almost spits out his drink "Oh, wow, I had no idea that was a thing.  That's fascinating. What sorts of things do you do at these conventions."   The blonde smiles at him coyly and says "Mostly we talk about what men are the best to have sex with."  The man asks "That's very interesting. Out of curiosity, what men *are* the best to have sex with?"  She responds, "Well, last year, it was a tie - between Jewish men and Native American Men. By the way, my name is Paulette, and yours?"  &amp;#x200B;  The man extends his hand and says "Tonto Goldberg, Very nice to meet you!"
A blonde goes to a job interview The first thing the interviewer asks is what is the blonde’s degree.   She replies with “ Don't we use Fahrenheit?"
A blonde mom is cooking dinner when her blonde daughter walks in The daughter asks, "Mom, why do people think we blondes are stupid?"  Her mother replies, "I'll show you", and taps hard on the kitchen counter.  Somewhat confused, the blonde daughter says, "Someone's at the door!".   The blonde mother laughs. "This is why people think we're stupid. Now watch over the stove for me while I answer the door."
First Class Blonde An express flight to New York is boarding passengers. Before all coach can get a seat, a flight stewardess realizes that there's one first class passenger still not sitting. He's arguing with another woman in a seat.  "I'm blonde, beautiful, and I can sit where I want."  The stewardess approaches and asks to see their tickets. Upon viewing her ticket, they find she's actually coach.  "I'm sorry," the flight stewardess says, "you paid for coach, you can't sit up here."  "I'm blonde and beautiful and I can do whatever I want." The blonde responded.  Unable to make the girl move, the flight stewardess goes to the pilot. The pilot follows her to the passenger in question, leans over, and whispers something in her ear.  "Oh!" She says, and she immediately moves to coach. Once out of earshot, the stewardess and first class passenger ask what he told her to make her move.  "I just told her first class isn't going to New York."    ((Bonus points: When I told this joke to my (Blonde) cousin, she asked, "Where was first class going?")) 
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are all in a 9th grade math class, which one is the sexiest? The blonde, because she’s the only one who’s 18.
A blonde a brunette and a redhead go on a hunting trip They stay together in a cabin deep in the woods.   On the first day the brunette goes out hunting and returns back to the cabin with a buck.   The blonde and the brunette are shocked and ask, “How’d you kill a buck!??”   The brunette replied, “I saw the tracks. I followed the tracks. I saw the buck. I shot the buck!”   The next day the redhead goes out hunting and returns to the cabin with a moose!  The brunette and blonde are blown away. They ask, “How the heck did you get A MOOSE!???”  The red head replies, “Well, I saw the tracks. I followed the tracks. I saw the moose. I shot the moose!”  So the blonde thinks to herself how hard can this be? She goes out hunting the next day and returns to the cabin thrashed. Clothes ripped, cuts, bruises, leaves and mud in her hair.  “What happened!!???” Asked the brunette and redhead.  The blonde replied, “I saw the tracks. I followed the tracks. I saw the train. I GOT HIT BY THE TRAIN!”
A blonde woman is at the doctor's office Blonde: I can't pregnant!  Doctor: Okay, how often do you and your boyfriend have sex?  Blonde: Every night!  Doctor: Do you use any sort of protection?  Blonde: No. And I even swallow every time.
Snarky Blonde? Amy, a blonde city girl, marries a Colorado rancher. One morning, on his way out to check on the cows, the rancher says  to Amy, "The insemination man is coming over to impregnate one of our cows today. I drove a nail into the 2 by 4 just above the cow's stall in the barn. You show him where the cow is when he gets here, OK?"   The rancher leaves for the fields. After a while, the artificial insemination man arrives and knocks on the front door..   Amy takes him down to the barn. They walk along the row of cows and when she sees the nail, she tells him, "This is the one...right here."   The man, assuming he is dealing with an air head blonde, asks, "Tell me lady, cause I'm dying to know.....how would YOU know this is the cow to be bred?"   "That's simple. By the nail over its stall," Amy explains very confidently.   Laughing rudely at her, the man says, "And what, pray tell, is the nail for?"   The blonde turns to walk away, and says sweetly over her shoulder, I guess it's to hang your pants on.."
What is long and hard to a blonde? Grade five.
Blonde car A blonde tried to sell her old car. She was having a lot of problems selling it, because the car had 200,000 miles on it. One day, she told her problem to a brunette she worked with at a salon. The brunette told her, "There is a possibility to make the car easier to sell, but it's not legal." "That doesn't matter," replied the blonde, "If I only can sell the car. "Okay," said the brunette. "Here is the address of a friend of mine. He owns a car repair shop. Tell him I sent you and he will turn the counter in your car back to 50,000 miles. Then it should not be a problem to sell your car anymore." The following weekend, the blonde made the trip to the mechanic. About one month after that, the brunette asked the blonde, "Did you sell your car?" "No," replied the blonde, "why should I? It only has 60,000 miles on it."   
A young blonde fears her husband is having an affair   She goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she finds him in bed with a redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps off the bed and starts begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically, the blonde responds to the husband: "Shut up, you're next."
How do you know a blonde has been using the computer? There's white-out on the screen
Carolyn, a rich blonde, buys a new automatic Jaguar XKR Sport. She drives the car perfectly well during the day, but at night, the car just won't move at all...   After trying to drive the car at night for a week (but without any luck), she furiously calls the Jaguar dealers and they send out a technician to her.  The technician examines the car and finds nothing wrong with it.  So he turns to the blonde and asks, "Ma'am, are you sure you are using the right gears?"  Full of anger, the blonde replies, "How on earth you could ask such a question!? I'm not stupid you know! Of course I am using the right gears; I use D during the day and N at night."
A blonde notices a sign in a department store window 'We dont sell to blondes', it says. She decides to wear a wig and go to the store, she puts on a black wig and goes to the store, and asks a sales clerk, 'How much for this refrigerator?'   'Ma'am, I'm sorry, we dont sell to blondes.' He replies.  Perplexed as to how he knew, she returns home, this time dying her hair red, and returns to the store, wearing a hat and sunglasses as a disguise too. She meets the same clerk, and asks 'How much for this refrigerator?'   'Ma'am, we dont sell to blondes.' He replies again.  This time she's very perplexed as all her efforts at disguise have come to nothing.   She asks, 'How do you know I'm a blonde?'  'Because Ma'am, thats a washing machine, not a refrigerator.'  
A blonde goes in to a shoe store... She spots her favourite brand Jimmy Choo's. There's a pair in a style that she likes, so she takes them to the assistant. The brunette assistant starts to box and wrap them up when the blonde says "Can I stop you there for a moment?" The assistant says "Sure, what can I help you with?" The blonde says "You see inside one of the shoes there's a silver "L" and in the other there's a silver "R", what's that all about?" The assistant is now totally incredulous, just stares for a moment with her mouth wide open, she catches herself and says "Why madam they stand for Left and Right". The blonde pauses to think and then smiles "Ah I now see why my panties are stamped C&amp;A"
A blonde drops a dress off at the cleaners As she's leaving the lady behind the counter says "come again"  The blonde says "no just toothpaste this time" 
A blond is tired of being made fun of for being blond So many jokes about blonds had given her a bad reputation. So she decides to change her hair color to hide it.   Every day on her way to work she would run into a shepherd with lots of sheep. She decides today to stop and talk to the shepherd.   She said to him “ If i can guess how many sheep you have, can I keep one?” To which the shepherd confidently replies, “Sure, that sounds fair”  Eager to prove herself she thinks up a number and says “324.” Astonished the shepherd says “Wow that’s right! Go ahead and pick your sheep.”   The disguised blond looks over the heard and after some time she picks, what is to her the cutest one in the bunch. The shepherd looks over to her and says “ Excuse me miss. I have a proposition for you. To make things fair” “Sure “ she replies.   He then says “If i can guess your original hair color, can I have my dog back”
Blonde painting a living room While her husband was at work, a blonde decided to paint their living room.  After her husband arrives home, he finds his wife lying on the floor in a pool of sweat while wearing a parka and a mink. He asked her what she was doing.  She said, "I wanted to prove to you that not all blonde women are dumb, and I wanted to do it by painting the living room."  He says that he was impressed at the good job she had done, but asked, "Why are you wearing two coats?  She replied, "I read the directions on the paint can, and they said, ''For best results, put on two coats!'" 
I asked my blonde friend who she voted for. She said, "I voted for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton."  I said, "Why on earth would you do that?"  "On the ballot," she replied, "it said 'Vote Both Sides'"
Why did the blonde have a sore bellybutton? Because her boyfriend was also blond
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are all in the 9th Grade. Which one is the sexiest? The blonde, because she's the only one who's 18.
What's the difference between a blonde and a walrus? One has whiskers and fishy flaps, and the other is a walrus.
Why do blonde women have bruised belly buttons? Because blonde men are stupid too
what's the difference between a mosquito and a blonde? the mosquito stops sucking after a slap
A blonde girl goes to an appliance store She spots the t.v. she's been saving up for, picks it up and goes to the cashier The cashier says "Sorry ma'am, we don't serve blondes"  Disgruntled she goes back home and dyes her hair black.  The next day she goes into the appliance store, picks out the same t.v. and once again goes to pay   The cashier says "I'm sorry ma'am but told you yesterday, we don't serve blondes"   Furious, she goes home and watches hundreds of sfx makeup tutorials on YouTube, she makes the perfect old man disguise and goes back the next day  The cashier welcomes her and says "Hello sir, how can I help you today?"   She replies "I'd like to buy this tv please young man" in her best old man voice   The cashier replies "I'm sorry, but we don't serve blondes"   "DAMMIT" she screams as she rips off the disguise "HOW DID YOU KNOW?!"   The cashier replies "because that's a microwave" 
A blonde is rubbing Icy Hot on a set of stairs. A woman walks up to her and asks "What are you doing?"  The blonde responds: "A week ago I fell down and sprained my knee. The doctor suggested I rub Icy Hot on the place I fell."
A blonde walks into Best Buy...  She approaches an associate and asks the price of a TV in the corner, but to her surprise, the associate looks at her and tells her that they don't serve blondes.    The blonde goes home and dies her hair brown, the returns to the store and asks the same question - only to get the same reply.    Now furious at how he recognized her, she goes home and puts on a black wig, paints her nails, changes her clothes and puts on sunglasses before heading back out.    She walks back into the store and asks for help with the same TV in the corner.   "Again, lady, we don't serve blondes." the associate replies.   "How the heck do you know it's me?!"  "Because that's not a TV, it's a microwave."   
A man asks to blonde Man : Hey, do you know newton's second law of motion? Blonde : Sorry, I am a science student not a law student.
A blonde is watching the news... A blonde is watching the news with her friend. It says that a plane has crashed in Brazil and that over 50 Brazilians died.  The friend says, "Oh my gosh, that's terrible!"  The blonde replies by saying, "Yeah that is terrible. But how much is a Brazilian?"
A blonde walks into a bar...[NSFW] She was one of the last customers. She ordered a vodka. Got drunk and passed out. Seeing the opportunity, bartender fucked her real hard.  Next day, again she came. Again she ordered vodka and passed out. The bartender had told the story to his friends. They had come to see the blonde and that day they all fucked her.  Next day, the bartender has called all his family and friends and they all fucked the blonde. Quickly the word spread all across town and the next day, the whole town was in the bar.  The blonde came to the bar and ordered orange juice. The bartender almost couldn't believe her. He said, "Mam no vodka today?". She says, "I would love to but whenever I drink vodka, I get pimples in my pussy."
Why was the blond staring at a carton of orange juice? Because it said concentrate.
A blonde was walking down a shady alley, when all of a sudden a mugger jumps out from behind cover and says "I have a knife, give me all your money!" She screamed and yelled "Don't shoot!"
What did the blonde say when she woke up under the milk cow? "Oh! Are all you guys still here?"
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette... ...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.  The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.'  The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.'  The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.'  The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.'
So a Blonde girl calls her friend for some advice " My boyfriend's a right dick! He told me the best cure for constipation was anal sex. I didn't believe him but after some persuasion, he talked me into it and I let him stick his big fat knob into my tiny little arsehole.  He shagged me up the bum really hard then after a while, shot his muck, deep into my bowels. He's just rung me this morning saying he wants to try it again as he's still constipated. What should I do?"
Why did the blonde try to screw a lightbulb? Because she thought it would make her bright
Blonde Joke A guy took his blonde girlfriend to her first football game. They had great seats right behind the team's bench. After the game, he asked her how she liked the experience. "Oh, I really liked it," she replied, "especially the tight pants and all the big muscles, but I just couldn't understand why they were killing each other over 25 cents." Dumbfounded, her date asked, "What do you mean?" "Well, they flipped a coin, one team got it, and then for the rest of the game, all they kept screaming was, 'Get the quarterback! Get the quarterback!' I'm like, hello? It's only 25 cents!"
Why did the blonde burn to death? She couldn't find the snooze button on the smoke alarm.
A blonde calls the doctor to cancel her appointment. "Im going to have to cancel my appointment", says the blonde. "Why?", asks the doctor. "I'm not feeling well...", responds the blonde.
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead walk into a bar... Ouch.
How do you drown a blonde without trying? Put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool
My girlfriend caught me trying to stick a tiny blonde wig and a guitar onto a wasp... She pleaded, "Don't do that! You'll make him Sting!"
A blonde, wanting to earn some money, decided to hire herself out as a handyman-type and started canvassing a wealthy neighborhood. She went to the front door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do. "Well, you can paint my porch. How much will you charge?"  The blonde said, "How about 50 dollars?"   The man agreed and told her that the paint and ladders that she might need were in the garage.  The man's wife, inside the house, heard the conversation and said to her husband, "Does she realize that the porch goes all the way around the house?"  The man replied, "She should. She was standing on the porch."   A short time later, the blonde came to the door to collect her money.  "You're finished already?" he asked.  "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats. "  Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50.   "And by the way," the blonde added, "that's not a Porch, it's a Ferrari." 
A blonde is pulled over for speeding. Turns out the officer is also a blonde woman.  "Let's see your license"  "What's that?'  "The thing in your purse with your face on it"  The Blonde pulls out her compact mirror, looks at it, and hands it to the blonde policewoman.  The policewoman looks at it and says,  "I'm sorry, if i knew you were a cop I wouldn't have pulled you over."
A tall policeman and a blonde  Cop: "Let's see your license"  "What's that?'   "The thing in your purse with your face on it"  The Blonde pulls out her compact, looks at it, hands it to the cop.   Cop sighs, unzips.   Blonde: "Oh no! Another breathalyzer!"
A guy is walking in the countryside and meets a blonde lady farmer. The farmer points East. "That field belongs to me, dont be going there".  She pauses and points North "that big field with the path on it also belongs to me, don't you be going on it".  She repeats the same thing pointing South and East.  The traveller sighs thinking "this woman can't tell ME what to do, there are footpaths going all through those fields and she can't own them all". The traveller sets off at a jog into the northern most field, when suddenly BOOOOOOM! there's a huge explosion and his legs are blown clean off, blood and flesh everywhere.  The blond farmer pauses for a moment, concentrating, looks up and says "Oh no sorry, I mean MINE!"
A young blonde... A young blonde woman is angry because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a gun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful girl.  She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself.  The blonde responds to the husband,  ''Shut up...you're next!''
For a change, blonde MAN A woman phoned her blonde neighbor man and said: "Close your curtains the next time you and your wife are intimate. The whole street was watching and laughing at you yesterday."  To which the blonde man replied: "Well the joke's on "ALL OF YOU" because I wasn't even at home yesterday !
A brunette picks up her blonde friend from the train station She notices the side of her blonde friend is bleeding.  The brunette asks, "What happened to your head?"  The blonde responds, "Like there was nail sticking to the side of the train where I was sitting, everytime there was a bump or change, my head would hit against the nail to a point where like I can't even".  The brunette suggested, " You should've switched seats with someone".  The blonde, "Like I thought about that first but then I noticed there was no one in the train to exchange seats with and I was like my luck is so like bad".
Blonde on an airplane A blonde boards an airplane heading from California to Texas. She takes a seat in first class. The flight attendant taps her on the shoulder gently, and says, "Miss, your seat in is coach. I need you to move please." The blonde says, "No, I'm blonde and beautiful and I deserve to sit in first class." The flight attendant trys to reason with the woman for a moment before getting fustrated and goes to tell the pilot. The co-pilot stands up and says, "Dont worry, I'll deal with this." He goes back to first class and tells the blonde, "Excuse me, Miss, but I need you to take your seat in coach." Again, the blonde replies with a hair flip, "No, I'm blonde and beautiful and deserve to ride to Texas in first class." The co-pilot tries fruitlessly to reason with her and finally gets fed up and goes back to the cockpit. He tells the pilot what transpired and the pilot gets up to take care of the problem, saying, "Dont worry, my wife is blonde." Within 30 seconds of talking to her, the blonde gets wide eyes and grabs all her things to head back to her seat in coach. The flight attendant and co-pilot are shocked, they both ask, "What did you say to get her to move?!"  The pilot with a grin on his face, replies, "Easy, I told her that first class wasnt going to Texas."
A Blonde and her boyfriend are watching the 9pm news A Blonde and her boyfriend are watching the 9pm news, the anchor is showing a video of a girl threatening to jump off a cliff. The guy turns to the Blonde and says "I bet you $500 she jumps" "you're on" the Blonde replies.   2 minutes later the girl jumps and dies.   As she is pulling money out her purse, the boyfriend says "I feel bad taking your money, but I watched the 6pm news and I saw this story" "me too" the Blonde answered, "but I didn't think she would be stupid enough to jump off again"
BLONDE COUNTING Q: Why can't a blonde count to 70? A: Because 69 is a bit of a mouthful.
Genie Blonde Joke A redhead, a brunette, and a blonde are stranded on an island and stumble onto a magic lamp. They rub the lamp and a genie pops out and grants them three wishes, one wish each. The redhead says "I wish I was back home with my family". and POOF! she was gone. The brunette says "I wish I was back home with my family too." and POOF! she was gone. The blonde thought for a while and said "Geeze, it sure is lonely here, I wish them two were here with me again." and POOF!  LOL
Walked into a bar today and saw a blond mathematician ordering one beer. I said "Lady, the beer is supposed to be drunken, not to be ordered."
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead stuck on an island. There were three people stranded on an island that was about 10 miles away from civilization after a couple of days they had eaten up and drank all of there supply’s so they decided that they should try and swim to civilization first the brunette tries she gets 7 miles out then she drowns and dies the redhead only gets to about 3 miles she then drowns and dies then the blonde gets to about 5 miles says I’m tired and swims back the island
I found out my usual doctor had retired and my new doctor was a gorgeous 25 year old blonde stunner so I made an appointment. I told her I had an intimate problem and she reassured me it was totally fine, she is a professional and there is nothing she hasn’t seen before. She asked me to not be embarrassed and to go ahead and tell her what the problem was.. &amp;nbsp;  So I told her, *”My wife thinks my dick tastes funny”*
A blonde joins a book club. She goes along to the first meeting and it's her turn to share what she's been reading this week.  "Well, it took me a while to finish, but this was a brilliant read and I highly recommend it". She pulls out a bookmark and shows it to the group.  One of the members says, "Um... That's not a book"  "What are you talking about? Mark at the library gave me this when I asked him for a book!"
Q: Why can't a blonde dial 911?  A: She can't find the eleven. 
A blonde is participating in a gameshow The host asks the blonde what 2+2 is.  "3" yells the blonde.  "I'm afraid that's the wrong answer" replies the host.  The whole crowd yells in unison: "give her another chance, give her another chance!"  The host says: "ok I'll give you another try: what's 2+2?"  The blonde this time says: "5".  The host is disappointed again and the crowd again yells: "give her another chance, give her another chance!"  The host then says: "last try: what's 2+2?"  This time the blonde says 4 and the crowd claps except for one blonde in the audience.  She screams: "give her another chance, give her another chance!"
A blonde woman goes to the doctors Sitting in the chair she turns to the doctor and says “Every time I prod my body, it hurts. I could prod my arm, my leg and even my head and it’ll really hurt”  Intrigued the doctor examines her and smiles. He turns to the woman and says “You’ve broken your finger”
A blonde woman canvassed a wealthy neighborhood looking for odd jobs...   She went to the front door of the first house and asked the owner if he had anything for her to do. "Well, you can paint my porch. How much will you charge?" She replied, "How about $50?" The man agreed and told her the paint was in the garage. A short time later, the blonde came to the door to collect her money. "You're finished already?" he asked.  "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats." Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50.  "And by the way," the blonde added, "that's not a Porsche; it's a Ferrari."
Why did the blonde have a runny nose? She was full.
What's the difference between a blonde and a bowling ball? You can only get 3 fingers in a bowling ball 
Blonde guy gets home from work... Hears his wife screaming, coming from their bedroom upstairs. He sprints up, and opens the door to see his wife laying naked on their bed, sweating and panting.  "Honey! Help! I'm having a heart attack!"  He runs back down the stairs and starts dialing the ambulance, when his son and daughter tell him:  "Dad! Uncle Terry's upstairs! And he's naked!"  He slams down the phone, sprints back up the stairs, runs past his wife and opens the wardrobe. Sure enough, there was his brother crouching in the corner naked.  "WHAT THE HELL TERRY! My wife's having a heart attack and you're running around naked scaring the kids!"
Another Blonde joke that is definitely not a repost. Honest. I wouldn't kid you. A blonde lady motorist was about two hours from San Diego when she was flagged down by a man whose truck had broken down.   The man walked up to the car and asked, “Are you going to San Diego?”   “Sure,” answered the blonde, “do you need a lift?”   “Not for me. I'll be spending the next three hours fixing my truck. My problem is I've got two chimpanzees in the back that have to be taken to the San Diego Zoo. They're a bit stressed already so I don't want to keep them on the road all day. Could you possibly take them to the zoo for me? I'll give you $200 for your trouble.”   “I'd be happy to,” said the blonde.   So the two chimpanzees were ushered into the back seat of the blonde's car and carefully strapped into their seat belts, and off they went.   Five hours later, the truck driver was driving through the heart of San Diego when suddenly he was horrified!   There was the blonde walking down the street, holding hands with the two chimps, much to the amusement of a big crowd.With a screech of brakes he pulled off the road and ran over to the blonde.   “What are you doing here?” he demanded, “I gave you $200 to take these chimpanzees to the zoo!”   “Yes, I know you did,” said the blonde. “But we had money left over so now we're going to Sea World  
A terribly overweight blonde woman goes to her doctor about her weight, so her doctor puts her on a diet. “I want you to eat vegetables and grains for 2 days, then skip a day, and repeat this procedure for 2 weeks.   The next time I see you, you will have lost at least 5 pounds.”  When the blonde returned, she shocked the doctor by losing nearly 20 pounds.  “Why, that’s amazing!” the doctor said, “Did you follow my instructions?”  The blonde nodded.   “I’ll tell you though, I thought I was going to drop dead that third day.”  “From hunger, you mean?”  “No, from skipping.”
A blond starts working for the RCMP As part of her job, she sometimes goes out on hiking trails to see if anyone needs help. One day, her boss calls her in to talk with her.  Her boss tells her, "We have been getting a lot of people saying you saved them from hypothermia. More than anyone else in the RCMP! We would like to know; what is your secret?"   "Oh, sir, they're wrong! None of them had hypothermia at all," she replied.  "Well then, why did they think you saved them?"  "Well, it always happens the same way. I see someone on a trail, or camping, or on the side of a creek. They're shivering and moaning and asking for help. My first thought us that they do have hypothermia, but I can't check in the cold. The thermometer wouldn't be accurate. So I take them to the nearest house I can find and I have them warm up. Once the shivering stops I know the reading will be accurate."
A blonde, redhead, and brunette are trying to cross a river...  ... when they come across a genie lamp. The genie comes out and grants them each one wish.  The blonde wished she was smart enough to cross the river, and the genie taught her how to swim. She swam across and got her makeup wet and stormed off.  The redhead wished she was smart enough to cross the river and not get wet, so the genie gave her the smarts to build a boat. It took her a long time to get ready, but she managed to get to the other side.  Finally, the Brunette wished she was smart enough to cross the river, not get wet, and not take a super long time to do it. The genie turned her into a man, and then he took the bridge.
What do you call a blond skeleton in the closet? The winner of hide and seek. 
Why aren't "Blonde jokes" funny? Cause they're stupid. 
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead decided to take a vacation to Australia. None of them made it back alive. The redhead hopped off the plane and headed straight for the beach. She was eaten by a shark shortly thereafter.   The brunette was tired after her long flight, so she headed straight for her hotel to take a nap. After her nap, she got up to head to the opera, but a spider had slipped into her shoes and when she tried to put them on she was bitten and died.   The blonde was found drowned in her car off the coast of Florida. She'd taken one look at flight tickets and figured it was cheaper to drive.
A blonde woman is in a restaurant She eats her entree but instead of eating her vegetables she just stares longingly at them while using her fork to make circular motions in them.  After about 15 minutes of this her waiter walks over and asks her what she's doing.  "Duh, being fashionable"  "...what?"  "Everyone knows it's in style to want whirled peas but that we can't realistically ever have it"
A readhead tells her blonde step-sister "I slept with 2 Brazilian guys last night!" The blonde replies, "Holy shit, you slut! How many is a Brazilian?"
Why didn't the blond call 911? She couldn't find the 11 on the dial pad.
A blonde is in bed with her lover when suddenly the phone rings. She answers and has a short conversation with the caller. When the call ends, she turns to her lover and says: “That was Frank. He told me not to worry and not to stay up and wait for him tonight cause he’s playing cards with you.”
Why did the blonde get fired from the M&amp;M factory? Cuz she threw away all of the W’s
A blonde was speeding in a 35 mile per hour zone when a local police officer pulled her over and walked up to the car. The officer also happened to be a blonde and she asked for the blonde's driver's license.  The driver searched frantically in her purse for a while and finally said to the blonde policewoman, "What does a driver's license look like?"  Irritated, the blonde cop said, "You dummy, it's got your picture on it!"  The blonde driver frantically searched her purse again and found a small, rectangular mirror down at the bottom.   She held it up to her face and said, "Aha!   This must be my driver's license" and handed it to the blonde policewoman.  The blonde cop looked in the mirror, handed it back to the driver and said,   "You're free to go.   And, if I had known you were a police officer too, we could have avoided all of this."
A blonde is in a canoe in the middle of a grassy field. As she tries to row toward the nearby road, another blonde driving on the road sees her and stops. She rolls down her window and yells,  "What are you doing?" "Rowing to shore, I'm stuck in this sea of grass!" The blonde in the field replies. "You idiot! It's blondes like you that give us a bad name, and if I could swim I'd come out there and kick your ass!"
what does a fake blonde and airplanes have in common? They both have black boxes.
A blonde is proposed by her fiancee. "Sara, will you marry me?"  "Yes, I will!" "This ring is from my grandmother. She survived the holocaust with this." "I didn't know they gave rings out to people during the holocaust" 
A blonde walks into a sex shop She goes to the toys abd starts browsing at the dildos, after a few minutes the cashier comes and ask her what she's looking for. "Well I have multiple toys, and nothing really seems to satisfy me" she says. As she says that she hears an awful racket coming from the back, "What's that?" she ask. "Oh that's the new toy we just got in and it seems perfect for you!" the cashier responds. "What is it?" she ask.  "It's called the voodoo dildo. To activate it you say, 'voodoo dildo on' then you say the hole you want it to go in, for example, 'voodoo dildo my pussy." he explained. "That sounds great! I'll take it!" she says with excitement. On her drive home it turns on for some odd reason, so she thought she'd try it, "Voodoo dildo my pussy." she calls out. The dildo starts screwing her and giving it to her the best she's ever had. As she's riding down the road, she starts to swerve all over the road and gets the attention of a cop. The cop pulls her over walks up to her car where she's still squirming in extacy. "So what's going on here mam? You was swerving all over the road and into the other lane." he ask. "Oh its just my new dildo, it's called the voodoo dildo and it'll start to screw whatever you tell it too." she explained to the officer. The officer looks her straight into her eyes thinking she was drunk or something and yells, "VOODOO DILDO MY ASS!!"
A blonde was so proud to have completed a puzzle. The box said 3-5 years but she completed it in only 2 years!
Blonde physical education teacher A blonde gets a job as a physical education teacher for 16 - 18 year olds.  She notices a boy at the end of the field standing alone, while all the other kids are running around having fun, kicking a football.  She takes pity on him and decides to speak to him. 'Are you ok?' she asks.  'Yes,' he replies.  'You can go and play with the other kids, you know,' she says.  'It's best I stay here,' he says.  'Why's that, sweetie?' asks the blonde..  The boy looks at her incredulously and says:  "Because I'm the goal keeper !!!"
Two blonde roommates One day julia's new roommate emma was bathing with the door open.   julia: Why are you bathing with the door open?  emma: I didn't want your stupid boyfriend peeping through the keyhole that's why! 
A blonde notices that her coworker has a thermos So she asks him what it's for.   He responds, "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold."  The blonde immediately buys one for herself.   The next day, she goes to work and proudly displays it.  Her coworker asks, "What do you have in it?"  She replies, "Soup and ice cream."
Blonde girl was staring at a bottle of juice... Because the label said "concentrate."
Hey, did you hear about the blonde girl who choked on a piece of plastic? She said that mannequin was one smooth talker.
I asked the blonde lady, "Why do you have TGIF written on your shoes?" She replied, "Toes Go In First" 
A blonde decided she wanted to make some extra cash, so decided to go house to house taking on small jobs... She went to a neighbourhood of mansions, walked up to a house, and knocked on the door.   When the owner answered she asked him if he had anything for her to do. "Well, you can paint my porch. How much will you charge?" She replied, "How about $50?" The man agreed and told her the paint was in the garage. A short time later, the blonde came to the door to collect her money. "You're finished already?" he asked.  "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats." Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50.  "And by the way," the blonde added, "that's not a Porsche; it's a Ferrari."
A blonde got on on a bus and decided to sit right behind the bus driver [Deleted]
What's the difference between a Blonde and a brick?   When you lay a brick, it won't follow you around for weeks afterwards.
Whats the difference between a blond girl and an elevator? An elevator only fits 5 people in it.
Blonde Joke Three pregnant women were having brunch together, discussing pregnancy matter, and the subject of the baby's gender came up.   Brunette: My baby's going to be a boy because when my husband and I conceived, I was on top.   Redhead: My baby is going to be a girl because I was on the bottom.   Blonde (bursting into tears): "My baby's going to be a puppy."
A blonde is stranded on an island with her two friends Suddenly a genie appears with one wish for each girl  The first girl wishes she could go back home The second girl wishes she could go back home too  Finally, the blonde gets to make her wish and asks the Genie to cure her loneliness by bringing her two friends back to the island.
How do you make blond's eyes shine? Just put flashlight to her ear and turn it on.
A blonde scientist anounces that she has discovered that birds can read. "Yes, that's right everybody, I have discovered that birds can read," the blonde says to the media.  "How could you possibly find that out?" a woman asks.  "Well, these birds kept running into my bedroom window. So I put up a big, big sign in the window saying 'DO NOT RUN INTO. THIS IS A WINDOW.' That was two months ago. A bird hasn't run into my window since that day."
Another blonde joke Boyfriend is driving down the street with his (blonde) girlfriend in the passenger seat. The boyfriend becomes concerned the turn signals are not working, so he asks his girlfriend to poke her head out the passenger side window to see if the right turn signal is functioning. She replies, "it's working, it's not working, it's working.."
A blonde Goes on a date with a man She asks the man if he has any kids  He tells her "I have one just under seven"  She thinks for a moment and then says "that's a lot of kids!"
did you hear about the blonde who was raking leaves? she fell out of the tree
A blonde and a redhead have a ranch A blonde and a redhead have a ranch. They have just lost their bull. The women need to buy another, but only have $500. The redhead tells the blonde, "I will go to the market and see if I can find one for under that amount. If I can, I will send you a telegram." She goes to the market and finds one for $499. Having only one dollar left, she goes to the telegraph office and finds out that it costs one dollar per word. She is stumped on how to tell the blonde to bring the truck and trailer. Finally, she tells the telegraph operator to send the word "comfortable." Skeptical, the operator asks, "How will she know to come with the trailer from just that word?" The redhead replies, "She's a blonde so she reads slow: 'Come for ta bull.'"
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are stuck on an island and discover a magic lamp. They rub and rub, and sure enough, out pops a genie. The genie says, "Since I can only grant three wishes, you may each have one." The brunette says, "I've been stuck here for years. I miss my family, my husband and my life. I just want to go home."  Poof! The brunette gets her wish, and she is returned to her family.  The redhead says, "I've also been stuck here for years, and I wish I could go home, too."  Poof! The redhead gets her wish, and she is returned to her family.  The blonde starts crying uncontrollably.  The genie asks, "My dear, what's the matter?"  The blonde whimpers, "I wish my friends were still here."  Edit: thank you soooo much for the upvotes!
What do you call a blonde with half a brain? Gifted.
What are the best 10 years of a blonde's life? Third grade.
What is a blonde's favourite colour? Pineapple.
A ventriloquist at a comedy show is telling blonde jokes... Suddenly, a blonde woman in the crowd stands up.  "I’ve heard enough of your stupid blonde jokes! What makes you think you can stereotype women like this? What does the color of a person’s hair have to do with her worth as a human being? It’s men like you that keep women like me from being respected at work and in the community, and from reaching our full potential as a person. Because you and men like you continue to perpetuate discrimination against not only blondes, but women in general, and all in the name of humor! You should be ashamed of yourself!"  Feeling guilty, the ventriloquist begins to apologize to the woman, when she interrupts him.  "Hey, you stay out of this, Mister! I'm not talking to you, I'm talking to the little bastard on your knee!"
Blonde body repair A blonde is driving home and she gets caught in a really bad hailstorm. The hail is as big as tennis balls, and she ends up with her car covered with large dents. So the next day she takes her car to the repair shop.   The shop owner, seeing she is blonde, decides to have a little fun. He tells her just to go home and blow into the tail pipe, really hard, and all the dents will just pop out.   The blonde drives home, gets out of the car, gets down on her hands and knees and starts blowing into the tail pipe.  Nothing happened. So she blew a little harder, and still nothing happens.   Meanwhile, her roommate, also a blonde, comes home and asks,"What in the world are you doing?"  The blonde car owner tells her how the repairman had instructed her to blow into the tailpipe in order to get all the hail dents to pop out.   Her blonde roommate rolls her eyes and says, "Hell-OOOO! Don't you think you should roll up the windows first?
DUMB BLONDE A dumb blond was tired of being made fun of, so she decided to have her hair she would look like a brunette.  When she had brown hair, she decided to take a drive in the country.  After she had been driving for a while, she saw a farmer and a flock of sheep and thought, “Oh! Those sheep are so adorable!”  She got out and walked over to the farmer and said, “If I can guess how many sheep you have, can I take one home?” The farmer, being a bit of a gambler himself, said she could have a try.  The blonde looked at the flock and guessed, “157.”  The farmer was amazed – she was right! So the blonde, (who looked like a brunette), picked one out and got back into her car.  Before she left, farmer walked up to her and said. “If I can guess the real color of your hair, can I have my dog back?”
What do fifty thousand abused blonde women all have in common? They just don't listen.
Blonde / Brunette Q: What do you call it when a blonde dyes their hair brunette?   A: Artificial intelligence.
A blonde goes horseback riding for the first time in her life, she's never had any prior lessons or training. As soon as her bottom hits the saddle, the horse gallops away.  Immediately the girl realizes she's not in the saddle correctly and she does everything she can to stay on the horse, she pulls on the horse's mane, she grabs the saddle ... but she realizes it's no use.  Finally she decides the best thing to do is to jump clear of the horse but as she does this, her foot becomes entangled in the stirrup and she is dragged by the horse.  Her head is hitting the ground ... thump ... thump ... thump ... over and over again.  Just as she is about to lose consciousness ..... the store manager runs out and unplugs the horse!
Had a great time on my recent holiday to Switzerland. Skiing, alpine views, flirting with blonde Swiss girls.... but the best part was dropping the mother-in-law off at Dignitas.
A blond is driving down country roads feeling smart because she dyed her hair brown She turns a corner and finds the road completely blacked by sheep. The farmer comes it the the window and apologizes for blockage, he says they’ll be past in a few minutes. The “brunette” looks at the sheep and back at the farmer and says “if I can guess how meant sheep are there can I have one?” The farmer knowing there is no way she can guess agrees. The “brunette” look at the sheep again and guesses “131”, the farmer is shocked and stunned. The “brunette” gets out of her car and collect her prize sheep, the farmer leans back into the window and says “if I can guess your original hair color can I have my dog back”.
Some blonde chick was in my house holding something the other day... ...turns out it was just Reese Witherspoon
What’s the difference between a Blonde and a Mosquito? A Mosquito stops sucking when you slap it.
A blonde and a brunette are walking downtown when the brunette sees her boyfriend in a flower shop.  "Just great," the brunette complained to the blonde, "my boyfriend is in the flower shop buying me some flowers."  The blonde responds, "Why is that a problem?"   The brunette replies, "Because now he'll expect me to spend all weekend with my legs spread and my feet up in the air."   "Why?" asked the blonde, "Don't you have a vase?"
Did you hear about the new paint called "blonde" paint? It's not very bright but it spreads easily.
A guy in a restaurant stops a pretty blonde waitress as she passes by his table... "Excuse me, Miss. Can I ask you a question about the menu, please?"  She throws a drink in his face. "The men I please are none of your damn business!"
How do you make a blonde laugh on a Sunday morning Tell her a joke on Friday :)
A genie gives a blonde, a brunette, and a redhead three wishes.. The only condition is that whatever they wish for, should be shouted out riding down a slide, and whatever they wish for will be waiting for them in a kiddie pool at the bottom. The redhead goes first. She shouts "Skittles" and she cannonballs into a pool of skittles. The brunette goes next, and she shouts "Gold" and she cannonballs into a pool of gold. The blonde goes next, and she shouts, "WEEEEEEE!"
Another blonde joke A blonde woman is driving down the road. She notices that she's low on gas, so she stops at a gas station. While she's pumping her gas, she notices that she locked the keys in the car. So when she goes inside to pay, she asks the attendant for a hanger so that she can attempt to open the door herself.   She returns outside and begins to jimmy the lock. Ten minutes later, the attendant comes out to see how the blonde is faring.  Outside the car, the blonde is moving the hanger around and around while the blonde inside the car is saying, "A little more to the left...a little more to the right!…"
A blonde walks into a metal bar Ouch
A ventriloquist does a comedy show at a bar and makes a lot of jokes about blondes. A blonde lady stands up all feminazi and goes on a tirade. "Blonde jokes are dehumanizing and offensive not only to blond people but to females like me. You are one of the reasons why we can't move up the corporate ladder and people look at us like we're dumb!  "It is unfair that you should brand blonds as intellectually incapable and dumb because we are very far from it.  "I just got my Master's degree and I still see jokes about blonds like this! This is sick! It is not funny!"  The ventriloquist starts apologizing but the blonde feminazi shuts him up. She says,  "Sir, do not make excuses for that man sitting on your lap. I was talking to him, not you."
A blonde is driving through the country She had just recently dyed her hair brown and was moving out to a small rural community to start a fresh life living off the land.  As she is driving down a down an old gravel road she comes across a farmer moving his sheep across the road, he's almost done so she stops to let him finish. Looking out across the flock she says to the farmer   "That's the biggest flock of sheep I've ever seen!" Seeing her awe the farmer decides to see if he could make a quick buck.   "I'll tell ya what, for $10 you can guess how many sheep I've got here. Guess correctly and I'll let you take any one home with you." The blonde quickly hands over the money suddenly shouting   "7,324!"   "What?! That's exactly right! I'm a man of my word take any one you want."   "I want that one over there" she says pointing just behind the farmer. Slightly confused he says   "Your hair isn't naturally brown is it?"   "Why no, how did you know?"   "If I can guess what colour your hair is naturally can I have my dog back?"
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead go hunting A blonde, a brunette and a redhead all went out camping and hunting together. After setting up camp the brunette left to go hunt. 24 hours later the brunette came back with a deer. The others were in awe of the brunette and asked, "How did you do it?"  The brunette replied, "Found tracks, followed tracks, shot the deer."  The next day the redhead went out and returned 48 hours later with a bear. The blonde and brunette were in complete awe and asked, "How did you do it?"  The redhead replied, "Found tracks, followed tracks, shot the bear."  The next day the blonde went out and returned three days later completely broken, bruised, and bloody. The brunette and redhead were shocked and horrified asking, "What happened!?"  The blonde replied, "Found tracks, followed tracks, got hit by a train."
Why didn't the blonde eat all 70 cookies? Because 69 was a mouthful.
Why do blonde women have bruised navals? Blonde men
Blonde bar maid takes things literally So a man walks into a bar and orders a screwdriver, the bar maid hands him a screwdriver.  "What's this?" He asks.   The bar maid says "oh so you're not the matinence worker, sorry."  He then asks for sex on the beach   *slap* "Is that any way to treat lady, at least buy me dinner first.   "Okay okay,  I'll just have a beer, my dear blonde sister."
I had sex with a blonde I fucked her brains in.
Blonde dropped and cracked her phone screen.    &amp;#x200B;  Blonde 1: "Hey, I dropped my phone and the screen is cracked. Will they be able to fix this?"  Blonde 2: "Is it that bad?"  Blonde 1::  "See for yourself. I'll send you a screen shot."  \*After seeing the screenshot\*  Blonde 2:  "Are you kidding me?"  Blonde 1:: "..."  Blonde 2: "This looks brand new."
A brunette, a redhead and a blonde were to be executed during a dictatorship. Method of execution: Firing squad  The brunette was up, the gunmen readied their weapons, the captain started the countdown ... 3...2...1  The brunette exclaimed : "EARTHQUAKE!!!"  The gunmen were terrified! Fearing their impending doom at the face of such a natural phenomenon, they dispersed. Amidst the chaos the brunette escaped, stealing a military vehicle and fleeing the country.  It was the redhead's turn. once again the gunmen readied their weapons, the captain started the countdown ...3...2...1  The redhead exclaimed: "TORNADO!!!"  And once again, the gunmen, terrified of the risk of getting blown away by a tornado, dispersed, only for the redhead to escape in a manner similar to the brunette.  The blonde was up, once again the gunmen readied their weapons, the captain started the countdown ...3...2...1  The blonde exclaimed: "FIRE!!!"
A blonde finds herself in serious money trouble... Lost her job and she's in dire financial straits.  She's desperate so she decides to ask God for help. She begins to pray... "God, please help me. I've lost my job and if I don't get some money, I'm going to lose my house as well. Please let me win the lottery."  Lottery night comes, and somebody else wins.  She again prays... "God, please let me win the lottery! I've lost my job, my house and I'm going to lose my car as well."  Lottery night comes and she still has no luck.  Once again, she prays... "My God, why have you forsaken me? I've lost my job, my house, and my car. My children are starving. I don't often ask You for help, and I've always been a good servant to You. PLEASE let me win the lottery just this one time so I can get my life back in order."  Suddenly there is a blinding flash of light as the heavens open.  The blonde is overwhelmed by the Voice of God, Himself...."Sweetheart, work with Me on this.... Buy a ticket."
Premature ejaculator seeks bubbly, blonde female with big ti... Er... never mind, doesn't matter now
A blonde walks into a sex shop. Clerk: Hi Ma'am! What are you looking for today?  Blonde: I'm not getting much action lately, so I'm looking for a dildo.  Clerk: *shows her the dildo collection* This is what we have ma'am. Which one do you prefer?  Blonde: I want the red one.  Clerk: That's the fire extinguisher you whore!
Blonde Near Death Experience  A blonde named Anna had a near death experience the other day when she went horseback riding.          Everything was going fine until the horse started bouncing out of control. She tried with all her might to hang on, but was thrown off. Just when things could not possibly get worse, her foot got caught in the stirrup. When this happened, she fell head first to the ground. Her head continued to bounce harder as the horse did not stop or even slow down.          Just as she was giving up hope and losing consciousness, the Wal-Mart manager happened to walk by and unplug it.
A blonde goes to see the doctor... Doctor: What seems to be troubling you?  Blonde: Well doctor, it really hurts when I poke my knee.  Doctor: Hmmm, that does seem odd. Is there anything else?  Blonde: Yes there is doctor, it also hurts when I poke my ankle.  Doctor: I see, is there anything else?  Blonde: Yes Doctor, it also hurts when I poke my stomache.  Doctor: I think know what's wrong.  Blonde: Wow Doctor, you can figure that out without an X-ray or even a physical examination? That's incredible! Is it serious?  Doctor: No. You broke your finger.  
A blonde walks to some railroad tracks. When she gets there she sees a brunette jumping on and off the tracks. The brunette is jumping on and saying, "42," then jumping back off.   The blonde walks up to the brunette and asks her what she is doing. The brunette just keeps jumping and saying "42."  The blonde watches for a few seconds and she decides to give it a try, now the brunette and blonde are both jumping and saying "42."  A train starts coming down the tracks, the brunette walks away, the blonde keeps jumping and saying "42."  The train comes and the blonde goes splat.  Once the train passes the brunette goes back to the tracks and starts jumping on and off of them saying "43."
A brunette, a redhead, and a blonde visit a magical bridge. The sign reads "Magical bridge: Jump off the bridge and shout out what you want to land in and so it shall be."   The brunette goes first, she climbs on the rail, jumps off and yells "Pillows!" She lands safe and sound in a pile of pillows.  The redhead jumps next. " Hundred dollar bills!" She yells and lands in a huge pile of money.  The blonde goes last. She climbs up, jumps off and gets scared. She yells "Oh shiiiiiiiit!" 
Why did the blond get fired from the banana plantation? Because she threw out all the bent ones.
A Blonde, a Brunette, and a Red-Head are stuck on an Island... All three girls have been trapped on the island for years. Right as they all began to despise each other, a magical genie lamp washed onto the shore. They rubbed it, and sure enough, out popped a genie.   The genie looks at the three girls and says "I can offer three total wishes. Since there are three of you, each of you gets one wish."   All three girls start carefully thinking about what to wish for when the red-head steps forward.   "You know, I've been trapped on this island for years now. It's about time I've gotten back to my family. I miss my two little girls dearly."  The genie looks at her, nods, and says: "okay, in order to leave, you need to run one lap around the island. Once you make it all the way around, jump, yell what you want to turn into, and that's what you'll become."  The red-head began to think. "I must think of my favorite bird... I know! Owl!" She runs around the island, jumps, screams "owl!", Turns into an owl and flies away.   The brunette, watching her friend leave, gets a similar idea. "I want to see the world. I'm tired of the same old beach and ocean."   The genie looks at her and says "do the same thing as your friend. Run one lap around the island, jump, shout something to turn into, and that's what you'll become."  The brunette thinks "my favorite bird... Hawk, hawk, hawk". She runs around the island, jumps, screams "hawk!", and flies away.   The blonde, after watching her friends leave, isn't sure what to do. After thinking for a moment, she decides that she wants to leave the island too, as she no longer has anything to do. She says: "I guess I'll leave too. I'm already bored without my friends."   The genie nods and says: "you know what to do. Go forth and get out of here."  The blonde began thinking of her favorite bird: "pigeon, pigeon, pigeon!".  She runs around the island, jumps, trips, and screams "oh shit!"
Two blonde sisters Two blond sisters were in a terrible car accident. The wreck resulted in a fire, and both girls lost their eyesight.   Soon they were enrolled in a school to match people with seeing eye dogs. One day, the were out in the forest walking with the dogs, but the mutts became distracted by a squirrel and ran off. This left the girls stranded unable to find their way out. One of them offered an elbow to the other, and said "Just follow me, at least we can stick together." It was a clear case of the blond leading the blond. 
A classic blonde joke A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, "Shut up...you're next!ya 
A Blonde, a Brunette and a Redhead are against a wall to be executed by a firing line. Each is given an opportunity for last words. The Redhead is up first: she points and screams "Tornado!" Everyone freaks out and in the commotion she gets away. The Brunette is second and catches on the the plan: she points and screams "Tsunami," fleeing in the confusion. The Blonde has worked out a similar strategy and, on her turn, yells "FIRE!" 
A Blonde, a Redhead, and a Brunette are running from some guards in a medieval castle c.1320. They stumble into a storage room on the far side of the keep that is piled high with boxes, barrels and sacks. The Redhead hurriedly empties a bunch of potatoes out of one of the burlaps and climbs inside. The Brunette and the Blonde quickly follow suit.  The guards are about to rush past the store room but hear something inside and go to investigate: no one appears to be in there.  One of the guards quizzically gives a sharp kick to an oddly placed bag--the one the Brunette is hiding in--and is rewarded with an irritated "MEOW!" "Just a filthy cat," explains the guard, as he kicks another. This time it's the Redheads: "Woof W^oooo^ooof," emits a high pitched yelp! "Just a bloody dog, then," says the guard.  He kicks a third sack, and this time it's the Blonde's. Thinking she has caught on to the trick she exclaims, "Potato! Potato! Potato!" 
It must be easy for a blonde to play dumb. Even she doesn't know she's pretending. 
A Blonde, Brunette, and a Redhead are all pregnant and waiting for an ultrasound in the doctor’s office. As they are waiting, they begin to discuss what gender they each think their babies are going to be.  “Well I know my baby is going to be a girl,” said the Brunette. “My husband and I were doing it missionary style when she was conceived.”  “Mine will be a boy!” Said the redhead. “I was riding on top of him when I got pregnant.”  This causes the Blonde to burst hysterically into tears.  “What’s wrong?” The other two asked.  “I’m going to have puppies!”
A Brunette enters an elevator at work with a Blonde She turns to the blonde and says T.G.I.F. The blonde responds with S.H.I.T. She thinks, hmm maybe she didn't hear me and again says T.G.I.F. The blonde responds again with S.H.I.T. The brunette is now frustrated with how stupid the blonde is and finally just says thank god its Friday The blonde smirks and says sorry honey it's Thursday
So a blonde and a brunette are having a chat. The brunette goes "Do you know what my dumb husband did? He bought me flowers again.."  Surprised , the blonde answers "Awww, thats so cute! He's not dumb, he's kind!"  The brunette says "Yea, but you know what they always want when they give you flowers. You always have to lay back and spread your legs."  The blonde makes a confused face and says "Why? You don't own a vase?"
My blonde daughter is getting to that age where she asks questions about everything because she doesn't know anything. She's 28.
....magical blonde wizard wlaks ito a bra **blonde:** ...where's my spell checker?
A blonde walks to a bank. A blonde walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the loan officer. She says she's going to Europe on business  trip for two weeks and needs to borrow $5,000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan.  So the blonde hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce. Everything checks out, and the bank agrees to accept the car as collateral. The bank's president and its officers all enjoy a good laugh at the blonde for using a $250,000 car as collateral against a $5,000 loan. An employee of the bank then drives the car into the bank's underground garage and parks it there.  Two weeks later, the blonde returns and repays the $5,000 and the interest, which comes to $15.41. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very nicely, but we are a little puzzled. We checked you out and found that you are a multimillionaire. What puzzles us is: why would you bother to borrow $5,000?" The blonde replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
A blonde was looking for some odd jobs... A blonde decides to do some odd jobs around the neighborhood and walks up to the first house. A man answers the door and tells her she can paint the porch if she wants. The blonde says sure and asks what he thinks a fair price would be. The man reply's $50. After the blonde agrees to it the man tells her the paint is in the garage.  After overhearing the conversation the man's wife asks "she knows the porch goes all the way around the house right?" the man says "she should she was standing on it."   A short time later the blonde comes back and asks for the money. The man says "I am impressed you did it so fast"  to which the blonde replied ya I even had some paint left over so I gave it two coats." The man is very upset with what he saw. "by the way" the blonde states "that's a Ferrari, not a porch."
A blonde walks into an electronic store.. She goes up to a man working there, points, and asks, "Could I purchase that T.V over there". The man replies, "No sorry, we don't sell to blondes". The woman storms out of the store but comes up with an idea. If she dyes her hair, the man will not know she is blonde and will sell her the T.V.   So the next day she walks into the same electronic store with her hair dyed black and asks the same man, "Could I purchase that T.V over there?" The man replies with the same answer saying, "No sorry, we don't sell to blondes". The women again storms out of the store wondering how he could tell she is blonde. So she decides she will try one more time.  She walks in the electronic store and asks the same guy, hair brown this time, the same question and she gets the same response. Furious, she questions him, "How the hell do you know I'm blonde? I've dyed my hair twice!". The man smirks and replies, "That T.V you were pointing at, that's a microwave".
A Blonde Woman Asks For A $5000 Loan A blonde woman walks into a bank in NYC before going on vacation and asks for a $5,000 loan.   The banker asks, "Okay, miss, is there anything you would like to use as collateral?"   The woman says, "Yes, of course. I'll use my Rolls Royce."   The banker, stunned, asks, "A $250,000 Rolls Royce? Really?"   The woman is completely positive. She hands over the keys, as the bankers and loan officers laugh at her. They check her credentials, make sure she is the title owner. Everything checks out. They park it in their underground garage for two weeks.   When she comes back, she pays off the $5,000 loan as well as the $15.41 interest.  The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very appreciative of your business with us, but I have one question. We looked you up and found out that you are a multi-millionaire. Why would you want to borrow $5,000?"   The woman replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
A blonde finishes a puzzle . . . It could happen.
What does a blonde do when her computer freezes? She sticks it in the microwave.
A blonde newlywed is eager to surprise her new husband on his birthday... A blonde newlywed is eager to surprise her new husband on his birthday, so she decides to cook his favorite meal.  Since she her cooking talents revolve heavily around grilled cheese sandwiches and microwave meals she calls his mother for the recipe.  Full of confidence, and with specific instructions, she heads to the market to purchase everything she needs then returns home to start the preparations.   After a long day at work, the husband is looking forward to having a nice dinner and relaxing, unaware of the plans of his bride.   By the time he arrives home at their house in the country it has gotten dark, and as he pulls into the yard, he catches sight of his wife sitting on the ground outside.  As he approaches her he can tell she is upset and crying. He kneels beside her, taking her into his arms, and asks her what is wrong.  "I wanted to make that meat dish you love so much as a surprise for your birthday," she says between sobs. "I called your mom for the recipe and everything so i could get it just right!"  "Awww, hunny, I'm sure it will be just fine," he says reassuringly. "But why are you out here against the pump house, in the dark, and in tears?"  "Because, as I was making it for you, the instructions  on one of the ingredients said to 'shake well before using'. I can't even get it to wiggle!"
Told my blonde wife we need a little white dog collar for Brinn our black lab. So she says, "You're so sweet, honey." Then she looks at our dog and yells, "Come here, Brinn!"
Do you know how the blonde broke her arms? She fell out of the tree while she was raking leaves 
So a blonde woman walks into a store.... and a clerk notices her standing in the kitchenware department. He walks up to her and asks if she needs assistance. The blonde says "Yes," as she holds up an object, "what's this?" 1he clerk responds, "That's a thermos." She replies, "what does it do?"  "Well it keeps hot things hot and cold things cold." The blonde is sold and buys the thermos. The next day at work the blonde's boss walks up to her and asks her about her thermos. She says, "It's a thermos, it keeps hot things hot and cold things cold." Her boss asks her what's in it to which the blonde responds, "Some soup and a popsicle!"
...Blonde Shakespeare! *King Lear Act 4, scene 6, 106–107*  * **Gloucester:** ..."...The trick of that voice I do well remember; Is't not the King?"  * **Lear:** ..."...Ay, every inch a king!"  * **blonde:** ..."...each foot a ruler"
What's the difference between a blonde and a washing machine? You drop 2 loads in a washing machine and it doesn't follow you around for a week.
Three blondes are walking through a forest... ...when they spot tracks on the ground.   The first blonde says, "Look, those are deer tracks."  The second blonde looks at them and says, "No you're wrong, those tracks obviously belong to wolves."  The third blonde thinks for a minute and says, "You're both wrong, these are bird tracks, I'm sure."  They were still arguing when the train hit them.
What's the difference between a bowling ball and a blonde? You can't fit the blonde in the bowling ball
A blonde is going door to door trying to find some paying work She knocks on one door and an older man opens it up.  "Hey mister, do you have any odd jobs I could do for cash?"  He looks her up and down and surmises that she's an idiot whom he can take advantage of.  "I'll give you ten dollars if you paint my porch. There's paint, brushes, ladders and everything you'll need next to the car in the garage."  "Sure, sounds great!"  The man closes the door, chuckling at what a great deal he's just brokered. Half an hour later, there's another knock at the door. He opens it up and there's the blonde.  "You're finished already?" he asked her incredulously.  "Yeah! It isn't really that big! But I think you should know, that's not a porch. It's a Jaguar!"
A PLANE IS ON ITS WAY TO TORONTO , WHEN A BLONDE IN ECONOMY CLASS GETS UP AND MOVES TO THE FIRST CLASS SECTION AND SITS DOWN. THE FLIGHT ATTENDANT WATCHES HER DO THIS AND ASKS TO SEE HER TICKET.  SHE THEN TELLS THE BLONDE THAT SHE PAID FOR ECONOMY CLASS AND THAT SHE WILL HAVE TO SIT IN THE BACK.  THE BLONDE REPLIES, "I'M BLONDE, I'M BEAUTIFUL, I'M GOING TO TORONTO AND I'M STAYING RIGHT HERE."  THE FLIGHT ATTENDANT GOES INTO THE COCKPIT AND TELLS THE PILOT AND THE CO-PILOT THAT THERE IS A BLONDE BIMBO SITTING IN FIRST CLASS, THAT BELONGS IN ECONOMY AND WON'T MOVE BACK TO HER SEAT.  THE CO-PILOT GOES BACK TO THE BLONDE AND TRIES TO EXPLAIN THAT BECAUSE SHE ONLY PAID FOR ECONOMY SHE WILL HAVE TO LEAVE AND RETURN TO HER SEAT.  THE BLONDE REPLIES, "I'M BLONDE, I'M BEAUTIFUL, I'M GOING TO TORONTO AND I'M STAYING RIGHT HERE."  THE CO-PILOT TELLS THE PILOT THAT HE PROBABLY SHOULD HAVE THE POLICE WAITING WHEN THEY LAND TO ARREST THIS BLONDE WOMAN WHO WON'T LISTEN TO REASON.  THE PILOT SAYS, "YOU SAY SHE IS A BLONDE? I'LL HANDLE THIS, I'M MARRIED TO A BLONDE. I SPEAK BLONDE."  HE GOES BACK TO THE BLONDE AND WHISPERS IN HER EAR, AND SHE SAYS, "OH, I'M SORRY." AND GETS UP AND GOES BACK TO HER SEAT IN ECONOMY.  THE FLIGHT ATTENDANT AND CO-PILOT ARE AMAZED AND ASKED HIM WHAT HE SAID TO MAKE HER MOVE WITHOUT ANY FUSS.  "I TOLD HER, 'FIRST CLASS ISN'T GOING TO TORONTO." 
Did you hear about the blonde coyote caught with it's leg in a trap? It chewed off three of its legs but was still caught in the trap.
A blonde suspects her boyfriend of cheating on her, so she goes out and buys a gun. She goes to his apartment unexpectedly and when she opens the door she finds him in the arms of a redhead.  Well, the blonde is really angry. She opens her purse to take out the gun, and as she does so she is overcome with grief.  She takes the gun and puts it to her head.  The boyfriend yells, "No, honey, don't do it."  The blonde replies, "Shut up, you're next."
How do you know a blonde has used your computer? There is cheese infront of the mouse.
What do you call a spy with blonde hair? James Blonde
Why did the blonde have a sore belly button? Because there are blonde men too!
What do you do when a blond throws a pin at you? Run like hell, she has a grenade in her mouth!
A blonde goes to the doctor and says "I keep finding these Colombian postage stamps in my vagina" The doctor takes a look and says "Ma'am, those aren't postage stamps, those are stickers from bannanas"
What do you call a blond-haired, blue-eyed guy who is well-endowed? A Hung-Ariyan.
What do you call a blond woman who dyes her hair brown? Her name, you asshole.
A Blonde girl walks into a Tech store... She is walking around looking for a TV to buy. She finally decides on one that looks about right and takes it over to the counter to pay. She says: "Id like to buy this TV!" The man behind the counter replies: "sorry we don't serve Blondes here" She goes away feeling very dishevelled. She returns the next day after dying her hair black. She gets the same response of "Sorry we don't serve Blondes here." This happens for another few days with multiple other hair dyes until she finally realises she has rights and goes back to the store to ask why she want being allowed to buy her TV. The man replies: "Sorry, but that is a Microwave"
A blonde was pulled over When the cop came over to her window he said: license and registration please. She said: what is a license? Cop: it’s a card that has your picture on and says that you can drive. Blonde: ohh that thing, and pulls it out and gives it to him, cop hands it back and then asks: and the registration as well? Blonde: umm what is that? Cop: it’s a piece of paper that says that this car can be used on the roads. Blonde: ahh ok and reaches over and grabs it from the glove compartment and gives it to him, He looks at it and then hands it back. As she is putting the stuff away he starts to pull down his fly and she says: oh no not another breathalyser test
A blonde and a brunette are having a conversation Blonde: what does IDK stand for? Brunette: I don’t know Blonde: OMG nobody does!
A blonde wants to make some money So she decides to do some handyman type work and go door to door asking for work. She goes to the first house and asks the owner if she can do any work. The owner says she could paint the porch. He then asks for the price. The blonde says she will charge $50. The owner agrees and gives her some paint and brushes. The owner’s wife overheard this and asked “Do you think she’ll know the porch loops around the house?” The owner says “she was standing on it. She’ll know. The blonde then knocks on the door again and says she’s finished. The owner says “Wow, you did it that fast?” The blonde says yes. The owner reached for his wallet when the blonde says “By the way, that’s not a porch, it’s a Ferrari.”
A blonde mother calls her blonde daughter crying... Mother: You're father told me he needs a sabbatical or he'll die.   Daughter; OMG! What does that mean?  Mother: It means he's dying, dear. He needs a donor that matches his blood type and the only person I know is you.   Daughter: But women don't have sabbaticals!  Mom: It's okay. Soon he'll be in a better place. 
An aircraft flying with a blonde co-pilot An aircraft is flying with a blonde co-pilot.   The pilot has a heart attack and dies. She frantically calls out a May Day.  "May Day! May Day! Help Me! Help Me! My pilot had a heart attack and is dead and I don't know how to fly. Help Me! Please Help Me!"  She hears a voice over the radio saying:  "This is Air Traffic Control and I have you loud and clear. I will talk you through this and get you back on the ground. I've had a lot of experience with this kind of problem. Just take a deep breath. Everything will be fine! Now give me your height and position!"  "I'm 5'4 and in the front seat of the plane."  "O.K." says the voice on the radio....   "Repeat after me: Our father who art in heaven........"
If you wanna confuse a blonde... If you ever want to confuse a blonde, have her skip one episode of a TV show, convince her she's watched it, then make references she wont get to that episode.  Boy did I have fun with this season of House Hunters.
A blonde girls friend recently died of a heart attack in her apartment. She tried to dial 9-1-1, but she couldn't find the 11 button...
What do you get if you put a blonde upside down? A brunette with bad breath
A blonde A blonde goes to a bar and orders a beer. The bartender fills the mug and slides it down the bar.  It hits the blonde woman’s breasts and splashes all over them.  The bartender goes over, retrieves the mug and licks the beer off her breasts.  Each time the blonde calls for another beer this happens.  So, after the third beer, a guy decides to help the bartender out.  The next time the bartender hit her breasts, the man jumps up and starts to lick. She decks him!  He is lying on the floor moaning, “Jeez, lady… Why do you let the bartender do it and not me?”  “Helloooo!” says the blonde. “Bert has a licker license
Blonde gets caught speeding. The cop is also a blonde.   Cop: “Let me see your driver’s license.”    Driver: “What’s that?”    Cop: “A square thing with your picture on it.”    Blonde fumbles through her purse, finds a mirror, sees herself in it, and hands it to the  cop.   Cop looks at it, hands it back and says,  “I’m gonna let you go without a ticket. I didn’t know you were a cop.”  (Edit: Glad you liked an old classic)
A redhead, a brunette, and a blonde are walking in the desert... A redhead, a brunette, and a blonde are walking in the desert after a plane crash. To lighten the mood the brunette suggests a game of 'make a wish'. The redhead goes first and wishes for a never ending glass of water so that they'll never get thirsty on their journey. The brunette goes next and says she'd wish for a never ending bowl of salad so they'd all have something to eat. The blonde, impressed by the other two wishes, had to take some time to think of her wish before she told the others that she'd wish for a car door.   'Why a car door?', asked the brunette.   'Well,' the blonde answered, 'so when we get hot, we can put the window down and cool off.'
Blonde Joke A blonde heard that baths in milk would make her beautiful. She left a note for her milkman to leave 25 gallons of milk.  When the milkman read the note, he felt there must be a mistake. He thought she probably meant 2.5 gallons.  So he knocked on the door to clarify the point.  The blonde came to the door and the milkman said, "I found your note asking me to leave 25 gallons of milk.  Did you mean 2.5 gallons?"  The blonde said, "No, I want 25 gallons. I'm going to fill my bathtub up with milk and take a milk bath so I can look young and beautiful again."  The milkman asked, "Do you want it pasteurized?"  Wait for it  The blonde said, "No, just up to my tits ... I can splash it on my eyes if I need to!"
A priest, a blonde and a lawyer walk into a bar. The bartender says "what is this, a joke?"
A hot blonde leaves her drink unattended at a bar. ... (I'm hoping y'all can come up with a good punchline for this one. Since, you know, the real joke is always...)
Two blonde girl goes to a bar. The bartender asks: 'Are you sisters?'  The two blonde says: 'No, we aren't even catholics.'
A blonde and a brunette are watching 10 o'clock news... A man is standing on the roof of his apartment building, threatening to jump. The brunette turns to the blonde and says "I'll bet you $50 he jumps!" The blonde agrees, and the two continue watching until finally, the man jumps to his death.  The blonde pulls out her wallet and goes to hand the brunette the money, but the brunette refuses. "I have to be honest, I saw this on the 5 o'clock news so I knew he was going to jump." The blonde replies "I saw it too, I just didn't think he'd jump again!"
Why did the blond girl became the Invisible Woman? Because she has to be dense enough for light to bend around her 
A blonde walks into a store... And asks if they sell curtains for her computer. The manager asks, "Why do you need curtains for a computer?" The blonde replied, "Because my computer has Windows."
A blonde, a nun, a Croat and a Slovenian are travelling in the same train. They enter the tunnel and it gets dark in the whole train. Suddenly, everyone hears a loud slap. When the train exited the tunnel, it got brighter and everyone saw that the Slovenian's face turned red. Nun thinks: "This pervert must've touched the blonde so he got what he deserved." Blonde thinks: "This jerk has probably wanted to touch me, but he accidentally touched the nun so he got what he deserved." Slovenian thinks: "This Croat must have touched the blonde and she slapped me instead of him." Croat thinks: "I can't wait for another tunnel to slap him again."                EDIT: This is the original form of the joke so I left it that way. Sorry if my English was incorrect in some parts. :D
Why can't a blonde dial 911? She can't find the eleven
There was a blonde who just got sick and tired of all the blonde jokes. One evening, she went home and memorized all the state capitals. Back in the office the next day, some guy started telling a dumb blonde joke. She interrupted him with a shrill announcement, "I've had it up to here with these blonde jokes. I want you to know that this blonde went home last night and did something probably none of you could do. I memorized all the state capitals." One of the guys, of course, said, "I don't believe you. What is the capital of Nevada?"   "N," she answered.
A blonde a bruenet and a red head are stranded on island They are 50 miles off shore so the red head gets 10 miles and drowns then the bruenet tries to swim it and gets 20 miles and drowns and then the blonde goes and gets 25 before she got tired and turned back
Blonde accident A blonde while driving accidentally crashes into another man's car. The driver of the other vehicle is furious and gets out and draws a circle and tells the blonde to stand inside it while he begins to smash her vehicle. During this she giggles and the man turns and looks at her. She stops giggling so the man continues to smash the vehicle but then she giggles yet again. The man becoming frustrated turns and asks her 'What's so funny?' To which she says, 'Well, while you were smashing up my car I was putting one foot outside of the circle.
Why did the blonde put her laptop in the microwave? Because Windows froze on startup.
A blonde dropped her shirt in at the cleaners... "come again" the shop assistant said as the lady left... "No just toothpaste", she replied.
A blond woman goes to the hospital...  "What seems to be the problem?" asked the Doctor. "Something is terribly wrong, I keep finding postage stamps from Costa Rica in my vagina."  The Doctor had a look, chuckled and said "Those aren't postage stamps my dear, they're the stickers off the bananas"
A guy took his blonde girlfriend to her first football game. They had great seats right behind their team's bench. After the game, he asked her how she liked the experience. "Oh, I really liked it," she replied, "especially the tight pants and all the big muscles, but I just couldn't understand why they were killing each other over 25 cents." Dumbfounded, her date asked, "What do you mean?"  "Well, they flipped a coin, one team got it, and then for the rest of the game, all they kept screaming was, 'Get the quarterback! Get the quarterback!' I'm like, hello? It's only 25 cents!"
I pirated a copy of "Legally Blonde" today. It was Illegally Blonde.
How do you confuse a blonde? Paint yourself green and throw forks at her while reciting the alphabet backwards
A blonde and her Mercedes Benz She lives in New York and is going to Europe for a couple months with her girlfriends. She tells her banker that she needs a small loan of $1000 for travel expenses. Her bank told her she first needs a collateral to complete the loan. She then offers her car as the collateral even though they though she was crazy for offering something so expensive. So she parks it in the bank's garage and found a taxi to the airport.   Once she returns back to New York her banker asks her "why use something so valuable as a collateral?" She remarks "where else can I get 3 months of parking for only $1000?"
Did you hear about the blonde who died ice fishing? She got run over by the Zamboni. 
Did you hear about the two blonde skeletons they found in the drive-in theater? They went to see “Closed for the Winter.”
[blonde] Two girls were speeding down the highway at well over a 100 miles per hour.  "Hey," asked the brunette at the wheel, "see any cops following us?"  The blonde turned around for a long look. "As a matter of fact, I do."  "Oh, NOOOO!" yelled the brunette. "Are his flashers on?"  The blonde turned around again. "Yes... no... yes... no...yes..."  
A brunette and a blonde visit a motel Before they go in, brunette warns her friend "Don't fill in your own address. Pick some European country. They won't know the difference.".  In the form brunette states her country of origin as "Hungary" while the blonde, trying to remain inconspicuous, writes "Thirsty".
Blonde joke #3 A blonde and a redhead have a ranch. They have just lost their bull. The women need to buy another, but only have $500. The redhead tells the blonde, "I will go to the market and see if I can find one for under that amount. If I can, I will send you a telegram." She goes to the market and finds one for $499. Having only one dollar left, she goes to the telegraph office and finds out that it costs one dollar per word. She is stumped on how to tell the blonde to bring the truck and trailer. Finally, she tells the telegraph operator to send the word "comfortable." Skeptical, the operator asks, "How will she know to come with the trailer from just that word?" The redhead replies, "She's a blonde so she reads slow: 'Come for ta bull.'"
Why did the blonde hooker show up with part of a tree? Because the guy said he had a stump fetish.
If blonde indicating left turn before intersection it does not mean she will turn right. She most likely will go stright.
What do an airplane and a fake blonde girl have in common? They both have a black box.  
Why was the blonde stuck in the shower? "Lather. Rinse. Repeat."
A blonde is rowing a boat through a wheat field. A blonde cop sees her and stops.  She asks what the blonde is doing?    The blonde in the boat responds by saying she is trying to get to the other side.  The blonde cop tells her that it's blondes like her that give them a bad name and if she could swim she would go over there and kick her ass.  
What do you call a blonde with half a brain? Gifted
A blonde, a brunette, and a ginger all walk into a bar... The brunette says "I'd like a beer please" The ginger says "can I have a glass of wine?" The blonde says "Ow!"
A redhead, a brunette, and a blonde are in car that is driving on a remote desert road. All of a sudden, an armadillo runs into the road and the car swerves to avoid hitting it. Unfortunately, the car was going very fast, so it flips upside down and lights on fire.   The three women in the car only have enough time to grab one type of item before escaping. The redhead grabs a bunch of bottles of water. The brunette grabs a bunch of food. The blonde grabs the car door.   The women spend days in the desert before they finally reach a small town. The townsfolk help the women, giving them shelter and food. A journalist from the town then interviews them to hear their story. After hearing their story, the journalist asks the redhead, “Why did you decide to grab water?”  The redhead replies, “So that if we get thirsty in the desert, we’d have something to drink.”  The journalist asks the brunette, “Why did you decide to grab food?”  The brunette replies, “So that if we get hungry in the desert, we’d have something to eat.”  The journalist then asks the blonde, “Why the fuck did you grab the car door?”   The blonde then replies, “So that if we get hot in the desert, we could roll the window down.”
A year ago I was a blonde teenage girl who has found two boyfriends... One of em is a Doctor, He gives me a rose every day and says “You are gorgeous like this flower.” Other one is an Engineer, He gives me an apple and says “An apple a day keeps the doctor away.” Tomorrow I’m going to marry the doctor. I’m sick of 350+ Siris answering for my command.
Did you hear about the Blonde who tried to commit suicide in her garage by leaving her car on? She owned a Tesla
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead walk into a bar Bartender looks at them and says : Is this a joke ?
A blonde colors her hair red and moves countryside She meets a farmer and challenges him: "If I can guess your profession, I get your dog for free." The farmer agrees. The blonde declares that he is a farmer, and wins the bet.  As she's stuffing the animal into the trunk of her Fiat, the farmer says: "if I can guess your real hair color, can I get my pig back?"
A blonde walks into a thrift store And says to the clerk, "I'd like to buy that tv right there." The clerk says "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes." The blonde grunts, and then walks out. She comes back a week later with a red wig on and says "I'd like to buy that tv right there." The clerk says once again, "Sorry, but we don't sell to blondes." The blonde, frustrated, walks out of the store. Another week goes by and the blonde walks back into the store but this time with a brunette wig on, and says "I'd like to buy that tv." The clerk, for the third time says "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes." She says "I don't get it! How do you know I'm blonde with this wig on?" The clerk says "because that's not a tv, it's a microwave."
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette were all lost in the desert. They found a lamp and rubbed it. A genie popped out  A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette were all lost in the desert. They found a lamp and rubbed it. A genie popped out and granted them each one wish. The redhead wished to be back home. Poof! She was back home. The brunette wished to be at home with her family. Poof! She was back home with her family. The blonde said, "Awwww, I wish my friends were here." 
I said to a blonde girl I bet you a blowjob I can sing a song with your name in it, no way says the blonde my name is Chantelle so I bet you, Ok I said here we go.... Happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday Chantelle happy blow job for me... 
...Blonde dog! ...Blonde lying in bed with her husband listening to next door neighbours' dog barking for hours and hours every night!  * **blonde:** "I've had enough of this," ....the blonde runs downstairs, finally returns back to bed.   * **husband:**  "The dog is still barking. What have you done?"  * **blonde:** "I've put their dog in our yard, now we'll see how they like it!" 
How do you kill a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool!
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead walk into a bathroom. Much to their surprise, the mirror greets them, saying,  "I am a magic mirror. Each one of you can tell me one way you think you are better than each of the other ladies. If you are right I will give you a reward beyond anything you could imagine. If you are wrong, I will suck you into the mirror. Proceed at your own risk."  The redhead steps up to the mirror first, looking long and hard at the other two ladies before saying,  "I think I am the prettiest of the three ladies."  The mirror is silent for a second before responding,   "Very good. You are correct. Your new private helicopter is waiting outside for you to take you to your $60 million mansion on your new private island."  The brunette and the blonde look a little hurt that they are not the prettiest ladies there, but they congratulate the redhead on her new riches, and she waits to see if the other two ladies follow in her success.  The brunette steps up to the mirror next and, after some careful thought, says,  "I think I am the smartest of the three ladies."  The mirror is again silent for a second before responding,  "Very good. You are correct. Here is a one of a kind credit card. It has no limit, and you can buy anything you want. There is also a group of three men and three ladies waiting outside the bathroom for you to be your personal assistants. They will do anything you ask of them."  Again, the redhead and the blonde look a little hurt that they are not as smart as the brunette, but they congratulate her on her success.  Finally the blonde steps up to the mirror. The other two ladies hold their breath, wondering what reward the mirror could possibly give her. After a moment of silence, the blonde finally speaks.  She says, "I think..."  And the mirror sucks her in.
A blonde, a Brunette and a Red Head were stranded on an island.... The island was 50 miles from the mainland and the girls all thought they might be able to swim back, so they all jumped into the ocean.   After about 10 miles, the Brunette said, "I'm not gonna make it!" And she drowned.  After about 25 miles, the Red Head said, "I'm not gonna make it!" And she drowned.  The blonde kept going, determined to survive. She made it 49 miles. She could see the shore and people on the beach, but was extremely exhausted.   Then she said, "I'm not gonna make it!" So she swam all the way back.
A blonde was getting pretty desperate for money. She decided to go to the nicer, richer neighborhoods around town and look for odd jobs as a handy woman.   The first house she came to, a man answered the door and told Julie "Yeah, I have a job for you. How would you like to paint the porch?"   "Sure that sounds great!" said Julie.   "Well, how much do you want me to pay you?" asked the man.   "Is fifty bucks all right?" she asked.   "Yeah, great. You'll find the paint and ladders you'll need in the garage."   The man went back into his house to his wife who had been listening. "Fifty bucks! Does she know the porch goes all the way around the house?" asked the wife. "Well, she must, she was standing right on it!" her husband replied.   About 45 minutes later, Julie knocked on the door.   "I'm all finished," she told the surprised homeowner.   The man was amazed. "You painted the whole porch?"   "Yeah," Julie replied, "I even had some paint left, so I put on two coats!"   The man reached into his wallet to pay her.   "Oh, and by the way," said Julie, "That's not a Porch, it's a Ferrari."
A blonde woman files for devorce Against her cheating husband affiliated with the mob. She found out he was sleeping with the fishes. 
A blonde was driving faster than the speed limit in her new red car. A blonde was driving faster than the speed limit in her new red car. A police officer, who was also a blonde, asked for the blondes license.   The blonde searches through her purse and gets more frustrated when she finally asks the officer "what does it look like?"   The officer says "it's a rectangle and it has your face on it".  Finally, the blonde takes out a small mirror and says "here you go". The officer looks at it and says "you can go, I didn't realise you were a cop".
Why do blond girls like odd numbers? Because they can’t even
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and an old lady are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness.   On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.  The old lady thinks, “I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.”  The blonde thinks, “I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the old lady for me and she slapped him.”  The Frenchman thinks, “I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.”  The Englishman thinks, “I can’t wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.”  
How do you kill a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool
A blonde walks into a small store and picks an item to buy. [Long] A blonde walks into a small store and picks an item to she wants to buy. She goes to the only cashier (who is also the manager of the place) and tells him:  "How much is this hair dryer?"  The cashier replies: "This is not for sale".  The blonde returns the item and leaves. Next day she comes back, picks up the same item (which she really wants) and goes to the same only cashier.  Blonde girl: "How much is this hair dryer?"  The cashier replies : "You are the same girl as yesterday, this is not for sale"  Blonde girl leaves huffing and puffing. She insists that she gets that item, so she buys a wig, dyes her hair red, puts on makeup, and comes to the same shop in a week. The girl finds the item, and while in complete disguise, approaches the cashier and asks:  "How much is this hair dryer?"  The Cashier replies: "You are the same girl from last week, this is not for sale".  The blonde girl finally explodes in anger and shouts at the cashier: " How did you know it was me?"  The cashier replies : "Well, that is easy. This is not a hair dryer, It is a power drill! "
What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you? RUN!  SHE'S HOLDING A GRENADE!
What is a blond joke, but sucks? Paris Hilton.
A psychopath teaches a blonde how to play Russian Roulette He tells her you take the gun, put one bullet in, rotate it around a bunch and then load it in and fire at your own head, taking turns until someone ends up dying. Understandably she's a bit hesitant to play at first, so he entices her by offering her $10 million to play at least 1 turn, but she has to go first. She's dead broke and can't really pass up an offer like that, plus she's feeling extremely lucky!  So she takes the gun, puts one bullet in, rotates it around bunch, loads the clip and fires.
A blonde visits the library. She walks over to the far corner, where one of the librarians is reading to a group of kids. Beside them is a sign that says "Take a seat!" So the blonde picks one of the seats up and leaves.
3 girls, a blonde, a brunette, and a redhead die and go to heaven, but God awaits them with a challenge They must hear 100 jokes before they get to heaven, if they laugh, they go to hell. The brunette laughs at the 6th joke and goes to hell. The redhead laughs at the 58th joke and goes to hell. The blonde makes it all the way to the 98th joke before laughing, God, puzzled, asks why she laughed when she was so close to heaven. The blonde replies with, "I finally understood the 1st joke!"
Blond Goldfish?     A blonde had some goldfish and she did not know how to feed them. So she called her brunette friend, and she showed her how. Once they were done feeding them, the blonde said, ''Now, what do I give them to drink?''   
Blonde joke A blonde goes to the doctor. She uses her right index finger, says it hurts when I touch my leg, my collar bone and my arm. "What's wrong?" She says.   "Your finger is broken." 
An Asian and a Blonde preparing for thr Spelling Bee. Asian: we need to prepare for the event tomorrow,ill ask you 3 consecutive words to spell and its your turn again.  Blonde: Ready!  Asian: "Constitution"  Blonde: C-O-N-S-T-I-T-U-T-I-O-N!  Asian: great!ok try this "Horrendous".  Blonde: H-O-R-R-E-N-D-U-S.  Asian: Wrong!  Blonde: W-R-O-N-G!  Asian: Wrong!  Blonde: R-O-N-G!?  
Blonde Logic Three blondes were all applying for the last available position on the Highway Patrol. The detective conducting the interview looked at the three of them and said, "So y'all wanna be cops, huh?" The blondes all nodded. The detective got up, opened a file drawer, and pulled out a folder. Sitting back down, he opened it, pulled out a picture, and said, "To be a detective, you have to be able to detect.   You must be able to notice things such as distinguishing features and oddities like scars and so forth." So he stuck the photo in the face of the first blonde and withdrew it after about two seconds. "Now," he said, "did you notice any distinguishing features about this man?" The blonde immediately said, "Yes, I did. He has only one eye!" The detective shook his head and said, "Of course he has only one eye in this picture! It's a side profile of his face! You're dismissed!" The first blonde hung her head and walked out of the office. The detective then turned to the second blonde, stuck the photo in her face for two seconds, pulled it back, and said, "What about you ?  Notice anything unusual or outstanding about this man?" "Yes! He only has one ear!" The detective put his head in his hands and exclaimed, Didn't you hear what I just told the last applicant? This is side picture profile of the man's face! Of course you can only see one ear! You're excused too!" The second blonde sheepishly walked out of the office. The detective turned his attention to the third and last blonde and said, "This is probably a waste of time, but....." He flashed the photo for a couple of seconds and withdrew it, saying, "All right, did you notice anything distinguishing  or unusual features about this man?" The blonde said, "I sure did... This man wears contact lenses." The detective frowned, took another look at the picture, and began looking at some of the papers in the folder. He looked up at the blonde with a puzzled expression and said, "You're absolutely right! His bio says he wears contacts! How in the world could you tell that by looking at his picture?" The blonde rolled her eyes and said, "Well, Hellooooooooo!  With only one eye and one ear, he certainly can’t wear glasses. 
Why did my blond friend got fired from the ''M&amp;M'' factory? Because she threw away every candies labeled ''W''
What's the advantage of having a blonde with you in a car? You can park in a handicap spot.
Why was the blonde afraid to have phone sex? A: Because the condom wouldn't fit over the phone.
A blonde walk into the dry clean She put her dress on the counter and asked for it to be cleaned. The guy behind the counter said as she was leaving "come again" she turned around and replied "no, it's toothpaste this time"
A Blonde was down on her luck In order to raise some money, she decided to kidnap a kid and hold him for ransom.   She went to the playground, grabbed a kid, took him behind a tree, and told him, "I've kidnapped you." She then wrote a note saying, "I've kidnapped your kid. Tomorrow morning, put $10,000 in a paper bag and put it under the pecan tree next to the slide on the north side of the playground. Signed, Blonde."   The Blonde then taped the note to the kid`s shirt and sent him home to show it to his parents.   The next morning the blonde checked, and sure enough, a paper bag was sitting beneath the pecan tree.   The blonde opened the bag and found the $10,000 with a note that said,    "How could you do this to a fellow Blonde?"
A blonde is overweight, so her doctor puts her on a diet. “I want you to eat regularly for two days, then skip a day, and repeat the procedure for two weeks. The next time I see you, you’ll have lost at least five pounds.”   When the blonde returns, she’s lost nearly 20 pounds.   “Wow, that’s amazing!” the doctor says.   “Did you follow my instructions?”   The blonde nods…   “I’ll tell you, though, I thought I was going to drop dead that third day."   “From hunger, you mean?” said the doctor.   “No, from skipping,” replied the blonde.
A blonde, a brunette, and a red head Are all sitting in the waiting area of the ob/gyn. The brunette says, "I heard if he's on top you're going to have a boy." The red head says, "well I heard if she's on top you're going to have a girl."   The blonde bursts into tears. The other two rush to her asking what's wrong.  Through tears and sobs she says, "I'm going to have puppies". 
A Blonde Buys Two Horses A blonde bought two horses and could never remember which was which.  A neighbor suggested that she cut off the tail of one horse, which worked great until the other horse got his tail caught in a bush. The second horse’s tail tore in the same place, and the blonde was no longer able to tell the two horses apart.  She returned to her neighbor, who then suggested that she notch the ear of one horse, which worked fine until the other horse caught his ear on a barbed wire fence.  Once again, the blonde couldn’t tell the two horses apart and went back to her neighbor for advice. The neighbor suggested that she measure the horses for height.  When she did that, the blonde was very pleased to find that the white horse was 2 inches taller than the black one.
A guy and his blonde girlfriend talking.. Guy: ok, I've changed my mind.. Girl: oh! is the new one working properly?
Ever hear of the blonde that learned to read? Yeah, me neither
A blonde is cold. Blonde: I'm really cold. Me: Really? Blonde: Yes, but I heard I should stand in a corner when I'm cold. Me: And how does that work? Blonde: A corner is 90 degrees.
A blonde walks into a library... ...marches right up to the desk and proclaims loudly " I would like to order a burger and fries!" The librarian is shocked and states, "Ma'am, this is a library". "Ohh", replies the blond and then whispered " I would like to order a burger and fries".
A redhead, a brunette, and a blonde are adventuring in the jungles of the rainforest Upon entering a clearing they are suddenly ambushed by a remote cannabalistic tribe. They are bound, gagged, and marched into the village.   They old tribe shaman emerges from his hut and approaches them slowly. He squares up to the brunette, cuts her bound wrists and says with broken English "we kill you, we skin you, we eat you, we use skin for canoe. Last request?" The brunette says "can I have a spear?" The shaman nods and grabs a spear from a nearby guard. The brunette thrusts the spear into a guard and darts off into the forest.   The shaman shrugs and proceeds to the redhead and she is addressed the same way. The red head politely requests a knife. The shaman nods and a guard hands her a knife. She promptly stabs the guard and bolts off into the forest.  The shaman then creeps over to the blonde, cuts her ties and looks menacingly into her eyes. The shaman again says "we kill you, we skin you, we eat you, we use skin for canoe. Last request?" The blonde pauses and takes a moment to think. Then suddenly with a glint in her eye she says "may I have a fork?" The shaman nods and a fork is retrieved from a hut and handed over. The blonde then starts stabbing her chest repeatedly and screams "FUCK YOUR CANOE!!!"
What's the difference between a blonde and a computer? You only have to punch the information into a computer once.  What's the similarity between a blonde and a computer?  You don't know how much either of them mean to you until they go down on you.
Two blonde sisters at the river. Two blonde sisters standing on both sides of a river. Asks the first one:"How do i get to the other side?" Her sister answers:"You are already there".
A professor told his class "Fame will come to you only after you succeed". A blonde girl asks Who is seed? 
A blonde, a Brunette, and a Red-Head were stranded on an island... They were walking along the beach when they discovered a magical lamp. They rubbed it and a Genie popped out, telling them he would grant each of them one wish.  The Red-Head said, "I wish I was back home with my family." POOF! The Genie sent her home.  The Brunette said, "I wish I was back home with my dogs." POOF! The Genie sent her home.  The Blonde said, "I'm lonely. I wish I could be with my friends." POOF! The Genie brought the other two girls back. 
Did you hear about the Chinese couple that had a child with blonde hair and blue eyes? I guess two Wongs really do make a white.
I hate telling blonde jokes. They never get them.
Why did the blonde starve to death? She thought the refrigerator was voice activaded.
why did the blonde drove to plumber's house at midnight because her water broke 
A blonde rear-ended a sports car... A blonde was driving and accidentally rear-ended a sports car. It wasn't much damage but it was enough to give the sports car a dent and scratched paint.  A large man got out of the sports car and was red with rage. He yelled at the blonde to get out of her car. She did, and the man drew a circle on the ground nearby.  "Stand inside this circle and don't take a step outside of it."  The blonde stood in the circle as instructed. The man turned back to the blonde's car and picked up a rock and smashed her mirror off the side.   He looked back at the blonde and saw her smiling. This made him even more angry and he used the rock to break all her windows.  He looked back at the blonde and she was now giggling.   The man lost his temper and got a gasoline can and poured it all over the blonde's car, and then ignited the gasoline making her car erupt in flames.  By now the blonde is laughing hard.  The man yells at her, "I just destroyed your car! Why are you laughing?!"  The blonde replies, "Every time you turned around I stepped outside the circle."
How do you know that Mercy is a true blonde? Because heroes never dye.
What do you call a blonde with brains? A golden retriever 
Blonde walks into a doctors office and says: "Doctor, what’s the problem with me?  When I touch my arm, ouch! It hurts...  When I touch my leg, ouch! it hurts...  When I touch my head, ouch! It hurts...  When I touch my chest, ouch! it really hurts!" The Doctor replies: "Your finger is broken."
Blonde Painter One day, a blonde decided to end all of the notions that blondes are dumb and can't do anything right, so she decided to get a job as a painter and prove them wrong. She went house to house asking for a job, and most rejected due to that she was blonde.  She then came upon an old man, and he said, "I'll pay you $20 to paint my small porch, and if you come back in less than 3 hours I'll pay you double and get you a job to paint my whole house."  The old man went inside and sat in his lazy chair to take a nap, and as soon as he started dozing off he heard the doorbell. *She must be a damn good painter* he thought, and went to get the door, and there she was.  "I did the job, double coat and everything!" She said excitedly.  "How did you do it that fast?" The old man said, stunned.  "Well it's relatively small, and it's not a Porsche you big dummy, it's a Ferrari!"
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are running from the cops... They duck into an abandoned warehouse, each find a an empty sack, and climb into it.   Cops follow and poke the bag with the brunette. The brunette goes “woof!” The policeman says, “Oh, it’s just a bag of dogs,” and walks on.   They poke the bag with the redhead. The redhead goes “meow!” The policeman says, “Oh, it’s just a bag of cats,” and walks on.   They poke the bag with the blonde and the blonde goes “Potato. Potato.”
Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch... Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble. In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull from the stockyard in a far town so that they can breed their own stock.  They only have $600 left. Upon leaving, the brunette tells her sister, 'When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home.'  The brunette arrives at the stockyard, inspects the bull, and decides she wants to buy it. The man tells her that he will sell it for $599, no less. After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news. She walks into the telegraph office and says, 'I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pickup truck and drive out here so we can haul it home.'  The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, 'It's just 99 cents a word.' Well, after paying for the bull, the brunette only has $1 left. She realizes that she'll only be able to send her sister one word.  After a few minutes of thinking, she nods and says, 'I want you to send her the word 'comfortable.'   The operator shakes his head. 'How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pickup truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her just the word 'comfortable?'   The brunette replies, “My sister’s blonde, she’s a slow reader.” 
Smart Blond Joke A very wealthy blond woman enters a bank in Manhattan and requests to take out a small loan, which she intends to pay off in two weeks.   She foregoes some of the paperwork for financials, instead offering her brand new Bentley as collateral.    The bank manager approves the loan, takes possession of the car and in two weeks, the blond returns, pays the very small loan off which incurred almost no interest.   He’s perplexed and also had learned that she had accounts with the bank with a small fortune so he asked why she took out the loan.    She replied “well I went on vacation and needed a safe, free place to park the Bentley for two weeks.  Where else in NYC can you do that?” 
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are stuck on an island. One day, the three of them are walking along the beach and discover a magic lamp.   They rub and rub, and sure enough, out pops a genie.   The genie says, "Since I can only grant three wishes, you may each have one."   The brunette says, "I've been stuck here for years. I miss my family, my husband, and my life.   I just want to go home." POOF!   The brunette gets her wish and she is returned to her family.  Then, the red head says, "I've been stuck here for years as well. I miss my family, my husband, and my life.   I wish I could go home too." POOF!   The redhead gets her wish and she is returned to her family.   The blonde starts crying uncontrollably.   The genie asks, "My dear, what's the matter?"   The blonde whimpers, "I wish my friends were still here."
Blonde in a field. A blonde woman is driving down a road when she sees another blonde in the middle of a field and she appears to be swimming. Angry at the site, the blonde driver slams on the brakes, hops out of the car and screams "YOU KNOW, IT IS BLONDES LIKE YOU THAT GIVE BLONDES LIKE ME A BAD NAME!!" The blonde in the field replies "Yeah, well why don't you come out here and do something about it?" The blonde driver replies "I WOULD BUT I CAN'T SWIM!"
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead walk into a bar to get shots.. "Vodka" says the redhead. "Whiskey" says the brunette. "And which would you like?" The bartender asks the blonde. "Nothing, thankyou. I don't want my child to get autism."
A blonde was sick and tired of people making fun A blonde was sick and tired of people making fun of her for being a blonde, so she decided to hang herself. A couple minutes later two men walk by and see her hanging by her wrists. "What are you doing." they ask her. So she replies "Hanging myself." The men are confused and asked "If you are hanging youself, you put the rope around your neck." The blond says "Duh....I tried that, I couldn't breath."
A blonde kidnapping A blonde was down on her luck. In order to raise some money, she decided to kidnap a kid and hold him for ransom.  She went to the playground, grabbed a kid, took him behind a tree, and told him, "I've kidnapped you."  She then wrote a note saying, "I've kidnapped your kid. Tomorrow morning, put $10,000 in a paper bag and put it under the pecan tree next to the slide on the North side of the playground.  Signed,  A Blonde."  The Blonde then pinned the note to the kid's shirt and sent him home to show it to his parents. The next morning the blonde checked, and sure enough, a paper bag was sitting beneath the pecan tree.  The Blonde opened the bag and found the $10,000 with a note that said, "How could you do this to a fellow Blonde?"
Blonde squeals!   A blonde is stopped by police for speeding, the cop approaches on foot and motions her to wind the window down.   The cop then pulls down his zipper!   The blonde then squeals "*Oh no, not another breathalyser test*"!
One day a dude travelling in a bus notices that a blond lady is peeking into his phone. The dude texts his friend "man, a blond lady is peeking into my phone I don't know what to do." The blond lady instantly says "oh excuse me! Who the hell do you think you are? I am not peeking into your stupid phone!"
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are stranded in the desert. Their car broke down so they all agree to grab something from the car to help them survive. The Brunette shuffles around and grabs food. The Redhead rummages through the trunk and pulls out water. They are talking saying that it’s to prevent them from starving or becoming dehydrated while they wait for the blonde to get something useful.  When the blond comes over looking exhausted she asks for a hand to get what she is after so they walk over only to see that the car door is off it’s hinges.   She says “I can’t carry this myself!”  The other two ask “What makes the car door so useful?”  The blonde replies “I thought if we got hot, I could roll the window down.”
A blonde was determined to prove people wrong So she speaks to her husband about this after reading dozens of blond jokes.  “I’m fed up with this, I’ve never done something so stupid! I can do something to prove everyone wrong about blondes and what a better opportunity since we just moved into this house.”  Husband replies with a chuckle: “And just what are you going to do to accomplish this great feat?”  Blonde: “Well, I’m going to paint the walls in the house. I know for certain I can do this.”  So they head out to buy the paint and she speaks to the teller about everything and gets the brushes, canvass floor coverings, clothe protectors the works. She doesn’t miss a beat.  When they return home the husband says “I’ve got a gathering with the boys for poker night, are you certain you want to do this yourself?”  She of course replies with a yes and proceeds to read the paint can for instructions.  Husband returns home at night and calls to his wife. Remarkably the walls are painted beautifully, no mistake, no spills but he can’t find his wife she just wont respond. He rushes upstairs looking for her and finally finds her in a room passed out and beet red.  He rushes over to her and realizes she has a couple of thick coats on. Confused because it’s the middle of summer so hurriedly, he takes them off and cools her down as quickly as possible and soon she comes too.  He asks: “Honey, why on earth were you wearing two coats? It’s the middle of summer!”  Reaching for the paint can as she grabs it she responds while pointing to the fine print on the back of the label.  “Because it says right here. For best results, use two coats.”
A blonde got fed up with all the Blonde jokes...... So she cut her hair short and dyed it black. Bought a snazzy convertible and went driving through the countryside. On a back country road, she drove up to a large flock of sheep that were slowly crossing the road. As she sat there watching the flock she saw the farmer standing there. She said “Hey I’ll bet you, if I can guess how many sheep you have in this flock, how about you give me one? “Ok” he said, “give it a try.” She stood in the seat and surveyed the flock and said “You have 347 sheep!” The farmer was amazed as he had exactly 347 sheep. He told her to pick her one out, and picked a really cute one. As she was putting it into her car. The farmer said “Wait a minute, how about if I can guess what color your hair really is you give me my dog back?”
Why can't a blonde say 70? Becouse her mouth is full of 69
A blonde finds herself in serious money trouble... Lost her job and she's in dire financial straits.  She's desperate so she decides to ask God for help. She begins to pray... "God, please help me. I've lost my job and if I don't get some money, I'm going to lose my house as well. Please let me win the lottery."  Lottery night comes, and somebody else wins.  She again prays... "God, please let me win the lottery! I've lost my job, my house and I'm going to lose my car as well."  Lottery night comes and she still has no luck.  Once again, she prays... "My God, why have you forsaken me? I've lost my job, my house, and my car. My children are starving. I don't often ask You for help, and I've always been a good servant to You. PLEASE let me win the lottery just this one time so I can get my life back in order."  Suddenly there is a blinding flash of light as the heavens open.  The blonde is overwhelmed by the Voice of God, Himself...."Sweetheart, work with Me on this.... Buy a ticket."
A blonde does an IQ test Her friend asks her how it went. " Don't worry, it came out negative"-she replies
How do you drown a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a pool
A blonde got tired of blonde jokes One evening, she went home and memorized all the state capitals.   Back in the office the next day, some guy started telling a dumb blonde joke. She interrupted him with a shrill announcement, "I've had it up to here with these blonde jokes. I want you to know that this blonde went home last night and did something probably none of you could do. I memorized all the state capitals."   One of the guys, of course, said, "I don't believe you. What is the capital of Nevada?"   "N," she answered.
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette... ...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.  The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.'  The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.'  The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.'  The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.'
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? What do you call a blonde with two brain cells?  ...Pregnant
What do you call a blonde with a headache? Phantom Pain. 
A blonde walks into a Walmart The blonde goes up to a store clerk and asks if she can buy the TV The clerk says no  She comes back the next day with brown hair and asks the clerk if she could buy this TV.  Once again the clerk said no She comes back the next day with red hair and asks the clerk if she could buy this TV. And again the clerk said no She comes back the final day and asks the clerk why he wouldn’t let her buy this TV.   Finally the clerk says, “Ma’am that’s a microwave”
A blonde teen goes to the doctor complaining of chest pain Doctor : I guess I need see an x Ray to determine any damage to ribs   Blonde : Promise to delete after seeing 
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever.
A blonde, a brunette, and a black-haired girl are walking down their high school hallway when they come across a genie's lamp. The black-haired girl rubs it, and a genie comes out. He tells them that he'll give each of them three wishes if they say something true about themselves. If not, they'll go "poof", and die.  So the black-haired girl squeals, "I think I'm the prettiest girl in school!"  \*Poof\*  The brunette pipes up, "I think I'm one of the smartest girls in school."  \*Poof\*  And then the blond says, "I think--" \*Poof\*  &amp;#x200B;
I let my blonde friend borrow my car for a week I called her up and said, "I'll be home at 2pm, come over, have some lunch, and drop my car off."  "Sure!" She said. "See you then."  2pm passes... 4pm passes... 8pm passes.  I call her up and say, "Where the hell are you?!"   "I drove by twice and didn't see your car in the drive, where the hell are you?!"
How can you tell a blonde typist? She a hunt'n'pecker.
What do you call it when a blonde dyes her hair brown? Artificial Intelligence.
Why did the blonde have a bruised belly button? Her boyfriend was blonde too.
A Blonde Woman, a Ginger Woman, a Brunette Woman, and a Black Haired Woman are Standing in Front of a Magic Mirror The Mirror says to them: "Tell me what you think about your qualities. If they are true, you will be transported to your dream beach home. If it is false, you will be sucked into the dark dimension within me."  All the women pause for a moment.   The Brunette woman broke the silence by saying: "I think I'm the prettiest."   She was transported away to the home of her dreams.   Then the black haired woman said: "I think I'm the nicest."   She was sucked into the mirror.   Next the Ginger woman said: "I think I'm the smartest."   Moments later she found herself on a lovely sunset-lit beach  Finally the Blonde woman said: "I think--"  The Mirror cut her off and sucked her in.
A blonde was walking down a river trying to find a way to get across. She came across a blonde on the opposite side of the river, so she called out “Hey, how do you get to the other side?!”  The other blonde called back “You ARE on the other side!”
One day a blonde went to the hairdresser... The blonde ordered a trim but insisted that she absolutely could not take off the headphones she was wearing. The hairdresser declined and kicked her out of his barber shop.The blonde kept repeating the same request at different hairdresser’s until one finally agreed. As she was getting her trim the blonde fell asleep , the barber took this as an opportunity to take off her headphones , so he did. After he had finished her hair he noticed that the blonde girl was dead! He called the police and they arrived but while they were investigating the barber got curious as to what the girl was listening to that could be so important , so he took a listen and heard on repeat ; breathe in, breathe out  breathe in, breathe out!
[NSFW] I had a dream that I was getting a blowjob from the blonde one in ABBA I woke up because his beard was tickling my balls.
[Blonde]Tennis Elbow A little old man boards a bus with bowling balls in each of his front pockets. He sits down next to a beautiful young blonde lady, and she can't help but glance quizzically at the man and his bulging pockets.  It's an uneasy few minutes before, finally, the little old man can take no more. "Bowling balls," he nods reassuringly.  The blonde seems a little shocked and stares on. Moments later, she says: "Does it hurt as much as tennis elbow?"
Did you hear about the blonde who had two chances to get pregnant? She blew both of them
A blonde wants to make some money A blonde, wanting to earn some extra money, decided to hire herself out as a "handy-woman" and started canvassing a nearby well-to-do neighborhood. She went to the front door of the first house, and asked the owner if he had any odd jobs for her to do.  "Well, I guess I could use somebody to paint my porch," "How much will you charge me?" he asks.  The blonde quickly responded, "How about $50?"  The man agreed and told her that the paint and everything she would need were in the garage. The man's wife, hearing the conversation, said to her husband,  "Does she realize that our porch goes all the way around the house?"  He responded, "That's a bit cynical, isn't it?"  The wife replied, "You're right. I guess I'm starting to believe all those 'dumb blonde' jokes we've been binge reading on /r/jokes lately."  A short time later, the blonde came to the door to collect her money.  "You're finished already?" the husband asked.  "Yes," the blonde replied, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats."  Impressed, the man reached into his pocket for the $50.00 and handed it to her.  "And by the way," the blonde added, "it's not a Porch, it's a Bentley."
A Blonde is Sitting in Canoe... In the middle of an open field next to a highway, paddling away with her oar at the ground.   Another blonde driving past this scene, can’t help but stop her car and pull over. She screams from her window!  “What are you doing out there! You know it’s idiots like you that give all of us blondes a bad name!” The blonde in the canoe doesn’t answer, she just keeps paddling. So the other blonde starts her car back up and drives away muttering to herself:  “I‘d give that dumb bimbo a piece of my mind... if only I could swim.” 
Did you hear about the new blonde paint? It's not very bright, but it's cheap and spreads very easily
A blonde and a brunette are roommates, the brunette goes out shopping. The brunette returns, and sees the blonde hanging by her feet from the ceiling.                                                                                              Brunette "What are you doing?"                                                                Blonde "Oh, i'm trying to kill myself"                                                             Brunette "Well, why aren't you doing it from your neck"                            Blonde "Because then I cant breath"
What do you call a blonde who dyed herself brunette? Artificial Intelligence
A blonde calls her mom... A blonde calls her mom...  Blonde: "Mom mom!! I'm a genius!"  Mother: "Really dear? How's that possible?"   Blonde: "I finished a puzzle that I've been working on for 1 year and on the box it said 'for 2-5 yrs'."
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito When you slap the mosquito, it stops sucking.
How do you get a one armed blonde out of a tree? wave to her
What happened after the blonde ran to meet her long lost twin sister? She got seven years of bad luck for breaking her nose on the mirror.
A blonde, a brunette, and a red head are driving in a car. The brunette mentions that Christmas falls on a friday this year. The blonde says "I hope it's not Friday the 13th!"
A blonde stands on the bank of a river There is no bridge in sight. She sees another blonde across the river and shouts:  How do I get to the other side of the river?!  The other blonde shouts back:  Why? You already are on the other side!
Why did the blonde bring a ladder to the bar? Because she heard the drinks were on the house
A blonde is driving down a long country road As she is driving, she notices another blonde sitting in a row boat in the middle of a wheat field just rowing away. She pulls over and walks over to the fence, yelling "It's dumb blondes like you that give us all a bad name!" The blond in the boat says "Oh yeah?!" "Yeah!" Replies the first blonde, "And if I could swim I'd come out there and kick your ass!"
What did one blonde say to the other? "Without electricity, we'd have to watch TV in the dark"
A man entered the bus with both of his front pockets full of golf balls and sat down next to a beautiful blonde.  A man entered the bus with both of his front pockets full of golf balls and sat down next to a beautiful blonde.     The puzzled blonde kept looking at him and his bulging pockets.     Finally, after many side glances from her, he said, "Its golf balls."     Nevertheless, the blonde continued to look at him for a very long time, thinking deeply about what he had said.     After several minutes, unable to contain her curiosity any longer, she asked, "Does it hurt as much as tennis elbow?"
A blonde and a brunette are taking a walk through the woods... All of a sudden, the brunette falls to the ground. The blonde begins panicking and calls 9-1-1.  “This is 9-1-1, what’s your emergency?” The operator says.  The blonde replies “I’m in a forest and my friend just passed out! I think she’s having a heart attack and might be dead!”  “Okay, ma’am, I need you to calm down and take deep breaths.”  “Yes sir.”  “Good. Now I need you to make sure she’s dead first.”  “I’m on it”  There was a long silence, followed by a loud gunshot.  “Okay now what?”
Three spies, a brunette, a redhead, and a blonde, were captured in the alps and sentenced to death by firing squad. First they brought out the brunette and stood them against the wall.  "Ready," called the sergeant, "aim..."  "Avalanche!" yelled the brunette.  As the soldiers ran for cover the brunette escaped.  Next they brought out the redhead and stood them against the wall.  "Ready," called the sergeant, "aim..."  "Flood!" yelled the redhead.  As the soldiers ran for cover the redhead escaped.  Finally, they brought out the blonde and stood them against the wall.  "Ready," called the sergeant, "aim..."  "Fire!"
A Blonde, Brunette, and a Redhead. A blonde, a brunette and a redhead all work for a female boss who always goes home early.  "Hey girls," says the brunette. "Let's go home early tomorrow. She'll never know."  So the next day, they all leave right after their boss. The brunette gets some extra gardening done, othe redhead goes to a bar, and the blonde goes home to find her husband having sex with the female boss. She quietly sneaks out of the house and returns at her normal time.  "That was fun," says the brunette. "We should do it again sometime."  "No way," says the blonde. "I almost got caught."
A blonde woman walks into a bank New York City and asks for the loan officer. She says she’s going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so she hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce, which costs quarter of a million dollars.  “The car is parked on the street in front of the bank and I have all the necessary papers.” The bank officer agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. After the woman leaves, the loan officer, the bank’s president and all their colleagues enjoy a good laugh at the her for using a $250,000 Rolls Royce as collateral against a $5,000 loan.  One of the employees drives the Rolls into the bank’s underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, the blonde woman returns, repays the $5000 and the interest, which comes to $17,21.  The loan officer says, “Madame I must tell you, we’re all a little puzzled. While you were away, we checked you out and discovered that you’re a multimillionaire. Why would you bother to borrow $5,000?” She replies, “Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $17,21?”
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead enter a baking contest. The brunette and redhead both display a platter of delicious profiteroles covered in chocolate, which are well recieved by the judges.  They move over to the blonde, who presents them with a very strange looking eclair. As they try it, instantly, they spit out the vile tasting concoction.  "What the hell did you make this pastry out of?" shouts one of the judges.   "Well, all I had with me were my stilettos", says the blonde.   The judge starts to gag and responds, "CHOUX pastry!"
An attractive blonde walks into a gynaecologist’s clinic. The doctor takes one look at her, and all his professionalism goes out the window. He quickly invites the blonde to undress and lay back on the examination table.  He starts by placing his hands on her ample tits and begins vigorously squeezing them. He then asks, “Do you know what I’m doing?” The blonde replies, “Yes doctor, you’re thoroughly checking my breasts for any unusual lumps that could indicate cancer.”  The doctor couldn’t believe his luck, so he decided to take it further. He then instructed the blonde to spread her legs, and he proceeded to stimulate her down there. At this point he asks again, “And what am I doing now?” The blonde replies, “You’re making sure my sex organs and body responses are functioning normally.”  On hearing that, the doctor wasted no time in dropping his pants and mounting the blonde. He asks, for the heck of it, “So what do you think I’m doing now?”  “Getting herpes.”
So an English man, an American, an Asian, a blonde, Chuck Norris and Yo momma walk into a bar... The barman asks...     Is this some kind of joke? 
How to you kill a blind blond girl? Put a scratch and sniff sticker on the bottom of a pool
Why did the blonde have a sore belly-button? Because her boyfriend was also blonde.
A blonde is sitting in the middle of a field in a rowboat... Another blonde walks up on the sidewalk and says:  "You give blondes like me a bad name! If I could swim I'd come over there and kick your ass!"
A BRUNETTE A RED HEAD AND A BLONDE WERE IN ...   A brunette, a red-head and a blonde were in jail when they decided to break out.   The girls broke out and the brunette said,  "Let's hide in that barn, they'll never find us." So they climed up the ladder and then the blonde threw it down.  The next morning, the cops said, "Come out with your hands in the air!" The red-head said, "Hide in those baskets, they'll never find us!"  So the Brunette got in the first one, the red-head got in the second one and the blonde got in the third one.   Meanwhile, the cops were getting a ladder set up and trying to get up there.   Once they got up, the Sargent ordered them to kick the baskets.  So the cop kicked the first one: "RUFF." "It's just a damn dog!" yelled the cop.  The cop kicked the next one: "MEOW." "It's just a damn cat," yelled the cop.  The cop kicked the next basket and the blonde yelled, "POTATOES!"
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead go hunting... A blonde, brunette, and redhead go hunting.   The redhead goes into the woods and comes back a while later with a rabbit. “Wow, how’d you find it?” The others exclaim.  “Simple,” she says, “I see tracks, I follow tracks. I see the rabbit, I shoot the rabbit.”  So the brunette goes into the forest for a while, and comes out with a huge buck.   “Wow, how did you find it?”  “I see tracks, I follow tracks. I see the deer, I shoot the deer.”   Now it’s the blondes turn. She goes into the woods for a very long time, but eventually comes out, beaten and bruised, with no prize.   “What happened?!” They ask  “I see tracks, I follow tracks. I see the train, I shoot the train. The train didn’t stop.”
A blonde goes to a doctor She says “Doctor, my body hurts wherever I touch it!” The Doctor says “show me”. The blonde proceeds to tap her face, elbow, thigh and knee, wincing in pain after each one. “See, it’s true!” She says. The doctor pauses for a second, sighs and says                                         “You have a broken finger”
3 girls are on a deserted island. A blond, A redhead and a brunette... They walk along the beach and find a lamp, they rub and a genie pops out and says you each get 1 wish  The Brunette says "I just wanna be home" and she's instantly teleported home  The Redhead takes some time and thinks about it and replys "I want to go home to a mansion and a large vault full of money"  Then the blond exclames "I just want my friends back!"
A blonde is down on her luck So she pleads to God, "Please let me win the lottery! I need the money so bad. Please help your faithful servant!"  A week comes and goes, and she doesn't win the lottery. Upset, she gets down on her knees, looks up to the heavens with tears streaming down her face and pleads, "God, I beg of you. Please let me win the lottery! I am desperate, and I'm in danger of losing my home!"  Another week goes by, and she still hasn't won. At this point, she is furious. "Are you even listening to me, God?! I am a faithful Christian, I go to church every week, I live a good life, and all I ask is that I win the lottery! Why won't you answer my prayers?! Why won't you help me?!"  Suddenly, she hears the booming voice of God flowing through her, shouting, **"YOU NEED TO BUY A FUCKING TICKET, YOU IDIOT!"**
Why can’t the blonde call 911? She couldn’t find the eleven
How do you kill a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff sticker on the bottom of a pool.
A professor told his class: " Fame will come to you only after you succeed!" A blonde asked .. **"Who is 'Sid' ?"**   (not my own, unknown origin)   &amp;#x200B;
A blonde woman walks into an electronics store She sees something she likes on the stand and talks asks the employee, "How much do you want for the TV?" The guys simply answers, "I'm sorry ma'am we don't serve blondes." The woman storms out in anger and afterwards makes her mind up to go back the next day.  The blonde once again walks in and without hesitation says "I want to buy that TV no matter how much it costs, just tell ne your price." The guy once again says, "Ma'am like I've said we don't serve blondes." The woman is consumed by rage and goes home to completely change her looks and dyes her hair black. She looks in the mirror thinking not even her mother could recognize her and even adds an accent into the mix just to be sure.   Convinced by her disguise she goes up to the store once again and asks the same eployee, "Hello sir, how much is that TV over there?" To have her completely shocked he answers "I'm sorry to inform you ma'am but like I've said we don't serve blondes." The woman is speechless. She takes off her sunglasses and asks "You refused to sell me this TV over the last 2 days. How did you even figure out I was blonde with this disguise? My husband did not even realize it was me as I was going out."   The man is unshook and just responds, "Ma'am what you've been asking to purchase as a 'TV' over the last couple of days is in fact a microwave."   Compulsory edit: I heard this joke over 9 years ago and if it happens to already be on here, I wasn't aware at the time and it is probably a bit altered too, given the amount of time that has passed. 
How did the busty naked blonde get away with a bank robbery? No one could remember her face
What do you call a blond with two brain cells? Pregnant!
A blond was the suspect of a murder The judge had sentenced her to life in prison. As she was being locked up the guard said, "I'll be surprised if you escape". The next night a friend helped her escape, so she went to the guard and asked if he was surprised .  (I invented this joke... i think)
Guy says to a Blonde girl, I bet I can guess when you were born just by fondling your tits, no way says the Blonde, go on then, so 20 minutes later the Blonde says OK when was I born? Guy says: Yesterday.
Why do hot blonde cashiers not make any sense? Because you don't have to make cents, if you're a dime.
A blonde and a brunette are talking Blonde: what does idk stand for  Brunette: I don't know  Blonde: omg like nobody does
A blonde goes to a hospital with both ears burnt. The doctor looks and says "ooof, what happened there?"  The blonde, in pain tells the doctor "I was ironing while the phone rang and mistakenly I have put my iron on my ear instead of the phone."  The doctor rather confused, asked the blonde "so what happened to the other ear?"   To which the blond with anger replied "the bastard phoned back!"
I have an easy 3 step program on how to pick up petite blonde chicks. Step 1. Go to a farm.  Step 2. Go to the chicken coop.  Step 3. Find a baby chicken and pick it up.
One day a blond walks into a doctors office with both of her ears burnt. The doctor askes her what had happened.  She says, "well... when I was ironing my work suit the phone rang and I mistakanly picked up the iron instead of the phone.  "Well that explains one ear, but what about the other."  "The bastard called again"
A blonde woman walks into a bank... A blonde woman walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the loan officer. She says she's going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5,000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so the blonde hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce. The car is parked on the street in front of the bank; she has the title, and everything checks out. The bank agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. The bank's president and its officers all enjoy a good laugh at the blonde for using a $250,000 Rolls as collateral against a $5,000 loan. An employee of the bank then drives the Rolls into the bank's underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, the blonde returns and repays the $5,000 and the interest, which comes to $15.41. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very nicely; but we are a little puzzled. We checked you out and found that you are a multimillionaire. What puzzles us is - why would you bother to borrow $5,000?" The blond replies....."Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
A blonde girl is tired of people making dumb blonde jokes... So she decides to gather a stadium full of blondes to prove that not all blondes are dumb. She picks one woman from the crowd and asks her,    "What is the square root of 144?"    The woman thinks long and hard and answers, "Uhmmm, 7?"    The stadium starts chanting, "one more try! one more try!"    The host decides to try again, this time with an easer question, "what is 20 divided by 5?"    Again the woman takes a second to think and says, "14?"    Once more the stadium starts chanting, "one more try! One more try!"    Nervous, the host asks the simplest question she can think of, "what is 2+2?"    The woman thinks about the answer for about 5 minutes before saying "4!"    The whole stadium erupts as everyone yells "one more try! One more try!" 
What's the difference between a blonde and a bowling ball? You can only get three fingers in a bowling ball.
A blonde called her mother. Blonde : Mom, my boyfriend has dandruff. What do I do?  Mother: Just give him head &amp; shoulders.  Blonde (after thinking for a while) : How do I give shoulders?
What did the blonde say when she found out that she was pregnant? I hope it’s not mine
What do a blonde and a mosquito have in common? They only stop sucking when you slap 'em.
A blonde gets tired of blonde jokes. A blonde gets tired of blonde jokes. She drives back home from a party where people were making fun of blondes and she had to hear a lot of blonde jokes.  After a while she drives near a cornfield and sees another blonde in a boat rowing, in the middle of the cornfield.  She stops her car and yells at the blonde in the boat: - You stupid b*ch!! You are the reason people are making fun of blondes! If I knew how to swim, I would come out there and kick your ass!
A blonde pushes her BMW into the gas station and tells the mechanic that it died.  After working on it for a few minutes, he has it idling smoothly.   "What's the story?" she asked.   "Just crap in the carburator," the mechanic replied.   "How often do I have to do that?" asked the blonde.
How do you confuse a blond Paint yourself green and throw forks at her
A blonde, brunette, and redhead mom go to a cafe.... They had each stolen their daughters purses to see what their girls did in their free time.   The redhead mom opens her daughters purse first and finds a pack of cigarettes. “Oh my God, Debbie smokes! I am going to kill her!”   The brunette mom opens her daughter’s purse second, holding up a half-smoked joint. “Lindsay smokes pot?! How could she?!”   The blonde mom rifles through her daughter’s purse next and pulls out an empty condom wrapper. The other moms stare at her for a few moments before she puts her hand over her mouth. “Holy shit... Cindy has a dick.” 
A young blonde woman fears her husband is having an affair, so .......  A young blonde woman fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. The hysterical blonde tells her husband: "Shut up ... you're next!" 
What do you do when a blonde throws a pin at you? RUN!  SHE’S HOLDING A GRENADE!
A blonde, brunette, and red head are waiting in front of the pearly gates when God comes out to greet them "Usually I wouldn't let any of you girls in, but I'm having a good day. I'll give you all a deal. If you can climb my 1000 stair staircase and listen to a joke at each step without laughing I'll let you in." They all agree.  The brunette loses at the 100th step. The red head loses at the 500th step. The blonde makes it to the 999th step and begins to laugh hysterically . God asks her "You were so close, why did you laugh?"  She replies "I just got the first one."
A smart blonde is like Bigfoot. They might be out there, but I haven't seen any proof 
A blonde walks into a bar... It kind of hurt.
A blonde went to the doctor for birth control... The doctor asked the customary question, "Are you sexually active?" The blonde responded, "Nope." So the doctor asked, "Well, what do you need birth control for? Heavy period?" The blonde responded, "No, I don't want to get pregnant!"  Puzzled, the doctor clarified, "I thought you said you weren't sexually active?" The blonde responded, "I'm not. I just lie there."  
What do blonde women put behind their ears to attract men? Their ankles.
Guy Takes His Blonde Girlfriend To Her First Football Game.  They had great seats right behind their team's bench.  After the game, he asked her how she liked the experience.  "Oh, I really liked it," she replied, "especially the tight pants and all the big muscles, but I just couldn't understand why they were killing each other over 25 cents."  Dumbfounded, her date asked, "What do you mean?"  "Well, they flipped a coin, one team got it, and then for the rest of the game, all they kept screaming was, 'Get the quarterback! Get the quarterback!' I'm like, hello? It's only 25 cents!"
What did one blonde’s leg say to the other? Nothing ! They’ve never met. 
A blonde goes to work in tears. Her boss asks, "What's wrong?" She says, "My mom died."  He told her to go home, but she said, "No, I'll be fine."  Later that day, her boss finds her crying again. He says, "What's wrong?"  She replies, "I just talked to my sister, and her mom died, too!"
A brunette, a ginger, and a blonde... ...go on a survivalist show where they are to survive for as long as possible in the desert. Each can bring one item, but they need to justify to the producers how it will assist their survival. The brunette shows up with a canteen, explaining to the producers that a method of carrying water is critical. The ginger shows up with an umbrella, explaining that it's imperative that the sun be kept off the skin. When the blonde shows up, she's carrying a car door. When the producers ask why, she tells them that if it gets too hot, she wants to be able to open the window.
Why did the blonde return the bag of M&amp;M's to the store? Because a quarter of them were W's, and a quarter E's, and a quarter 3's...
A Blonde Crashes a helicopter A passerby jumps out and rushes up to her and exclaims,"What happened!?". She explains,"It got cold so I turned off the fan".
Blonde painting a house Did you hear about the blonde who wore two jackets when she painted the house?  The instructions on the can said: "Put on two coats."
I hade a joke about building a fence involving Hitler, two hot blonde bisexuals making out and a gay but. Some people might take of·fense so I´m sorry.
What does Valve have in common with a blonde? Both of them can't count to three
A blonde and brunette are hanging out at a bar Blonde: &gt; Do you think I'm ugly?  Brunette &gt; Why do you ask that?  Blonde: &gt; A census officer came by my house yesterday but he didn't fuck me  Brunette: &gt; Wait, what do you think a census officer does?  Blonde: &gt; He goes door to door, adding to the population. Duh.
A Russian, an American, and a Blonde were talking one day. The Russian said, "We were the first in space!"  The American said, "We were the first on the moon!"  The Blonde said, "So what? We're going to be the first on the sun!"    The Russian and the American looked at each other and shook their heads. "You can't land on the sun, you idiot! You'll burn up!" said the Russian.  The Blonde replied, "We're not stupid, you know. We're going at night!"
Blonde Joke So, a blonde walks into a library. She says to the librarian in a loud voice, "CAN I GET A BIG MAC AND A LARGE COKE?". The librarian looks confused and says, "I'm sorry ma'am but this is a library,". The blonde then says in a quiet voice, "oh i'm so sorry. can i get a big mac and a large coke?". 
An amnesiac walks into a bar. He goes up to a beautiful blonde and says, "So, do I come here often?"
A blonde student catches her teacher at his desk after class She puts her arms on his desk and pouts saying "this class is hard, I would do anything to get a good grade on the final. Anything."   He leans in close and says "Anything? Anything at all? Would you.... Study?"
A Blonde is pulled over for speeding The cop taps on the window and asks for her licence,  "Sorry sir i left it in my gym shorts"  Telling her to wait he walks back to his cruiser and radios in,  "It wouldn't happen to be a blonde driving a red mustang would it?" They radioed back  "Yeah it is actually, why do you ask?"  "this is the fifth time today she's been pulled over, go back to her window and drop your pants, Trust me"  So the officer scratching his head walks to the window and drops his trousers.  "Oh crap not another Breath test!"
A beautiful blonde is driving down the highway When she sees another blonde in a field trying to row a canoe across the grass.  The first blonde, infuriated, gets out of her car and starts shouting, “people like you are why everyone thinks blondes are dumb!! I swear to god if I could swim I’d go out there and kick your ass”
On a casual drive from drinking a blond, red, and black haired women died in a car crash. When they died God said to them that they could get into heaven if they could climb 100 steps with jokes inscribed on them and never laugh. So they started their ascend. Unfortunately the black haired woman laughed on the 21st step and fell off the steps to heaven. The red head laughed on the 43rd step and also fell off. Finally, the blond head reached the 100th and then suddenly bursted into laughter.   God asked, “Why did you laugh? You almost made it!”   To which the blond replied, “I just got the first one. “
A brunette, redhead, and blonde got sentenced to execution in front of a firing squad. The brunette went first. Seeing that the soldiers were a little naive, she waited until they raised their rifles and yelled "TORNADO!". The soldiers panicked and ran and in the ensuing confusion the brunette escaped.  They then beought out the redhead. She waited until the soldiers raised their rifles and yelled "FLOOD!". Again the soldiers ran for cover and she was able to escape.  The blonde was then brought out. Ahe decided to try and mimic her friends. So, as the soldiers raised their rifles, she yelled "FIRE!".... 
A blonde chick gets a tattoo... ...of a conch shell on her inner thigh, and she's showing it off to one of her friends.  Her friend says: "It's such a beautiful tattoo, why'd you get it on your thigh?"  The blonde answers: "So that when you put your ear against it, you can smell the ocean".
Blonde slots There was a beautiful young blonde who was going to a soda machine and she arrived there just before a business man coming to quench his thirst. She opened her purse and put in 50 cents, studied the machine a little, pushed a Diet Coke selection, and out came a Diet Coke which she placed on a counter by the machine. Then she reached in her purse again and pulled out a dollar and inserted it in the machine. Studying the machine carefully, she  pushed the button for Coke Classic and out came a Coke Classic and 50 cents change.  She immediately took the 50 cents and put it in the machine, studied it for a moment and pushed the Mountain Dew button. Out came a Mountain Dew. As she was reaching into her purse again, the business man who had been waiting patiently for several minutes now spoke up. "Excuse me Ms. but are you done yet?" She looked at him and indignantly replied: "Well Duhhh!, I'm still winning" 
A blonde is pulled over for speeding In honor of the recent front page blonde joke police joke:  A police officer pulls over a blonde for speeding. She rolls down her window, and he walks over, unzips his pants, and pulls out his penis. The blonde exclaims, "NOT ANOTHER BREATHALYZER TEST!!!"
A blonde woman is sitting in a room, idly staring at a lamp. ...when a lawyer walks in and decides to make an extra buck off of her. He approaches her and asks: "Let's play a game. I will ask you a question and if you fail to answer, you owe me five dollars. Then you will ask me a question and this time, if I fail to answer then I owe you 500 dollars." The blonde happily obliges and the man begins the game. "What is the First Law of Newton?" The blonde quietly hands him five dollars.  Next, the blonde asks him: "What climbs up a hill with two legs, but returns with three?" The man, stumped by this question, spends a great deal of time thinking until he eventually gives up and angrily hands her 500 dollars before asking her: "So what was the answer?" The blonde quietly hands him five dollars, turns around and keeps staring at the lamp.
A blonde in her Corvette convertible passes a policeman at high speed. He immediately flips on his lights and gives chase. She careens at a corner and knocks over a mailbox, then jumps the sidewalk sending pedestrians scrambling for safety. She gets back onto the road and approaches a red light with traffic stopped, but swerves into the opposite lane crossing the double yellow line, passes the stopped traffic, running the red light, and then takes a hard right turn just missing a woman crossing with a baby stroller. Then as she proceeds at a high speed down the next street, she suddenly sees a parking spot and makes a hard turn into it, but not braking fast enough. She plows into the car parked ahead and sets off her air bags.  The policeman finally catches up, gets out and runs to her car, as she opens the door struggling to get out from under the inflated air bags.  The policeman shoves them aside and takes her by her arm to get her out, when suddenly he realizes she is buck naked from head to toe.  Stunned, he asks, "Why are you totally naked?"  "Oh thank god," she replies, "I thought you were going to ask me about my driving."
My blonde girlfriend called me today to say that she is tired of being surrounded by dummies. I keep telling her that the department store closes at 6pm.
A blonde wants to travel from Europe to America. She calls a travel agent and asks him "How long does it take to travel from Europe to America?". The agent, audibly busy talking to another caller, says "Just a minute...". The blonde thanks him and hangs up the phone.
The blond reared back and clenched his fist With all his might, he punched the tree, and the force of the impact broke his hand. "Ouch! I thought you said this tree was bouncy!"  His friend face palmed. "No, I said it was a rubber tree."
A blond walks into a library while talking on her phone. When she gets to the front desk she says, "I will have two cheese burgers and s large french fry."  The librarian looks and her and says, "ma'am, this is a library."  The blond looks around and sees all of the shelves full of books. She is very embarrassed, hangs up her phone, and leans forward to whisper, "I will have two cheese burgers and a large fry."
A blonde was walking home She is close to her house, down the end of a road. Up ahead, a old man seems to have fallen off a ladder. She runs toward him and asks if he's alright. No one is around and the old man tells her to quickly call 911. After a minute, the man asks: "Did you call 911 yet?" The blonde replies: "No, I can't find the 11!"
A brunette and redhead started laughing in the backyard when a blonde joined them. The blonde said "What's so funny?" The honest brunette said, "Oh it's nothing." The tactful redhead said, "It's kind of an inside joke." The curious blonde said nothing, as she walked toward the back door.
Why is building a blonde snow(wo)man so hard? You'll have to carve the head.
Blonde got tired of hearing "dumb blonde" jokes. A blonde woman decided that she was sick and tired of white men assuming she was stupid and easy because of her hair. She decided to buy a Muslim head covering and convert instead. After some diligent Googling, she set out to the mall to buy a Niqaab. The next day she decided to sport it at the local Mosque because she couldn't figure out where all the Muslim men went to meet women. After an unsuccessful and quite confusing experience at morning prayers, she stopped a woman on the way out of the Mosque and asked if the men didn't talk to her because they could tell she was blond. "No, but that's a real nice ski mask!"
If I had a dollar for every time someone made a blonde joke at my expense, I would offer fifty cents per blond joke.
A blonde, a brunette, and a red head are out walking. They decide to take a shortcut through a farmer's field. They ignore the no trespassing sign and keep going. They run into the farmer who tells them, "If I ever catch you trespassing on my land again, I'll shoot you." They promptly turn around. After a while, they begin to wonder why they were so afraid of the farmer in the first place. They turn around and head back towards the field. Once again they run into the farmer and ran to hide. The brunette hid in a barrel, the red head hid in a pile of hay, and the blonde hid in a pile of potatoes.  The farmer pointed his gun at the barrel, and the brunette goes, "woof, woof." The farmer thinks it's just the dog. He points his gun at the pile of hay, and the red head goes, "meow, meow." The farmer thinks it's just the cat. He points the gun at the pile of potatoes, and the blonde goes, "potatoes, potatoes." He shoots her.  TL; DR: Blondes are stupid LOL
A smart blonde, a dumb blonde and Santa Claus all jump from the golden gate bridge at the same time. Who makes the biggest splash? The dumb blonde, because the others don't exist.
Blonde joke A blonde drops off a shirt at the cleaners. On the way out the door, the lady at the counter says   ‘Come again’  The blonde replies  ‘No it’s toothpaste this time’
A blonde orders a medium pizza The cashier asks if she wants it cut into four or eight slices.  "Hmm... four.  I don't think I can eat eight."
A blonde walks into a department store and is attracted to a shiny object. “What is this?” She asks, clearly intrigued.   “It’s a thermos flask,” replies the saleswoman.   “Okay... so what does this do?”  “It keeps hot things hot, and cold things cold.”   Having never encountered such a fascinating item, the blond buys the biggest one there is.   She brings it to her workplace next day and all the other blondes are likewise intrigued by the flask.   “What does it do?” They all ask.   “It keeps hot things hot, and cold things cold!” She says proudly.   “Woah! So what do you have inside?!” Her colleagues wonder.   “I brought my favourite ice cold soda and a freshly cooked, hot burger!” 
A blonde walks into a bar And then she walks into it again
How do you drown a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff sticker at the bottom of a swimming pool. 
My blonde girlfriend and I got into an argument because I accused her of being stupid. Eventually she jumped up out of her chair and yelled, “Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t walk out that door!” I replied, “The plane hasn’t landed yet.”
What is it called when a blonde dyes her hair? Artificial intelligence
A blonde goes to a blood bank to earn a little money to pay the bills... She steps into the elevator along with an attractive young man.  "Are you going to the blood bank too?" she inquires.  "no" he replies: "I go to the sperm bank, because I get four times the cash as I get for a pint of blood".  A week later, they meet again in the same elevator. The guy asks: " Off to the blood bank again?"  The blonde just  shakes her head and says :" Mmm-Mmm" 
A blonde woman walks into an adult toy store... One day this guy comes to work at a sex toy shop. His boss leaves for the day and puts him in charge of the shop. About an hour later a black haired lady comes in and asks "How much for your black dildos?" The guy says "30 bucks" "And how much for your white dildos?" asks the lady. Again the man says "30 bucks for the black and 30 bucks for the white" So she takes the black one and leaves.    A while later a brunette comes in to the store and asks "How much for your white dildos?" The man responds "30 bucks" She asks "And how much for your black dildos?" "30 bucks for the white and 30 bucks for the black" replies the man. So she takes the white one leaves.     About an hour later a blonde walks through the door and asks "How much are your dildos?" The guys says "All our dildos are 30 bucks" Then she looks up behind the man on a shelf and ask "How much for that green one?" The man responds "Oh, that one is special. That will cost you $250" The blonde agrees and takes it.     Later that day the boss come back and asks "So what did you sell today?" The man says "I sold a black dildo, a white dildo , and a 2-liter of mountain dew for $250!" 
The one with the blonde.. A professor told his class:   "Fame will come to you only after you succeed!"   A blonde asked, "Who is 'Seed'?"
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead...[long] A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are traveling through the desert when their car suddenly stalls.   They all get out of the car and, upon realizing that its not going to start, they each take one thing from the car. The brunette takes a bottle of water and the redhead takes a bag of food. The blonde gets some tools from the trunk, removes a door from the car and takes the door with her.   They begin to walk through the desert, and soon stop to rest. At this point the blonde and the brunette turn to the redhead and ask her why she brought the food. She replies, "Well, in case I get hungry Ill have something to eat." They all think this is pretty reasonable.   Then the redhead and the blonde turn to the brunette and ask her why she decided to bring water. The brunette replies, "Well, in case I got thirsty Ill have something to drink." They all decide thats a good idea, too.   Finally, the brunette and the redhead turn to the blonde and ask her why on earth she would take the car door. She replies, "Well, I thought if I got hot I could roll down the window."
Why did the blonde only have three kids? She heard every fourth is born Asian 
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are at the gates of heaven... God lays out the rules. They each had 100 steps to climb, and each step would have a different joke. If they could reach the last step without laughing, they would be allowed access into heaven.  The brunette laughs at the 18th step, and is sent to hell.  The redhead does a bit better, and laughs at the 67th step. However, she is still sent to hell.  The blonde is doing much better. She is on the last step, about to enter heaven, when she suddenly starts laughing. God asks "Why are you laughing now? I didn't even tell a joke!"  The blonde responds "I just got the 2nd one!"
A blonde drops off a dress to the dry cleaners. The little Asian lady says "come again!" The blonde says, "no, its toothpaste this time."
Blonde: [pointing gun in air] "EVERYBODY LISTEN UP THIS IS A ROBBERY" Kid: "hey, this is a library" Blonde: "oh" [screwing on a silencer] "ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵇᵒᵈʸ ᶫᶦˢᵗᵉᶰ ᵘᵖ ᵗʰᶦˢ ᶦˢ ᵃ ʳᵒᵇᵇᵉʳʸ"
Why can’t the blonde dial 911? She couldn’t find the 11.
What do you call a blonde at an institution of higher learning? A visitor
What does a blonde do at a think tank? Head work.
What do you call a blonde with a brain cell..? Pregnant
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? The mosquito stops sucking when you slap it. 
Scientists identified intelligent DNA in a blonde. The highest concentration was found in the stomach. 
A blond woman drives by a cornfield. While driving, she looks out her window and saw that in the middle of the cornfield was another blond woman, sitting in a boat, and rowing as if the boat was in water.  The blond in the car was amazed by what a stupid thing she was looking at. So she stops her car, gets out, and yells "It's blonds like you that give blonds like me such a hard time in the world!"  The blond in the boat then yells, "What's wrong? You want to fight about it?"  So the blond that was driving answered, "I would, but I don't know how to swim."
The Blonde Nun One night a blonde nun was praying in her room when God appeared before her.   "My daughter, you have pleased me greatly. Your heart is full of love for your fellow creatures and your actions and prayers are always for the benefit of others. I have come to you, not only to thank and commend you, but to grant you anything you wish," said God.   "Dear Heavenly Father, I am perfectly happy. I am a bride of Christ. I am doing what I love. I lack for nothing material since the Church supports me. I am content in all ways," said the nun.   "There must be something you would have of me," said God.   "Well, there is one thing," she said.   "Just name it," said God.   "It's those blond jokes. They are so demeaning to blondes everywhere, not just to me. I would like for blond jokes to stop."   "Consider it done," said God. "Blonde jokes shall be stricken from the minds of humans everywhere. But surely there is something that I could do just for you."   "There is one thing. But it's really small, and not worth your time," said the nun.   "Name it.... Please," said God.   "It's the M&amp;M's," said the nun. "They're so hard to peel."  
Blonde: What does IDK stand for? Brunette: I don’t know 			   Blonde: Why doesn’t anyone know!
What did the blonde say when she saw the Cheerios box?  "Omg, donut seeds!"
Why did the blonde stare at frozen orange juice can for 2 hours?  Because it said 'concentrate'.
So there was this blond... She was at the highest point in the hotel. She decided to dust the rug from her balcony and in the process falls and gets wrapped inside the rug. The guy from the 18th floor caught her from his balcony and she yelled, "Thank you for saving me" and he looks at her and says would you blow me? She responds with a no and he drops her. She screams and the guy from the 15th floor caught her from his balcony and asks her if she would sleep with him. She says no so he drops her just as fast as the first guy. The guy from the 10th floor catches her and before he could say anything she yells " I suck and I fuck!" then the guy drops her and says "What a whore."
A Blonde was asked by her internet company to change her password and to use 8 characters and 1 Capital. So she chose Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs Dublin.
Why can't a blonde dial 911? You can't dial a question mark
A blonde walks into a shoe store in Florida ... And looks at the alligator shoes. “That much!! I’ll just go and get some myself!” she exclaims. “Good luck!” The clerk says.   Later that afternoon he sees the blonde down by the river pointing a gun at a huge alligator, so he stops to watch. She shoots the alligator and kills it, the struggles to pull it on to the shore, right next to three others, all on their backs. She flips it over, then screams in frustration “this one doesn’t have any shoes either!!”
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant
A blonde walks into the doctor’s office She is flustered and holding her finger, which is bleeding profusely. “Doctor, please, I need help!” she exclaims.   “Calm down,” the doctor says. “What happened?”  The blonde explains, “I was trying to commit suicide, but I failed.”  Interested, the doctor asks, “Can you tell me more about this?”  The blonde rolls her eyes, “Well, I had everything planned out. I bought a gun and figured that I could probably kill myself if I put the gun in my mouth and pulled the trigger. But then I thought about all the money I spent fixing my teeth, so I didn’t want to shoot myself there.”  She continues, “I then thought to myself, what about between the eyes? But then I remembered I spent a lot of money on plastic surgery for my face, so there’s no way I could do that.”  She pauses, “I then pointed the gun at my heart, but there was no way I could pull the trigger. My boob job cost me god knows how many dollars!”  The doctor nods, “Okay, so how did you hurt your finger?”  The blonde replies, “I finally had a great idea. I would shoot myself in the head, but through my ear. That way, my face would remain pretty even after shooting myself. I went to pull the trigger, but then I remembered that guns are loud so I covered my other ear with my finger.”
Why wouldn't the blonde go near the fireplace? Because the chimney had a flue
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and an old lady are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness.  On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.  The old lady thinks, “I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.”  The blonde thinks, “I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the old lady for me and she slapped him.”  The Frenchman thinks, “I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.”  The Englishman thinks, “I can’t wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.”
Why can’t a blond dial 911? Because she can’t find the eleven. 
A blonde and a redhead get on the elevator The elevator stops on the third floor and a young man gets in. After he gets off the elevator the blonde looks at the redhead and says "He was kinda cute". The redhead replies "Yes, but he has dandruff. Someone needs to give him some Head and Shoulders"! The blonde thinks for a minute and asks "How do you give shoulders?
Blonde Goes Horse Riding A blonde decides to try horseback riding, even though she has had no lessons or prior experience. She mounts the horse unassisted and it immediately springs into motion. It gallops along at a steady and rhythmic pace, but the blonde begins to slip from the saddle. In terror, she grabs for the horse''s mane, but cannot seem to get a firm grip.  She tries to throw her arms around the horse''s neck, but she slides down the side of the horse anyway. The horse gallops along, seemingly ignorant of its slipping rider.   Finally, giving up her frail grip, the blonde attempts to leap away from the horse and throw herself to safety. Unfortunately, her foot becomes entangled in the stirrup, and she is now at the mercy of the horse''s pounding hooves as her head is struck against the ground over and over.   She starts to lose consciousness, but to her great fortune, Bobby, the Wal-Mart greeter, sees her and unplugs the horse.  
How do you get a one-armed blonde out of a tree? Wave. 
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? The mosquito stops sucking when you slap it.
What do cannibals call it when they have a blonde for dinner? Barbie-Q
Blonde to dentist: "What have you stopped for?" Dentist: "Sorry, I've run out of gas."  Blonde: "Oh no, please don't tell me dentists use that line too!"
Brunette said to her blond friend  I slept with a Brazilian last night.     OMG, you slut. How many is a Brazilian?  
Why did the blonde take 17 friends to the movies? Because it was 18+
How did the blonde die drinking milk? The cow sat down
What do you do when a blonde girl throws a grenade at you? You remove the pin and throw it back.
A blonde man is in bed with a women The women says, “I must warn you, I have an  acute ‘V-Giny’”   The man replies, you also have cute breasts”
Blonde woman takes a dildo back to the adult shop and asked for a refund, owner asks why? Blonde Replies. It has knocked all my fucking teeth out.
A beautiful blonde walks into a bar  sits on a stool and orders a beer.  The bartender fills the mug and slides it down the bar.  It hits the blonde woman and splashes all over her boobs.  The bartender goes over, retrieves the mug and then licks the beer off her breasts.  Each time the blonde calls for another beer this happens.  So, after the third beer, a guy decides to help the bartender out.  The next time the bartender serves a beer and it hits her boobs, the man jumps up, starts to lick her breasts and she decks him!  He is lying on the floor moaning, 'Jeez lady... Why do you let the bartender do it?'  "Helloooo!", says the blonde, 'He has a licker license!'
What do you call a naked blonde doing a handstand? A brunette with bad breath.
A blonde, a redhead and a brunette were in the hospital. They were there for some pregnancy tests. They began discussing the gender of their babies based on the sexual position they were concieved.  The brunette said, "I am going to have a son because I was at the bottom." The redhead said, "I am going to have a daughter because I was at the top." The blonde suddenly began crying. When the other two asked her what was wrong, she said, "I am going to have puppies!"    Disclaimer: This joke was told to me by an old friend and while I'm sure it has been posted here before, I wanted it to be my first post.
What did the blonde's left knee say to its right knee? Nothing. They've never met.
What is it called when a blonde has their hair dyed brown? Artificial Intelligence
What is sex with a blonde called?? Dumb Fuck
A blonde rings up an airline and asks: "How long are your flights from America to England?" The woman on the other end of the phone replies: "Just a minute". The blonde thanks her and hangs up the phone.   &amp;#x200B;
What's the difference between a blonde and a fridge? &amp;#x200B;     A fridge doesn't fart when you take your meat out.   &amp;#x200B;  OP ducks for cover
The blonde and the ventriloquist A ventriloquist is performing with his dummy on his lap. He’s telling a dumb-blonde joke when a young platinum-haired beauty jumps to her feet. “What gives you the right to stereotype blondes that way?” she demands. “What does hair colour have to do with my worth as a human being?”  Flustered, the ventriloquist begins to stammer out an apology.  “You keep out of this!” she yells. “I’m talking to that little jerk on your knee!”
Why are blonde jokes so short? So men can understand them.
What a dumb blonde... wait...... Blonde goes into a bank  Blonde: I need a loan for $5,000.  Bank-teller: We'll need some sort of deposit.  Blonde: Ok, here's the keys to my car (Mercedes-Benz S600)  Blonde leaves  Bank-teller(laughing): She's so stupid! Leaving a $100,000 car as a deposit for a $5,000 loan.  Bank-teller parks car in secret underground parking garage. Then he does research on the blonde and finds out she's a multimillionaire.  Bank-teller: She's an idiot! Why would she borrow $5,000 if she's a multimillionaire?  Two weeks later  Blonde comes back and pays bank-teller $5,000 with $15.41 interest  Bank-teller: Why would you borrow $5,000 and leave an expensive car here if you're a multimillionaire?  Blonde: Where else in New York City can you park a $100,000 car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it not to get stolen?
Guido and the blonde A virile middle aged Italian gentlemen named Guido was relaxing at his favorite bar in Rome when he managed to attract a spectacular young blonde woman. Things progressed to the point where he led her back to his apartment and, after some small talk, they retired to his bedroom where he rattled her senseless.  After a pleasant interlude, he asked with a smile, "So, you finish?" She paused for a second, frowned, and replied. "No."  Surprised, Guido reached for her and the rattling resumed. This  time she thrashed about wildly and there were screams of passion. The sex finally ended and, again, Guido smiled and asked, "You  finish?"  Again, after a short pause, she returned his smile, cuddled closer  to him and softly said, "No."  Stunned, but damned if he was going to leave this woman  unsatisfied, Guido reached for the woman yet again. Using the last of his strength, he barely managed it, but they ended together screaming, bucking, clawing and ripping the bed sheets.  Exhausted, Guido fell onto his back, gasping. Barely able to turn  his head, he looked into her eyes smiled proudly and asked again, "You finish?" Barely able to speak, the beautiful blonde whispered in his  ear..... "No, I Norwegian!"
Another Blonde Joke A blonde, a brunette and a redhead have just robbed a bank are are on the run with the police hot on their tails. They run down an alley and find three empty boxes, so they each jump in a box. The police round the corner and approach the boxes. They kick the first box, containing the brunette. She yells out: “Woof woof!”. “Oh, it’s only puppies”, says the police officer. They kick the second box. The redhead yells out “Meow meow!”. “Oh, it’s just kittens”, says the officer. They kick the third box. The blonde yells out: “Potatoes potatoes!”
An Irishman, a Mexican and a blond guy were doing construction work on scaffolding on the 20th floor of a building.   They were eating lunch and the Irishman said, "Corned beef and cabbage! If I get corned beef and cabbage one more time for lunch I'm going to jump off this building"  The Mexican opened his lunch box and exclaimed, "Burritos again! If I get burritos one more time I'm going to jump off, too."  The blond opened his lunch and said, "Bologna again. If I get a bologna sandwich one more time I'm jumping too."  The next day the Irishman opened his lunch box, saw corned beef and cabbage and jumped to his death.  The Mexican opened his lunch, saw a burrito and jumped too.  The blond opened his lunch, saw the bologna and jumped to his death as well.  At the funeral the Irishman's wife was weeping. She said, "If I'd known how really tired he was of corned beef and cabbage I never would have given it to him again!"  The Mexican's wife also wept and said, "I could have given him tacos or enchiladas! I didn't realize he hated burritos so much.  Everyone turned and stared at the blond's wife.  "Hey, don't look at me," she said, "He makes his own lunch."
A blond goes to the doctor Doctor: You need to diet.  Blonde: What color?
Blond calls IT IT guy shows up and asks for her password. She says "New York Atlanta Washington Sacramento Madison Goofy" It guy fixes her computer, then asks her " Why the long password?  She says it was your rule five capitols and a character 
A trucker stops at a red light and a blonde catches up to him. She knocks on the window and says, "Hi, my name is Heather and you are losing some of your load."   The trucker just ignores her, the light changes, and he proceeds down the street.   At the next light, the blonde again catches up and says, "Hi, my name is Heather, and you are losing some of your load."   He ignores her again and continues down the street.   At the next red light the blonde catches up, all out of breath, knocks on the window and says, "Hi, my name is Heather and you are losing some of your load."   The trucker looks at her and finally, he says, "Hi, my name is Kevin, it's snowing, and I'm driving a salt truck."
Two salesmen knock on the door and a blonde woman answers. "excuse me madam, but would you like double glazing?"  "OK" says the blonde, dropping to her knees, "but don't get it in my eyes" 
What do you call a blond doing a naked headstand? A brunette with a bad perm.
Blonde girl got all exited after she finally completed a jigsaw puzzle after 3 years, I said why are you so excited? She said it says 5 to 8 years on the box...
A blonde mother goes to the doctor. Doctor: Ma'am, I'm afraid you have Parkinson's disease. You will need to-  The mother cuts him off. "But my sons are interested in becoming chefs!"
A blonde bursts out the doctor's office, yelling that the doctor flirted with her. The staff rush to see what was going on, they asked her, "What did he do?"  She replied, "He told the nurse he'll check me out!"
A dentist tells a blonde that she needs braces. The blonde says, "Why? I can walk just fine."  When the dentist explains that braces are for her teeth, she replies, "But my teeth don't walk."
The blonde walks into a drugstore and asks the pharmacist for some bottom deodorant. The pharmacist, a little bemused, explains to the woman that they don't sell anything called bottom deodorant, and never have. Unfazed, the blonde assures him that she has been buying the stuff from this store on a regular basis, and would like some more.  "I'm sorry," says the pharmacist, "we don't have any."  "But I always get it here," says the blonde.  "Do you have the container it comes in?"  "Yes!" says the blonde, "I will go and get it."  She returns with the container and hands it to the pharmacist, who looks at it and says to her, "This is just a normal stick of underarm deodorant."  The annoyed blonde snatches the container back and reads out loud from the container: "To apply, push up bottom."
A blonde asks her friend for the best way to treat her boyfriends dandruff Her friend says, “Just give him head and shoulders. It’s pretty good at clearing up dandruff!”  The next week her friend asks her, “So hows the dandruff problem?”   The blonde replies, “It’s still there, but I’m not really sure how I’m supposed to give him shoulders.”
A Blonde, a Brunette, and a Redhead are all shipwrecked on an island. Suddenly, a fairy appears before them! She says,  "I will grant each of you one, and only one, wish; think carefully,"  So each of the women tries to think of a wish that would get them off the island. The Redhead decides to go first, and wishes for the ability to swim extremely fast.   "Your wish is granted," the fairy says.  The Redhead then leaps into the water, and, thinking herself to be free, starts swimming. Unfortunately, she gets tired after 10 seconds of swimming, and she is eaten by sharks.  The Brunette, seeing what happened to her friend in the water, wishes for the ability to fly.  "Granted," the fairy says.  The Brunette then flies up into the air, and starts flying towards land. Alas, she also gets tired after 10 seconds, and falls into the shark-infested water, to her death. The Blonde, seeing the other two fail, thinks long and hard about her wish... eventually, she finds one that is fool-proof; she says,  "I wish I could think like a man,"  "Your wish is granted," says the fairy.  So the Blonde gets up, turns around, and walks across the bridge to land.  
How do you drown a blonde? Put a mirror at the bottom of a pool.
How can you tell a blonde's been using the computer? There's white-out all over the screen.
what do you do when a blond throws a hand grenade at you? you pull the pin and throw it back.
A blonde goes into a drycleaners... Picking up her dress she turns to leave. The assistant says "Come again". The blonde replies "No, this time it's only toothpaste!" 
A priest was friends with Stephanie, a blonde woman who regularly attends his services. As the priest was strolling through town one day, he noticed Stephanie's father holding hands with another man. Shocked, the priest calls his friend later that day to verify what he saw.  "Hey Stephanie, I think your dad might be homosexual. Is this true?"  "No way, are you serious? I can't believe this!"  "I'm afraid so."  "Which one?"
Why did the blonde astronomer bring her steak into the bathroom? She wanted to observe a meatier shower
A dumb blonde goes to bed with her boyfriend... He says "Hey, just so you know I've slept with a Brazilian before." She says "You slut! Wait... How many is a Brazilian again?"
In a biology lab, a blonde wanted to flaunt to her science teacher In this lab, the teacher asked the students to separate ants in a jar by sex. The blonde, having studied yesterday, suddenly had a good idea.   She took a beaker, filled it with water, then poured it in the jar of ants.  The teacher, immediately noticed and said, "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"   The blonde smuggingly said, "Look!, some ants float, and some don't. That is because the ones that float are boy ant!"
A blonde guy gets home early from work and hears strange noises coming from the bedroom. He rushes upstairs to find his wife naked on the bed, sweating and panting. "What's up?" he says. "I'm having a heart attack," cries the woman.  He rushes downstairs to grab the phone, but just as he's dialing, his 4-year-old son comes up and says,"Daddy!  Daddy!  Uncle Ted's hiding in your closet and he's got no clothes on!"  The guy slams the phone down and storms upstairs into the bedroom, past his screaming wife, and rips open the wardrobe door.  Sure enough, there is his brother, totally naked, cowering on the closet floor.  You rotten bastard, "says the husband,"my wife's having a heart attack and you're running around naked scaring the kids!!!”
A blonde tries to prove that blondes aren't dumb at a blonde convention So she goes on stage and a guy asks her math question while the crowd watches, the first question he asks is "What is 5 * 20?", she answers "80?", so the crowd starts to chant, "One more try! One more try!". So the guy asks another question, "What is 18 + 7", to which she replies, "30", and the crowd starts chanting again,"One more try! One more try!". He asks a third question, "What is 2 + 2?", and she replies with, "4", and the crowd starts yelling, "ONE MORE TRY! ONE MORE TRY!"
A killer chases a blonde, a brunette and a redhead. The three finds three potato sacks to hide in. The killer finds the sacks and decided to poke each one. When the killer poked the brunette, the brunette goes “meow, meow.” Then the killer pokes the red head, and she goes “bark! bark!” Finally, the killer pokes the blonde in the potato sack and she says, “potato! potato!”
I was on OkCupid and a girl said "Blonde haired immigrant here to steal your jobs." I was like hahaha jokes on you. I don't have a job...  Dang it.
Blonde gets caught speeding Officer stops the blonde to ask her why she was driving 130mph.  So the blonde responded with:  There is no way! That is impossible, I have only been in the car for 30 minutes!  ..... *thumbleweed*   .... i'll let myself out now.
A blonde walks into a bank with a 25kg bag of marijuana and hands it over to the cashier... Shocked, the cashier asks..'What's this for?'  The blonde replies..'Me here to open a joint account'
A blonde and a brunette.. A blonde and a brunette were walking past a flower shop when the brunette saw her boyfriend grabbing a bouquet of roses. She turns to the blond and says, "Now I'll be expected to lay on my back with my legs up in the air all weekend."   The blonde questions quizzically, "Why, don't you have a vase?"
A blonde crashes a helicopter... A police officer drives by and exclaims, "What happened!?". She says, "It was getting cold so I turned off the fan".
A blonde goes to electronic shop. Uhh, wow can I buy this TV?  Sorry We don't serve blondes here.  Blonde dyes her hair red and goes to the same store.  Wow, how much is this TV?  Sorry ma'am I told You we don't serve blondes here.  She dyes her hair black and goes to the same store.  Hey I wanna buy this TV  Lady I tell you the last time, we do not serve blondes here.  why? I just want to buy this TV.  It's a microwave!
On day a redhead, a brunette, and a blonde were on their way to heaven. God told them the stairs to heaven were 1,000 steps and on every step he was going to tell them a joke.    If they laughed they would not be able to get to heaven.   So the redhead made it to the 45th step and laughed.   The brunette made it to the 200th step and laughed.   But the blonde made it to the 999th step and laughed even before god told his joke.   God asked "Why did you laugh I haven't even told the joke yet"   The blonde said "I know I just now got the first one!!!"
A blonde was down on her luck In order to raise some money, she decided to kidnap a kid and hold him for ransom.  She went to the playground, grabbed a kid, took him behind a tree, and told him, "I've kidnapped you." She then wrote a note saying, "I've kidnapped your kid.  Tomorrow morning put $10,000 in a paper bag and put it under the pecan tree next to the slide on the North side of the playground. Signed, A Blonde." The Blonde then pinned the note to the kid's shirt and sent him home to show it to his parents.  The next morning the Blonde checked, and sure enough, a paper bag was sitting beneath the pecan tree.  The Blonde opened up the bag and found the $10,000 with a note that said, "How could you do this to a fellow Blonde?"
A blonde is looking to make some extra cash She decided that she would go around her neighborhood and try to do some odd jobs here and there to make some  She goes over to her richest neighbors house thinking that he would have money to spare and his house was so big that he was bound to have something to do  She goes up the huge porch and knocks on the front door, when her neighbor answered the door she explained her situation and asks him if he had any odd jobs around the house for her to do,  Even though her neighbor was rich he was also really cheap so he figures since she was a blonde he could trick her into doing a really large job for next to nothing  He tells her that if she'd be willing to paint his porch he would give her $10, to which the blonde happily agrees, The two shake hands and he tells her that all the painting supplies are in the garage, then tells her that she won't get paid unless she does the entire porch, to which she says she understands and goes to the garage  The man walks back inside and goes up to his wife and says "you're never going to believe this" I just convinced that stupid blonde next door to paint the entire porch for $10, Ten dollars! The wife exclaims that's so cheap, she does realize that the porch goes all the way around the house right?  She should says the man she was standing right on it, she may be blonde but I doubt she's stupid enough not to have noticed, 15 minutes later the blonde goes back to the front door and rings the bell  All finished she says with a smile on her face, "Finished!" the man says in disbelief The entire porch? , "The Entire porch" the blonde says I even had some paint left over so I gave it a second coat, the man is shocked and says "wow you are full of surprises, here you've more than earned this $10" , the blonde takes the money and starts to leave before she goes she turns back to the man and says  "oh by the way, it's not a porch it's a Lexus"
Blonde, Brunette and Red Head(FBI training) A blonde, brunette and red head all go for FBI training. They pass all their tests as they go along.  Fot the last test the instucters say the test is about Trust. They tell the women, that there is a man in a room, tied to a chair. They must take the gun provided and kill him.  The brunette goes in and sees it is her husband. She then goes out and tells them she can't do it. They tell her she has the job and that they can trust her.  The red head goes in and the same thing happens. It also is her husband. She also tells the instructers she can't do it. She too gets a job.  The blonde goes in and a few moments later she comes out covered in blood all over her body. The instructers worried, asked what happend?  In which the blonde replies: "You didn't put any bullets in the gun so I had to beat him to death with the chair".
A guy took his blonde girlfriend to her first football game... After the game, he asked her if she liked it. She replied, "it was fun but I don't see why they made such a big fuss over 25 cents."  The guy asked, "What do you mean?"  And she said, "Well, at the beginning of the game, they flipped a coin and someone took it, and for the rest of the game, they kept shouting 'Get the quarter back! Get the quarter back!'"
A blonde goes to her chemist.. A blonde goes to her chemist. She's quite embarrassed, so goes to quite a length to get the chemist by themselves. She whispers to the pharmacist, 'I need some more anal deodorant.'  The pharmacist, quite confused, says, 'I'm sorry ma'am, what was that?'  "I need some anal deodorant!" looking around sheepishly.  The pharmacist, now more confused that he heard her right exclaims, 'but ma'am there's no such thing!'  "Of course there is! here..." and the blonde searches through her handbag and pulls out a deodorant stick; she looks at it closely it points, 'see! right here! it says push up bottom!'
A Blonde was down on her luck.. In order to raise some money, she decided to kidnap a kid and hold him for ransom.   She went to the playground, grabbed a kid, took him behind a tree, and told him, "I've kidnapped you." She then wrote a note saying, "I've kidnapped your kid. Tomorrow morning, put $10,000 in a paper bag and put it under the pecan tree next to the slide on the north side of the playground. Signed, Blonde."   The Blonde then taped the note to the kid`s shirt and sent him home to show it to his parents.   The next morning the blonde checked, and sure enough, a paper bag was sitting beneath the pecan tree.   The blonde opened the bag and found the $10,000 with a note that said,   "How could you do this to a fellow Blonde?"
A blonde walks into a sex shop NSFW A blonde walks into a sex shop. She asks the store assistant 'How much are these vibrators?' The store assistant goes: 'Well, we have some for $50, these are $100, $120...' The blonde then asks: 'What about that big red one?' 'Ooh... we don't sell that one.' 'But why??' 'Because it's a fire extinguisher.'    
[Long]Two men sitting at a bar, one asks the other "Do you want to hear a blonde joke"? The other guy says "Yeah sure, I could do with a laugh".  The first guy is just about to start when he is tapped on the shoulder, and turns round to see three bulked up blondes. The one who tapped him on the shoulder says to him :  "I am the worlds premier female bodybuilder, and a blonde. My two friends are world champions at kickboxing and Judo respectively - they are both blondes. Are you sure you want to tell a blonde joke in this company?"  The guy says "Not if i have to explain it three times".
A beautiful blonde woman approaches a pharmacist and asks, "Do you have extra large condoms?" The pharmacist replies, "Yes, isle 11."  The blonde goes to the isle. But about 30 minutes later she is still looking at the condoms. The pharmacist calls over to her, "Do you need some help?"  The woman replies, "No, I'm just waiting for somebody to buy some."
A Blonde woman was speeding down the road in her little red sports car and was pulled over by a woman police officer, who was also a blonde. The blonde cop asked to see the blonde driver’s license. She dug through her purse and was getting progressively more agitated.        ‘What does it look like?’ she finally asked. The policewoman replied, ‘It’s square and it has you picture on it.’        The driver finally found a square mirror in her purse, looked at it and handed it to the policewoman. ‘Here it is,’ she said.        The blonde officer looked at the mirror, then handed it back saying, “OK, you can go. I didn’t realize you were a cop…”
Jack and the Blonde    Jack walked into a sports bar around 9:58 pm. He sat down next to this blonde at the bar and stared up at the TV as the 10:00 news came on. The news crew was covering a story of a man on a ledge of a large building preparing to jump.  The blonde looked at Jack and said, "Do you think he'll jump?"  Jack says, "You know what, I bet he will." The blonde replied, "Well, I bet he won't." Jack placed $30 on the bar and said, "You're on!"  Just as the blonde placed her money on the bar, the guy did a swan dive off of the building, falling to his death. The blonde was very upset and handed her $30 to Jack, saying, "Fair's fair... Here's your money."  Jack replied, "I can't take your money, I saw this earlier on the 5 o'clock news and knew he would jump."  The blonde replies, "I did too; I just didn't think he'd do it again."  Jack took the money.
Two guys were in a bar with their blonde girlfriends Guy 1: "Do you know why blondes are so good at giving head?"  Guy 2: No, why?  Guy 1:  its because they've got a vacuum between their ears  Blonde girlfriend: "well, at least its better than nothing!"
A blonde gets on an airplane to fly back home As she enters the plane, she begins jumping up and down, all the way to her seat.  The flight attendant notices this, concerned for the blondes mental state, notifies the captain of her actions.   The captain walks down to the blonde, who’s now bouncing in her seat. He asks the blonde “why did you jump to your seat, and why are you bouncing now?”  The blonde replies “well, isn’t this a Boeing?”
What do you call a dirty blonde? A half-wit
A blonde entered a technology and appliance store to purchase a new TV. When she found one she liked, she brought it to the cashier, saying “I would like to buy this TV, please.”  The cashier replied, “sorry, but I don’t sell to blondes.”  Discouraged and still determined to buy the TV, she went to the salon, dyed her hair brown, and returned to the same store the next day. Picking up the same TV, she brought it to the cashier, saying “I would like to buy this TV, please.”  Once again, without batting an eye, he replied, “sorry, but I don’t sell to blondes.”  Furious that he still refused to sell to her and still determined to purchase what she thought was the perfect TV, she set an appointment with a plastic surgeon, completely reconstructed her face, and dyed her hair once again, this time a darker brown. “There’s no way he’ll recognize me now” she thought smugly to herself.   She returned to the store, picked up the TV for a third time, but before she could get a word out the cashier already said, “sorry, but I don’t sell to blondes.”  Completely enraged, she said “I have dyed my hair brown, and then a darker brown, and I’ve even gotten plastic surgery! How did you still know I was a blonde?”  Without missing a beat, he simply responded “because that’s a microwave.”
Blonde and a Brunette were talking, brunette says "sigh, my husband gave me flowers last night, and you know...... its legs up in the air". Blonde says, " what? don't you have a vase?"
My girlfriend is blonde and anorexic. I’ve stuck with her through thick and thin.
How can you tell when a blonde has been using your computer? The joystick is wet.
A blonde is at her doctor's appointment Her doctor says "Ma'am, you are extremely overweight. You need to get back into shape. I'm going to have you diet for 2 weeks, skip a week, then diet for another 2 weeks, then you'll come back here to see me." The blonde agrees, and goes back home.  5 weeks later, the blonde comes into the doctor's office, having lost nearly 200 pounds. Her doctor is shocked, and asks her how she lost that much weight in 5 weeks. The blonde replies with "Well, I did everything you told me to do, but I thought I would pass out from all that skipping!"
How do you get a one-arm blonde out of a tree? Wave at her.
There was a blonde, a red head, and a brunette. They were all trapped on an island... ...and the nearest shore was 50 miles away. The redhead swam trying to make it to the other shore. She swam 15 miles, drowned, and died. The brunette swam 20 miles, drowned, and died. The blonde swam 25 miles, got tired, and swam back.
Two blonde police officers crash their patrol car into a tree... After a moment’s silence, the first blonde says to the other, “Wow, I think that’s the quickest we’ve ever got to the scene of an accident.”
A Blonde, Brunette, and a Redhead were stranded in a island. A Blonde, Brunette, and a Redhead were stranded in a island 50 miles away from land.  They all decided that they would swim to land.   The Brunette swims 13 miles and drowns.   The Redhead swims 26 miles and drowns.   The Blonde swims 25 miles gets tired and swims back to the island.
A blonde police officer pulls over a blonde driver. "Can I see your license please?"  "What does that look like?" says the blonde driver.  "It's small, rectangular in shape, and has your picture on it." replies the blonde officer.  The blonde driver looks through her purse for a while and pulls out a small rectangular mirror.  The blonde police officer looks at it and says: "My bad, I didn't know you were a police officer too. Sorry to bother you." and let's her go.
A blonde and a brunette are on an elevator as a gentleman in a suit gets on. The gentleman gets off and the brunette notices he has a dandruff problem. She says to the blonde, “someone should give that man Head &amp; Shoulders!” The blonde says, “how do you give shoulders?”
A brunette, a redhead, and a blonde die and arrive at Heaven... Saint Peter says, "If you can walk up these 100 steps of stairs, then you will go to Heaven."  The women feel confident that they can do this easily. Then, he adds "However, I will tell all of you a joke one each step. If you laugh, then you will no longer make it to Heaven."  The women all start on the same step and start climbing up. After 37 steps, the brunette laughs and gets sent to Hell.  At the 56th step, the redhead can no longer contain her laughter and is also sent to Hell.  On step 100 as Saint Peter is telling his last joke, the blonde laughs. "Why did you laugh?" he asks. "You were so close."  The blonde replies, "I just got the first joke."
Another Blonde Joke Two blondes stood by a car in which they had accidentally locked the key.   “We need to get in there,” says the first blonde. “Why don’t we use a coat hanger to slide the lock open?”  “No,” says the second. “People’d think we’re trying to steal the car.”  “I have a pair of scissors,” says the first. “We could use it to cut around the rubber, then stick a finger in and pull up the lock."  “No, they’d just say we’re too stupid to use a coat hanger.”  “Well, we’d better think of something fast,” sighed the first blonde. “It’s starting to rain and all the car windows are open.” 
How do you keep a blonde occupied for 2 days? Give her a piece of paper that says "Please turn over" on both sides.
A blonde finds an antique oil lamp at the beach. She does what everyone would do, so she rubs and rubs and rubs the lamp, until she suddenly hears the annoyed Genie from the inside: "Are you going to free me or do you just want to wank me off?" 
Why did the blonde drive her car off the cliff She wanted to test her air breaks.
What's long, hard and makes young blonde girls scream? A math test.
A flight is on its way to Sydney when a blonde in economy gets up, moves to the first class section and sits down The flight attendant watches her do this, and asks to see her ticket.  She then tells the blonde that she paid for economy class, and that she will have to sit in the back.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”.  The flight attendant goes into the cockpit and tells the pilot and the co-pilot that there is a blonde bimbo sitting in first class, that belongs in economy, and won’t move back to her seat.  The co-pilot goes back to the blonde and tries to explain that because she only paid for economy she will have to leave and return to her seat.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”.  The co-pilot tells the pilot that he probably should have the police waiting when they land to arrest this blonde woman who won’t listen to reason.  The pilot says, “You say she is a blonde? I’ll handle this, I’m married to a blonde. I speak blonde”.  He goes back to the blonde and whispers in her ear, and she says, “Oh, I’m sorry” and gets up and goes back to her seat in economy.  The flight attendant and co-pilot are amazed and asked him what he said to make her move without any fuss.  I told her, "First class isn’t going to Sydney."
A Blonde, Red Head and Brunette were stuck on an island, and the closest populated island was 100km away, so in turn they try to swim to the island, the brunette swims 10 km then drowns, the red head swims 30 km then drowns, the blond swims 50 km then gets tired so she swims back.
A blonde and a brunette decide to go to the movies together. The picture had a scene with a horse race in it. Before the race starts, he brunette turns to the blonde and says "I'll bet you fifty dollars the black horse wins." The blonde says "OK, you're on!"  The scene ends with the black horse barely winning, so the blonde pays up. The brunette decides to confess; "I have to admit that I saw this movie last week." The blonde replies, "So did I, but I didn't think that black horse could possibly win a second time!"
Why did the blonde go to sleep under her 20-year-old car? So she could wake up oily in the morning.
Blond woman has been stopped by police becouse of speeding.. Cop approaches the drivers door. "Is there a problem, Officer?"  Cop says, "Ma'am, you were speeding. Can I see your license please?"  The woman responds, "I'd give it to you but I don't have one." "You don't have one?"  and she responds, "I lost it four times for drink driving."  Cop is shocked. "I see. Can I see your vehicle registration papers please?" "I'm sorry, I can't do that." cop asks, "Why not?" "I stole this car."  Cop says, "Stole it?"  And she says, "Yes, and I killed the owner."  At this point the officer is getting irate. "You what?"  "he is in the trunk if you want to see."  Cop looks at the woman and slowly backs away to his car and calls for back up. Within minutes, five police cars show up, surrounding the car. A senior officer slowly approaches the car, clasping his half-drawn gun.  The senior officer says, "Ma'am, could you step out of your vehicle please!"  The blonde steps out of his vehicle. "Is there a problem, sir?" "One of my officers told me that you have stolen this car and murdered the owner." "Murdered the owner?" She asks.  The officer responds, "Yes, could you please open the boot of your car please?"  Woman opens the trunk, revealing nothing but spare tire and tools.  The officer says, "Is this your car Ma'am?"  and she answers, "Yes" and hands over the registration papers. The officer, understandably, is quite stunned. "One of my officers claims that you do not have a driving licence."  Then woman digs in his pocket revealing a wallet and hands it to the officer. The officer opens the wallet and examines the licence. He looks quite puzzled. "Thank you, Ma'am. One of my officers told me you didn't have a licence, stole this car, and murdered the owner."  Woman then replies, "I bet you the lying bastard told you this was a repost, too!"
A blonde woman goes to the doctor She explains to the doctor that she's experiencing pain around her kidneys.  The doctor tells her not to worry, a simple urinalysis will help find out what's wrong.  The doctor steps out and in walks in a tall, gruffy, stoic nurse. He had an unkempt face and was in a bad mood. He hands her a urine sample cup and grunts a simple command: "Urinate."  The blonde replies, " Thanks, yaknow, you would be too if you shaved, got a haircut, and smiled more often."
My blonde friend got her driver license, but was still disapointed... She said she got a ''F'' for sex.
Blonde in a bar  A gorgeous Australian blonde and a guy are sitting next to each other in a bar. Both of them are watching the television when the news came on. It showed a guy on a bridge who was about to jump, obviously suicidal. "I'll bet you a kiss he'll jump," said the first guy. "Bet you $10 he won't," said the blonde. Then, the guy on the television closed his eyes and threw himself off the bridge. The hot blonde leans over to kiss the guy. "I can't kiss you," said the first guy abruptly. "I cheated you. The same story was on the five o'clock news." "No Worries," said the blonde. "I saw the five o'clock news too. I just didn't think the guy was dumb enough to jump again!" 
Guy and blonde in a bar  A gorgeous Australian blonde and a guy are sitting next to each other in a bar. Both of them are watching the television when the news came on. It showed a guy on a bridge who was about to jump, obviously suicidal. "I'll bet you a kiss he'll jump," said the first guy. "Bet you $10 he won't," said the blonde. Then, the guy on the television closed his eyes and threw himself off the bridge. The hot blonde leans over to kiss the guy. "I can't kiss you," said the first guy abruptly. "I cheated you. The same story was on the five o'clock news." "No Worries," said the blonde. "I saw the five o'clock news too. I just didn't think the guy was dumb enough to jump again!" 
A blonde goes into work A blonde goes into work one morning crying her eyes out. Her boss, concerned about his employee's well being, asks sympathetically, "What's the matter?" The blonde replies, "Early this morning I got a phone call saying that my mother had passed away." "I'm terribly sorry to hear that. Why don't you go home for the day... we aren't terribly busy. Just take the day off to relax and rest." The blonde very calmly explains, "No, I'd be better off here. I need to keep my mind off it and I have the best chance of doing that here." The boss agrees and allows the blonde to work as usual. "If you need anything, just let me know," he says. A few hours pass and the boss decides to check on the blonde. He looks out over his office and sees the blonde crying hysterically. He rushes out to her, and asks, "Are you going to be okay? Is there anything I can do to help?" "No," replies the blonde, "I just got a call from my sister, and she said that HER mom died too!"
A blonde walks into a bar. Now the police are here wondering if I abuse my wife.
A guy is driving a Mercedes with a blonde girl in a front seat. She looked around the car, amazed, and then she saw the Mercedes logo, prominent on the front of the car's hood.  - Hey, what's that? - she asked.  - That? - he replied, chuckling - That's an aiming reticle. I use it to be able to hit pedestrians more reliably.  The girl fell silent for a time, and the guy started thinking about a problem he had at work that day. Suddenly, he heard a thud, the car shook a bit, and he could've sworn he heard something like a muffled scream   - Wha... What was that? - he asked in panic  - Your aiming reticle must be broken - blonde girl replied - If I hadn't opened the door, you would've missed this one, too!
Just another blonde joke There once was a blonde who always wanted to learn how to ride a horse. She kept talking herself out of it until one morning she woke up and decided this is it! She was going to do it! So she found a horse she liked and jumped on. At first everything was going great and she’s thinking “well, this isn’t so bad!” But then it gets going a little faster and she starts panicking! She’s sort of bouncing around uncomfortably in the saddle but she doesn’t know how to slow it down! She’s yelling for help but nobody’s around! She starts sliding down the side and tries to grab onto the horn but her hands are so sweaty that she slips! Then she just flies off completely but her foot gets caught in the stirrup! So she’s dangling behind, bouncing around, hitting her head on the ground over and over and right when she’s on the verge of unconsciousness...the store manager comes and turns off the horse. 
Why was the blonde so popular in Japan? She said hai to everyone.
A Frenchman walks into a compartment to see an Englishman, a ravishing blonde and an old Woman Upon seeing this he says: “Oh not this shit again”
My dog needed a checkup, so I Googled a place nearby. But when I got there, it was just this blonde white guy in army camo covered in swastika tattoos. Stupid Google found me a veteran aryan. 
Blonde asks. How is correct: Iran or Iraq?
A blonde’s colleague complains that her desk is really messy “A messy desk is a sign of a messy mind” he asserts.  “and your desk is really empty.” says the blonde.
A blonde, a brunette ad a redhead are challenged to walk from the west coast of the US to the east The redhead is first and runs a quarter of the way before tiring out and walking back.  The brunette is next, she makes it a third of the way there, but again tires and walks back.   The blonde was next, and so she took off and after making it halfway, tired out and walked back.
Surprise! A blonde joke! A brunette, a ginger, and a blonde are all running from the police. They come across a barn and decide it’s the best place to hide. Once inside, they find a few empty burlap sacks. The police arrive after just a few minutes. Their dogs quickly move the officers towards the burlap sacks where these convicts are hiding.   The dog sniffs the sack where the ginger is hiding and he starts making small squeaks. The officer moves on saying, “it’s just a sack of barn mice.”  The dog sniffs the sack where the brunette is hiding and she starts meowing. The officer moves on saying, “just a sack of kittens.”  The dog sniffs at the bag where the blonde is hiding. The blonde quickly shouts, “Potatoes!”
A Blonde gets a job as a handy-woman A blonde, wanting to earn some extra money, decided to hire herself out as a "handy-woman" and started canvassing a nearby well-to-do neighborhood. She went to the front door of the first house, and asked the owner if he had any odd jobs for her to do.  "Well, I guess I could use somebody to paint my porch," "How much will you charge me?" he asks.  The blonde quickly responded, "How about $50?"  The man agreed and told her that the paint and everything she would need were in the garage. The man's wife, hearing the conversation, said to her husband,  "Does she realize that our porch goes all the way around the house?"  He responded, "That's a bit cynical, isn't it?"  The wife replied, "You're right. I guess I'm starting to believe all those 'dumb blonde' jokes we've been binge reading on /r/jokes lately."  A short time later, the blonde came to the door to collect her money.  "You're finished already?" the husband asked.  "Yes," the blonde replied, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats."  Impressed, the man reached into his pocket for the $50.00 and handed it to her.  "And by the way," the blonde added, "it's not a Porch, it's a Bentley."
A blonde went to the appliance store sale and found a bargain. "I would like to buy this TV," she told the salesman. "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes," he replied.  The blonde was very angry about this. She hurried home and dyed her hair, then came back and again told the salesman, "I would like to buy this TV."  "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes," he replied.  The blonde did not know how the salesman had recognized her. This time, she got a haircut and new color, a new outfit and big sunglasses. She then waited a few days before she approached the salesman.  "I would like to buy this TV."  "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes," he replied.  Frustrated, she exclaimed, "How do you know I'm a blonde?"  "Because that's a microwave," he replied.
A redhead, brunette and a blonde walk into a bar. They were having a chat when the bartender asked them about thier opinions on elements.  The redhead says,"I love gold because I can buy a lot of cars with it."  The brunette says,"I would prefer platinum because it is more valuable than gold and can buy you more cars."  The blonde says,"I have 2 bags of silicon and you should see the cars outside my house.''  [It is my first time writing a joke. All my previous jokes were Ctrl+C Ctrl+V. So don't go mad at me.]
What do you do when you see a blonde charging her phone. You ask her to turn on the switch.
So my friend had a threesome last night, and was telling her blonde friend about it My friend says, “I slept with two Brazilian men last night.”  Her friend asks, “Wait... how many zeroes are there in a Brazilian?”
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead were waiting for an elevator.  On the floor, next to the elevator door, was a tiny puddle of milky liquid.  The brunette notices it first and says, "Oh my God, that looks like semen."  The redhead bends down and sniffs, "Oh my god, this smells like semen."  The blonde gets down on one knee, dips her finger in it, and sticks the finger in her mouth to taste it and blurts out, "It's not anybody from our building."
Blonde at the Post Office I  was at the Post Office, when I see a blonde woman shouting into an envelope.  I asked "*what are you doing!?*"  The blonde replied "*I'm sending a voice mail*"
What should you do if a blonde throws a pin at you? Run, there's a live grenade in her mouth.
Blonde Phone Sex Q: Why was the blonde afraid to have phone sex?  A: Because the condom wouldn't fit over the phone.
A blonde girl decides to do a puzzle..... ...so she grabs the puzzle and pours out all the pieces and tries to put it together. After a while she gets frustrated and calls her boyfriend. He asks her what is wrong and she tells him about the trouble she is having with the puzzle. He tells her to look at the picture on the front and tell him what it looks like. The blonde says, Okay, well, the background is blue and there is a tiger on it.  After a long pause her boyfriend sighs and says, Honey, put the cornflakes back in the box.  
A flight is on its way to Sydney when a blonde in economy class gets up, and moves to the first class section and sits down The flight attendant watches her do this, and asks to see her ticket.  She then tells the blonde that she paid for economy class, and that she will have to sit in the back.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”.  The flight attendant goes into the cockpit and tells the pilot and the co-pilot that there is a blonde bimbo sitting in first class, that belongs in economy, and won’t move back to her seat.  The co-pilot goes back to the blonde and tries to explain that because she only paid for economy she will have to leave and return to her seat.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”.  The co-pilot tells the pilot that he probably should have the police waiting when they land to arrest this blonde woman who won’t listen to reason.  The pilot says, “You say she is a blonde? I’ll handle this, I’m married to a blonde. I speak blonde”.  He goes back to the blonde and whispers in her ear, and she says,  “Oh, I’m sorry” and gets up and goes back to her seat in economy.  The flight attendant and co-pilot are amazed and asked him what he said to make her move without any fuss.  I told her, “First class isn’t going to Sydney “
My blond friend once used “GokuBatmanHulkPikachuBakugouLucinaMulanAangBangkok” as his e-mail password. He said that his password needed 8 Characters with 1 Capital.
I’m Blonde, I’m beautiful, and I’m going to New York There was a woman on a flight to New York, her ticket was for coach but she was in first class. A member of the cabin crew had realised that her ticket was for coach, so he goes up to the woman and kindly asks her to move to her correct seat, she responds with “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, and I’m going to New York. Another member of the cabin crew asks her kindly to move, again she responds with the same thing, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, and I’m going to New York. Eventually after every member of the cabin crew had kindly asked her to move they decided to go to the captain for help. The captain goes into first class and then the woman walks out and goes to her correct seat, all the cabin crew members surprisingly asks how he got her to go to her correct seat, the captain responds with “ I just told her first class wasn’t going to New York”.
A blonde, brunette, and red-head are all on the run from the cops.. They find an abandoned potato factory and each hide inside an empty sack. The cops enter the building and finally get to the sacks. A cop kicks the first sack and the brunette starts meowing like a cat. The captain says, "Leave it! We don't need some cat clawing at us". They kick the second sack, and the red-head starts barking like a dog. Again the captain shouts, "Don't! Leave it be. We don't need some dog out here biting our ankles". They get to the third sack and kick it. The blonde says, "Potatoes!"
Why did the blonde use an entire bottle of shampoo during one shower? She was just following the directions:  ... Rinse and repeat  ... Rinse and repeat  ... Rinse and repeat  ... Rinse and repeat  ... Rinse and repeat
An Englishman, a Frenchman, an Irishman and a blonde are traveling in the sam department on a train At one point there is a fart and the Englishman blushes and apologizes to the rest of them. After a while there's another fart and now the Frenchmen blushes and apologizes. Some time passes and the Irishman stands up, goes out of the department, and as he's leaving says to the Enlishman: - I'm going to get something to drink. If the blonde farts again tell the others it was me and that I apologize.
What's the difference between a female and a male blonde? The female has a higher sperm count.
How does a blonde turn on the lights after sex? She opens the car door
As a wise blonde once said, "There are 3 types of people on this planet," "dreamers and go-getters."
[NSFW] A blonde was at the movie theater. She asked if they had legally blonde. They said yes, but only in 3d.  "Two D is fine," she said. "I tend to gag if there are three D's"
Why did the blonde snort all the NutraSweet? She thought it was diet Coke. 
Betting with a blonde Bob walked into his favorite sports bar around 9:58 PM. He sat down next to a blonde at the bar and stared up at the TV.  The 10 PM news was coming on. The news crew was covering the story of a man on the ledge of a large building preparing to jump. The blonde looked at Bob and said, "Do you think he'll jump?"  Bob said, "You know, I bet he'll jump."  The blonde replied, "Well, I bet he won't."  Bob placed a $20 bill on the bar and said, "You're on!"  Just as the blonde placed her money on the bar the guy on the ledge did a swan dive off the building, falling to his death. The blonde was very upset, but willingly handed her $20 to Bob. "Fair's fair.” she said, “Here's your money."  Bob replied, "I can't take your money. I saw this earlier on the 5 PM news, so I knew he would jump."  The blonde replied, "I did, too, but I didn't think he'd do it again."   
A blonde girls sits in a business seat in a plane flying from Washington to New York... After the owner of the seat complained to the stewardess she was asked to take a seat in her own place, but she simply said "I am young, beautiful, blonde and I will not move!". So then the first officer comes and explains she has to move because she didn't buy that seat, and again she says "I am young, beautiful, blonde and I will not move!". Then the captain goes to her, speaks to her and she calmly leaves and goes to her seat. So the first officer asks him: what the hell did you say to her? The captain says: I just told her that first class doesn't go to New York!
Why was the blonde snorting Sweet and Low? She thought it was diet coke. 
What’s the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? When you slap the mosquito it stops sucking. 
A brunette, redhead, and blonde got sentenced to execution in front of a firing squad. The brunette was dragged, kicking and screaming, to the wall and blindfolded. In desperation, she screamed "TORNADO!". The soldiers, caught by surprise, dropped their guns and covered their heads. The brunette tore off her blindfold and bolted to freedom out of the encampment.  By and by, the commander brought the troops back to order, and had the redhead brought before the firing squad. The redhead had observed the brunette's strategy, and being no fool yelled "FLOOD!" at the precise moment the soldiers were ordered to take aim. In the ensuing confusion, the redhead made her escape by vaulting over the encampment wall.  Frustrated, the commander sternly admonished his troops to keep their heads, and ordered the blonde to be brought before them. The blonde had observed her comrades' clever ruses, and, in an attempt to emulate them, at just the right moment, yelled "EARTHQUAKE!", and totally ruined the joke.  Pff. Blondes. 
A blonde gets pulled over... By a blonde police officer.  "Sorry but you're speeding so I'll need license and registration"  The blonde in the car starts looking through her purse. "I can't find my license, what does it look like?"  "It's a small little rectangle with your face on it" the officer replies.  The blonde find a mirror and looks at it. "Found it! A little rectangle with my face!" And hands it to the officer.  Stunned the blonde officer stares at the mirror in her hand. "Why didn't you just tell me you're also an officer? Don't worry about the ticket, officers stick together." 
How does a blonde delete words on her computer? She uses white out.
A blonde, burnett, and a redhead are all stranded together in a desert when suddenly, a genie magically appears and grants each lady one wish. The burnett tells the genie, "I wish I was back at home with my family" and she is instantly teleported back to her house. Next, The redhead tells the genie, "I too wish to be back home as well" and she too is teleported back to her house. The blonde then realizes that she is all alone in the desert without her only two friends and begins to cry. She then mutters, "I wish my friends were still here"
Sometimes for fun, I like to put on a blonde wig with red lipstick and chase my friends with my pants around my ankles. I usually stop before it gets weird though.
Why was the American blonde woman stabbing a ruler? Someone told her to kill-a-meter.
Blonde logic... A man walks into a sports bar. He sits down next to this blonde at the bar and stares up at the TV as the 10:00 news comes on. The news crew was covering a story of a man on a ledge of a large building preparing to jump.    The blonde looks over and says “Do you think he'll jump?"   The guy says, "You know what, I bet he will."  The blonde replies, "Well, I bet he won't."  The fella puts $50 on the bar and says “You're on!"    Just as the blonde places her money on the bar, the guy on the ledge dives off of the building, falling to his death.  The blonde was very upset and hands her $50 to the guy saying, "Fair's fair... Here's your money."   He replies, “I can't take your money, I saw this earlier on the 5 o'clock news and knew he would jump."    The blonde says, "I did too;  but I didn't think he'd do it again!”
Jack and the blonde Jack, a handsome man, walked into a sports bar around 9:58 pm.  He sat down next to this blonde at the bar and stared up at the TV as the 10:00 news came on. The news crew was covering a story of a man on a ledge of a large building preparing to jump.    The blonde looked at Jack and said,  "Do you think he'll jump?"   Jack says, "You know what, I bet he will."  The blonde replied, "Well, I bet he won't."  Jack placed $30 on the bar and said, "You're on!"    Just as the blonde placed her money on the bar, the guy did a swan dive off of the building, falling to his death.  The blonde was very upset and handed her $30 to Jack, saying, "Fair's fair... Here's your money."   Jack replied, "I can't take your money, I saw this earlier on the 5 o'clock news and knew he would jump."    The blonde replies, "I did too;  but I didn't think he'd do it again."
A blond is at her doctors for her regular check-up. They get to the part about her sexual history, and the doctor looks up from his clip board "Mam have you ever had crabs" The blonde looks at him shocked and responds "you know I'm allergic to shellfish."
...blonde working in a ranch. * **blonde:** I don't like the *coworkers*!
The Ultimate Blonde Joke A blonde is speeding and is pulled over by a blonde woman cop. The cop asks the driver for her license and she says 'What's that?'  The cop says, "You know - it's that squarish thingy with your picture on it".  The driver digs in her purse, finds a small mirror, looks in it and then hands it to the cop.  The cop looks at it, gives it back and says, "OK, you can go. I didn't know you were a cop".
A blonde shows up to a bar where two of her lovers are drinking together and telling sex stories. The guys think they're dating different chicks and don't see her come in. She sneaks over to a table by the jukebox and listens to their conversation.   "It was straight up the most enthusiastic BJ ever," the first guy says. "It was like she was trying to break the bob a knob speed record. And she literally had no gag reflex bro."  The second guy says, "My girl's the same way! She deep-throated so hard my balls were using her tongue as a pillow!"   "No shit," says the bartender, twirling his mustache thoughtfully. "It's almost like it's the same girl."   He nods in their general direction and asks, "What's her name?"   "Britney," they blurt out in unison.   They glare at each other just long enough to wonder whose dick was there first; then, without another word, they start punching each other.  Britney witnesses all of this and doesn't understand why they're fighting.   It was over her head.
A man comes home one night to find his blonde wife reading his personal journal. “I can explain everything,” he begins. She interrupts him midsentence and exclaims, “You’re darn right you’ve got some explaining to do, and you can start with telling me who April, May, and June are!”
Once, a blonde visits a bar...... .........she orders a drink and waits, she spots two guys betting with dice. She goes there to check it out. They were simply calling out a number and rolling a dice, if it landed on the said number, they won. She was interested, and asked if she could get a try at it. Both men agreed. The blonde bet 100$, the men, thinking about their ego, dropped 500$ each. The blonde called out five, rolled the dice, and quickly unzipped her hoodie and zipped it back up, which was the only thing she had on. She suddenly shouted, "I Won!" Took the dice, tossed it to one of the men, took the money and went to get her drink. The first dude asked, "Did you see the number on the dice?" The other replied, " I thought you were looking."
A blonde police officer pulls over a blonde The police officer asks the blonde, "Can I see you license and registration, please?". The blonde then asked, "What is that?", the police officer says, "That thing with your face on it", the blonde then pulls a mirror out of her purse, and hands it to the police officer. The police officer then says, "Oh, my bad, if I knew you were a police officer I wouldn't have pulled you over."
What’s a blond with 2 brain cells ? Pregnant. 
Blonde patient went to the doctor Patient. Everywhere I touch it hurts.   Doctor. You have a broken finger. 
A blonde mom is cooking dinner when her blonde daughter walks in The daughter asks, "Mom, why do people think we blondes are stupid?"  Her mother replies, "I'll show you", and taps hard on the kitchen counter.  Somewhat confused, the blonde daughter says, "Someone's at the door!".  The blonde mother laughs. "This is why people think we're stupid. Now watch over the stove for me while I answer the door."
What happens when you put a flashlight to a blonde's ear? Her eyes shine.
A Blonde was driving down an old country road when she spots another Blonde... ... in a wheat field rowing a boat. She pulls over to the side of the road and stops the car. Staring in disbelief she stands at the side of the road to watch the girl for a while.  When she could not stand it any more she called out to the Blonde in the field. "Why are you rowing a boat in the middle of the field?"  The Blonde in the field stops rowing and responds, "Because it is an ocean of wheat."  The Blonde standing on the side of the road is furious. She yells at the Blonde in the field. "It is dumb Blondes like you that give the rest of us a bad name."  The Blonde in the field just shrugged her shoulders and began rowing again.  The Blonde on the side of the road was beside herself and shook her fist at Blonde in the field yelling, "If I could swim, I would come out there and beat you up!"
A blonde once told me she didn't like my blonde joke. So I explained it to her again slowly.
Two Blonde Scientists were having a chat (No, the joke does not end here).....      B1: "Did you hear that Stephen Hawking died last week?"   B2: "No, I didn’t know that. How did he die?"   B1: "Duh, he lost his WiFi connection."  Edit: Formatting
A blonde and her husband are watching the news.... News: Two Brazilian men died while skydiving cause their parachutes didn't open.   The blonde bursts into tears.   Husband: (comforting her). I know it's sad, but people need to know there's a risk while sky diving.    Blonde: But, that's a lot of people, how many is a Brazilian.  
How did the blonde die from raking leaves? She fell out of the tree
What's the mating call of a blond? "Oh, I'm *so* drunk!"    What's the mating call of a brunette?  "Are all of the blonds gone?"    What's the mating call of a ginger?  "Next!"
Dumb blonde A dumb blonde calls the fire department because her home is on fire.  "Help me, help me!  My house is on fire!" she says.  "Ok, how do we get to your home".  replies the dispatcher.  "DUH!  Big red truck!"
Why did the blonde student have sex with a Mexican? Her Professor told her to "Do an essay".
A blonde walks into Starbucks A blonde walks into Starbucks one morning and orders a coffee and a breakfast sandwich.  She receives her breakfast sandwich from the Barista, finds a table and sits down to eat.  While she's eating her breakfast she notices that there is a peel and win game piece on the side of her coffee cup.  She pulls the game piece off, reads it and immediately starts screaming and shouting "OH my god - I won a motor home!  I won a motor home!"  at the top of her lungs. The manager hears her and yells over to her "Ma'am - you need to calm down!" The blonde calls back (still screaming and dancing) "but I won a motor home!  I won a motor home!" The manager responds "but ma'am, that's not even one of the prizes!" "oh yes it is - it says so right here!" So the manager comes out from behind the counter, walks over to the blonde, picks up the game piece and reads it "WIN A BAGEL"
Why did the blonde go through a hole bottle of shampoo while taking a shower? The directions said lather,rinse,repeat.
How does a blonde's brain cells die? Alone
A rich 85 year old man married a 25 year old blond bombshell On their wedding night the blond thought to herself, "I'll make love to him so hard he'll have a heart attack, die and I'll inherit all his money."  The old man said he was going to into the bathroom to prepare. While he was gone the blond readied herself sitting on the bed arranging the nightie.  The old guy was taking so long the bride started to worry but just as she was going to knock on the door it opened. The old man was wearing nothing but ear plugs, nose plugs and a condom. "What the hell are you wearing all that stuff for?" she asked.  "Well, said the old man, If I've learned anything in my 85 years it's that I hate the sound of screaming women and the smell of burning rubber!"
A Blonde And A Redhead... A blonde and a redhead have a ranch. They have just lost their bull. The women need to buy another, but only have $500. The redhead tells the blonde, “I will go to the market and see if I can find one for under that amount. If I can, I will send you a telegram.” She goes to the market and finds one for $499. Having only one dollar left, she goes to the telegraph office and finds out that it costs one dollar per word. She is stumped on how to tell the blonde to bring the truck and trailer. Finally, she tells the telegraph operator to send the word “comfortable.” Skeptical, the operator asks, “How will she know to come with the trailer from just that word?” The redhead replies, “She’s a blonde so she reads slow: ‘Come for ta bull.'”
A blonde drops her dress off at the dry cleaners. "Thank you" said the assistant "come again" "No" said the blonde "it's toothpaste this time"
A ventriloquist is on stage telling a dumb blonde joke... ...when a platinum-haired beauty jumps to her feet. “What gives you the right to stereotype blondes that way?” she demands. “What does hair colour have to do with my worth as a human being?” Flustered, the ventriloquist begins to stammer out an apology.  “You keep out of this!” she yells. “I’m talking to that little jerk on your knee!”
A blonde and a redhead have a ranch. They have just lost their bull. The women need to buy another, but only have $500. The redhead tells the blonde, "I will go to the market and see if I can find one for under that amount. If I can, I will send you a telegram." She goes to the market and finds one for $499. Having only one dollar left, she goes to the telegraph office and finds out that it costs one dollar per word. She is stumped on how to tell the blonde to bring the truck and trailer. Finally, she tells the telegraph operator to send the word "comfortable." Skeptical, the operator asks, "How will she know to come with the trailer from just that word?" The redhead replies, "She's a blonde so she reads slow: 'Come for ta bull.'"
Why did the blonde's belly button hurt? Her blond boyfriend wasn't too bright, either.
So this blonde girl was playing in a casino, and put a quarter in a machine... ... and she gets nothing.  She put a second quarter in, she gets nothing again.  She put a third quarter in the same machine, still nothing.  She decided to give that machine one last go before she goes to another machine. She puts the quarter in, press the button, and yell: **''Yes, I won a Pepsi!!!''**
A blonde is doing a crossword puzzle... "What's a 7-letter word for 'easily perceived or understood' that starts with 'O'?"  "Isn't it obvious?"  "It should be, but I can't figure it out. That's why I'm asking."
My blonde friend Charlene phones me up to ask for help with her jigsaw puzzle I said "Surely, you can manage a simple jigsaw puzzle without needing help?" She said "No honesty, it's really hard. The pieces are quite similar. I've been working on it night and day for a week and I've got nowhere" I said "what's the picture of?" "She said "It's a cartoon chicken." I said "Well that doesn't sound like it could be that difficult." She said "Are you coming over to help me or not?" I said "Okay, I'll be there within the hour" I caught a train and then a taxi. Finally I buzz her apartment. She answers and lets me up. I take the elevator up. I walk up to her apartment, she's already there with the door open.  "Follow me" she says and leads me to her dinning room table. "Well Mister clever clogs? Now you try and finish the jigsaw puzzle." I say "Charlene put the box of Kellogg's cornflakes down"
Blonde girl in a car crash. Says to the paramedic, I think I have concussion! Paramedic asks,  "How many fingers have I got up?" Blonde replies,  "Oh god my Pussy's paralysed too!"
The Blonde Mortician     A man who just died is taken to the local mortuary. He is wearing an very expensive and high quality tailored blue suit.  The mortician is a blonde female and she asks the wife of the deceased man wife how she would like the body to be dressed.  The motician says that the man does look very distinguished in the blue suit he is already wearing.  His widow, however, says that she always preferred her husband in black, and that she would like him in a black suit.  She gives the Blonde mortician a signed, blank cheque and says, ‘Spend whatever you need no matter what the cost, but please have my husband in a well tailored black suit for the viewing.’  The woman returns the next day for the viewing and to her delight, her husband dressed in a fabulous black suit. The suit fits him as if it were tailor made.  She says to the mortician, ‘You have done a magnificent job and I’m very pleased and grateful. How much did the suit cost?’  To her amazement, the blonde mortician gives her back the blank cheque.  ‘There’s no charge,’ she says.  ‘No, really, I must repay you for the cost of that exquisite black suit!’ she says.  ‘Honestly, ma’am,’ the blonde says, ‘it cost me nothing. You see, a deceased gentleman of about your husband’s size was brought in yesterday shortly after you left, he was dressed in a very attractive black suit. I asked his wife if she minded him going to his grave wearing a beautifully tailored blue suit instead, and she said it did not make any difference as long as he looked good…  So I just swapped their heads.
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are stuck on an island... One day, the three of them are walking along the beach and discover a magic lamp.   They rub and rub, and sure enough, out pops a genie.   The genie says, "Since I can only grant three wishes, you may each have one."   The brunette says, "I've been stuck here for years. I miss my family, my husband, and my life.  I just want to go home." POOF!   The brunette gets her wish and she is returned to her family.  Then, the red head says, "I've been stuck here for years as well. I miss my family, my husband, and my life.   I wish I could go home too." POOF!   The redhead gets her wish and she is returned to her family.   The blonde starts crying uncontrollably.   The genie asks, "My dear, what's the matter?"   The blonde whimpers, "I wish my friends were still here."
What's the difference between a mosquito and a blonde? A mosquito stops sucking when you smack it.
A blond woman walks into a police station. She tells a police officer, "I need help! A man stole my car!"  "Did you see what he looked like?", the police officer asks.  "No, but I got the license plate number!"
A blonde goes to the doctor. So the blonde says to the doctor,"I just hurt all over all the time recently."  The doctor replies, " well show me specifically where it hurts."  The blonde then proceeded to poke her head, neck, shoulder, chest, and legs, while saying "all of these places." The doctor gently grabs her hand and examines her finger and says "yup it's broken."
A blonde walked into a shoe shop and saw a pair of shoes made from alligator skin...   A blonde walked into a shoe shop and saw a pair of shoes made from alligator skin that she liked.  She asked the store manager: “How much for these shoes?”  He replied: “$300”  The blonde: “That’s too expensive! Can’t you bring the price down?”  The store manager said he couldn’t,and got irritated when the blonde persisted.  Finally, after arguing with her for awhile he said: "There's a pond with alligators behind the store! Why don't you kill an alligator and get your alligator shoes free?!"   The blonde replied: “Fine. I will.”   After two hours, the manager got a bit worried that the blonde might have come to harm with the alligators. He decided to go out and check on her.  When he arrived at the pond, he saw the blonde lugging a dead alligator and flinging it on the ground next to 7 other dead ones.  Before he could ask what she was doing, she wailed “Oh my gosh! This one doesn’t have any shoes either!” 
A Blonde Woman Asks For A $5000 Loan A blonde woman walks into a bank in NYC before going on vacation and asks for a $5,000 loan.  The banker asks, "Okay, miss, is there anything you would like to use as collateral?"  The woman says, "Yes, of course. I'll use my Rolls Royce."  The banker, stunned, asks, "A $250,000 Rolls Royce? Really?"  The woman is completely positive. She hands over the keys, as the bankers and loan officers laugh at her. They check her credentials, make sure she is the title owner. Everything checks out. They park it in their underground garage for two weeks.  When she comes back, she pays off the $5,000 loan as well as the $15.41 interest.  The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very appreciative of your business with us, but I have one question. We looked you up and found out that you are a multi-millionaire. Why would you want to borrow $5,000?"  The woman replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
Blonde joke A redhead, a brunette and a blonde are stuck on a desert island.  They know the nearest coast is 50 miles away.  The redhead swims 30 miles but gets tired and drowns.  The brunette swims 45 miles but gets tired and drowns.  The blonde swims 40 miles, gets tired and swims back to the island. 
How can you tell a Blonde has been using your computer? There's Whiteout on the screen.  How can you tell a second blond was using it?  There's writing on the whiteout. 
A blonde says: "I'll be the first to go to the sun" Her friend says: "Isn't that scorching hot?"   The blonde says: "I'll go in the night".
Why was the blonde's bellybutton bruised? Her husband was a blonde, too.
What is the difference between Bigfoot and an intelligent blonde? There have actually been sightings of Bigfoot.
Dead Blonde What do you call a dead Blonde in a closet?  1987 hide-n-go-seek champion.
A young blonde woman  A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''
My blonde wife is staunchly opposed to my kids having a vacation. She’s convinced they cause autism.
The blonde and the crocodile. Steve Irwin walks into a bar with his pet crocodile by his side. He puts the croc up on the bar. He then turns to the astonished patrons and says: "I'll make you a deal. I'll open this croc's mouth and place my genitalia inside. Then the croc will close his mouth for one minute. Then he'll open his mouth and I'll remove my genitalia unscathed. In return for witnessing this spectacle, each of you will buy me a drink."  The crowd murmured in unanimous approval. Steve stood up on the bar, dropped his trousers, and placed his privates in the crocodile's open mouth. The croc closed his mouth as the crowd gasped. After a minute, Irwin grabbed a beer bottle and smacked the croc hard on the top of its head.  The croc opened his mouth and he removed his genitals unscathed as promised.  The crowd cheered and the first of his free drinks were delivered. Steve stood up again and made another offer. "I'll pay anyone $100 who's willing to give it a try."  A hush fell over the crowd. After a while, a hand went up in the back of the bar.  A blonde woman timidly spoke up...  "I'll try it! Just don't hit me so hard with the beer bottle."
A Blonde woman had a christmas fantasy She had a dream of doing santa claus, and so in the 24th she got all dressed up with lingerie, and put some perfume as well, by the time Santa was there, she asked if he wanted something "special", he replied "thank you, but I must deliever other presents".Not convinced, she took off her panties and repeated the question, he declined. Then she decided to take off her full clothing and grabbing santa claus. She repeated the question, santa claus though for a while and said:  "Well, now if we don't do it, I won't be able to fit the chimney"
Some friends and I were making some blond jokes, until my daughter arrived. She said “Daddy, I cant believe you. You know those are all stereo systems.”  edit: if there’s anyone looking at this post retroactively for whatever reason I don’t actually have a daughter lol 
A blonde walks into a bar. She hurt her nose.
Blonde Redemption There's a blonde woman stood on the roof of her car in the middle of a field. -Help me! I'm going to drown! I can't swim and it's sinking! Another blonde woman pulls up in a fancy sports car wearing a suit and screams: +It's you stupid blondes that give us all a bad name! Now if I could swim, I'd go over there and kick your ass!
A blonde is like a hammer Not the sharpest tool in the shed
The Blonde Mortician A man who'd just died is delivered to a local mortuary wearing an expensive, expertly tailored black suit.   The female blonde mortician asks the deceased's wife how she would like the body dressed. She points out that the man does look good in the black suit he is already wearing.   The widow, however, says that she always thought her husband looked his best in blue, and that she wants him in a blue suit. She gives the Blonde mortician a blank check and says, 'I don't care what it costs, but please have my husband in a blue suit for the viewing.'   The widow returns the next day for the wake. To her delight, she finds her husband dressed in a gorgeous blue suit with a subtle chalk stripe; the suit fits him perfectly...   She says to the mortician, 'Whatever this cost, I'm very satisfied... You did an excellent job and I'm very grateful. How much did you spend?'   To her astonishment, the blonde mortician presents her with the blank check.   'There's no charge,' she says.   'No, really, I must compensate you for the cost of that exquisite blue suit!' she says.   'Honestly, ma'am,' the blonde says, 'it cost nothing. You see, a deceased gentleman of about your husband's size was brought in shortly after you left yesterday, and he was wearing an attractive blue suit. I asked his wife if she minded him going to his grave wearing a black suit instead, and she said it made no difference as long as he looked nice.'   'So I just switched the heads.' 
How do you kill a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff at the bottom of the pool.
Did you hear about the blonde who..... Took her new scarf back to the store because it was too tight.
I dated a blonde girl who wanted to have kids, I gave her two chances, and she blew both of them.
A blonde calls her mom... Blonde: "Mom mom!! I'm a genius!"  Mother: "Really dear? How's that possible?"  Blonde: "I finished a puzzle that I've been working on for 1 year and on the box it said 'for 2-5 yrs'."
An intelligent young blonde women was having a conversation with a friend at work and overheard some men telling a blonde joke... Upon hearing the punchline she instantly went to her supervisor to complain.  He told her not to worry, that it was just light hearted fun and for her to get back to work, lest she miss this months sales quota.  Feeling rather upset with the way blonde women are portrayed as stupid or mindless sets of tits and ass, she decided to take a long drive to clear her head.  On the drive she spotted a huge cloud of dust in the distance.  When she was within eye sight of the cause of the dust, she was able to see a blonde woman in a row boat, in the middle of a field of dirt.  The woman in the boat was rowing so hard the cloud of dust surrounding her was 20' high and she was sweating profusely, but seemed determined to row the boat.  The lady stopped her car, unable to ignore how stupid the blonde women in the boat appeared and she walked up to the edge of the field and yelled -  "You know what?! You make me sick! It's because of blonde women like you that give the rest of us women a bad rep!! I can't believe how stupid you are! And if I knew how to swim, I would swim our there and kick your ass!!!!"
Two blond guys were working for the city works department. One would dig a hole and the other would follow behind him and fill the hole.   They worked up one side of the street, then down the other, then moved on to the next street, working furiously all day without rest, one guy digging a hole, the other guy filling it in again.   An onlooker was amazed at their hard work, but couldn't understand what they were doing.   So he asked the hole digger, "I'm impressed by the effort you two are putting into your work, but I don't get it why do you dig a hole, only to have your partner follow behind and fill it up again?"   The hole digger wiped his brow and sighed, "Well, I suppose it probably looks odd because we're normally a three-man team. But today the guy who plants the trees called in sick."
A Brunette, a redhead, and a Blond are at the edge of a cliff . . . A voice tells them, If you jump off this cliff over the water, I will grant you one wish. So the first brunette steps up and jumps off the cliff; While falling she yells, "I want to be a butterfly!" and suddenly she's a butterfly flying away. The redhead then takes a running leap off the cliff yelling, "I want to be a dolphin!" as she gracefully dives into the water and swims away. The blond runs up, but jut before she jumps, she trips on a rock and falls down the cliff and yells, "OH SHIT!" as she plops down into the water.
An officer pulls over a speeding blonde woman After she rolls down her window, he asks her to take out her license.        She angrily exclaims "Yesterday you guys took away my license and now you expect me to have it on me?"
Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit their family ranch. Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble.  In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull so that they can breed their own stock.  The brunette balances their checkbook, then takes their last $600 dollars out west to another ranch where a man has a prize bull for sale. Upon leaving, she tells her sister, "When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home."  The brunette arrives at the man’s ranch, inspects the bull, and decides she does want to buy it. The man tells her that he can sell it for $599, no less.  After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news.   She walks into the telegraph office, and says, "I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pick-up truck and drive out here so we can haul it home."  The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, "It’s just 51 cents a word."  Well, with only $1 left after paying for the bull, the brunette realizes that she’ll only be able to send her sister one word.  After thinking for a few minutes, she nods, and says, “I want you to send her the word, 'comfortable.'”  The telegraph operator shakes his head. "How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pick-up truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her the word, 'comfortable'?" The brunette explains, "My sister’s blonde. She’ll read it slow."
What's the difference between a blonde and a trampoline?  Most guys would take off their shoes before jumping on a trampoline 
What do you do if a blonde girl throws a grenade at you? You remove the pin then throw it back at her.
A blonde joke A blonde gets an opportunity to fly to a nearby country. She has never been on an airplane anywhere and was very excited and tense. As soon as she boarded the plane, a Boeing-747, she started jumping in excitement, running over seat to seat and starts shouting, "BOEING! BOEING!! BOEING!!! BO....." She sort of forgets where she is, even the pilot in the cock-pit hears the noise. Annoyed by the goings on, the Pilot comes out and shouts "BE SILENT!" There was pin-drop silence everywhere and everybody is looking at the blonde and the angry Pilot. She stared at the pilot in silence for a moment, concentrated really hard, and all of a sudden started shouting,"OEING! OEING! OEING! OE...."
How do you make a blonde go crazy? Put her in a round room and tell her to stand in a corner!
Another Blonde Joke A blonde, an American, and a Russian are in a bar, bragging about why they're better. The Russian says, "We were the first into space!" The American says, "We were the first on the moon!" The blonde says,"Well we're going to be the first on the sun!"  The American says,"You know you can't do that, right? You'll burn up before you get there." The blonde says,"Well we're not dumb! We're going to go at night!"
Why does the blonde have a sore belly button? Because there are blonde men too.
A blonde is overweight, so her doctor puts her on a diet. "I want you to eat regularly for two days, then skip a day, and repeat the procedure for two weeks. The next time I see you, you'll have lost at least five pounds."   When the blonde returns, she's lost nearly 20 pounds. "Why, that's amazing!" the doctor says. "Did you follow my instructions?"   The blonde nods. "I'll tell you, though, I thought I was going to drop dead that third day."   "From hunger, you mean?" said the doctor.   "No, from skipping," replied the blonde.
A blonde is driving in her car and turns on the radio.. It says that two Brazilian men were killed. She stats crying and says, "How many is a brazilian?"
How do you tell the difference between a blonde man and blonde woman? The woman will have a higher sperm count.
A Blonde and a Horse The assistant to the CEO of Tesla is in poor health and must resign. The CEO promptly walks outside and hires the first blonde woman he sees to be his new assistant.  The next day, the CEO (on a whim) no longer feels like driving the shitty, overpriced electric car that his own company makes. So, he calls his assistant in, gives her his credit card information, and asks her to buy a Lamborghini. "Sorry," she replies. "I have no idea what that is." Frustrated, he asks her to buy a Ferrari. She again responds, "I have no clue what you're talking about." Exasperated, he asks her to get him a Mustang. "That I can do," she says.  The next day, she calls the CEO and tells him that the Mustang was delivered right to his office. "My office?" he responds. "Why the hell would you put my Mustang in my office?" So, he storms into Tesla headquarters, marches straight up to his office and sees an ACTUAL mustang staring back at him.  In the room next door, the blonde opens the daily newspaper. The front headline reads "prized mustang missing from the Palo Alto ranch" "Huh," she wonders. "I wonder how on earth that could have happened." Meanwhile. screams and neighs can be heard from her boss's office. She thinks, oh, "he must really be enjoying his new Mustang."  Next door, Musk was getting the shit pulverized out of him by the mustang's hooves. As he lay there, helpless, the only thing he could think of was how happy he was that he hadn't asked her to get him a Jaguar.
What’s the difference between a mosquito and a blond? The mosquito stops sucking after you slap it
An airline captain was breaking in a new blonde stewardess.    An airline captain was breaking in a new blonde stewardess. The route they were flying had a layover in another city. Upon their arrival, the captain showed the stewardess the best place for airline personnel to eat, shop and stay overnight.  The next morning, as the pilot was preparing the crew for the day's route, he noticed the new stewardess was missing. He knew which room she was in at the hotel and called her up wondering what happened. She answered the phone, crying, and said she couldn't get out of her room. "You can't get out of your room?" the captain asked, "Why not?"  The stewardess replied: "There are only three doors in here," she sobbed, "one is the bathroom, one is the closet, and one has a sign on it that says 'Do Not Disturb'!"
A blonde walks into the police department looking for a job... #   A blonde walks into the police department looking for a job. The officer wants to ask her a few questions.... Officer: What's 2+2? Blonde: Ummmmm... 4! Officer: What's the square root of 100? Blonde: Ummmm... 10! Officer: Good! Now, who killed Abraham Lincoln? Blonde: Ummmm... I dunno. Officer: Well, you can go home and think about it. Come back tomorrow. The blonde goes home and calls up one of her friends, who asks her if she got the job. The blonde says, excitedly, "Not only did I get the job, I'm already working on a murder case!"
What do you call a dead blonde in a closet? The 1997 Hide n Seek champion.
Why did the blonde put idiotic circular-based pyramids on her breasts? Because it was silly cone.
A blonde walks into a drugstore and asks the pharmacist for some bottom deodorant. The pharmacist, a little bemused, explains to the woman that they don't sell anything called bottom deodorant, and never have.   Unfazed, the blonde assures him that she has been buying the stuff from this store on a regular basis, and would like some more.   "I'm sorry," says the pharmacist, "we don't have any."  "But I always get it here," says the blonde.  "Do you have the container it comes in?"  "Yes!" says the blonde, "I will go and get it."  She returns with the container and hands it to the pharmacist, who looks at it and says to her, "This is just a normal stick of underarm deodorant."  The annoyed blonde snatches the container back and reads out loud from the container: "To apply, push up bottom."
When my blonde girlfriend heard the Russians meddled in 2016, she turned to me and said... "Well I hope they got the bronze."
A blonde is driving down the road She passes by an open field with another blonde right in the middle of it, sitting in a rowboat rowing away. The blonde driving pulls over her car and screams at the other blonde, "You dumbass! It's people like you who give the rest of us blondes a bad name! If I knew how to swim I'd go over there and kick your ass!"  Not original, just sharing an old one I remembered the other day.
A blonde goes to work in tears. She says, "My mom died."    He told her to go home, but she said, "No, I'll be fine."    Later that day, her boss finds her crying again. He says, "What's wrong?"    She replies, "I just talked to my sister, and her mom died, too!" 
Why cant a blonde dial 911? She cant find the eleven.
Why did the blonde travel abroad with her boyfriend to beat him? Cause at that point, it isn't domestic violence anymore.
A blonde was swimming in the river... ...a man went up to her and asked, "Why are you doing this? Blonde said, "I'm washing my clothes. Is there a problem?"   Man said, "Why don't you try a washing machine?   Blonde replied, "but.. I feel dizzy in the washing machine!"
There's this blonde. She gets on a plane and sits in the first available seat.   The flight attendant is coming around checking tickets.   She looks at the blonde woman's ticket and tells the blonde; "ma'am you can't sit here, your ticket says coach and this is first class.   please move to the back of the plane"  The blonde replies "I'm a blonde, I'm smart and have a good job.   I'm not moving until the plane arrives in Jamaica"  So the flight attendant, now hot under the collar at the blonde's response, goes to another flight attendant and tells him what happened.   so he goes up to her and asks her to move to the back of the plane.  She then responds "I'm a blonde, I'm smart and have a good job.   I'm not moving until the plane arrives in Jamaica".  So the two flight attendants are steaming mad and they go to the co-pilot and tells him what is going on.   He comes back to where the blonde is sitting and leans over and whispers something in her ear.  The two flight attendants were astonished when the blonde abruptly got up from her seat and moved to the back of the plane.   They looked at each other and then the co-pilot and asked him what he told her.  The co-pilot, feeling good about himself told them "oh, this happened a while back with someone else.   I just simply told the woman that the front half of the plane wasn't going to Jamaica".
What happens when a blonde shoots at the sky? She misses.
While on a busy freeway, a blonde suddenly stomps on the brakes. “Why’d you do that?” her friend says.   “Didn’t you see the sign? It said BREAK FAST AHEAD”
What happens if a Danish blonde moves to Sweden? The average intelligence of both countries goes up.
Dumb Blonde! There is a brown haired girl, a red haired girl, and a blonde haired girl on top of a building. The brown hair girl jumps off and says “bed” so she lands in a bed and is fine. The red haired girl jumps off the building and says trampoline so she lands in on a trampoline and is fine. Then the blonde hair girl Tripp’s off the building and yells crap. Can you guess what she landed in.
A blonde got a mail. A man was in his front yard mowing grass when his attractive blonde neighbor came out of the house and went straight to the mailbox. She opened it then slammed it shut and stormed back into the house. A little later she came out of her house again, went to the mailbox and again opened it, and slammed it shut again. Angrily, back into the house she went. As the man was getting ready to edge the lawn, she came out again, marched to the mailbox, opened it and then slammed it closed harder than ever. Puzzled by her actions the man asked her, “Is something wrong?” To which she replied, “There certainly is! My stupid computer keeps saying, “You’ve got mail!”
A blonde is caught speeding by a blonde cop. The cop says "Can I see your drivers liscence?" and the blonde replies  "What's that?"  "It's a...umm...you can go."
A blonde walking along the road one day... So a blonde was walking along a road one day, next to a field of grass. She looked out, and there in the middle of a field was a another blonde women, sitting in a  small boat, rowing furiously. The blonde on the road yelled out.  "What the hell are you doing?!"  The blonde in the boat yelled back.  "Trying to get this stupid boat to the other side of this weird green lake!"  Frustrated and angry the blonde on the road screamed at the blonde in the boat.  "You know you stupid bitch. You and blondes like you are why people are always making fun of us. I should come out there and kick your ass! Count yourself lucky I don't know how to swim!"
A blonde walks into a bank.. A blond walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the loan officer. She says she's going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5,000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so the blonde hands over the keys to her Rolls Royce. The car is parked on the street in front of the bank and she has the title and everything checks out. The bank agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. The bank's president and employees have a good laugh at the blonde for using a $250,000 Rolls as collateral against a $5,000 loan. An employee drives the car into the bank's underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later the blonde returns and repays the money along with interest which comes to $15.34. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very well; but we are a little puzzled. We checked and you are a multimillionaire. What puzzles us is - why would you bother to borrow $5,000?" The blonde replies - "Where else in New York City can you park your car for two weeks and pay only $15.34 and expect it to be there when you return?"
What do you call a blonde or brunette who identifies as a red head? Trans-ginger
A blonde is on break from college and needs some spending money... ...so she goes around town knocking on doors looking for work. She comes to a sizeable house in a wealthy neighborhood and knocks. An older gentleman answers.  "Sir, I'm on college break and desperately need some extra money, are there any jobs you might need done around the house?"  The man thought for a moment and said, "I really can't think of anything I could have you do."  The girl pleaded, "Please, i can do anything even if it's just raking leaves."  The man though some more then said, "Oh! You could repaint my brand new porch. It was just done a few months back but I absolutely hate the color, I even have the paint already bought and in the garage. How much would you charge for something like that?"  The girl replied "Oh, 50 dollars should be plenty." The man thinks about how huge his back porch is that wraps around 3 of the 4 side of his house and thinks "This is too good to be true." Then gladly sends her on her job. Only an hour later she returns to the door with paint on her clothes. "All done sir!" She says. The man cannot believe it. "How could you have finished the entire porch in such a short time?!" The girl says "I kept a steady pace, and even managed to put three coats on it before I ran out of paint." The man thanks her and gladly pays her for the work. She takes the money and gets in her car while the guy is walking around the house to see her paint job. She rolls down the window, leans out, and yells "Oh, and by the way, that's not a porch(e)... that's a Lamborghini" and speeds off happy as can be.
Why did the blonde return her water skis? She couldn't find a lake with a slope.
A blonde prostitute calls the police to report that she'd been raped... "When did it happen?" the cop asks.  "Five days ago," the blonde says.  "Five days!" the cop says. "Why did you wait so long to call us!?"  "Well, I didn't know it was rape until the check bounced!"
A brunette, a redhead, and a blonde are trapped in a burning building... They manage to make it to the roof, but the flames are climbing higher. The volunteer fire department arrives and sees them standing up on the roof. So they grab a huge safety blanket and stretch it out between them. "Jump!" one guy yells. "It's the only way to safety! We'll catch you!"  So the brunette steps to the ledge of the building, ready to jump. But at the last moment, three of the guys realize, "Hey! That's my ex-girlfriend Carol! She cheated on me!" So when she jumps, they yank the blanket away and the brunette splatters on the parking lot like a tomato.   The redhead steps up to the ledge. "Jump! Jump!" the guys yell. "It's your only way to safety!" The redhead leans forward and leaps. But at the last second, three other guys realize, "Hey! That's fucking Amanda! The ex girlfriend who cheated on me!" And they yank the blanket away. The redhead splatters on the cement like a watermelon.   The blonde steps up to the ledge. "Jump! Jump!" they yell. "It's the only way to safety!"   "No way!" the blonde replies. "You're just gonna yank the blanket away!"  "They just did that because those two cheated on them. None of us even know you!"  The blonde still doesn't trust them, but the flames are climbing higher, so she yells, "Okay! I still don't believe you, but I have to jump! So just lay the blanket down on the ground and back away!"
Two blondes were walking in the park. One blonde says, "Aw! Look at that puppy with only one eye!" So the other blonde covers an eye with her hand and says, "Where?"
Why did the blonde fail her driver's test? The guy told her it was time to park, so she climbed into the back seat.
A blonde is down on her luck... A blonde, out of money, and down on her luck after buying air at a real bargain, needed money desperately. To raise cash, she decided to kidnap a child and hold him for ransom. She went to the local playground, grabbed a kid randomly, took her behind a building, and told her, "I've kidnapped you." She then wrote a big note saying, "I've kidnapped your kid. Tomorrow morning, put $10,000 in a paper bag and leave it under the apple tree next to the slides, on the south side of the playground. Signed, A blonde." The blonde then pinned the note to the kid's shirt and sent him home to show it to his parents. The next morning, the blonde checked, and sure enough, a paper bag was sitting beneath the apple tree. The blonde looked in the bag and found the $10,000 with a note that said, "How could you do this to a fellow blonde?"
A blonde walks into a dry cleaners and tells the woman at the counter, "I need to have an outfit washed."  The clerk was busy and slightly distracted, so she looked up from her work and said, "Come again?"  The blonde said, "No, it's toothpaste this time."
A blonde woman visits her husband in prison Before leaving, she tells a correction officer: "You shouldn't make my husband work like that. He's exhausted!" officer laughs, saying: Are you kidding? He just eats and sleeps and stays in his cell!"  "Bullshit! He just told me he is been digging a tunnel for months!"
A Blonde with dyed hair... ... is what i'd call artificial intelligence.
Why’d the blonde math major only apply to colleges in South Africa? She wanted to attend a party school where she couldn’t fail at integrating.
I didn't laugh at her dumb joke, then the blond said to me, "Well, it's an inside joke, hold on." So she let me into her house and told the joke to me again.
A blond teen turns to her mom and says: \-Mom, I think I'm pregnant  \- Imprudent girl, that's a big mistake ! says the mom.  \- OK, sorry...mom, I think I'mprudent.
A blonde tried to sell her old car.  A blonde tried to sell her old car. She was having a lot of problems selling it because the car had 250,000 miles on it.   One day she mentioned her problem to a brunette she worked with at a salon. The brunette told her, "There is a way to make your car easier to sell, but it's not legal."   "That doesn't matter," replied the blonde, "as long as I can sell the car."   "Okay," said the brunette. "Here's the address of a friend of mine. He owns a car repair shop. Tell him I sent you and he will turn the odometer in your car back to 50,000 miles. Then it shouldn't be a problem to sell."   The following weekend, the blonde made the trip to the mechanic.   About one month after that, the brunette asked the blonde, "Did you sell your car?"   "No," replied the blonde, "why should I? It only has 50,000 miles on it." 
I told my (blonde) sister this joke: "How do you confuse a blond? Paint yourself green and throw forks at her." She replied, "I don't get it."
Blonde in a rowboat There was a blonde driving down the road one day. She glanced to her right and noticed another blonde sitting in a nearby field, rowing a boat with no water in sight.   The blonde angrily pulled her car over and yelled at the rowing blonde, What do you think you're doing? It's things like this that give us blondes a bad name. If I could swim, I'd come out there and kick your ass!
Blonde approaches the customer service counter at a grocery store... “How can I help you miss?” Says the man behind the counter.  “I need to get 80 gallons of milk please”, she replies.   “Excuse me?” Says the man “why would you need all that milk for?”  .  “Well you see, its a beauty tip.  You bathe in milk for an hour and your skin appears 10 years younger”, she says.  “Whatever works!” Says the man, “let me check our inventory... Does it need to be pasteurized?”.  “Come again?” She replies.  “The milk, do you need it pasteurized?” He repeats.       “Oh no silly, that’s ok.  Only up to my tits!  I can splash it on my face”
A blonde goes shopping..  A blonde walked into an electronics store and said to the salesmen: "I want that tv." The salesperson shook his head and said, "No, we don't sell to blondes." So the blonde left and came back with her hair dyed brown and said: "I'll take that tv." Again the salesman said: "No, we don't sell to blondes." So she left again and came back with her hair dyed black and said: "I want that tv." But the salesman still said: "No, we don't sell to blondes." Finally the blonde got fed up and said, "That's it! How'd you know I was a blonde?!" she asked. The salesman answered: "Cause that's a microwave."
How do you drown a blonde? Put a mirror in the bottom of a pool.
Why did the blonde go to church? She heard there was a guy hung like this!! (Arms outstretched like Jesus on the cross)
How did the blonde die raking leaves? She fell out of the tree.
A naked blonde walks into a bar, carrying a poodle under one arm and a 6 foot salami under the other. The Bardtender says, 'So, I don't suppose you'd be needing a drink?'   The blonde says "I definitely do, after what just happened to me."  The bartender says "I'm so sorry. What happened?"  The blonde says, "Well, my boyfriend and I were just about to make love, when out of nowhere the crazy bastard says 'I'm gonna pound my favorite bitch with my giant sausage'. So I grabbed them both and got the hell out of there!"  
What do you call a blonde who dyed her hair black? Artificial Intelligence. 
A blonde gets pulled over for speeding As she hands over her license and registration to the patrolman, she pleads "Officer, is there anyway you can look the other way for this? Another ticket and I'll have my license revoked. I'll do ANYTHING."   Taking this as an opportunity, the officer looks around, unzips his pants, and pulls out his dick. The woman shakes her head in dismay and sighs "ugh, not another breathalyzer"
What do you call a blonde with brains? A golden retriever
What's a blonde call a blowjob in a Honda? Her Civic duty.
What's the problem with telling blonde jokes? The blondes never get it
A Blonde Joke Tired of constant blonde jokes, a blonde dyes her hair brown. She then goes for a drive in the country and sees a shepherd herding his sheep across the road.  "Hey, shepherd, if I guess how many sheep are here, can I keep one?"  The shepherd is puzzled but agrees. She blurts out "352!"  He is stunned but keeps his word and allows her to pick a sheep.  "I'll take this one," she says proudly. "It's the cutest!"  "Hey lady," says the shepherd, "If I guess your real hair color, can I have my dog back?"
A blond wakes up... A blond wakes up one day and see that her boyfriends computer is on and is opened up to a website. She sits down and after a few minutes she cray out loud. " wow I can't believe this"   Her boyfriend walks back into the room and ask her what is going on. She says excitedly "I think I became physic over night! "   Her boyfriend ask her why she thinks this.   And she said " well everything on this website is suppose to me new information and I already know all of it before it was posted on here, it like I am psychic!" "I am so excited about my new powers!!!"  Her boyfriend leans in and looks at what she is talking about, he than realizes that she is looking at r/jokes and it just a bunch of repost.    
How can you tell if a blonde has been using a computer? The joystick is all sticky.
Returning home from work, a blonde was shocked to find her house ransacked and burglarized. She frantically telephoned the police at once and reported the crime. The police dispatcher broadcasts the call and a K-9 unit patrolling nearby was the first to respond. As the K-9 officer approached the house with his dog on a leash, the blonde ran out on the porch, shuddered at the sight of the cop and his big dog, and sat down on the steps and started crying.  Putting her face in her hands, she sobbed: "I come home to find all my possessions stolen. I call the police for help, and what do they do? They send me a BLIND policeman!"
What does a fake blonde girl and an airplane have in common? They both have a black box.    Full Disclosure: I heard this on Impractical Jokers. I just hadn’t heard it before, liked it and wanted to share. 
A blonde, a brunette and a red head are stranded on an island: The women see in the distance a island with provisions that is about 200 yards away. Note that none of the women were strong swimmers.   The brunette swims 100 yards, then drowns.  The red head swims 100 yards, then drowns.   The blonde swims 100 yards, determines she is tired and swims back. 
Why can’t a blonde dial 911? She can’t find the 11.
A blonde and a redhead met for dinner after work and were watching the 6 o'clock news. A man was shown threatening to jump from the Brooklyn Bridge.   The blonde bet the redhead $50 that he wouldn't jump and the redhead replied, "I'll take that bet!" Anyway, sure enough, he jumped, so the blonde gave the redhead the $50 she owned.  The redhead said, “I can’t take this, you’re my friend.” The blonde said, “No. A bet’s a bet.” So the redhead said, “Listen, I have to admit, I saw this one on the 5 o’clock news, so I can’t take your money.”   The blonde replied, “Well, so did I, but I never thought he’d jump again!”
A blonde decides to learn and try horse back riding unassisted without prior experience or lessons... She mounts the horse with great effort, and the tall, shiny horse springs into motion.   It gallops along at a steady and rhythmic pace, but the blonde begins to slip from the saddle.   Out of shear terror, she grabs for the horse's mane but cannot seem to get a firm grip.   She tries to throw her arms around the horse's neck, but she slides down the side of the horse anyway.   The horse gallops along, seemingly oblivious to its slipping rider.   Finally, giving up her frail grip, she leaps away from the horse to try and throw herself to safety.   Unfortunately, her foot has become entangled in the stirrup.   She is now at the mercy of the horse's pounding hooves as her head is struck against the ground again and again.   As her head is battered against the ground, she is mere moments away from unconsciousness or even death, when Frank, the Wal-Mart manager, runs out to shut the horse off.
Saw a blonde taking a milk bath... I said: Is it pasturized?  She said: No silly, it's only up to my tits.
Three women are working construction. A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette. The three of them are sitting down to have lunch, and the redhead opens her lunch to find she has the same tuna sandwich she always gets. She exclaims “I swear, if I have to eat a tuna sandwich for lunch again, I’m going to jump off this building and kill myself.”   The brunette opens her lunch to find that she also has a tuna sandwich, and she exclaims, “if I have to eat the same sandwich again, I’m going to kill myself!”  The blonde opens her lunch, and finds she too has a tuna sandwich, and she also exclaims, “if I have to eat a tuna sandwich again, I’m going to jump off this building and kill MYself.”   The next day, during lunch, the redhead opens her lunch and finds a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, much to her liking.   The brunette opens her lunch and finds a ham and cheese sandwich, happily she begins eating it.   At this point, the blonde opens her lunch, checks her sandwich and promptly jumps off the building, killing herself on impact. She, of course, still had a tuna sandwich.   Later, when the husbands arrived, the redhead’s husband mentions “my wife told me, if I made her another tuna sandwich, she would kill herself, so I gave her peanut butter and jelly.” The brunette’s husband also mentioned “my wife told me the same thing, so I made her a ham and cheese sandwich.”  At this point, they both glared at the blonde’s husband. Shocked, he replied   “Hey, don’t look at me! She makes her own lunches!”  (This is a joke I heard when I was younger, I take no credit for creating it.)
A blonde was standing in front of a soda machine outside of a local store. After putting in sixty cents, a root beer pops out of the machine. She set it on the ground, puts sixty more cents into the machine, and pushes another button; suddenly, a coke comes out the machine!  She continued to do this until a man waiting to use the machine became impatient.   "Excuse me, can I get my soda and then you can go back to whatever stupid thing you are doing?"    The blonde turns around and says, "Yeah right! I'm not giving up this machine while I'm still winning!"
The blonde jokes on this sub need to stop! I'm blonde and I don't get them.
A blonde, red head, and brunette robbed a bank... ... And were running from the cops on foot. They turned down an alley, which turned to be a dead end. Hearing the pursuing officers foot steps close behind, they each saw a garbage can, and jumped in to hide.  The cops turned the corner, and saw nothing but the trash cans.   'well, they didn't just disappear! They may be hiding, check those trash cans!'  One officer kicked the closest can, containing the brunette. The brunette then said 'bark! Bark!', and the cop assumed a stray dog was in the trash can.  Another officer kicked the next trash can, containing the red head. The red head then said, 'meow! Meow!', and the cop assumed a stray cat was in the trash can.  The lead officer then approached the last garbage can, and gave it a swift kick, from which they heard 'potato'.
A redneck blonde had her arm inside a chicken coop. Her sister stumbles upon her and asks, "What ya doin'?" The blonde replied, "Pa asked me to pull out his cock, but it keeps pecking my hand!"
"Mom, why do I have bigger breasts than all the other girls in sixth grade, is it because I'm a blonde?" No, my dear, that's because you're 19
Dumb Blonde Q: How did the blonde try to kill the bird?   A: She threw it off a cliff.   
Why did the Blonde feel so proud of herself for finishing a jigsaw puzzle in only six months? It said 2-4 years on the box. 
A blonde gets a job in quality control at an Elmo factory.   A couple hours later the boss goes out and sees the production line all backed up.  He sees the blonde sewing two marbles in the crotch of each Elmo.  He then yells at her,  "no I told you to give them each two TEST TICKLES!"
A Blonde Puzzle Joke The blonde is sitting at the kitchen table, staring down, head in her hands, sobbing. She picks up the phone and calls her husband who had just left for work.  "What's up honey?" the husband asks as he answers his phone.  "It's this puzzle" she sobs. "I ....... I ....... I just don't get it. It's impossible, I don't know what to do."  "O.K. .................... O.K. ............ " the husband says. "What is it a puzzle of?"  "It's a picture of a Tiger " she sobs.  "All right honey, hang on, I'll be right there."  He turns the car around and heads back home. Walking into the house he goes into the kitchen and finds his wife sitting at the table, head in hands, sobbing.  The blonde looks up and says: " I just don't get it. I don't get it. How am I supposed to do this?"  The husband walks over, pats her on the back, looks down at the table and says:  "Don't worry honey, It'll be alright. ............................ But first ..................................................................    We have to put the 'Frosted Flakes' back in the box".
A blonde, a ginger and a brunette are all stuck on an island 100 miles away from any other land... Thinking they have nothing to lose, they decide to each try swimming back to civilization.  The ginger goes first, but she can only swim 5 miles before she has to turn back. The brunette goes next, and she manages 25 miles, but she too becomes too tired and turns back.  Finally, the blonde goes.  She manages 50 miles, but becomes too tired and swims back to the island.
Why couldn't the blonde add 10 + 5 on a calculator? A: She couldn't find the "10" button.
A blonde walks into an electronics store... and asks the manager, "How much is this TV?"  The manager says to her, "We don't sell to blondes". Furious, the blonde storms back to her home, where she threw on a black wig. She then goes back to the same store and asks the same manager, "How much is this TV?"  Once again, the manager calmly replies, "We don't sell to blondes". The blonde is now utterly indignant at this discrimination, but also slightly befuddled as to how he knew she was a blonde while she wore a wig.  More determined than ever, the blonde goes to a hair salon to dye her hair red. Furthermore, she changes to a completely new outfit. Confident she will outsmart the manager this time, she returns to the store to ask the manager once more, "How much is this TV?"   Without missing a beat, the manager says to her, "We don't sell to blondes". The blonde threw her arms up in exasperation and shouts, "How do you always know I'm a blonde?" The manager replies, "Because ma'am, that's not a TV. It's a microwave".
A Blonde is driving through rural farm country and sees another blond rowing a boat in the middle of a cornfield... She pulls to the side of the road and yells "Hey, what the hell are you doing out there?"  The blonde in the boat stops rowing and stands up. "What does it look like I'm doing, I'm going to work!"  Puzzled the blonde in the car gets out and walks to the side of the road and yells, "You know, it's blondes like you that give the rest of us a bad name. If I could swim I'd come out there and kick your ass!"
What do you call a smart blonde? A Golden Retriever 
Why did the blonde put condoms on her ears? She didn’t want to get hearing AIDS!
What's the similarity between a blonde and a door knob? Everyone gets a turn.
Three bank robbers: a redhead, a brunette, and a blonde... Are trying to evade the police when they come across a farm. Being short on time and options, they all decide to hide in the barn. The redhead hides near the horses, the brunette hides near the cows, and the blonde hides in a pile of potatoes.   When the police come to search the barn, first they come to the horse stables. The redhead let's out a hefty "neeeyyyy", the cops are convinced that the horses are indeed alone, and the redhead escapes.  The police then search the cow pens. The brunette saw what the first robber had done, and belts out a deep "mooooo". The cops are again convinced and the brunette is able to escape.  The police finally come to where the potatoes are stored. The blonde, seeing how easily the other two had gotten away, sings "poh-TAY-toh".
The blonde hunting trip A brunette, a Indian,  and a blonde going on a hunting  trip.  the Indian goes out and comes back with a big buck, the brunette and the blonde asked "how did you get the buck?" The Indian says "I see deer track, I follow deer track, I shoot deer." so the brunette goes out and comes back with a huge grizzly.  The Indian and blonde ask "how did you get the grizzly?" The brunette says "I see bear track, I follow bear track I shoot bear." now the blonde goes out and takes a little longer than usual.  finally she emerges from the bushes all screwed up.  You could see bone, very deep gashes, just blood everywhere. The Indian and brunette in shock ask "how did you manage that?"  And the blonde says "well..  I see train track,  I follow train track, I shoot train... Train didn't stop."
A blonde is driving down the highway She is applying make-up in her rear view mirror. Her car drifts into the next lane and trades paint with a pickup truck. They pull off to the side of the road, the driver of the pickup truck gets out and he’s fuming. He asks the blonde if she has insurance and she just stares at him blankly... So he picks up a rock, draws a circle on the pavement, and says to her, “stand here and don’t move.”   He walks up to her little convertible and kicks the mirror off. Then kicks a dent into the driver side door. The blonde let’s out a giggle. He says “what??” And she responds, “nothing nothing.”  This makes his blood boil, so he pulls out a switchblade and starts slashing all four tires. He gets to the last tire and the blonde starts to laugh. “WHAT?!?” ..... “nothing nothing.”   Now he’s in a full blown rage. He goes back to his truck, grabs a crowbar and starts smashing her windshield. The blonde starts rolling on the ground laughing her head off. He turns to her, his face beat red and says, “WHAT IS SO FUNNY?????”   The blonde finally catches her breath and says, “ok ok, I’ll tell you...... I stepped out of the circle twice while you weren’t looking.”
NSFW A blonde has been out for cocktails with her friends. She drives off and is speeding down the Interstate, when she hears the wail of a siren &amp; then sees the blue &amp; red lights in her mirror. The police wave her down. So she takes the exit, parks and the police car pull up behind. The cop nudges his partner and says "She's a blonde, just watch this" He walks up to her car and indicates for her to wind down her window. She does so.   Cop: "Ma'am, any idea what speed you were doing?"  Blonde: "How would I know that?" Cop: "The speedometer Ma'am. Blonde: "What's that?" Okay, I need to see your drivers licence" Blonde passes an ID. Cop: "Ma'am this is your gym membership. You are in serious trouble" At this the cop drops his trousers, underpants and rests his member on the edge of the car window. Blonde: "Oh no, not another breathalizer test."
A blonde was shopping at her local department store. She came across a thermos and was fascinated by it.She decided to buy it.When she took it up to the cashier she inquired what it was used for. "Well it's used to keep hot things hot and cold things cold."She brought it to work the next day.The boss walks past her desk and asks"What's that?" "It's a thermos.It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold." "What's in it?"he asks "A coffee and two popsicles"
A blonde goes to the library to get a book. A few days later, she comes back and says to librarian at the counter, "This book was very boring. It had too many characters and too many numbers, so I would like to return it."  The librarian says to her coworkers, "So here's the person who took our phone book!"
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are stuck on an island One day, the three of them are walking along the beach and discover a magic lamp.   They rub and rub, and sure enough, out pops a genie.    The genie says, "Since I can only grant three wishes, you may each have one."   The brunette says, "I've been stuck here for years. I miss my family, my husband, and my life.  I just want to go home." POOF!  The brunette gets her wish and she is returned to her family.   Then, the red head says, "I've been stuck here for years as well. I miss my family, my husband, and my life.  I wish I could go home too." POOF!  The redhead gets her wish and she is returned to her family.    The blonde starts crying uncontrollably.    The genie asks, "My dear, what's the matter?"    The blonde whimpers, "I wish my friends were still here".
A very heavy blond went to the clinic to lose weight. The doctor told her to eat what she normally ate for three days and then skip a day. He told her she would have lost at least 4 pounds till the next month.  She came back four weeks later, 30 pounds lighter! The doctor looked at her surprised and said "How do you feel now?"  Blonde: "I am so sore and tired. My muscles ache all over!"  Doctor: "From not eating?"  Blonde: "No from skipping"    Edit: Grammar sorry to sore
What do you do when, during wartime, a blonde throws a grenade at you? Catch it, pull out the pin, throw it back.
One day a blond walks into a doctors office with both of her ears burnt. One day a blond walks into a doctors office with both of her ears burnt.  The doctor askes her what had happened.  She says, "well... when I was ironing my work suit the phone rang and I mistakanly picked up the iron instead of the phone. "Well that explains one ear, but what about the other."  "The bastard called again"
A blonde walks into the police department looking for a job. The captain says they can't just turn her away, and orders to desk officer to ask her a few questions as if doing an interview. Not having any idea what to ask her to disqualify her application, the officer asks, "What's 2+2?"  "Ummm... 4!" the blonde says.  *Dang,* the officer thinks, so tries a harder one: "What's the square root of 100?"  "Ummm... 10!" says the blonde.  "Good!" the officer says, deciding to switch from math to history.   "OK, who killed Abraham Lincoln?"  "Ummm... I don't know," the blonde admits.  "Well, you can go home and think about it," he says, "and come back later and tell me what you've figured out." He figures that's the last he'll see of her.  So the blonde goes home and calls up one of her friends, who asks her if she got the job. "Not only did I get the job," she says, "but I've already been assigned to a murder case!"
A blonde woman is driving down the highway She notices another blonde woman in a rowboat sitting in some tall grass.   She pulls over and walks up to the edge of the grass and says  “ Look at you, people like you are the reason people make fun of blondes...if I could swim, I’d come out there and kick your ass! “
A blonde, an American, and a Russian astronaut... are chatting. The Russian boats, "We were the first in space!"  "Oh yeah? Well we were the first in the moon!" Replied the American.   "We're going to be the first in the sun!" Says the blonde  "You can't do that. You'll burn up!" Exclaims the American  To which the blonde retorts, "We're not stupid you know... we're going to go at night! "
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are stuck on an island The brunette decides to try to swim to another island with more people on it. She can only swim 1/8 of the way, so she swims back. The redhead tries the same, but only makes it 1/4 of the way. The blonde makes it halfway, gets tired and swims back.
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead escape from their cells on a prison island... ... They sneak past the guards and make it to the shoreline. The mainland is a kilometre away, through dangerous waters.   The brunette, being the bravest, leaves first. She swims as hard as she can, but after only a few hundred meters she becomes exhausted and drowns.   The redhead leaves second. She is smarter and swims more slowly, but just as she passed half way a shark eats her.   The blonde, a natural athlete, embarks on her perilous swim. Miraculously, she avoids all sharks and swims until she is only 50m from the shoreline!  Exhausted, she says, "It's too far, I can't make it!", and swims back. 
What do you call two nuns and a blonde? Two tight ends and a wide receiver.
A blonde and a brunette are on an elevator when... ... a handsome young man enters on the next floor. He is absolutely stunning and both women are enamored. He smiles politely at them and  selects his floor, turning around to face the door in process. That is when both ladies noticed he had a horrible case of dandruff.  The brunette whispers to the blonde, “My goodness that is the sexiest man I have ever seen in my entire life.”  Whispering even quieter, “I think he could definitely benefit from a little Head &amp; Shoulders.” Giving a subtle hint to her nearby friend.  Upon hearing this, the blonde stares blankly for a few moments replying, “Well... okay... but... I’m not exactly certain how to give Shoulders.”
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant.
A blonde participates in the television show Who wants to be a millionaire... The TV host asks her the following questions:  1st How long did the 100-year war last?  a) 116 years b) 99 years c) 100 years d) 150 years  The blonde chooses to use the opportunity not to respond.  2nd In which country did you find the Panama Cabin?  a) Brazil b) Chile c) Panama d) Equador  The blonde asks the audience for help.  3rd In what month did the Russians finish the October Revolution? a) January b) September c) October d) November  The blonde uses the opportunity to get a phone call and calls another blonde.  4th What was King Georg VI's real name?  a) Albert b) Georg c) Manual d) Jonas  The blonde chooses to remove two incorrect answers.  5th Which animal has given the name to the Canary Islands?  a) canary bird b) kangaroo c) the rat d) the seal  The blonde answers wrong and is out of the game.   P.S.  If you thought the blonde seems to be a bit stupid here are the correct answers:  The 100-year war lasted for 116 years - from 1137 to 1253.  The Panama Cabin was found in Equador  The October Revolution ended on November 7th  King Georg VI's real name was Albert. The king changed his name in 1936.  The Canary Islands are named after the seal. In Latin it means the islands.  Now the question is how much wiser than the blonde you are, really ...? !!!
a blonde police officer stops a blonde driver A blonde police officer stops a blonde driver:   "You have driven too fast: let me see your driver's licence."   The blonde driver is puzzled: "What's a driver licence?"   The blonde police officer explains: "Um... you have your face on it."   The blonde driver hands the blonde police officer a mirror.   The blonde police officer looks at the mirror and salutes the blonde driver:   "Sorry, I didn't recognize you were a police officer."  
Everyone on this subreddit is a blonde I mean, think about it. Jokes are repeated almost twice a day!
Blonde driver Okay so this story starts with a blonde woman, let's call her Katy.  Katy was in financial trouble and couldent get a job. One day, she decided to get a lottery ticket, she won!  The next day she went out to buy a brand new red porche, the car dealer ship asked for her drivers license, she looked at him wierd and said "What does it look like"?, the seller said its square, and has a picture of you on it. She pulls put a square object the same size as a drivers license and the sellers says it's alright, without taking a good look at it.  On her way home from the dealership she gets stopped for speeding. The officer who stopped her was female, and blonde. She walked up to the car, and knocked on the window, Katy rolled down the window and wondered what the problem was. The officer explained to Katy she had been speeding, and asked for license and registration. The registration papers where no problem as she just bought the car, but she struggled to find the drivers license again. She once again asked for what it looked like, the offcier said  the same thing the seller said. Katy looked around in her bag, and found the sqare thing she also found at the dealership. It was a small square pocket mirror, and she showed it to the police woman and she looked at the mirror. The police woman suddenly looked sorry in a way and said "Oh, i'm sorry ma'am, I dident know you where a cop"!  Katy sped of and headed home.  End of story.
Facebook tech support [Blonde joke] A woman contacted facebook tech support and me of all people had to deal with her simple issue. she wanted to write on her wall so her 2 friends could see it but didnt know how. So I told her to click on her profile and in the box at the top to write her post. After about 5 minutes I get a private message from her. Its a picture of the wall in her bedroom with words written in sharpie "I think tech support doesnt know how to write on walls." 
A blonde, a burnette and a redhead are stranded on an island 15 miles from shore... The burnette says "I have always been a very good swimmer, I will swim to shore and send help." She swims out 5 miles then drowns.  The next day the redhead says, "I was on the swim team in highschool, I know I can swim 15 miles, I will go get help." She swims out 10 miles and drowns.  The next day the blonde thinks "It's up to me to get help!" She swims out 14.9 miles, she can see and hear the people on the beach, but she gets tired and swims back to the island.
Blond talks to her dad (taken inspiration from r/thathappened ) Blond: how should I tell my friend Steve he has dandruff Dad: give him head and shoulders Blond: how do you give shoulders
A blonde woman hasn’t had sex for a long time So she went out to the nightclub, where she met this midget. She thought to herself that she never tried that before so why not. They went to her place and they got down to business. He went down under the covers and she felt amazing, so she started moaning, he asked do you like that? She answered ecstatic “fuck yeah”, then he said “nice, I’ll put my other foot in now”
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette are running from a serial killer Frightened for their lives, they run into an alleyway and try to catch their breath.  "Quick!" says the brunette. "We have to hide!"  Wasting no time, the three girls run around the alleyway to find something to hide in. The redhead finds three human-sized bags and tosses them to her friends. Hearing the killer coming around the corner, they panic, jump into the bags, and lie perfectly still.  The killer goes up to the first bag. With all his might, he kicks it.  "Meow, meow," says the brunette, wincing in pain.  The killer, thinking there are only a cat in the bag, moves onto the next one. He kicks it too, full force.  "Woof, woof," cries the redhead through gritted teeth.  The killer is annoyed that there appears to only be a dog in the bag, but looking around he realizes there is still one bag left. Creeping forward carefully, he lifts his foot and kicks it.  The blonde shrieks and cries out,  "POTATO!!!"
Blonde Joke! Blonde walks into a dry cleaner with her sweater and asks the clerk how much it would cost to get the stain out.  The clerk didn’t hear her turns to her and says come again? The blonde giggles and says no it’s just mustard this time 
A blonde walks into a store She sees a TV within her price range and tells the salesperson "I'd like to buy this TV"  "I'm sorry, we don't serve blondes."  She decides to go home and dye her hair black and returns the next day to buy the TV.  Once again.. "I'm sorry, we don't serve blondes."  Desperate for a new TV,  she goes home and dyes her hair red.  She enters the store the next day with confidence that she'll finally be able to buy a new TV.    Once again the salesperson told her "I'm sorry, we don't serve blondes."  Not understanding how she could possibly be denied after all she's done, she asks: "How do you know I'm a blonde?"  "Well, because that's not a TV, that's a microwave."  
A blond buys a puzzle... She tries and tries but can't seem to put it together no matter how hard she tries, so she calls her boyfriend:  Blond: I bought a puzzle today but I can't put it together no matter how hard I try.  Boyfriend: What is the puzzle of?  Blond: It's a tiger.  Boyfriend: Well how about I come over and help you put it together.  So the boyfriend gets to her house, looks at puzzle pieces on the table, looks at the box, then looks at his girlfriend and says...  I think we should put these frosted flakes back in the box.
While driving a blonde woman was listening to the radio... The hosts were telling blonde jokes, so while frustrated because of how blondes are perceived she sees another blonde in a boat rowing in the middle of a wheat field.  She gets off of her car red with anger and starts yelling at the other woman: -You dumb bitch, women like you are the reason why we have such a bad reputation. You’re lucky that I don’t know how to swim cause I’d slap you silly
Why did the blonde girl have bruises around her belly button? Blond guys arent that smart either.
Yes, I’m a natural blonde. I would say the drapes match the carpet... But I prefer hardwood.
A worried blond woman asks her mum a question A worried blond woman asks her mum a question:  &gt; Mum, I know you went to France. Didn't you?  Yes, dear. How did you find out?  &gt; And dad? Did he go to France?  No dear. You know you're dad as a proud Englishman hates France. You can be sure he never went to France.  ... Still I want to know how you found out that I went to France. …  &gt; Mum, I know you cheated on dead!  Holy burning tea! DEAR, I never would cheat on your dad! What in the world makes you come to that conclusion? … With tears in her eyes the blond replies:  &gt; Mum. If dad never went to France, how come that on my brand new UK passport it's written in white on blue that I was “Made in France”
A blonde walked into a library Wait that’s not the whole joke!  And she asked the librarian, “Do you have pasta?”  The librarian rolled her eyes and answered, “ Miss, this is library.” The blonde whisper, “ Do you have pasta?” 
A blonde and a brunette are walking down the street... ... when they see the brunette's boyfriend coming out of a florists with a huge bouquet of flowers.  "oh no", says the brunette, "now he'll want me on my back with my legs in the air".  "why?", asks the blonde. "Don't you have a vase?"
What's the same about a blonde and a car They both smell like used rubber
Did you hear about the blonde who lost the breast stroke swimming event She got all mad and accused the others of cheating because they where using their hands 
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead goes to heaven. A blonde, a brunette and a redhead goes to heaven. At the entrance to heaven ,they meet God. "You have to climb a hundred steps to get to heaven, and at each step I'm going to tell you a joke."He said. "But if any of you laugh, you are going straight to hell." The blonde, the brunette and the redhead begin to climb.  On the 24th step, unable to help herself, the brunette laughs and goes to hell. On the 60th step, the redhead laughs at the joke, and goes to hell as well. On the 99th step, just as God was about to say another joke, the blonde burst out laughing.  Confused, God looks at her and says,"but I didn't even say anything." The blonde replies, "I just got the first joke." 
A blond man walks into a bar He sees a very attractive woman sitting by herself, so he goes over to introduce himself.  "Hello miss, my name is Billy. Can I buy you a drink?"  She says, "I'm Amanda."  The man says, "Oh, I'm sorry to bother you, sir." and leaves.
How did the semi-literate blonde drown? After years of seeing the billboards and flyers, she decided it was time to do her part to help shave the whales.
A blonde lady motorist was two hours from San Diego when she was flagged down by a man whose truck had broken down. The man walked up to the car and asked, "Are you going to San Diego?"  "Sure," answered the blonde, "do you need a lift?"  "Not for me. I'll be spending the next three hours fixing my truck. My problem is I've got two chimpanzees in the back which have to be taken to the San Diego Zoo. They're a bit stressed already so I don't want to keep them on the road all day. Could you possibly take them to the zoo for me? I'll give you 100$ for your trouble."  "I'd be happy to," said the blonde.  So the two chimpanzees were ushered into the back seat of the blonde's car and carefully strapped into their seat belts. Off they went.  Five hours later, the truck driver was driving through the heart of San Diego when suddenly he was horrified!  There was the blonde walking down the street holding hands with the two chimps, much to the amusement of the crowd. With a screech of brakes, he pulled off the road and ran over to the blonde.  "What the heck are you doing here?" he demanded. "I gave you a hundred dollars to take these chimpanzees to the zoo."  "Yes, I know you did," said the blonde, "but we had money left over--so we went to the movies."
A blonde cop pulls over a blonde driver The cop tells the driver "License please."  "What is a license?" the driver answers.  The cop replies "it goes in your wallet, has a picture of you on it..."  As the blonde driver digs through her purse, after a while she pulls an object out, looks at it for a second, smiles, says "Found it! Here you go officer!" and hands a mirror to the cop.   The cop takes off her aviators, looks in the mirror, rolls her eyes, and hands it back to the driver.  "If I knew you were a cop, I wouldn't have pulled you over!"
An attractive blonde goes down a water slide The turbulent water pushes her bikini top askew, and her left breast has popped out by the time she gets to the bottom. In the thrill of the slide, she doesn’t even notice.  Her two friends are waiting for her at the bottom. One of them, male, can’t help but smirk.   “What’s so funny?” The blonde asks unwittingly.  The friend grins and says, “It’s obvious, isn’t tit?”
A blonde is walking along the side of a highway... When she sees a brunette jumping in the middle between the opposing lanes of traffic chanting "twenty, twenty, twenty..."  Curious the blonde asks what she's doing.  "I'm jumping up and down saying twenty, do it with me, " replies the brunette.  So they both start to jump when a truck suddenly runs over the blonde, killing her.   The brunette calmly walks over to the body, and drags her to the side of the road. She then returns to the middle of the highway, starts jumping up and down, and chants "twenty one, twenty one, twenty one..."
How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday?  Tell her a joke on Wednesday!
A blonde called tech support for a blue screen. We had to explain to her that we don't give them out, and that you really don't want them.
A Blonde hear a "thud" on the ground Too her surprise, it was a wallet. She decided to do the right thing and turn it in to the police.   After arriving at the police station, the Blonde says,'I'm here to turn in someone's lost wallet.' The officer thanked the Blonde for her deeds and the Blonde returns to her home.  The next day, a package arrived in the mailbox with a wallet inside. The Blonde responds with, ' Thank god someone found my wallet, I must've dropped it while walking yesterday.'
A blonde and brunette walk into a bar... You think one of them would have seen it.
A blonde woman boards a plane to Las Vegas She takes a seat in first class. The flight attendant walks over and politely informs the lady that her seat is in the economy class, and that she has to move back there.   To the fight attendant’s dismay, the lady refuses. She says,“I’m going to Las Vegas, and I’m sitting here for the flight.” After awhile of the flight attendant asking her to move back, the captain of the plane pulls the fight attendant aside.“Here, let me handle this.”  The captain goes up and whispers something in the lady’s ear. She gasps, and heads to the back of the plane.  Astonished the fight attendant asks the captain how he did it. He replies “I just told her that first class wasn’t going to Las Vegas.”  (Sorry if it’s really corny, I’m trying!)  
How do you make a blond laugh on monday? Tell her a joke on tuesday
How do you kill a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff at the bottom of a pool
How do you make a blonde burn her ear? Phone her while she's doing her ironing.
A brunette is speeding in her car with her blonde friend passenger The blonde in the passenger seat turns around and notices a police car behind them and quickly tells the driver.  "Damn it, does he have his lights on?" Asks the brunette.  The blonde turns back around and says  "Yes, no, yes, no, yes, no...."
A blonde girl is in the woods... She realizes she is lost and tries to make a fire. She fails and lies on the ground in defeat, crying.  But then her husband walks outside and tells her to come back inside.
A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''
A blonde is walking along beside a river... She sees another blonde on the other side of the river and yells to her;   "Hey! Come over here!"   To which the other blonde says;  "I am over here!"
A blonde and a brunette are walking down the street The brunette says, "Look, a dead bird."  The blonde looks up in the sky and says, "Where?"
A Blonde tries to buy a TV A Blonde goes to the mall to buy a TV. She finds a unit she likes and asks the salesman "How much is this TV?".  The salesman looks at her and says, "I'm sorry, we don't sell to blondes".  Insulted, she storms out of the store and goes home. She comes back the next day with her hair beneath a hat and walks up to the same salesman. "How much is this TV?".  The salesman looks at her again and says, "I'm sorry, we don't sell to blondes".  She storms off in frustration and leaves. On her way home she stops at the drug store and buys hair dye. She spends the night dying her hair brunette. With her foolproof disguise she heads to the mall the next morning and once more asks the salesman, "How much is this TV?".  The sales man looks at her and says, "I'm sorry, we don't sell to blondes".  Shocked, she exclaims, "How do you know I'm a blonde!??".  The salesman replies, "Because that's a microwave."
A blonde walks into a hospital. She was claiming that everywhere she touches hurts. So she goes into the examination room and the doctor says “Okay I’d like you to point to wherever it hurts”. So the Blonde pokes her cheek and says “Here. Ow.” She then pokes her arm and says “Here. Ow.” She then repeats this with different parts of her body until the doctor finally says that she should stop. The doctor say “I know what’s happened to you.” “What’s happened to me??” The Blonde says, concerned. The doctor simply replies, “You have a broken finger.” 
How does a blonde ask for a chicken? Takes an egg walks to the chasier and asks:Where is mother!"
A blonde was hiking through a field.... when the farmer saw her. Seeing her carrying her heavy bag, he stopped his tractor and asked if she needed a lift. The blonde gratefully said yes and jumped into the back of the tractor. A few minutes later, the farmer turned around to see how the woman was going. To his surprise, the heavy load was still on the blondes back. Confused, the farmer asked 'why  are you still carrying that burden? ' The blonde responded by saying 'Well, you were so nice giving me a lift, but I didn't want to force you  to help carty my bag to!'
What do you get when a topless blonde rubs sunscreen on a topless brunette? Your camera
Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble.  In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull so that they can breed their own stock.  The brunette balances their checkbook, then takes their last $600 dollars out west to another ranch where a man has a prize bull for sale. Upon leaving, she tells her sister, "When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home."  The brunette arrives at the man’s ranch, inspects the bull, and decides she does want to buy it. The man tells her that he can sell it for $599, no less.  After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news.  She walks into the telegraph office, and says, "I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pick-up truck and drive out here so we can haul it home."  The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, "It’s just 99 cents a word."  Well, with only $1 left after paying for the bull, the brunette realizes that she’ll only be able to send her sister one word.  After thinking for a few minutes, she nods, and says, “I want you to send her the word, 'comfortable.'”  The telegraph operator shakes his head. "How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pick-up truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her the word, 'comfortable'?" The brunette explains, "My sister’s blonde. She’ll read it slow."
A blonde reporter is given a choice... Her boss tells her that she has to get a good scoop within an hour or she’ll be fired. She thinks for a while, then, her face lights up, and she runs to her car and drives off. Her boss waits an hour, then texts her to ask where she is. She responds with an address, and after driving there, her boss is surprised to find an ice cream shop. He walks in to find the blonde happily eating ice cream. He asks her what she’s doing, not getting a scoop when she holds up her ice cream, saying, ‘This is the best scoop I’ve ever gotten!’
Blond in a chinese pet store A blond goes inside a chinese pet store and finds a crowd of people watching an asian person starin at a fish  "Move left"  Said the asian, and the fish move left  "Move right"  Said the asian, and the fish moved right  "Jump"  And the fish jump over the fish tank  Amazed, everyone started clapping, including the blond, and with the show over, some left, some brought some stuff and some just brows a little. As for the blond, she went directly to the asian, who was also the owner, and asked  "How did you do it"  "Easy, supirior mind controls infirior mind"  The blond, amazed, decided to stare at the fish so see if she could control it, while the owner forogt about her and took care of his business  A few hours later, the pet owner was about to close down shop, and realised the blond was still staring at the fish. He warn her it was closing time but she didn't react at all, so he aproched her and was about to kick her out, but then he watched her face and saw that she was opening and closing her mouth.....
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette went into a farm to steal chickens. The police were nearby and they heard them and came in. The girls quickly jumped into three potato sacks so they wouldn’t be seen.  One policeman kicked the sack with the redhead, and she said “meow” pretending to be a cat.  He kicked the second one with the brunette, and she said “ruff”, pretending to be a dog.  When he kicked the third sack with the blonde, she said “potatoes”.
A brunette and a blonde fall down a well. “It’s dark down here, isn’t it?” says the brunette.  “I’m not sure, I can’t see,” replies the blonde.
A Blonde Calls 911 on a Friday night "Hello, what's your emergency? "  "My friend has been stabbed! "  "Okay, where are you? "  "Tchefuncte Street"  "Tche what? What street did you say? Can you spell it? "  "Uh... " afterwards the 911 operator heard panting and shuffling of feet for about 5 minutes   "Yeah, we're on PINE Street. P-I-N... "
A blonde, brunette and readhead are walking down a street... The redhead says "Oh! Look at that dead bird!"  The blonde looks up and says "Where!?"
What do you call a blonde with a runny nose? Full
Why did the blonde believed coffee turned her into a unicorn? Because she kept leaving the spoons in the cups. 
A blonde really wanted a pair of crocodile shoes So she ordered a trip to Australia, and went hunting.  After two weeks she said:  -Damn, if the next crocodile i shoot doesnt have any shoes on, i give up!
Why can’t a blonde dial 911? She can’t find the 11.
How did the blonde die while raking leaves? She fell out of the tree.
What Do You Call A Blonde With 2 Brain Cells? Pregnant.
A hot blonde makes a decision....... A hot blonde decides one day that she is sick and tired of all these blonde jokes and how all blondes are perceived as stupid, so she decides to show her husband that blondes really are smart.  While her husband is off at work, she decides that she is going to paint a couple of rooms in the house.   The next day, right after her husband leaves for work, she gets down to the task at hand.  Her husband arrives home at 5:30 and smells the distinctive smell of paint.  He walks into the living room and finds his wife lying on the floor in a pool of sweat. He notices that she is wearing a ski jacket and a fur coat at the same time. He goes over and asks her if she is okay.  She replies yes.  He asks what she is doing.  She replies that she wanted to prove to him that not all blonde women are dumb and she wanted to do it by painting the house.  He then asks her why she has a ski jacket over her fur coat.  She replies that she was reading the directions on the paint can and they said....  "FOR BEST RESULTS, PUT ON TWO COATS."
A blind man enters a bar and find his way to a barstool. After ordering a drink, and sitting there for a while, the blind guy yells to the bartender, “Hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?” The bar immediately becomes absolutely quiet.  In a husky, deep voice,the woman next to him says, “Before you tell that joke, you should know something. The bartender is blonde, the bouncer is blonde and I’m a 6′ tall, 200 pound blonde with a black belt in karate. What’s more, the fella sitting next to me is blonde and he’s a weightlifter. The woman to your right is a blonde, and she’s a pro wrestler. Think about it seriously, mister. You still wanna tell that blonde joke?” The blind guy says, “Nah, not if I’m gonna have to explain it five times.”
What did the blonde do with the boiling water? Froze it - you never know when you're going to need boiling water.
A blonde is in bed with her lover. Suddenly, she hears her husband knocking. She opens the window and tells the lover to jump. He replies:  - What? Jump? Off the 13th story? Are you crazy?  The blonde replies:  - Jump, it's no time for superstitions!
[Blonde Joke] Why did the blonde get fired from the M&amp;M factory? She kept throwing away all the E's, 3's, and W's.
I recently told my blonde friend that my grandfather kicked the bucket the other day. She asked, "Is his foot okay?"
What do you call a blonde with Brains? A golden retriever 
A blonde calls a 24/7 support call center The blonde asks what hours they are open for. The technical support person says “we are available 24 hours a day, seven days a week.” The blonde stops for a moment a thinks. After a while she asks “is that Eastern or Pacific time?”
A blonde goes out to buy a TV A blonde goes out to buy a TV at a department store.  Blonde: I'd like that TV please.  Clerk: Sorry, we don't sell to blondes.  So the blonde goes out and dyes her hair brown. She then goes back to the store.  Blonde: I'd like that TV please.  Clerk: I'm sorry but we don't sell to blondes.  Amazed she goes out and dyes her hair ginger. She later returns to the store.  Blonde: I'd like that TV please.  Clerk: I'm sorry, we don't sell to blondes  Blonde: How did you know I'm blonde?  Clerk: Because that's a Microwave.
A blonde needed some money A blonde was desperate for money. So she decided to go to the richer neighbourhoods around town and look for odd jobs.  At the first house, a man answered the door and told her. ‘Yeah, I have a job for you. Could you paint the porch?’  ‘Sure,’ smiled the blonde, ‘I’ll do it for $100.’   ‘Great,’ the man replied. ‘You’ll find the paint and stuff you need in the garage.’  The man went back into the house to his wife, who’d been listening. ‘A hundred bucks! Does she know it goes all the way around the house?’ asked the wife.  ‘Well, she must. She was standing right on it!’ he said.  About 45 minutes later, the blonde knocked on the door. ‘I’m all done,’ she reported.  The man was amazed. You painted the whole porch?’  ‘Yeah,’ the blonde said. ‘I even had some left, so I put on two coats!’  The man reached into his wallet to pay her.  ‘And by the way,’ said the blonde, ‘that’s not a Porsche. It’s a Ferrari.’
A blonde calls the front desk of her hotel in a panic. "Help! I'm trapped in my room!" she says. "How do I get out?"  The clerk at the front desk says, "just go out the door."  "I tried," she says "but one just leads to the bathroom, and the other has a 'Do Not Disturb' sign on it!"
An Italian, a Mexican, and a Blonde American are working construction. The three men eat lunch together each day at the top of the building they are constructing.   The Italian opens his lunchbox and exclaims  "Seriously!? Spaghetti again? If my wife packs this one more time, I swear I'm jumping off this building."  The Mexican opens his too. "Tacos again? I'm with you. I'm jumping tomorrow if it happens again."  The blonde opens up his lunch box and pulls out a PB&amp;J sandwich.  "Another PB&amp;J!" He cries. "I'm jumping tomorrow too if I get a PB&amp;J in my lunch again."  The next day, the Italian opens his lunch, pulls out a tupperware of spaghetti, and jumps to his death. The Mexican pulls out a bag of tacos, and immediately follows the Italian off of the building. The Blonde pulls out a PB&amp;J, sighs, and jumps to his death as well.   A few days later at the funeral, the Italian and Mexican's wives are in tears. Both exclaim that if they had known, they would have packed something different and the men would still be alive. The women notice the wife of the Blonde, standing there and not shedding a tear.  They ask the wife of the Blonde "How can you not be upset? Your husband is dead because he kept getting the same food!"  The wife of the blonde replies "Don't look at me. He packed his own lunch."
Why couldn't the blonde add 10 + 5 on a calculator? - She couldn't find the "10" button.
Doctor to blonde "You are pregnant" Blonde "Gosh, I hope it's not mine"
A blonde was working in a laboratory A blonde was working in a laboratory examining house flies. She removed one of the wings off a fly and threw it forward saying go on fly away! The fly flew for a little while and then fell down. The blonde wrote down in her report: The common house fly; when one wing is removed, it takes flight for a short time and then falls down. Then the blonde took the same fly and removed the remaining wing and saying "Shoo, fly away!" she held it in her hand. The fly didnt move at all. She wrote down: The common house fly, when both wings are removed, it becomes deaf.
Sick Of Hearing Blonde Jokes Once upon a time, a blonde became so sick of hearing blonde jokes that she had her hair cut and died brown. A few days later, as she was driving around the countryside, she stopped her car to let a flock of sheep pass. Admiring the cute woolly creatures, she said to the shepherd, "If I can guess how many sheep you have, can I take one?" The shepherd, always the gentleman replied, "Of course." The blonde thought for a moment and for no discernible reason said, "352." This being the correct number, the shepherd was, understandably, totally amazed and exclaimed, "You're right! O.K., I'll keep to my end of the deal. Take your pick of my flock." The blonde carefully considered the entire flock and finally picked one that was by far cuter and more playful than any of the others. When she was done, the shepherd turned to her and said, " O.K., now I have a proposition for you. If I can guess your true hair color, can I have my dog back?"
Q. How did the blonde die while drinking milk? A.The cow sat down.
Blonde joke A blonde is speeding down the highway and notices the flashing lights of a police car behind her. She slows down and pulls over to wait for the police officer, who also happens to be a blonde.  The police officer asks her for her driver's license. The driver says:"I'm not sure what that is... what does it look like?"  Police officer:"It's a little square and it has your picture on it."  Driver: Reaches into the glove compartment and pulls out her compact, looks at her self in the mirror, seems satisfied and hands it to the officer.  Police officer:"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were police officer! Have a nice day. You can go now."
There was a blonde who just got sick and tired of all the blonde jokes. So one evening, she went home and memorized all the state capitals. Back in the office the next day, some guy started telling a dumb blonde joke.   She interrupted him with a shrill announcement, "I've had it up to here with these blonde jokes. I want you to know that this blonde went home last night and did something probably none of you could do. I memorized all the state capitals."   One of the guys, of course, said, "I don't believe you. What is the capital of Nevada?"   "N," she answered, proudly.
What sound does a blonde white girl make while meditating? "Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm?"
A Blonde is very upset at people stereotyping blondes, so she organises a blonde convention. Over 50,000 blondes attend.  The leader stands on a stage and says, "Us blondes have always been misrepresented by the media and we have always been stereotyped. We are here today to prove us blondes aren't dumb! Now may I have a volunteer?"  A blonde steps onto the stage.  "What is ten divided by two?"  The volunteer replies, "Two."  The leader is dismayed but the crowd cheers,"Another chance!"  A second volunteer is called up. Once again she asks the question and the blonde replies,"T-ten?"  The crowd shouts,"Another chance!"  The third volunteer is called up. After three minutes of thought, she correctly replies,"Five."  The crowd shouts,"Another chance!"
Two blondes are going to Disney Land At the turn off, they see a sign saying "Disneyland left"  They went home crying.
A blonde girl gets pulled over by a blonde police officer for speeding... The Police officer asks for a drivers license &amp; the blonde starts going through her bag looking for it.   She's getting increasingly frustrated as she looks for the drivers license &amp; asks the police officer for assistance.  The blonde asks: "I'm having trouble finding it... Can you please tell me what it is suppose to look like?"  The officer responds: "Sure, it's just a square that has your picture on it."  After a bit more rustling through her bag, she pulls out a square mirror and hands it to the police officer.   The police officer looks at the mirror and says: "Oh, I'm so sorry... I didn't realise you were a police officer! You can go"  Edit: Formatting
How do you get a one-armed blonde out of a tree? Wave to her.
A blonde is at work and asks... A blonde is at work and asks her friend what her new thermos is.  She replies "It is to keep hot things hot and cold things cold".  The next day the blonde comes into work with a new thermos.  Her friend asks what is in it and she replies "Ice cream and soup".
A Blonde orders a pizza and the man taking the order asks, "Do you want it cut into 6 slices or 12?"  The Blonde replies, "You better make it 6; I could never eat 12."
Why did the blonde wear condoms on her ears? So she wouldn’t get hearing aids.
A blonde calls her boyfriend and says, "Please come over here and help me. I have a killer jigsaw puzzle, and I can't figure out how to get it started." Her boyfriend asks, "What is it supposed to be when it's finished?" The blonde says, "According to the picture on the box, it's a tiger."   Her boyfriend decides to go over and help with the puzzle. She lets him in and shows him where she has the puzzle spread all over the table.   He studies the pieces for a moment, then looks at the box, then turns to her and says, "First of all, no matter what we do, we're not going to be able to assemble these pieces into anything resembling a tiger."  He takes her hand and says, "Second, I want you to relax. Let's have a nice cup of tea, and then .." He sighed ..... "Let's put all the Frosted Flakes back in the box......."
[Blonde] What do you call a blonde with 2 brain cells? Pregnant.
A blond city girl named Amy marries a Wisconsin farmer. One morning, on his way out to check on the cows, the farmer says to her,  "The artificial insemination man is coming over to impregnate one of our cows today, so I drove a nail into the 2 by 4 just above the cow's stall in the barn.  Please show him where the cow is when he gets here, OK?" The farmer leaves for the fields.  After a while, the artificial insemination man arrives and knocks on the front door.  Amy takes him down to the barn.  They walk along the row of cows and when Amy sees the nail, she tells him, 'This is the one right here.' The man, assuming he is dealing with an airhead blond, asks, "Tell me lady, 'cause I'm dying to know.  How would you know this is the right cow to be bred?" "That's simple," she said. "By the nail that's over its stall," she explains very confidently. Laughing rudely at her, the man says, "And what, pray tell, is the nail for?" Amy turns to walk away and says sweetly over her shoulder...... "I guess it's to hang your pants on." 
Blonde walks into a pawn shop... Tells the cashier she would like to purchase the TV in the corner.  With out hesitation the clerk tells the blonde that they dont sell tvs to blonde people.  Puzzled, the blonde walks out. She returns the next day with a brown wig on, and ask the owner if ahe can buy the TV in the corner.  Not fooled by her disguise, the owener again tells the woman that they do not sell TVs to blondes.   The woman throws the wig down and storms out, slamming the door behind her.  She goes home and shaves her head, certain he will not know it is her. The woman returns to the store the following day, and once again tells the man she would like to buy the TV in the corner.  The man laughd hystarically and once again tells the woman no.   The woman is livid. She slams her purse on the counter and demands to know why she is not allowed to purchase the item.  The owner got one last chuckle in before telling the woman " well for starters ma'am, that 'TV' in the corner is a microwave."
What's the difference between a blonde and a leech? If you slap them, the blonde keeps on sucking. 
What do a blonde and the Bermuda Triangle have in common? They both swallow seamen.
A Japanese venture capitalist fell in love with a blonde A Japanese venture capitalist was visiting the USA to evaluate a startup. The founder was desperate to get funding and to close the deal asked his blonde girlfriend to flirt with him.  The Japanese had never seen such a beauty before and instantly fell in love. The Japanese man asked the blonde to marry him. The blonde was in a fix and didn't want to say no and jeopardize the funding.  Blonde says : I can marry, if you promise you will never look at any other girl. Japanese happily agreed and says - for you, I will never look at any other girl.  Blonde says: I can marry, if you get me the biggest diamond ring. Japanese happily agreed and said - for you, I will get the biggest diamond ring.  Blonde says: I can marry, if you get me a Lamborgini. Japanese happily agreed and said - for you, I will get a Lamborgini and Ferrari.  The blonde realized that the Japanese was flithy rich and he will agree to everything she asks.   Blonde says: I can marry, if you have 8 inch dick. The Japanese became really sad. The blonde was happy that she found a way.  The Japanese sadly says - for you, I will get my dick cut by 2 inches.
A blonde got caught in a blizzard…   It was snowing heavily and blowing to the point that visibility was almost zero when the little blonde got off work. She made her way to her car and wondered how she was going to make it home. She sat in her car while it warmed up and thought about her situation. She finally remembered her dad's advice that if she got caught in a blizzard she should wait for a snow plow to come by and follow it. That way she would not get stuck in the snow drift. This made her feel much better and sure enough in a little while a snow plow went by and she started to follow it. As she followed the snow plow she was feeling very smug as they continued and she was not having any problem with the blizzard conditions. After quite some time had passed she was somewhat surprised when the snow plow stopped and the driver got out and came back to her car and signaled for her to roll down her window. The snow plow driver wanted to know if she was all right as she had been following him for a long time. She said that she was fine and told him of her dad's advice to follow a snow plow when caught in a blizzard.   The driver replied that it was okay with him and she could continue following if she wanted but he was done with the Walmart parking lot and was going over to the K-mart  next. 
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette are driving through the desert. The car breaks down, and they've got no cell reception, so they have to walk to get help. The brunette says "I'll grab the bottled water in case we get thirsty." The redhead says, "I'll grab the snacks in case we get hungry."  The blonde rips the drivers side door off its hinges. "I'll take this door, so if we get hot, I can roll the window down."
Why did the blonde snort Nutrasweet?  Because she thought it was Diet Coke.
A redhead a brunette and a blonde are stuck on a magical mountain The redhead says "eagle" and turns into an eagle and flies away. The brunette says "mountain goat" and she hops down the mountain. The blonde is about to say falcon when she trips on a rock and says "SHIT" and then she turned into a pile of feces and falls down the mountain.
How did the blonde kill an earthworm? She buried it alive.
How do you drown a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff at the bottom of a pool
How do you trap a blonde in a room? Put a ‘Do Not Enter’ sign on the back of the door.
How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday? You tell her a joke on Wednesday.
How do you know a blonde has been trying to commit suicide? There are bullet holes in the mirror.
A Blonde, Brunette, and a Redhead... [NSFW] A blonde, brunette, and a redhead walk into an elevator together at work. The redhead notices a new stain on the wall of the elevator.  The redhead proceeds to smell the stain and says, "I think it's cum?"  The brunette then smells the same stain and says, "Oh yea, it's definitely cum."  The blonde smells the stain, looks perplexed for a moment, then declares that, "Yes it's cum, but it isn't from any of the men from this building." 
[nsfw] What does a blond become when she is turned uppside-down? A brunett with bad breath
who weighs more: a 70 kg blonde or 70 kg stack of papers? Answer: the blonde  Reason: blondes always lie about their weight
One day a blond walks into a doctors office with both of her ears burnt... The doctor asks her what had happened.   She says: "well... when I was ironing my work suit the phone rang and I mistakenly picked up the iron instead of the phone.  "Well that explains one ear, but what about the other?"  "The bastard called again!" 
A beautiful young blonde boards a plane to New York with a ticket for the economy section. She looks at the seats in economy and then looks into the forward cabin at the first-class seats.  Seeing that the first-class seats appear to be much larger and more comfortable, she moves forward to the last empty one.  The flight attendant checks her tickets and tells the woman that her seat is in economy. The blonde replies, “I’m young, blonde, and beautiful, and I’m going to sit here all the way to New York.”  Flustered, the flight attendant goes to the cockpit and informs the captain of the blonde problem.  The captain goes back and tells the woman that her assigned seat is in economy.  Again the blonde replies, “I’m young, blonde, and beautiful, and I’m going to sit here all the way to New York.”  The captain doesn’t want to cause a commotion, and so he returns to the cockpit to discuss the blonde problem with the co-pilot.    The co-pilot says that he has a blonde girlfriend, and that he can take care of the problem.  He then goes back and briefly whispers something in the blonde’s ear.  She immediately gets up, says “Thank you so much,” hugs the co-pilot, and rushes back to her seat in economy.  The pilot and flight attendant, who were watching with rapt attention, together ask the co-pilot what he said to the blonde.  He replies, “I just told her that the first class section isn’t going to New York,”
Why did the blonde kept staring at the orange juice carton? Because it said concentrate
A blonde walks into a bar... ...and gets a nasty cut on her forehead.
A group of construction workers, an Irishmen, a Mexican, and a Blonde are sitting on the 24th floor of a construction building... The Irishman says "corn beef cabbage again, I swear to God if i get corn beef cabbage again I'm gonna jump from this roof"  The Mexican man says "tacos and beans, goddamnit, I swear to god if I get tacos and beans one more time I'm gonna jump from this roof"  The Blonde man says "bologna sandwich, goddamnit I swear to god if I get a bologna sandwich one more time I'm gonna jump from this roof too!"  The next day the Irishman looks in his lunch and sees corn beef cabbage, and he immediately jumped to his death. The Mexican man similarly see his tacos and beans and infuriated jumped to his death. The blonde man looked in his lunch and sees a bologna sandwich and in turn, jumped to his death.  At the funeral, the Irishmans wife says "oh my I could've made him roast or stew or anything else". The Mexican man the wife says "oh my I could've made him burritos or Enchiladas or anything else".   They both turned to look at the Blonde man's wife waiting for her statement... she looks at them both puzzled and says "I don't feel bad, he made his own damn lunches!"
Why did the blonde have sex with a Mexican? Her teacher told her she had to do an essay.
A blonde walks into a bar She didn’t see it coming
What do you call a smart blonde? A golden retriever
A blonde goes to the doctor She asks the doctor what she can do to help with her boyfriends dandruff.  "Give him head and shoulders" he replied .  The blonde thought for a minute and said "how do I give shoulders?"
Blonde lady walks into a library... She says to the librarian, "I'd like a hamburger."  The librarian responds, "...this is a library."  The blonde lady says, "oh sorry! ^(I'd like a hamburger.)"
A man marries a blonde who is gorgeous but has very small breasts She was always complaining about how small her breasts were.  One day he comes home from work and finds her in the bathroom with her shirt off , a bottle of calamine lotion in her hand and rubbing the lotion all over her breasts.  "What are you doing?" he asks.  She says, "I'm trying to make my boobs bigger."  "With calamine lotion?"  he asks.  She says, "Yeah, you told me it was good for if you have small boobs"  He says, "Honey, I said it was good for if you have insect bites or zits. I didn't say it was good for if you have insect bites for tits."
A blonde woman wanted to commit suicide by jumping from the 10th floor of her building but her building only had 5 floors So she jumped from the 5th floor twice
What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back
What did the blonde say when she saw a box of Cheerios? "Wow! Doughnut seeds!"
A blonde mom is cooking dinner when her blonde daughter walks in. The daughter asks, "Mom, why do people think we blondes are stupid?"  Her mother replies, "I'll show you", and taps hard on the kitchen counter.  Somewhat confused, the blonde daughter says, "Someone's at the door!".  The blonde mother laughs. "This is why people think we're stupid. Now watch over the stove for me while I answer the door."
A blonde, wanting to earn some money, decided to hire herself out as a odd-job man and started with a wealthy neighborhood. She went to the front door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do. "Well, you can paint my porch. How much will you charge?" The blonde said, "How about 50 dollars?" The man agreed and told her that the paint and ladders that she might need were in the garage. The man's wife, inside the house, heard the conversation and said to her husband, "Does she realize that the porch goes all the way around the house?" The man replied, "She should. She was standing on the porch." A short time later, the blonde came to the door to collect her money. "You're finished already?" he asked. "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats. "Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50. "And by the way," the blonde added, "that's not a Porch, it's a Ferrari."
A boss tells a blonde applicant A boss tells a blonde applicant, "I'll give you $8 an hour, starting today, and in three months, I'll raise it to $10 an hour. So, when would you like to start?" "In three months."
A blonde enters an electronics store... She goes to the store owner and asks him to sell her the TV she picked.  He refuses, telling her that he can't sell the TV to a Blonde.  She comes back the next day, after dyeing her hair black, and asks him the same question. He again tells her that he can't sell the tv to a Blonde.  Then she shaves her head off and gets a plastic surgery. Again she asks the same question, only to get the same exact reply. Devastated, she asks him how he figures out who she is every single time.  He replies, "Look carefully, its a Microwave not a TV."
I asked a blonde haired, blue eyed soldier what he wanted to do after the military... He said he just wants to get back home.   He wants to be a veteran aryan.
A blonde was walking throught the forest when she heard singing Curious, she followed the sound until she came upon a set of train tracks. A brunette was dancing along the train tracks singing "27, 27, 27 27..."    The blonde yelled to her, "Hey! Why are you singing that for?"  The brunette ignores her and continues singing. "27, 27, 27, 27..."  The blonde shrugs and joins her in dancing and singing besides the train tracks. They both sing, "27, 27, 27, 27..."  The brunette, still singing, jumps onto the tracks and the blonde joins her, singing all the while.  A train whistle sounds in the distance. The blonde, engrossed in her new favorite song and dance, doesnt hear it.  The train comes around the corner fast. The brunette jumps off the tracks just in time, but the blonde is blissfully engrossed in her song and dance and gets hit by the train.  The brunette watches the train speed by calmly, and once it's gone and the dust has settled, she brushes herself off and started singing again.  "28, 28, 28, 28...
A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair,  A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!''
What's the most common phrase uttered by a blond after sex? "Are you guys all on the same team?"
A blonde and a brunette are walking in a park, the brunette says awwww look a dead bird poor thing.  The blonde looks up and says where?
A blonde's phone rang in the middle of the night A blonde's phone rang in the middle of the night.   "Hello?" she said.   "Hello," said a voice. "Is this Tommy?"   "No," said the blonde. "You must have the wrong number."   "Oh, sorry," said the caller. "I hope I didn't wake you."   "Oh, that's okay," said the blonde. "I had to get up anyway, to answer the phone!"
Life With A Blonde Teenager… SCENE: My teenage daughter and me in the car.  Lauren: Dad, do you know what the most commonly used letter in a girl’s name is?  Me: Hmm, is it a consonant or a vowel? (Silence.) Please tell me you know what consonants and vowels are.  Lauren: You’re no fun, Dad. Forget it.  Me: What is a vowel?  Lauren: OK, OK. A vowel is … ahh … eh … well, oh … uh …  Me: Close enough.
A blonde goes shopping for a TV ...and so goes to the local homeward store. After walking around for a few minutes she finds the one. Approaching the manager, she asked if she could buy the TV, and to her surprise the manager declined; simply saying "I'm sorry, we do not serve blondes."  Frustrated, our protagonist leaves the shop to get her hair dyed a light brown and so returns the next day. Again she was turned around, Watson with the phrase "I'm sorry, we do not serve blondes."  Not to be dissuaded, she dyes her hair pitch black, puts on a fake tan and dresses up to return a third time. When she was declined a third time she could barely contain her frustration, asking "How can you tell that I'm blonde?"  The manager, after a pause, replied "That is a microwave."
A guy picks up a beautiful blonde girl and takes her back to his place... They have wild passionate sex and lay there panting when it's all over. All of a sudden, she sits up all scared.  "Wait! We should have used a condom! You don't have AIDS, do you!?"  The guy says, "No. I'm clean."  "Whew," the blonde girl says. "Good thing. I sure wouldn't want to catch that shit twice!"
Why did the blonde have lipstick all over her steering wheel? She was trying to blow the horn.
I was living with my blonde girlfriend a few years back I was feeling a little flirtatious so I go up to her right before she went to the bathroom to have a shower and said   "Hey, why don't we take a shower together? You know, to save some water."  I was expecting her to accept the offer but she responded  "Why? We already paid the water bill for this month?"
A blonde walks into a Doctors Office complaining of sun burn. The doctor asks "Maybe you need to raise the SPF?"  The blonde looks at the Doc and says "Well I'm using 120 SPF"  The Doctor asks "Are you using it before going out into the sun?"  The blonde replies "Of Course!"  The Doctor asks "Are you sure you are using enough?"  The blonde replies "Well last time Doc I drank the entire bottle."
How do you know when a blonde's been at your computer? There's white out on the screen.  Why white out?  'Cause the eraser didn't work.
A blonde walks up to a street light and there is a flyer on it that says:"We are renting an apartment".    She koncks on the pole and waits. After a while a cop comes by asking what she is doing.    She says:"It says here that they are renting a house. I keep knocking but it looks like nobody is home."    The cop looks up and says:"That's strange..the lights are on."
What do you call a blonde that has dyed her hair? Artificial intelligence.
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette were all lost in the desert. They found a lamp and rubbed it. A genie popped out and granted them each one wish. The redhead wished to be back home. Poof! She was back home. The brunette wished to be at home with her family. Poof! She was back home with her family. The blonde said, "Awwww, I wish my friends were here."
What is the difference between a blonde and a boxer? A boxer stands up to get knocked down, a blonde lies down to get knocked up
A blonde, a brunette and a man with bad dandruff walk into an elevator. The mans dandruff is real bad, like caked on his shoulders bad. Once he gets off the brunette says to the blonde "He really needs some head and shoulders". The blonde says "How do I give shoulders?".
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead all die and are supposed to go to heaven However, they have all sinned in their lives, so they are kept at the base of the 100 step stairway-to-heaven.  God comes to them and says  "All of you have commited sins that cannot be forgiven, so you must face a trial if you wish to enter heaven. Every step you take on this stairway, I will tell you one joke. If you laugh once, I will send you to Hell"  They agree, and begin the trial.  The brunette goes first. She manages to stifle her laughs until the fourth step, until she loses it, so God sends her to Hell.  The redhead goes after. She can't even make it through one joke without laughing, so God, disappointingly, sends her to Hell.  Finally, the blonde goes. Somehow, she doesn't laugh at all at the jokes, managing to take every step easily. However, when she reaches the very last step, before God even says his last joke, she begins laughing hysterically. God waits for her to calm down before asking why she was laughing, and she responds:  "Sorry, I just got your first joke"  EDIT: So apparently this was posted last week. Sorry on my behalf, and I'm not trying to avoid responsibility when I say I didn't know. I think I'll avoid this sub in case I repost something else, in future.
A blonde walked into a hairdresser with headphones on... ...And says to the hairdresser, "Do anything with my hair, but don't take the earphones off".  So the hairdresser started to cut but was finding it pretty difficult, so he thinks "What could happen if I took the headphones off?", and he took them off. The blonde dropped dead straight away.  "Oh My gosh" said the hairdresser, puzzled. "What is so special about these headphones?" and he put them on.  Out of the headphones she heard: "Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out..." 
A blonde who want to earn some money A blonde who want to earn some money, decided to hire herself out as a handyman-type and started advertising a rich neighborhood. She went to the front door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do. “Well, you can paint my porch. How much is your fee?”  The blonde said, “How about 40 dollars?” The man agreed and told her that the paint and staircases that she might need were in the garage.  The man’s wife, inside the house, heard the dialogue and said to her husband, “Does she understand that the porch goes all the way around the house?  “The man replied, “She should. She was standing on the porch.” A short time later, the blonde came to the door to take her money. “You finished fast!” he said.  “Yes,” the blonde replied, “and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats. “Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50.  “And by the way,” the blonde added, “that’s not a Porch, it’s a Ferrari.”  
A blond and her husband go to the beach. She catches a pretty bad sunburn and asks her husband to go to the store for fresh milk and oatmeal to help it feel better. Her husband says “sure, but do you want it pasteurized?” She says “no because I won’t be able to breathe. To my tits is fine.”  My coworker told me this one. He’s a crazy old guy with lots of jokes so I’ll keep them coming. 
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Catch the pin 
What does a blonde do first in the morning? She goes home.
A flight is on its way to Sydney when a blonde in economy class gets up, and moves to the first class section and sits down The flight attendant watches her do this, and asks to see her ticket.  She then tells the blonde that she paid for economy class, and that she will have to sit in the back.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”.  The flight attendant goes into the cockpit and tells the pilot and the co-pilot that there is a blonde bimbo sitting in first class, that belongs in economy, and won’t move back to her seat.  The co-pilot goes back to the blonde and tries to explain that because she only paid for economy she will have to leave and return to her seat.  The blonde replies, “I’m blonde, I’m beautiful, I’m going to Sydney and I’m staying right here”.  The co-pilot tells the pilot that he probably should have the police waiting when they land to arrest this blonde woman who won’t listen to reason.  The pilot says, “You say she is a blonde? I’ll handle this, I’m married to a blonde. I speak blonde”.  He goes back to the blonde and whispers in her ear, and she says, “Oh, I’m sorry” and gets up and goes back to her seat in economy.  The flight attendant and co-pilot are amazed and asked him what he said to make her move without any fuss.  I told her, “First class isn’t going to Sydney “  Edit: Thanks for the gold. Thanks for the comments. Thanks for the abuse - whilst highlighting that it is an unoriginal joke. At no point did I proclaim to have written it, but it is a cracking joke.
A blonde women's basketball team rallied and then tied up the score at the end of regulation... ...and the coach took out a bottle of wine and handed out glasses to the team.   After imbibing, the blonde team obviously ended up losing.  Coach was asked later by, "Why the early celebration?"  Coach said, "We weren't celebrating, we're not that stupid. I served wine because I heard it always gets better overtime."
A blonde and a lawyer seat A blonde and a lawyer are seated next to each other on a flight from LAtoNY. The lawyer asks if she would like to play a fun game? The blonde, tired, just wants to take a nap, politely declines and rollsover to the window to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists and explains that the game is easy and a lot of fun. He explains, I ask you aquestion,and if you don't know the answer, you pay me $5.00, and vise versa.  Again, she declines and tries to get some sleep. The lawyer, nowagitated,says, "Okay, if you don't know the answer you pay me $5.00, and, if Idon'tknow the answer, I will pay you $500.00."  This catches the blonde's attention and, figuring there will be no end tothis torment unless she plays, agrees to the game.  The lawyer asks the first question. "What's the distance from the earth to the moon?" The blonde doesn't say a word, reaches into her purse, pulls out a $5.00 bill and hands it to the lawyer.  Okay says the lawyer, your turn. She asks the lawyer, "What goes up ahillwith three legs and comes down with four legs?" The lawyer, puzzled,takesout his laptop computer and searches all his references, no answer. Hetapsinto the air phone with his modem and searches the net and the library ofcongress, no answer. Frustrated, he sends e-mails to all his friends andcoworkers, to no avail.  After an hour, he wakes the blonde, and hands her $500.00. The blondesays,"Thank you," and turns back to get some more sleep.  The lawyer, who is more than a little miffed, wakes the blonde and asks,"Well, what's the answer? "Without a word, the blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5.00, and goes back to sleep.
A blonde is feeling cold Two blonde friends stepped out of lunch from  the restaurant when find that the temperature had  drastically dropped. As they stood by the truck  shivering, the blonde tried to figure how to unlock the door. In the meantime her friend asked, “Can’t we sit in the truck while you figure how to use the key?”
Blonde Joke A blonde walks into a doctor's office with two burnt ears. The doctor asks what happened. The blonde replies, I was ironing and got a phone call, Then I picked up the wrong one. And the other ear.... They called back
How do you kill a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff sticker on the bottom of a pool.
A blonde and a redhead have a ranch. They have just lost their bull. The women need to buy another, but only have $500. The redhead tells the blonde, "I will go to the market and see if I can find one for under that amount. If I can, I will send you a telegram." She goes to the market and finds one for $499. Having only one dollar left, she goes to the telegraph office and finds out that it costs one dollar per word. She is stumped on how to tell the blonde to bring the truck and trailer. Finally, she tells the telegraph operator to send the word "comfortable." Skeptical, the operator asks, "How will she know to come with the trailer from just that word?" The redhead replies, "She's a blonde so she reads slow: 'Come for ta bull.'"
A man was in his front yard mowing grass when his attractive blonde female neighbor came out of the house and went straight to the mail box.  She opened it, slammed it shut, and stormed back in the house. A little later she came out of her house and again went to the mail box and again opened it, then slammed it shut again. Angrily, back into the house she went. As the man was getting ready to edge the lawn, here she came out again, marched to the mail box, opened it and then slammed it closed harder than ever. Puzzled by her actions the man asked her, “Is something wrong?” To which she replied, “There certainly is! My stupid computer keeps giving me a message saying, “YOU’VE GOT MAIL!”
A blonde goes into a library and, speaking clearly and loudly, orders a burger, fries and a milkshake. The librarian rolls his eyes and says, exasperated, "This is a library, ma'am."     So the blonde leans in and whispers, "Sorry. I'll have a burger, fries, and a milkshake."
A blonde and a brunette... working together, when one day the blonde starts feeling a sore throat coming on, she complains about it to her brunette coworker.   "Oh, I have a perfect trick for that"  says brunette " whenever I feel a sore throat developing,  I give my boyfriend a blowjob, and the sore throat is gone almost instantly. Maybe you should try something like that"  The blonde thanks her,  and tells her she is just gonna pop out for lunch. She is almost an hour late back to work,  when she finally gets back in.  The brunette knowingly winks at her "So did it work? That sure took some time."   "Oh it worked perfectly, throat feels great now! " says the blonde "Sorry I'm so late,  the blow job was only a few minutes,  but it took me nearly 45min to convince your boyfriend that it was indeed your idea. "
A blonde walks into a bar. Was too busy trying to walk and chew gum that she didn't notice.
Another Blonde Joke There were five blondes and one brunette holding onto a rope off the edge of a cliff. But their rope could only bear the weight of of five people. The brunette said, "Save yourselves. I'll let go." Impressed by her sacrifice, all of the blondes clapped…
A blonde goes on a hot date A blonde goes on a hot date and ends up making out with the guy in his car. The guy asks if she would like to go in the backseat. "No!" yells the blonde. Things get even hotter, and the guy asks again. "For the last time, no!" says the blonde. Frustrated, the guy asks, "Well, why the hell not?" The blonde says, "Because I wanna stay up here with you!"
Why did the blond stare at the orange juice? It said concentrate
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead undergo spy training The pass all test with ease, and score top marks on all exams. Finally, after an easy year of training, they are told to go the headmaster's office, James Bond himself. "First of all, congratulations for you excellent grades in all classes, he said, but you have one final exam to pass. In the room behind me, tied to a chair, is your instructor. We recently found out he is a double agent for a organization that aims to overthrow the British government. I want you to pick up the revolver that sits on the stool next to him and shoot him like the dog he is."  The brunette is the first one to pass the test. She enters the room, looks at her teacher's face, then the gun. Finally, she says : "It's too hard, I c an't do it, he is the one that taught us everything."  It is now the redhead's turn to enter the room. Once again she look at her teacher's face, the the gun. She hesitates, but then, once more, she says : "I'm sorry, but I can't do what you ask of me. I cannot bring myself to kill him, traitor or not."  Finally comes the blonde's turn to do the task. She steps into the room. 10 seconds pass, and suddenly, from outside the room, horrible cries and screams can be heard. Quickly, James Bond opens the door. An eyeball slowly rolls towards him, as he is met with the blonde, covered in blood, who tells him : "Guess what ? There were no bullets in the gun ! I had to finish him with the stool !".
A blonde mother is cooking dinner when her blonde daughter walks in to the kitchen. The daughter asks, "Mom, why do people think we blondes are stupid?"  Her mother replies, "I'll show you," and taps hard on the kitchen counter.  Somewhat confused, the blonde daughter says, "Someone's at the door!"   The blonde mother laughs. "This is why people think we're stupid. Now watch over the stove for me while I answer the door."
Why did the blonde bring a ladder to the bar? Because she heard the drinks were on the house.
A blonde goes into the doctor's office "What's wrong?," asks the doctor.  "Something serious," she answered. "I hurt all over."  "Show me"  The blond patient puts her finger against her thigh. "Ouch, it hurts here." She places her finger on the middle of her foot indicating pain."Ouch! and here." She moves her finger to the middle of her neck. "Ouch and here." She finally puts her finger in the middle of her forehead and as soon as he touches it she yelps again. "Ouch. See doctor, it hurts everywhere."  "Ma'am, you have a broken finger."
Why did the blonde tiptoe past the medicine cabinet? She didn't want to wake up the sleeping pills.
One more blonde joke! What do you call a blonde who dyed hair brunette??    Artificial Intelligence   
What do you call a blonde with 2 brain cells? Pregnant.
Indian woos a blonde in a bar. Santa Singh and Banta singh are sitting in a bar sipping Johnny Walker Black Label when Banta singh noticed a gorgeous blonde sitting by herself in a corner.  As he was getting up to talk to her, the bartender says "Hey don't worry about her, She is a lesbian!". Banta singh says, "Lesbian or no lesbian, I get all of them", and he, stylishly holding his whiskey in his left hand, walks to her table.    Then leaning forward in a very sexy voice he said "Where exactly in Lesbia, you from?" 
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead visit an old wishing well. "What are you going to wish for?" the blonde asks the other two.  The brunette and the redhead ponder for a minute, rather ashamed that they didn't think of something beforehand. The redhead looks around for inspiration. When her gaze lingers on the well, she makes up her mind. She fishes a coin out of her pocket and holds it up.  "On behalf of all those who don't have access to clean water," says the redhead, tossing the coin into the well, "I wish that everyone in the world could have something to drink."  The brunette nods appreciatively. "I like that! Very altruistic. I think I'll wish for something a little more concrete, though…" She gets out a coin and tosses it in after the redhead's. "I wish that the three of us knew what we can do to help those who need something to drink."  The blonde perks up. "That's incredible!" she says. "I've just figured out what I want to wish for!" She reaches into her purse and pulls out a coin. "I wish that this well was small enough that I could pick it up and hold it."  As she tosses the coin into the well, the other two look at her with baffled expressions. But then, *poof!* In a flash of light, the well is transformed! It's become a dollhouse-sized replica of itself, with a tiny bucket and crank. The blonde picks it up.  "Whoa," says the brunette, looking to the redhead. "Do you suppose our wishes came true too?"  "Of course they did!" the blonde cries. She begins moving the well vigorously through the air, back and forth.  "How are you so sure?" the redhead asks. "And also, what are you doing?"  The blonde, grinning, tosses the little well aside and reaches into her purse. "Look!" she says, pulling out a plastic bottle of what looks like a fruit smoothie. She unscrews the top and takes a drink. "If it weren't for you two," the blonde says, holding up the bottle, "I'd never have known how to open this. See? It says 'shake well before opening'."
A blonde... ...works in a petrol station filling up cars. One day, a spaceship with 'UFO' written on the side lands next to the blonde. The blonde cheerfully fills it with fuel and the spaceship flied off.  The blonde's boss, shocked, comes out to ask why she filled it up.  "Do you know what 'UFO' stands for?" He asks.  "Of course." She replies, "Unleaded Fuel Only".  credits to u/Mr-Everest
A blonde joke A professor is teaching his class and gets philosophical.      "Fame will come to you only if you succeed "        The blonde asks, " Who is Seed?"
Why did the blonde go to the drive-in in December? She wanted to see the movie "closed for the winter".
A blonde was on vacation in............ A blonde was on vacation in the depths of Louisiana. She wanted a pair of genuine alligator shoes, but didn't want to pay the high prices. After unsuccessfully haggling with of one of the shopkeepers, the blonde said, "Maybe I'll just go out and catch my own alligator, so I can get a pair of shoes at a reasonable price." Later in the day, the shopkeeper spotted the young woman standing waist deep in the water, shotgun in hand. She took aim at an alligator, killed it and hauled it onto the swamp bank. Lying nearby were several more of the dead creatures. The shopkeeper watched in amazement as the blonde flipped the alligator on its back and shouted in frustration, "Damn, this one isn't wearing any shoes either."
What makes a blonde and a Tornado similar? (Sorry blondes) What makes a Blonde and a Tornado similar?   At first it’s sucking and blowing and next thing you know, YOUR HOUSE AND CAR ARE GONE! xD thank you! I’ll be here all year!
The guy and the blonde **Guy**: Hey! Let's be friends!  **Blonde:** I don't make friends with strangers.  **Guy:** Then go make friends with your friends, idiot!
What does a blonde do after combing her hair? She pulls up her pants.
So I'm in the office kitchen and I overhear a blonde telling a story. . . She tells her friend "Some loser accountant from the window company called me.  Wanted me to pay for my new windows they installed."    "Yeah?  What did you tell them?"  "I told them the exact same thing their fast talking salesman told me.  In a year, the windows will pay for themselves!  Then the accountant said 'ok. so?'  And I said 'Well duh!  It's been a year!'  He just hung up after that."  
Why did the soldier run when the blond threw a pin at him? She had a grenade in her mouth
Another Blonde Joke A blonde went to an appliance store sale and caught the sight of a great bargain. “I would like to buy this TV,” she told the salesman, who was standing nearby. “Sorry, we don’t sell to blondes,” he replied. With this information in mind, she hurried back home and dyed her hair, then rushed back and once again declared to the salesman, “I would like to buy this TV.” “Sorry, we don’t sell to blondes,” he replied. “Darn, he recognized me,” she thought, surprised at his perspicacity.  &amp;#x200B;  She decided to adopt a thorough disguise this time, complete with a haircut and new hair color, new outfit, big sunglasses, and then waited for a few days before she once again approached the salesman at the appliance store. “I would like to buy this TV,” she said. “Sorry, we don’t sell to blondes,” he replied. Completely frustrated, she exclaimed, “How do you know I’m a blonde?” “Because that, ma'am, is a microwave. ” 
Blonde and Brunette. Two females are talking. One is a blonde and the other is a brunette. The brunette says to the blonde, last night I had sex with a Brazilian. The blonde is amazed and says you slut, how many is a Brazillion! 
Why does the blonde nurse take a red pen to work? In case she has to draw blood.
A blonde was running back to her car one overcast afternoon... When she realized that she had accidentally locked her keys in the car. She broke down crying and hysterical, and a passerby asked her what the matter was.  She sobbed and said "I'm locked out of my car, and I need to hurry up and get the hood up on it before it rains!"
A blonde and a redhead have a ranch... They have just lost their bull. The women need to buy another, but only have $500. The redhead tells the blonde, "I will go to the market and see if I can find one for under that amount. If I can, I will send you a telegram." She goes to the market and finds one for $499. Having only one dollar left, she goes to the telegraph office and finds out that it costs one dollar per word. She is stumped on how to tell the blonde to bring the truck and trailer. Finally, she tells the telegraph operator to send the word "comfortable." Skeptical, the operator asks, "How will she know to come with the trailer from just that word?" The redhead replies, "She's a blonde so she reads slow: 'Come for ta bull.'"
A blonde walks into the doctor’s office Doctor: How do you feel?  Blonde: With my hands.
A blonde wanted to earn some money. A blonde, wanting to earn some money, decided to hire herself out as a handyman-type and started canvassing a wealthy neighborhood. She went to the front door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do. "Well, you can paint my porch. How much will you charge?" The blonde said, "How about 50 dollars?" The man agreed and told her that the paint and ladders that she might need were in the garage. The man's wife, inside the house, heard the conversation and said to her husband, "Does she realize that the porch goes all the way around the house?" The man replied, "She should. She was standing on the porch." A short time later, the blonde came to the door to collect her money. "You're finished already?" he asked. "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats. "Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50. "And by the way," the blonde added, "that's not a Porch, it's a Ferrari."
A blonde tries to prove blondes aren't dumb by memorising all the state capitols. Her friend then asked her what the capital of Nevada is. She replied &gt;The Nevada State Capitol is the capitol building of the U.S. state of Nevada. It is located in the state capital of Carson City at 101 North Carson Street. The building was constructed in the Neoclassical Italianate style between 1869 and 1871. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. It is also Nevada Historical Marker number 25
What does a blonde have in common with a hurricane? First there’s a lot of suckin and blowin, then you lose your house.
A blonde crossed the Rio Grande into Mexico both countries' IQs increased
A blonde walks into a bank A blonde walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the Loan officer. She says she's going to Europe on business for two weeks and Needs to borrow $5,000.  The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so the blonde hands over the keys to a new Mercedes Benz SL 500.  The car is parked on the street in front of the bank, she has the title and everything checks out. The bank agrees to accept the car collateral for the loan.  The bank's president and its officers all enjoy a good laugh at the blond for using a $110,000 Benz as collateral against a $5,000 loan.  An employee of the bank then proceeds to drive the Benz into the bank's underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, the blonde returns, repays the $5,000 and the interest, which comes to $15.41.  The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very nicely, but we are a little puzzled. While you were away, we checked you out and found that you are a multimillionaire.  What puzzles us is, why would you bother to borrow $5,000?"  The blonde replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my Car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"  Finally... a smart blonde joke.
Why did the blonde snort sweet and low? Because she thought it was diet coke
What do you call a Blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant. 
Rabbi and blonde A rabbi is sitting at a bar when a beautiful blonde walks over and propositions him. "I've always wanted to be with a rabbi, it is one of my lifelong fantasies. I just want to run my fingers through your beard and have mind-blowing sex for hours and hours."  The rabbi strokes his beard for a moment and says "... so what's in it for me?"
How do blonde jokes end? Trick question... they never do.
A blonde went to a ventriloquist show.... And the ventriloquist kept making blonde jokes. As the evening progressed the blonde got madder and madder until she couldn’t take it any more.   She stood up and yelled at the ventriloquist.   “Listen, I am sick and tired of the blonde jokes. I am an attorney in a successful law firm. I have had arguments in the top courts and am a well regarded member of the society.”  The ventriloquist felt bad and began to apologize but before he could the blonde interrupted him.   Saying, “Hey! You stay out of this. This is between me and the guy on your knee!” 
A blonde was driving a car. She stopped by a traffic light, and thought to herself:  "Red looks pretty cool."  The traffic light changes.  "Yellow is fine"  The traffic light changes again.  "Green is gross."  The traffic light goes back to red.  "I've seen it already. Let's drive forward."
A blonde accidentally starts a fire and then calls 911 Phone operator: hello, what is you’re  emergency?  Blonde: Help my house is on fire!  Phone operator: please remain calm, how do we get there?  Blonde: in a big red truck, duh
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are stranded on an island on December 25th. As they’re walking along the beach, pondering their escape, the brunette stubs her toe on something buried deep in the sand. She starts digging furiously. After a few seconds, she pops back up, holding an old lamp. Having heard about genies living in lamps, she decides to give it a rub.   Suddenly, a genie pops out: “You have freed me from my 10,000 year imprisonment! I grant you each one wish as a token of my gratitude!”   The brunette, ecstatic that she has an opportunity to escape the island, thinks about how much she misses her family, and wishes to be sent back home to spend Christmas with them.   *POOF*  She disappears off the island, and quickly appears at her parent’s house, surrounded by family.  The redhead is in shock. She had been thinking about how much she missed her boyfriend, and wishes to be sent to his house to spend Christmas with him.  *POOF*  She disappears off the island, and quickly appears at her boyfriend’s house.  The blonde is awestruck, as she has never seen this kind of magic before. She starts thinking about how lonely she is. All she wants is to spend Christmas with people she loves.  “I’m starting to get kinda lonely on this island... I wish for my friends to come back.”  *POOF* 
A Blonde On Death Row Three women are about to be executed for crimes. One's a brunette, one's a redhead, and one's a blonde.  Two guards brings the brunette forward, and the executioner asks if she has any last requests. She says no, and the executioner shouts, "Ready ... Aim ..."  Suddenly the brunette yells, "earthquake!!" Everyone is startled and looks around. She manages to escape.  The angry guards then bring the redhead forward, and the executioner asks if she has any last requests. She says no, and the executioner shouts, "Ready ... Aim ..."  The redhead then screams, "tornado!!" Yet again, everyone is startled and looks around. She too escapes execution.  By this point, the blonde had figured out what the others did. The guards bring her forward, and the executioner asks if she has any last requests. She also says no, and the executioner shouts, Ready ... Aim ..."  The blonde shouts, "fire!!" 
One day a blonde, a brunette, and a redhead were being chased by the police.  The girls decided to go up 3 different trees and hide.  The brunette hid in the apple tree. The redhead hid in the lemon tree, and the blonde hid in the oak tree.   The policeman went to the apple tree and said, “Is there anyone up there?"  The brunette went, "meow"  The policeman said to himself, "Oh, its just a cat stuck up in a tree!"  Then he went over to the lemon tree and said, "Is there anyone up there?"   The redhead went, "bark bark"   The policeman said to himself, "Oh, its just a dog stuck up in a tree!"  Then he went over to the oak tree and said, "Is there anyone up there?"   The Blonde went, "Acorn, acorn!"
What does a blonde playing the drums sound like? Dumb chick dumb chick dumb chick...
Me: That actress from Legally Blonde was stabbed last week! Reece... Reece... whatshername...Reece.... Friend: Witherspoon?  Me: No, with a knife.  (Courtesy of QI.)
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back
Blonde. A Blonde Girl went to a Sex Shop and bought a Dildo, next day she took it back and demanded to see the Manager, Manager says how can I help you, Blonde says This Dildo must be Faulty, Manager says, how is this, Blonde Girl says, it's knocked all of my teeth out...
A brunette, a blonde, and a redhead all join a tournament. They are allowed to bring any weapon they choose, and the only rule is that the first person to draw blood wins.   The brunette walks in with a badass double edged axe,  the redhead walks in with a huge longsword,  and the blonde shows up with a red marker.
A blonde is at a magical staircase that’s 100 steps high.  At the top of the stairs are untold riches, but in order to get to the top, you have to hear a joke from each individual stair and not laugh. If you laugh at any joke, you can’t go any higher. The jokes start off lame, but get progressively funnier.  The first joke comes and the blonde is stoic. Second. Third. Not even a smile. She get’s to the 99th step and before the step even tells the joke she bursts out laughing. “Why are you laughing, I haven’t even told the joke!” The blonde wiped away tears of laughter and replied, “I just got the first one.”
A blonde woman is distraught because she thinks her husband is having an affair, so she goes out and purchases a handgun... The following day she comes home and finds her husband in bed with a gorgeous brunette.  She grabs the gun and holds it against her own temple.   The husband immediately jumps out of bed, begging her not to shoot herself.   Hysterically the blonde yells, "Shut up! You're next!!"
A blond is starting in 2nd grade On the first day she comes home to her mother and eagerly yells: "Mom! Mom! Today we had English and I knew more words and could spell better than any other kid! Is it because I am a blonde?"    "No, honey", said the mother, "It is simply because you are smarter and more knowledgeable than the other kids."    The next day she comes home and screams  "Mom! Mom! Today we had Math and I was the only one who was able to do multiplication and division!! Is it because I am a blonde?"    "No, honey", said the mother, "It is simply because are more brilliant and intelligent than the rest of your class."    On the third day she returned from school shouting "Mom! Mom! Today we had PE and I was the only girl to wear a bra! Is it because I am a blonde?"    "No, honey", said the mother, "It is simply because you are 27 years old."
My (blonde) sister hates blonde jokes. I (redhead) told her I have a redhead joke for her. She was eager to hear it! A redhead goes for a drive through the country, just enjoying the peaceful ride with her windows open. She has to stop as a shepherd is moving his flock across the road. The redhead gets out of her car to stretch and has an idea.  "Hey Mister! If I can guess how many sheep you have, may I keep one?"  The shepherd has hundreds of sheep and feels confident enough to agree.  The redhead looks over the flock and says, "361."  The shepherd is stunned that she guessed correctly but, being a man of his word, allows her to pick out her favorite.  The redhead is about to put her new pet in her car when the shepherd calls out to her.   "Hey Lady! If I can guess your real hair color, may I have my dog back?"  &amp;nbsp;  My sister was not amused.
How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday? Tell her a joke on Wednesday.
Scientists found intelligent DNA in a blonde. The highest concentration was in the stomach. 
Why does the blond wear big hoop earrings on a date? So she has somewhere to put her feet. 
What’s the difference between a misquote and a blond? One stops sucking when you smack it
how do you know if a blond has tried to commit suicide There are bullet holes in the mirror
A Blonde and a Brunette are sitting next to each other on a plane. The Brunette, a lawyer is getting antsy on the flight and asks the blonde “ do you wanna play a game? I’ll ask you a question and if you don’t know the answer you’ll give me five dollars, and then you ask me a question and if I don’t know the answer I’ll give you five dollars.”   The blonde says no, and goes to sleep. A half hour goes by and the brunette wakes up the blonde and says “ do you want to play the game except with $50 per question?”  The blonde says no again and goes back to sleep. The brunette, after waiting for about an hour wakes up the blonde again and asks “do you want to play the game but if you don’t know the answer you give me five dollars and if I don’t know the answer I give you $500?”  The blonde, knowing that the only way to make the brunette happy is to play the game, agrees to these conditions. The brunette immediately asks the blonde woman a complex legal question. So the blonde reaches into her purse and gives the brunette 5 dollars. Then the blonde asks the brunette, “what goes up with three legs and comes down with four?”  The brunette after thinking about the question for a while cause the flight attendant and pays for onboard Wi-Fi, she immediately face times her friends but they don’t know the answer then she tries Google and it doesn’t know the answer.  The blonde not wanting to be defeated, emails some of her colleagues and they don’t know the answer either. Finally the brunette gives up and reaches into her purse and gives the blonde woman $500  The brunette says just one more question, what was the answer to your question? Then the blonde reaches into her purse and gives the brunette five dollars.  
I asked the blonde nurse why she had a red magic marker. She said it’s easier to draw blood with it. 
To prepare for her UK vacation, the blonde went on a high-calorie weight gain diet. She'd heard she could pay for things there in pounds.
Why can’t a blonde dial 911? She can’t find the eleven.
Who has blonde hair, blue eyes and lives in Sweden? Salman Rushdie.
A blonde woman goes up for helicopter lessons. She arrives at the air field raring to go.  She does her ground school and heads up in the helicopter with the trainer.  She does well so the trainer decides to let her take it up on her own. The instructor heads back to the tower and instructs her to take off and head to an area just outside of the airfield.  She takes off flawlessly and is heading in the direction of the clearing. All of a sudden, the helicopter drops out of the sky and crashes to the ground.  The trainer, horrified, rushes to the scene of the accident. He arrives and sees the blonde pilot walking away from the crash seemingly unscathed. Flabbergasted, he asks her "Are you alright? What happened?"  She responded, "It gets really cold up there and that giant fan really doesn't help so I decide to turn it off." 
[Blonde] Two blondes arrive at St. Peter... ...and he promises to forgive all sins and enter Paradise only to the one who answers the question correctly. Sv. Peter asked first blonde to tell him what was Easter. The first blonde said, I know, I know ... It's that holiday on the winter, when we decorate a christmas tree in the house and celebrate the birth of baby Jesus! Sv. Peter immediately sent her to hell. The second blonde said, Easter is a Christian holiday that is celebrated in the spring, everything started when after the secret dinner Romans caught Jesus because one of his disciples betrayed him, Romans condemned him to death, made him carry a crown of thorns and crucified him to the cross. When he died, he was buried in the cave and a huge stone was placed on the entrance ... Sv. Peter was impressed, he cant believe what he heard, and she continues: ... And then every spring the stone moves, Jesus goes out and if he sees his shadow, we will have six more weeks of winter ....
A blonde woman goes outside and checks her mail. Her neighbour notices this, and greets her as he does everyday, and the woman returns inside.  Five minutes later, the woman comes back outside to once again check her mail. The neighbour notices this, but thinks nothing of it.   A further five minutes passes by, and yet again the blonde woman comes outside to check her mail. Curious, the neighbour asks the woman why she keeps on coming to check on her mail.   She responds, “My computer says I have mail!”
A blonde girl walks into a library and loudly exclaims, "I'll have a cheeseburger with fries" The librarian stares at her questioningly and says, "Madam, this is a library."  The blonde turns red with embarrassment and apologizes.   She leans in and whispers, "I'll have a cheeseburger and fries."
What's the difference between a blond and a mosquito? A mosquito stops sucking when you slap it.
Why didn't the blond dial 911? She couldn't find the "11"
[Blonde] A blonde enters a shop... And asks whats the price of that TV over there, and guy who works there says: sorry we dont serve blondes. She goes back home and dyes her hair in black. Next day she goes again to the same shop and asks again: whats the price of that TV over there? Guy says again, sorry we dont serve blondes. She said: But how did you know i was blonde? Thats not a TV, thats a microwave  EDIT: sorry i really dont know how to use those tags
Two blonde girls met on a road ... \-Hey..I heard that you broke up with your boyfriend, aren't you bit lonely now?-ask one.  \-No,I bought a skunks and now he is licking my...  \-Oww...but it does not stink ?  \-yehh,he was throwing up for 2 weeks but then he get used to it.
A boss finds one of his blonde employees crying in her cubicle. He asks her what's wrong and she tells him, "My mom died!"  He tells her, "I'm sorry, you should take the rest of the day off to be with your family."  The blonde replies, "But that's not even the worse thing that happened... My sister just called, and her mom died too!"
A blonde walks into a pharmacy... A blonde walks into a pharmacy looking for a thermometer, the pharmacist tells her he has the worlds best thermometer in the back.  When they get through the back the pharmacist drops his trousers to reveal his little limp dick. The blonde woman immediately puts it in her mouth and waits, after a few mins the pharmacist takes his dick out her mouth and say sorry madam it’s actually an anal thermometer
How do you know when a blonde is stressed out? When she has a tampon in her ear and she's looking for a pencil
Why was the blonde all battered and bruised after raking leaves? Because she fell of the tree!
Why was the blonde fired from the M&amp;Ms factory? Because she threw out all the Ws
A blonde is walking beside a railway track. A brunette passes her on the tracks skipping and singing "21, 21, 21..." The blonde eagerly asks "May I join you?" The brunette nods, and says, "You may, but only if you can REALLY concentrate." "I can do that!" exclaims the blonde happily. And so, they both proceed to skip along the middle of the track, singing "21, 21, 21..." After some time, the brunette hears the whistle of a coming train behind them. So, she steps off the track. However, the blonde is concentrating so deeply on the singing and skipping, she is oblivious to fhe danger behind her. She is struck by the train, and is killed instantly. Once the train has passed, the brunette steps back onto the track. She resumes skipping down the track, and begins to sing again. "22, 22, 22..."
The blonde that tried. A blonde was really tired of being made fun of, so she decided to have her hair dyed so she would look like a brunette. When she had brown hair, she decided to take a drive in the country. After she had been driving for a while, she saw a farmer and a flock of sheep and thought, "Oh! Those sheep are so adorable!" She got out and walked over to the farmer and said, "If I can guess how many sheep you have, can I take one home?" The farmer, being a bit of a gambler himself, said she could have a try. The blonde looked at the flock and guessed, "157." The farmer was amazed - she was right! So the blonde, (who looked like a brunette), picked one out and got back into her car. Before she left, farmer walked up to her and said, "If I can guess the real color of your hair, can I have my dog back?"
Why couldn’t the blonde dial 911? She couldn’t find the eleven.
How can you tell a blonde was using the computer? There is curtains on the screen.
Who you gonna believe, the fake blonde with big tits... or Stormy Daniels?
A blonde gets on an elevator... ...Her boss gets on too.  Blonde: "TGIF"   Boss: "Huh?"   Blonde: "TGIF, you know, Thank goodness it's Friday."   Boss: "S. H. I. T."   Blonde: "Huh?"   Boss: "Sorry Honey It's Thursday"
What's the difference between a blonde and a guy? The blonde has a higher sperm count.
A confused blonde asks her boyfriend to help her assemble a puzzle she bought in the supermarket. She tells her boyfriend that the puzzle formed a chicken, since a picture of a chicken was on the box.  Eager to help, her boyfriend asked her to bring him the puzzle as soon as possible.  The blonde brings the puzzle to her boyfriend's house. When she sees her boyfriend, she shows him the box, and pours out the pieces in front of him.  When the blonde's boyfriend sees this, he looks at her and starts laughing. Once he calms down, he tells the blonde:  "Put the cornflakes back in the box, babe."
A blonde came up to the librarian and yelled, "This book sucks! There's way too many characters and the story makes no sense!" The librarian said, "So you're the one who took our phone book."
Q: Why can't a blonde dial 911? A: She can't find the eleven.
A blonde is pregnant. Brunette: Boy or girl?  Blonde: I want my first daughter to be a girl.
Another blonde joke: So this blonde (let's call her Staci) is driving along the highway... She sees a blonde woman in the middle of freshly ploughed farmer's field, sitting in a row boat, rowing like crazy.  Staci is livid! She pulls over and races over to the fence to give the woman an earfull.  "You stupid, moronic cow! Can't you see you're perpetuating a baseless stereotype about hair colour?!!"  "If I was a better swimmer I'd come out there and kick your ass!!"
So a blonde wants to buy a new tv So she gets to the store and picks the tv she likes but then a member of staff stops her and says: "sorry we dont sell to blondes", more confused than offended she walks out the store.  When she got home she thought of a plan that will allow her to buy a tv: to dye her hair black. So the next morning she comes back to the store, this time with black hair. When she asks for the model she wants another member of stafg tells her: "sorry we dont sell to blondes" the blonde was confused but realized she probably had a bit of hair she missed.  The blonde really wanted that tv so when she comes home she goes and buys a super expensive ginger wig, she makes sure theres no way to tell she is blonde, and the next morning she goes back to the store.  When she gets to the store ahe picks her tv, this time fully confident that she will buy it. When she picks her tv the staff member tells her again "sorry we dont sell to blondes". Utterly shocked she asks him: "how did you know i was blonde each time i was here?"   "Only a blonde would pick a microwave as her favorite tv"
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and an old lady are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness.  On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.  The old lady thinks, “I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.”  The blonde thinks, “I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the old lady for me and she slapped him.”  The Frenchman thinks, “I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.”  The Englishman thinks, “I can’t wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.”
A blonde is overweight, so her doctor puts her on a diet.  “I want you to eat regularly for two days, then skip a day, and repeat the procedure for two weeks. The next time I see you, you’ll have lost at least five pounds.”  When the blonde returns, she’s lost nearly 20 pounds.  “Wow, that’s amazing!” the doctor says.  “Did you follow my instructions?”  The blonde nods…  “I’ll tell you, I’d thought I was going to drop dead that third day.”  “From hunger, you mean?” said the doctor.  “No, from skipping,” replied the blonde.  
What's Blonde and dead in a closet? The Hide and Seek champion from 1995.
A blonde walks into an electronics store.... (yes, probably a repost. I love it though)  ...and says to the nearby salesperson, "I'd like to buy this TV please"  To which he replies "We don't sell to blondes."  So she goes out and dyes her hair brown, comes back in, and calls him over again. Same response, "We don't sell to blondes."  To which, she dyes her hair black. Same result. In a last-ditch attempt, she dyes her hair bright lime green, goes back in, is told the same thing, and finally snaps. "What do you mean you won't sell to blondes? I've come in with my hair every color of the rainbow!"  In response, the man looks around for a moment, then says, quietly, "Because that's a microwave ma'am."
You know a blonde is having a bad day... When she has a tampon behind her ear and she can't find her pencil.
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette were all lost in the desert They found a lamp and rubbed it. A genie popped out and granted them each one wish.   The redhead wished to be back home. Poof! She was back home.   The brunette wished to be at home with her family. Poof! She was back home with her family.   The blonde said, "Awwww, I wish my friends were here."
Why do brunettes color their hair blonde? So people will say "look at that blonde girl!", instead of "look at that fat girl!".
What is the blonde doing when she holds her hands tightly over her ears? Trying to hold on to a thought.
A blonde, wanting to earn some money, decided to hire herself out as a handyman-type and started canvassing a wealthy neighborhood. She went to the front door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do.    "Well, you can paint my porch. How much will you charge?" asked the man.  The blonde said "How about 50 dollars?"    The man agreed and told her that the paint and other materials that she might need were in the garage. The man's wife, inside the house, heard the conversation and said to her husband, "Does she realize that the porch goes all the way around the house?"    The man replied, "She should, she was standing on it."   A short time later, the blonde came to the door to collect her money.   "You're finished already?" he asked.    "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats."    Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50.   "And by the way," the blonde added, "it's not a Porch, it's a Ferrari."
A blonde walks into an appliance store. She asks the clerk " Hi, how much is that pink Television?" the clerk replies "Sorry, but we don't sell to blondes". She screams discrimination but eventually accepts defeat and walks out.She dyes her hair black, wears sunglasses and goes back the next day, "What's the price for that pink Television?" she asks the clerk but he recognises her and again tells her that they don't serve blondes, defeated she leaves the store. She goes back next day wearing a Hijab and in her best Arabian accent says " Excuse me but how much for that pink television?" the clerk again says that its store policy to not sell to blondes. Frustrated, the blonde asks " How do you know Im a blonde? You cant even see my hair", the clerk looks at her and says " Because madam, that is an oven"
Why is a blonde woman not able to breaststroke? Because she turns on her back when she gets wet.
Why can't the blonde call 911? Because she can't find the '11' button on the phone.
Blonde joke Seriously...you should see this jokes luscious locks
What is positive about beeing blonde? You are allowed to park your car in the disabled spot     (Dont know if it have been done before, no energy to scroll  through the endless thread)
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? The blonde doesn't stop sucking after you smack it.
Blonde joke A blonde woman is driving her car when she crashes. When the police arrive she tells them the man she collided with was on his phone and drinking a can of beer.  The police said back to her “he can do what he wants in his own living room”
A blonde who was tired of all the blonde jokes going around and decided to dye her hair brown. She then went for a drive in the country and came upon a shepherd herding his sheep across the road.  "Hey, shepherd! If I guess how many sheep there are here, can I keep one?" The shepherd is puzzled but agrees. Out of the blue, she blurts out "352!" He is stunned but keeps his word and allows her to pick out a sheep. She picks out the cutest one.  He looks at her and says "If I guess what color your hair really is, can I have my dog back?"
My blonde roommate walked into the bathroom with an undercooked steak, camera, and towel. She said "I'm getting some snaps of a rare, meatier shower."
Blonde on a plane A PLANE IS ON ITS WAY TO TORONTO , WHEN A BLONDE IN ECONOMY CLASS GETS UP AND MOVES TO THE FIRST CLASS SECTION AND SITS DOWN.  THE FLIGHT ATTENDANT WATCHES HER DO THIS AND ASKS TO SEE HER TICKET.  SHE THEN TELLS THE BLONDE THAT SHE PAID FOR ECONOMY CLASS AND THAT SHE WILL HAVE TO SIT IN THE BACK.  THE BLONDE REPLIES, "I'M BLONDE, I'M BEAUTIFUL, I'M GOING TO TORONTO AND I'M STAYING RIGHT HERE."  THE FLIGHT ATTENDANT GOES INTO THE COCKPIT AND TELLS THE PILOT AND THE CO-PILOT THAT THERE IS A BLONDE BIMBO SITTING IN FIRST CLASS, THAT BELONGS IN ECONOMY AND WON'T MOVE BACK TO HER SEAT.  THE CO-PILOT GOES BACK TO THE BLONDE AND TRIES TO EXPLAIN THAT BECAUSE SHE ONLY PAID FOR ECONOMY SHE WILL HAVE TO LEAVE AND RETURN TO HER SEAT.  THE BLONDE REPLIES, "I'M BLONDE, I'M BEAUTIFUL, I'M GOING TO TORONTO AND I'M STAYING RIGHT HERE."  THE CO-PILOT TELLS THE PILOT THAT HE PROBABLY SHOULD HAVE THE POLICE WAITING WHEN THEY LAND TO ARREST THIS BLONDE WOMAN WHO WON'T LISTEN TO REASON.  THE PILOT SAYS, "YOU SAY SHE IS A BLONDE? I'LL HANDLE THIS, I'M MARRIED TO A BLONDE. I SPEAK BLONDE."  HE GOES BACK TO THE BLONDE AND WHISPERS IN HER EAR, AND SHE SAYS, "OH, I'M SORRY." AND GETS UP AND GOES BACK TO HER SEAT IN ECONOMY.  THE FLIGHT ATTENDANT AND CO-PILOT ARE AMAZED AND ASKED HIM WHAT HE SAID TO MAKE HER MOVE WITHOUT ANY FUSS.  "I TOLD HER, 'FIRST CLASS ISN'T GOING TO TORONTO."   (Sorry for the all caps... I copy and pasted from a friend's fb post)
So an Irishman, a Mexican, and a Blond are sitting down for lunch at their construction site.... The Irishman opens his pail and says, "CORNED BEEF! My wife always makes me corned beef....If she makes it tomorrow, I'm gonna jump off the platform and kill myself." The mexican open his lunch pail saying, "Tacos... my wife always makes tacos. If she makes it again I'll kill myself too." The blond opens his lunch pail and yells out, "Ham sandwiches! I am sick and tired of ham sandwiches! If there is ham sandwiches tomorrow I'll jump off as well." So the next say comes. The irishman sees corned beef and jumps, the mexican sees tacos and jumps, and the blond sees ham sandwiches and jumps. At the funeral the irishman's wife is crying. "If only he had told me he didn't want corned beef I would have made him something else." The mexican's wife exclaims the same, and then they look over to the blond's wife. She stares back at them and says, "Don't look at me, he made his own damn lunch."
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead come across a white puddle in the middle of the apartment hall... The brunette looks at it and goes, "It looks like semen."  The redhead sniffs at it and goes, "It smells like semen."  The blonde tastes it and goes, "It's not from anyone in this building."
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are stranded on an island... ... that’s not far from the mainland, so the redhead decides to try and swim to mainland, she makes it about 1/3 the way there, but gets tired and drowns. So the brunette decides to try and swim to shore, she makes it about 2/3 there, but gets tired and drowns. So then the blonde decides to have a go at it, she starts swimming, makes it halfway there, but then gets tired and swims back to the island
A blonde saw a thermos at the department store and asked the clerk what it was. The clerk said "Well, that's a thermos!" The blonde asked "What does it do?" The clerk replied "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold!" so the blonde bought it.  The next day the blonde's boss, also blonde, walked by her office and saw the thermos on her desk. "What is that?" the boss asked. "Well, that's a thermos!" she replied. Her boss asked "What does it do??" The blonde said "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold!"   "That's amazing!" said the boss. "What do you have in it?", to which the blonde replied "Two cups of coffee and a popsicle!"
A blonde goes to a ventriloquist show The guy is doing his act and at some point starts with jokes about blondes. Infuriated the blonde gets up and shouts: "It's because of shows like this that people don't take blondes seriously! You should be ashamed of yourself for putting down all the blondes... nay, all the women, with your misogynistic jokes! I am sick and tired of people making fun of blondes and women in general!"   The guy stops his act and start apologetically: "ok m'am, I did not know you feel so strongly about this...."   "And YOU sir!" shouts the blonde... "please do not intervene, I was talking to that asshole in your lap!"   
What is the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? When you slap a mosquito, it stops sucking. 
A Blonde Woman Asks For A $5000 Loan A blonde woman walks into a bank in NYC before going on vacation and asks for a $5,000 loan.   The banker asks, "Okay, miss, is there anything you would like to use as collateral?"   The woman says, "Yes, of course. I'll use my Rolls Royce."   The banker, stunned, asks, "A $250,000 Rolls Royce? Really?"   The woman is completely positive. She hands over the keys, as the bankers and loan officers laugh at her. They check her credentials, make sure she is the title owner. Everything checks out. They park it in their underground garage for two weeks.   When she comes back, she pays off the $5,000 loan as well as the $15.41 interest.  The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very appreciative of your business with us, but I have one question. We looked you up and found out that you are a multi-millionaire. Why would you want to borrow $5,000?"   The woman replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
Why couldn't the blonde dial 911? She couldn't find the eleven.
A blonde is driving her car... when she sees another blonde trying to row a boat in a corn field.  Angrily, she pulls over and jumps out of the car and yells,  "It's people like you that give blondes a bad name.  If I could swim I'd come out there and kick your ass."
Another blonde joke A blonde reports for her university final exam. The exam consists mainly of true or false questions.   She takes her seat in the examination hall, stares at the question paper for five minutes, and then in a fit of inspiration takes her purse out, removes a coin and starts tossing the coin. She marks the answer sheet 'true' for heads and 'false' for tails.   Within thirty minutes she is all done, whereas the rest of the class is still working furiously.   During the next few minutes, she is seen desperately throwing the coin, swearing and sweating. The moderator, alarmed, approaches her and asks what is happening.   "I finished the exam," she replies. "Now I'm rechecking my answers."
A blonde and her husband are lying in bed listening to the next door neighbors dog. The blonde jumps up out of bed and says, “I’ve had enough of this,” and she goes downstairs. The blonde finally comes back up to bed and her husband says, “The dog is still barking, what have you been doing?” The blonde says, “I put the dog in our backyard, let’s see how THEY like it.”
A blonde woman was speeding down the road in her little red sports car and was pulled over by a police officer who was also a blonde. The blonde cop asked to see the blonde’s drivers license. She dug through her purse and was getting progressively more agitated.   “What does it look like?” She finally asked. The police women replied, “It’s square and it has your picture on it.”  The driver finally found a square mirror in her purse, looked at it and handed it to the police woman. “Here it is.” She said.  The blonde officer looked at the mirror, then handed it back saying, “Okay, you can go. I didn’t realize that you were a cop.....”
I went on a date with a blonde woman last night. "Do you have any kids?" she asked.  "Yes," I replied. "I have one child that's just under two."  She said, "I might be blonde, but I know how many one is."
A Blonde and a Brunette are on an elevator... The doors open before their stop and a gentleman gets on. A few floors later the doors open and the gentleman exits. When the doors shut,  Brunette -  “He needed some Head &amp; Shoulders.”  After a few seconds.  Blonde - “How do you give shoulders?”
Smart blonde joke Whoah, I know. Here it is: so a blonde walks into a bank and asked to borrow a $500 loan. The bank needs some colleratal so she gives the bank her Rolls Royce. After a couple of months she comes back and promptly pays the loan back. The bank clerk asked why she borrowed the money if she could pay it back easily.  She said, "cheapest parking in San Francisco."
What happens when a blonde throws a hand grenade at you? Pick it up, pull out the pin and throw it back. 
A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so...  A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair, so she goes to a gun shop and buys a handgun. The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead. She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head. The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself. Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, ''Shut up...you're next!'' 
How do you know that a blonde is baking chocolate chip cookies? All the m&amp;m shells on the floor.
Why does a blonde go to a room corner, when she feels cold? Because corner has 90 degrees...
Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble.  In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull so that they can breed their own stock.  The brunette balances their checkbook, then takes their last $600 dollars out west to another ranch where a man has a prize bull for sale. Upon leaving, she tells her sister, "When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home."  The brunette arrives at the man’s ranch, inspects the bull, and decides she does want to buy it. The man tells her that he can sell it for $599, no less.  After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news.  She walks into the telegraph office, and says, "I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pick-up truck and drive out here so we can haul it home."  The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, "It’s just 99 cents a word."  Well, with only $1 left after paying for the bull, the brunette realizes that she’ll only be able to send her sister one word.  After thinking for a few minutes, she nods, and says, “I want you to send her the word, 'comfortable.'”  The telegraph operator shakes his head. "How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pick-up truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her the word, 'comfortable'?" The brunette explains, "My sister’s blonde. She’ll read it slow."
A blonde bought two horses... ..., and could never remember which was which. A  neighbor suggested that she cut the tail of one horse and that worked  great until the other horse got his tail caught in a bush. It tore just  right and looked exactly like the other horse's tail and our friend was  stuck again.   The neighbor suggested she notch the ear off one horse. That worked fine  until the other horse caught his ear on a barbed wire fence. Once again  our friend couldn't tell them apart. The neighbor suggested she measure  the horses for height. When she did, she was very pleased to find that  the white horse was 2 inches taller than the black.
A police officer and a hot blonde One day while on patrol, a police officer pulled over a car for speeding. He went up to the car and asked the driver to roll down her window. The first thing he noticed, besides the nice red sports car, was how hot the driver was! Drop dead blonde, the works.  "I've pulled you over for speeding, Ma'me.... could I see your drivers license...?"  "...What's a license...???" replied the blonde, instantly giving away the fact that she was as dumb as a stump.  "It's usually in your wallet..." replied the officer. After fumbling for a few minutes, the driver managed to find it. "Now may I see your registration..." asked the cop.  "Registration..... what's that....?" asked the blonde. "It's usually in your glove compartment..." said the cop impatiently. After some more fumbling, she found the registration. "I'll be back in a minute..." said the cop and walked back to his car.  The officer phoned into the dispatch to run a check on the woman's license and registration. After a few moments, the dispatcher came back;  "Ummm.... is this woman driving a red sports car?" "Yes...." replied the officer "Is she a drop dead gorgeous blonde?" asked the dispatcher "Uh... yes" replied the cop.  "Here's what you do...." said the dispatcher. "Give her the stuff back, and drop your pants..."  "WHAT!!? I can't do that. Its..... inappropriate..." exclaimed the cop.  "Trust me..... just do it...." said the dispatcher.  So the cop goes back to the car, gives back the license and registration and drops his pants, just as the dispatcher said. The blonde looks down and sighs..... "Ohh no... not ANOTHER breathalyzer......"  
A blonde was on vacation in the depths of Louisiana .She wanted a pair of genuine alligator shoes, but didn't want to pay the high prices. After unsuccessfully haggling with of one of the shopkeepers, the blonde said, "Maybe I'll just go out and catch my own alligator, so I can get a pair of shoes at a reasonable price." Later in the day, the shopkeeper spotted the young woman standing waist deep in the water, shotgun in hand.  She took aim at an alligator, killed it and hauled it onto the swamp bank. Lying nearby were several more of the dead creatures. The shopkeeper watched in amazement as the blonde flipped the alligator on its back and shouted in frustration, "Damn, this one isn't wearing any shoes either."
A lawyer is at an airport and starts feeling really bored while waiting for his flight. He notices that he’s sitting next to a blonde woman. She’s reading a book. He assumes that the woman is an idiot because she’s a blonde.  “Hey, I want to play a game. I’ll ask you a question, and then you ask me a question, and we’ll see who answers the most right.”  “Thanks but no thanks, I’m trying read this book.”  “How about this, if we don’t know the answer, we’ll give each other $5?”  The blonde woman shakes her head.  “How about you give me $5 if you don’t know the answer and I give you $500 if I don’t know the answer.”  The blonde woman shrugs, “Alright.”  “What countries neighbor Tajikistan?”  The woman gives him $5 and he laughs.  “What has 12 legs at birth but loses 1 every time it rains?”  The lawyer looks at her with a confused expression. He repeats the question to himself multiple times and starts to look it up on the internet. The woman goes back to reading while the lawyer reads every single website he could find. He spent hours searching and started calling friends and family members to see if they knew. Eventually, his flight arrived. The lawyer sighed in defeat and handed the woman $500. She smiled and took his money.   “So what’s the answer?”  She gave him $5.
A blonde is looking for a job On the first day she applied for a clerk in a business firm and had an interview. When she's finished the manager said,"I'm afraid you're not capable of the duty."  On the second day she applied for the McDonald's and had an interview. The manager kicked her out and said,"you dumb get lost."  Her friends laughed at her and don't think she would ever get a job.  On the third day she proudly announced to her friends that she earned a job at a research centre. Everyone was amazed, asked"what research centre?"  The blonde smiled and and answered with great confidence,"a human intellgence research centre."  "What is your post then?"  "The research subject."
A blonde wants to smoke a cigarette A blonde wants to smoke a cigarette. It is 3am. But there is no electricity in the house. She searches for her lighter in the darkness for some time but to no avail. At last, disheartened, she blows out her candle and goes to sleep.
A blonde walks into a bar... ...rubs her head and says "ouch!'.
Three women, a blonde, a brunette, and a redhead, are stuck on a deserted island... they find a genie who grants each of them a wish. “What is your wish?” The Island Genie asks the redhead. Redheaded woman replies, “I wish I was ten times smarter so I could figure out how to get off this island.” *Poof* The redhead suddenly gets the idea to build a fire to signal and wait for hopes of rescue.  “What is your wish?” The Island Genie then asks the brunette.  Brunette woman replies, “I wish I was a hundred times smarter so I could figure out how to get off this island.” *Poof* The brunette finds the wits to construct a raft and sails into the sunset.   Finally, “What is your wish?” The Island Genie asks the blonde. Blonde woman shouts, “I wish I was a MILLION TIMES smarter so I could figure out how to get off this island.” *Poof* The blonde turns into a man and walks across the bridge.
A blond gets on a plane She sits down in a first class seat even though she bought a ticket for coach. The flight attendants all try to tell her she needs to find her correct seat, but she refuses.   Finally the pilot comes and sits down next to her and the blond moves to her correct seat in coach.   The flight attendants were in disbelief saying “How did you pull that off!” The pilot said “I told her the front of the plane was going to Chicago and the back was going to Los Angeles.”
A dumb blonde, a smart blonde, and an antivaxx adult find a $100 bill on the ground, who picks it up? The dumb blonde, because the other two don't exist.  EDIT: antivaxx -&gt; unvaccinated
Did you hear about the blonde who had her nose stuck between elevator doors? She got quite a facelift. 
Why did the blonde climb onto the roof? Because she heard the drinks were on the house!
Why did the blonde have a bruised bellybutton? Because blond men are stupid too
blonde cop pulls over a blonde driver * **cop:** License please.  * **blonde:** What is a license?  * **cop:** it goes in your wallet, has a picture of you on it!  As the blonde driver digs through her purse, after a while she pulls an object out, looks at it for a second, smiles, says "Found it! Here you go officer!" and hands a mirror to the cop. The cop takes off her aviators, looks in the mirror, rolls her eyes, and hands it back to the driver.  * **cop** If I knew you were a cop, I wouldn't have pulled you over!
Ice Fishing Blonde A blonde wanted to take up a new hobby so decided to take up ice  fishing. She got all of the equipment and set off to start her new  hobby. She found a piece of ice and cut a small circular hole in it. On went the worm on the hook  at end of her fishing rod and in went the line into  the water. Minutes later a voice came from above which said "there are  no fish under the ice!" Confused she moved further down the patch of ice  that she had found. Once again, she cut a small circular hole in to the  ice and in went her rod. Once again a booming voice made her jump.  "there are no fish under the ice!" Confused she stuttered "God, God is  that you?" "No this is not God, this is the manager of the ice rink!"  
Blind guy walks into a bar. He sits down, orders a beer and after a while asks the bartender if she wants to hear a blonde joke. The barkeep replies, "Before you say anything else, you should probably know that I'm a blonde. So is the woman sitting next to you. There are also a couple of blondes playing pool behind you, one of them is twice your size. So, you still wanna tell the joke?" The blind guy pauses for a second, then shakes his head and replies, "Goodness, no. I don't want to have to explain it four times."
She was what we called a ‘suicide blonde’... Dyed by her own hand.
Why does the blonde have smudges on the inside of her windshield? She needs to drag her finger across the words as she's reading street signs.  Note: I just made this up. However, please tell me if someone else has a similar one.  Edit: I'm really impressed with the suggestions for improvement. Who wants to start a sub-reddit for workshopping jokes?  Edit 2: Wow! This really blew up overnight. And one awesome redditor started r/jokeshop for us! Head over now and enjoy.  Edit 3: I was just made aware of r/joke_workshop that also just popped up. I guess you can post to both and be a real OC joke slut.
What is the difference between a blonde and a refrigerator? The refrigerator doesn't scream when you put the meat in it. 
Why do blonde girls have such big belly buttons? Because they date blonde guys
So I was dating this one blonde girl and decided that I was going to tan So I was dating this blonde girl and decided that I was going to tan before we went to dinner that night. So I got out on my roof,fully nude, and laid out. While laying on my back, I accidentally fell asleep on the roof, causing me to get a BAD sunburn everywhere including my pecker. However, I didn’t want to ruin the night so I lathered on some aloe Vera, wrapped my man parts up with gauze and went to dinner. After dinner we went back to my place to watch a movie. While watching the movie my jewels became very uncomfortable, so I excused myself and went into the kitchen, poured a big ole glass of milk and soaked my pecker in it. Right as I put it in the milk my girlfriend walked around the corner, saw me with my willie in milk, and said “Oh! That’s how you refill those things!!!”
Why blond girls don't like to eat pretzels ? Because they get mad trying to untie the knots before eating them.
What’s the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? When you slap a mosquito it stops sucking. 
From my dad: What do you get when a topless blonde rubs sun tanning oil on a topless brunette? Your camera.
How did the blonde get pregnant? Her teacher told her to do an ese.
What do you call a blonde smarter than your average blonde ? A bottle blonde . 
A Blonde woman took a vibrator back to the sex shop and said that it was faulty, shop owner turned it on and said there is nothing wrong with it, Blonde says how come then? It knocked my front teeth out.
A blonde walked into a shoe shop and saw a pair of shoes made from alligator skin... A blonde walked into a shoe shop and saw a pair of shoes made from alligator skin that she liked.  “How much for these shoes?” – she asked the store manager.  “$300” – he replied.  “That’s too expensive! Can’t you bring the price down?” – the blonde.  The store manager said he couldn’t,and got irritated when the blonde persisted.  Finally, after arguing with her for awhile he said, "There's a pond with alligators behind the store! Why don't you kill an alligator and get your alligator shoes free?!" – he yelled.  “Fine. I will.” – the blonde replied.  After two hours, the manager got a bit worried that the blonde might have come to harm with the alligators. He decided to go out and check on her.  When he arrived at the pond, he saw the blonde lugging a dead alligator and flinging it on the ground next to 7 other dead ones.  Before he could ask what she was doing, she wailed “Oh my gosh! This one doesn’t have any shoes either!”
A Blonde Woman Asks For A $5000 Loan A blonde woman walks into a bank in NYC before going on vacation and asks for a $5,000 loan.  The banker asks, "Okay, miss, is there anything you would like to use as collateral?"  The woman says, "Yes, of course. I'll use my Rolls Royce."  The banker, stunned, asks, "A $250,000 Rolls Royce? Really?"  The woman is completely positive. She hands over the keys, as the bankers and loan officers laugh at her. They check her credentials, make sure she is the title owner. Everything checks out. They park it in their underground garage for two weeks.  When she comes back, she pays off the $5,000 loan as well as the $15.41 interest.  The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very appreciative of your business with us, but I have one question. We looked you up and found out that you are a multi-millionaire. Why would you want to borrow $5,000?"  The woman replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
A blonde guy gets home early from work and hears strange noises coming from the bedroom. He rushes upstairs to find his wife naked on the bed, sweating and panting. “What’s up?” he says. “I’m having a heart attack,” cries the woman.  He grabs the phone, but just as he’s dialing, his 5-year-old son comes up and says, “Daddy! Daddy! Uncle Ted’s hiding in your closet and he’s got no clothes on!” The guy slams the phone down and storms upstairs into the bedroom, past his screaming wife, and rips open the wardrobe door. Sure enough, there is his brother, totally naked, cowering on the closet floor.   “You rotten bastard”, says the husband, “my wife’s having a heart attack and you’re running around naked scaring the kids!!!”
A blonde has achy feet, so her doctor recommends she soak them in sea water twice a day. She's never been to the beach before, so she's glad to have a good excuse to go there.  She gets a hotel room near the beach and takes two empty buckets down to the shore. There's a lifeguard up on the stand, so she asks him, "How much for two bucketfuls of your sea water?"  Happy to make some easy money, he tells her "$10 a bucket."  She pays, fills her buckets, and goes back to the hotel to soak her feet.  Later that day, she figures she needs new water for the second soak, so she goes back to the shore with her empty buckets. The lifeguard is still there, but now the tide has gone out.  She looks up at him and says "Wow, I guess business was good today!"
There was a blonde who found herself sitting next to a lawyer on an airplane. The lawyer just kept bugging the blonde wanting her to play a game of intelligence.  Finally, the lawyer offered her 10 to 1 odds, and said every time the blonde could not answer one ofhis questions, she owed him $5, but every time he could not answer hers, he’d give her $50.   The lawyer figured he could not lose, and the blonde reluctantly accepted.   The lawyer first asked, “What is the distance between the Earth and the nearest star?”   Without saying a word the blonde handed him $5. then the blonde asked, “What goes up a hill with 3 legs and comes back down the hill with 4 legs?”   Well, the lawyer looked puzzled. He took several hours, looking up everything he could on his laptop and even placing numerous air-to-ground phone calls trying to find the answer. Finally, angry and frustrated, he gave up and paid the blonde $50.  The blonde put the $50 into her purse without comment, but the lawyer insisted, “What is the answer to your question?” Without saying a word, the blonde handed him $5.
Why did the blonde put her iPad in the blender? She wanted apple juice.
Blonde lesbians next door got me a birthday gift. I think they misunderstood because I said "I wanna watch...."
A man sitting at the Bar has been telling some of his favourite blonde jokes when just as he starts to tell another he is interrupted by a blonde lady. She points to the table directly behind him and says "do you see those two blonde ladies? Well they are both professional UFC fighters and I myself am a black belt in karate.. are you sure you want to continue this joke?" Fuck no the man says, I'm not explaining it three times.
A blonde singer on our cruise ship seemed to be skipping one note in every song. She told us she was scared of getting lost at C.
A blonde called her boyfriend and said, “Please come over here and help me. I have a killer jigsaw puzzle, and I can’t figure out how to put it together or how to get it started.” Her boyfriend asked, “What is it supposed to be when it’s finished?” The blonde said, “ According to the picture on the box, it’s a tiger.” Her boyfriend decided to go over and help with the puzzle. She let him in and showed him where she had the puzzle spread out all over the table. He studied the pieces for a moment, looked at the box, then turned to her and said, “First of all, no matter what we do, we’re not going to be able to assemble these pieces into anything resembling a tiger.” He took her hand and said, “Second, I want you to relax. Let’s have a nice cup of hot chocolate and then.......” he sighed, ..... “Let’s put all of these Frosted Flakes back into the box.”  Edit: Thanks for the gold kind stranger!
A blonde walks into a shop and asks the worker “ how much for this tv?” The worker replies “sorry we don’t sell to blondes.”  So she leaves, goes home and dyes her hair, and comes back to the store a brunette. She then  asks the worker again “how much for this tv?”  He again replies with “sorry, we don’t sell to blondes.”  So she goes home yet again, dyes her hair red, and walks back to the store and asks “how much for this tv?”  The worker responds yet again with “sorry, we don’t sell to blondes”  The woman, in anger replies with “ HOW CAN YOU TELL IM A BLONDE??!!”  The man calmly states “that’s not a tv, it’s a microwave.”
A Blonde goes to buy clothes Shopkeeper asks "shall i show you plain shirts?",  The Blonde angrily replies "No dumb fuck, show me helicopter shirts."
A blind guy on a bar stool shouts to the bartender, “Wanna hear a blonde joke?” In a hushed voice, the guy next to him says, “Before you tell that joke, you should know something, our bartender IS blonde, the bouncer is blonde, Im a 6’ tall, 200lb black belt, the guy sitting next to me is 6’2”, weighs 225, and he’s a rugby player, the fella on your right is 6’5” pushing 300 and he’s a wrestler. Each on of US is blonde. Think about it, Mister. Do you still wanna tell that joke?”  The blind guy says, “Nah, not if Im gonna have to explain it 5 times.”
Why don't Blonde like to make Kool-Aid Cause they can't figure out how to to put 2 Qts of water in to that little packet.
What do you call a blonde that dyes her hair? Artificial Intelligence
A blond guy on a bar stool yelled at the bartender: "wanna hear a blonde joke"? The bartender didn't really listen. He still told one.
A blonde goes to watch Jurassic World in 3D. Whenever dinosaurs run towards the audience, she is cowering in fear on her seat. The person next to her tells her "Don't be afraid, it's just a movie".   Blond replies, "I am a human, I can think, I know it's a movie. But that's a dumb beast, what does it know?".
A blonde woman read, in Cosmo, that milk is really good for your skin. Now this was a woman who wanted perfect skin all over so her master-plan was to fill up a bath, with milk, and soak for a few hours.  The next morning, the milkman arrived at the door and she asked "Hey, Mr Milkman, I wonder if you can help me here?"  "Of course, what's the problem?" he kindly replied.  "Well I want to fill up a bath with milk. Do you think tomorrow you could bring enough milk to fill up a bath please?" she explained.  The milkman, a little puzzled, replied "Err yes love, I guess I could. Pasteurised?"   Laughing, she responded, "No thanks, just up to my tits!".
Why did the blonde wear a tanktop to school? Because the constitution says you have the right to bear arms.
(Blonde joke I just remembered) A blonde and a brunette... A blonde and a brunette are walking in a shopping mall and spot a man with really bad dandruff. He has a look of visible anger on his face as he passes the two girls. The brunette says "Wow, that guy could use some Head &amp; Shoulders." The blonde says back "How do you give Shoulders?"
A blind man walks into a bar and sits on a stool. He orders a drink and says "hey, wanna here a good blonde joke"... The barmaid says "before you do, I should tell you my name is big Bertha, I'm the landlady and an ex wrestler and I'm a blonde.  Two feet away is big Brenda, she's a karate teacher and could squish you flat in a second, she's also a blonde, and in the corner over there is big Belinda, she's a shot putter by profession and also a blonde.  Are you sure you wanna tell this joke?"  The blind man sighs and says "no I don't think I'll bother, I don't want to have to explain the damn thing three times over"
A blonde is working on a puzzle... She calls her husband over and says, "This is the hardest jigsaw puzzle I've ever seen in my whole life!"   The husband responds, "What do you mean, honey?"   She says, "Well there's a picture of a tiger on the box, but looking at all these pieces, I don't see how in the world this is going to ever make picture of a tiger."  The husband says, "That's alright honey, let's just put all the cereal back in the box."  
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead walk into a bar This bar was a magical genie bar. They talk to the bartender who tells them. "There is a mirror that, if you tell the truth in, grants you your greatest wish. But beware, lying will cause you to disappear forever"  So, the brunette walks up to the mirror and confidently speaks. "I think I am the prettiest one here." And outside is her dream guy standing beside a brand new car.  The redhead sees this, walks up to the mirror and says, "I think I am the smartest one here." She gets a phone call of her dream guy saying he's waiting for her on their new yacht.  The blonde wants this too. She approaches the mirror, takes a deep breath, and speaks. "I think" Nobody has seen her since
What do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back
A blonde, brunette, and redhead are stuck on an island 100 miles away from mainland with no communication to anyone else. The brunette gets fed up with staying on the island with no one to save them so she starts swimming towards the mainland  she gets about 30 miles in, gets too tired and drowns  The redhead also gets too bored on the island and decides to swim for it  she gets 60 miles in and gets too tired and drowns  The blonde, now all alone with no rescue in sight decides to also attempt to swim for it.  she gets 50 miles in, gets tired, decides that she would rather wait for rescue and swims 50 miles back onto the island
A blond and a lawyer are seated next to each other on a plane from New York to Los Angeles. The flight is long. The lawyer ask the blond if she would like to play a game; he asks her a question and if she doesn't know she pays him a dollar and vice versa. Tired, she declines his offer politely , turn the other way and sleep. Persistent, the lawyer ask her again but she still refuses. Trying one last time thinking as she is a blond it would be an easy win he says:  -Look, if I get the answer right you pay me 5 but if I get it wrong I'll give you 50.   Utterly annoyed the blond turns towards him, giving him her full attention. Happy with himself he begins:  -Okay, first question: What's the distance between the sun and the moon?  Quietly, the blond takes out 5 dollars and give to him. She then ask:  -What goes up a hill with three legs but comes down with four?  The lawyer perplexed, think deeply. He takes out his laptop, search for the answer. Sending emails to his colleagues, friends and family for the answer but no luck. Finally after an hour, he abandons. He wakes her up and gives her the 50 dollars.  Frustrated, he asks her:  -So, what's the answer?  Quietly she take out 5 dollars and give it to him.
Blonde &amp; Pizza A blonde orders a pizza and is asked if she wants it cut into six or 12 pieces. She responds, „Six please. I could never eat 12 pieces.“
A brunette, a redhead, and a blonde are being chased by police. As they are running, they get cornered by the police with their guns trained on the trio. The brunette, thinking quickly, points behind the police and screams "Look, a tornado!". So the police look. While they are distracted, the brunette escapes. The redhead, seeing an opportunity, shouts "Look, a tsunami!". So the police look. While they are distracted, the redhead escapes. The blonde, seeing it work for her friends, shouts "Fire!". So the police fire.
A blonde wanted to hang a map up in her room and put pins in everywhere she had been After buying the map, she went to Japan. Then she went to Alaska. Then Antarctica. Then Australia. She finally went home and picked up her map.  "Now I can finally hang it up," she said.
A couple of blonde construction workers drove into a lumberyard. One of them walked into the office and said,"We need some 4x2s" The clerk said,"You mean 2x4s don't you?" The man said "Let me go check," and went back to the truck.He soon returned and said "Yes,2x4s." "Alright, how long do you need them?" asked the clerk. The man paused for a while and said"Let me go check." He returned to the office and said,"A long time.Were building a house."
Why did the blonde put candy on the Buddha's altar? To repay her caramel debt.
A blonde lady cop pulls over a blond lady driver The cop approaches and says license and registration please. The blonde driver says what’s a license? The blonde cop rolls her eyes and says it’s a little rectangular thing with your face on it. The driver searches in her purse and finds a make-up mirror, seeing her face she says Oh! Here it is. The blonde cop takes it looks at it and says Okay, you’re free to go. Why didn’t you tell me you were a police officer?
How do you confuse a blonde? Dress in green and throw forks at her.
During a recent password audit, it was found that a blonde was using the following password: “MickeyMinniePlutoHueyLouieDeweyDonaldGoofyNewYork” When asked why she had such a long password, she said she was told that it had to be at least 8 characters long and include at least one capital.
What is it called when a blonde has a headache? Phantom pain
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are all in the 9th Grade. Which one is the sexiest? The blonde because she's the only one that's 18
The Blonde at the Bus Stop In a crowded city at a busy bus stop, a woman who was waiting for a bus was wearing a tight leather skirt. As the bus stopped and it was her turn to get on, she became aware that her skirt was too tight to allow her leg to come up to the height of the first step of the bus. Slightly embarrassed and with a quick smile to the bus driver, she reached behind her to unzip her skirt a little, thinking that this would give her enough slack to raise her leg.  Again, she tried to make the step only to discover she still couldn't. So, a little more embarrassed, she once again reached behind her to unzip her skirt a little more. For the second time, attempted the step, and, once again, and much to her chagrin, she could not raise her leg. With a little smile to the driver, she again reached behind to unzip a little more and again was unable to make the step.  About this time, a large Texan who was standing behind her picked her up easily by the waist and placed her gently on the step of the bus.  She went ballistic and turned to the would-be good samaritan and screeched, "How dare you touch my body?! I don't even know who you are!'  The Texan smiled and drawled, "Well, ma'am, normally I would agree with you, but after you unzipped my fly three times, I kinda figured we was friends."
A blonde and a brunette are stuck in the elevator Blonde: Help! Help! Brunette: We should yell together! Blonde: Together! Together!
A blonde, a nun, a brit and a french guy in the train... Four people are sitting in the passenger car of a train. A hot blonde, a nun, a brit and a french guy. The train goes into a tunnel, there's total darkness for a brief moment, and all you can hear is a loud slap. As the train is leaving the tunnel, sunlight lights the scene up, and a confused french is holding his burning red cheek and looking around. The nun is thinking to herself "This scumbag probably tried to touch the blonde and she slapped him." The blonde is thinking "That scumbag was probably trying to touch me, touched the nun by accident and she slapped him." The french guy is thinking "I bet the brit was trying to touch one of them, they thought it was me and slapped me!" The brit is thinking "Next tunnel, I'm gonna slap him even harder." 
So a blonde goes to a lying competition The goal of the competition is to tell the most convincing, outrageous lie. The blonde thinks for days and days over what lie she is going to tell but she is never able to come up with a good one.  On the day of the competition, she walks up on stage, still lacking a good lie. She reaches for the microphone, grasping for any idea, and stares at the crowd. "hmm, let me think about this", she mutters to herself.  The crowd breaks into cheers and applause, confetti falls from the sky, and the Judge walks up to her, and gives her the first place award.  ( i think this is original, it works better the way my father said it in hindi, but it I hope yall like it)
There was 3 girls a blonde, brunette, and a redhead The 3 girls were running from some muggers. They then run into an alley where they come across 3 crates. In the crates are puppies kittens and potatoes. The brunette hops into the kitten crate, the redhead hops into the puppies crate and the potatoes one for the blonde. One guy opens the kitten crate and the brunette says,"meow" they open the puppy crate and the redhead says,"roof roof" Lastly they open the potato crate and the blonde says,"potato"
Why was the blonde so happy to finish a jigsaw puzzle in 6 months? Because it said 3-4 years
A blond is fed up with her life  A blond woman is fed up with life, so she goes out into the woods and hangs herself. A man walks through the woods, and sees the woman hanging from her waste on a rope tied to a tree.   "What are you doing?" - He asks.   "Hanging myself," she replies.   "Shouldn't the rope be around your neck?" he asks.   She replies, "I tried that, but I couldn't breathe." 
A readhead tells her blonde step-sister "I slept with 2 Brazilian guys last night!" The blonde replies, "Holy shit, you slut! How many is a Brazilian?"
A blonde, brunette, and red head are waiting in front of the pearly gates when God comes out to greet them "Usually I wouldn't let any of you girls in, but I'm having a good day. I'll give you all a deal. If you can climb my 1000 stair staircase and listen to a joke at each step without laughing I'll let you in." They all agree.  The brunette loses at the 100th step. The red head loses at the 500th step. The blonde makes it to the 999th step and begins to laugh hysterically . God asks her "You were so close, why did you laugh?"  She replies "I just got the first one."
A blonde goes shopping.. A blonde walked into an electronics store and said to the salesmen: "I want that tv." The salesperson shook his head and said, "No, we don't sell to blondes."  So the blonde left and came back with her hair dyed brown and said: "I'll take that tv."  Again the salesman said: "No, we don't sell to blondes."  So she left again and came back with her hair dyed black and said: "I want that tv."  But the salesman still said: "No, we don't sell to blondes."  Finally the blonde got fed up and said, "That's it! How'd you know I was a blonde?!" she asked.  The salesman answered: "Cause that's a microwave."
Why did the blonde girl remove the bathroom door? So that she can't be spied on through a keyhole.
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead ...a doctor, a lawyer and an accountant, a Brit, a German and an American, a priest, a rabbi, two camels and a duck walk into a bar.  The bartender looks at them all and says, "What is this? Some kind of joke?"
Blonde walks into a library.... Blonde walks into a library and says "I'll have a cheeseburger, fries, and medium Coke."   Librarian: "But ma'am, this is a library!"   Blonde: Oh I'm sorry... *(whispers) "I'll have a cheeseburger, fries and medium Coke"*
A blonde goes to the doctor The doctor pulls out the x-rays but before he could say a word, the blonde screams: "no wonder I feel sick! I have the grim reaper inside me!"
A priest, a rabbi, a blonde, a redneck, and a dog walk into a bar The bartender looks at them all and says "What is this kind of joke?"
A blonde walks into a bar...    She requests a drink, club soda the rocks, and waits for it, but doesn't get one. Nobody responds, and some turn their heads in confusion. She asks again: "Can I get a club soda over ice?" Still, nobody answers, and more people turn their heads. Finally, a man speaks up: *"Why are you talking to that lamp pole, miss?"*
What do you call a blonde turned upside down? [NSFW] a brunette with bad breath.
A girl was visiting her blonde... A girl was visiting her blonde friend, who had acquired two new dogs, and asked her what their names were.  The blonde responded by saying that one was named Rolex and one was named Timex.  Her friend said, 'Whoever heard of someone naming dogs like that?'  'HELLLOOOOOOO......,' answered the blonde. 'They're watch dogs'!
A redhead tells her blonde stepsister... A redhead tells her blonde stepsister, "I slept with a Brazilian...." The blonde replies, "Oh my God! You slut! How many is a brazilian?" 
A blonde gets on a plane with her friend and they take their seats. An hour or so after take off, they're handed an eye mask and pillow. The blonde ponders the in-flight entertainment for a moment, then puts on her eye mask and kicks back... when suddenly, the plane violently shakes and everyone starts to scream.  The hull of the plane tears open, ripping off the blonde's eye mask in an instant. She watches in horror as a number of passengers are torn from their seats and thrown out of the plane.   All around her, passengers are being decapitated by a flying debris. All she can do is stare at it all, gawping in awe.   The plane plummets as the wings are torn off and the fuel tanks explode. It crashes to the ground and glides through a thick jungle, slowly skidding to a stop.  The blonde is the only surviver.   Trembling with adrenaline, she nudges her dead friend with an elbow and shouts, "FUCKING HELL!! Have you tried these new VR goggles, they're incredible!!"
A blonde girl, Debby, drives behind a truck in her car She notices that the truck is losing its load, so when both the truck and her car come to a stop at a traffic light, Debby steps out and goes to tell the driver that he is losing his load. She stands next to the drivers door, and says: "Hello Sir, my name is Debby and you're losing your load." But the traffic light jumps to green and the truck driver drives further. "He must haven't heard me" Debby thinks. She gets in her car and follows the truck until it comes to a stop again for a traffic light. Debby gets out of her car and says, somewhat louder this time: "Hello Sir, my name is Debby and you're losing your load!" But the truck moves on. Debby, who's beginning to get irritated, gets in her car again and follows the truck until it finally comes to a stop once more. Debby gets out of her car and screams: "HELLO SIR, MY NAME IS DEBBY AND YOU'RE LOSING YOUR LOAD!" The truck driver opens his window and says: "Hello Ma'am, my name is Eric and I spread salt."
What's the difference between peanut butter and a blonde?  Peanut butter is difficult to spread. 
What's blond and won't let you camp? Anders Breivik
Why did the blonde get fired from the M&amp;M factory? She threw all the M&amp;M's out which had a 'W' on. 
Reddit, what is your best blonde joke? Please use the spoiler bar, I hate reading the punchline before the joke.
A blonde walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "Hey, I like that TV". The bartender says, "Sorry, I don't talk to blondes".  The next day the blonde dyes her hair red and walks into the same bar. She says again, "Hey, I like that TV".  The Bartender says, "Sorry, I don't talk to blondes".  The third day the blonde comes back, this time with her hair dyed brown. She says again, "Hey, I like that TV".  The Bartender says, "Sorry, I don't talk to blondes".  The woman asks the bartender, "How did you know I was the same person?"  The bartender replies, "Because that's not a TV, that's a microwave".
T.G.I.F (NSFW?) (Blonde) A blonde gets on an elevator and notices a handsome man standing alone.  She wants to strike up a conversation, so she says, "T.G.I.F."  The man replies, "S.H.I.T."  Thinking he must not have heard her correctly, the blonde repeats, "T.G.I.F."  Again, the man replies, "S.H.I.T."  Undeterred, she says, "T.G.I.F. - Thank God it's Friday!"  The man replies, "S.H.I.T. - Sorry Hon, it's Thursday."
A blonde gets pulled over for speeding. A blonde girl gets pulled over by a blonde police officer for speeding...  The Police officer asks for a drivers license &amp; the blonde starts going through her bag looking for it.  She's getting increasingly frustrated as she looks for the drivers license &amp; asks the police officer for assistance.  The blonde asks: "I'm having trouble finding it... Can you please tell me what it is suppose to look like?"  The officer responds: "Sure, it's just a square that has your picture on it."  After a bit more rustling through her bag, she pulls out a square mirror and hands it to the police officer.  The police officer looks at the mirror and says: "Oh, I'm so sorry... I didn't realise you were a police officer! You can go"  
A blonde encountered a brunette friend of hers and said, “I heard that you had died.” The brunette replied, “Well, you can see, I’m alive.”   To which the blonde said, “But I trust the redhead who told me more  than you.”
A blonde calls her friend... "Get here NOW! I made such a discovery!"  A friend comes over.  "Look!", blonde says, and turns off the light.  "Well, it's dark..."  "Do you know where the light went?"  "Um... No...?"  Blonde marches her friend to a refrigerator through the darkened apartment. Pulls the door open.  "Here!"
A blonde is out grocery shopping, but she's having trouble finding the Toasties.  So she asks one of the stockers, to which he replies "I'll see" and walks off.  After ten minutes passes without the stocker returning, she finds another stocker where she can find the Toasties, to which he replies "I'll see" and then walks off.  After ten minutes, she's fuming at the poor service, so she finds another stocker.  This time she demands he take her over to where the Toasties are shelved.  So he leads her past the baking goods in Aisle A, the condiments in Aisle B, to the Toasties in Aisle C.
How many light bulbs does it take to change a blonde? About 4 and some decent photo editing software.
A Blonde a Brunette and a Redhead walk into a bar  The bartender looks up and says hi ladies. I’m running a new contest. You have a chance to win a million dollars, new car or free drinks for a year.   He points to a mirror at the wall. “ That’s a magic mirror! You just have to look into the Mirror and say something about yourself but it has to be the truth, if not you disappear forever”  The girls excitedly agree to play.  The Brunette walks up and looks into the mirror and says “I’m the best looking woman in this bar.” The mirror rumbles and it says she wins a million dollars!  The Redhead is super excited and she looks into the mirror an says “I am the best kisser in here” the mirror rumbles and it says you won a car!  The Blond is very very excited.   “What do you think you will say” says the bartender.  The Blond walks up to the mirror smiling and she looks into it. She says “I think...... and poof she disappears 
What do you call it when a blonde dyes their hair brown... Artifical intelligence.
What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you? You pull the pin and throw it back.
A Blonde is Watching the News... A blond is watching the news with her husband when the newscaster announces that six Brazilian men died in a skydiving accident. The blond starts sobbing uncontrol-lably. Confused, her husband says, "It is sad, but they were skydiving. There were risks involved." After a few moments, the blond, still crying, asks, "How many is a Brazilian?"
A blonde rushes into a doctors office... A blonde rushes into a doctors office, visibly upset.  "I must see the doctor!" She says to the receptionist.  So she's taken into an examination room and is told the doctor will be in shortly.  The doctor comes in and sees that the woman is very nervous.  He's holding a chart. "What seems to be the problem?"  "Well..I'm not... But...  " She stammers.  "Just breathe easy..."  "Well... I just...  I just need to know if I can get pregnant by..." She wrings her hands and breathes deeply, "... by having sex in, you know, in the wrong place..?" She bites her lower lip and looks at the doctor practically in tears.  The doctor thinks for a moment and asks, " Do you mean anal sex?"  The blonde nods yes to this. and lowers her head in shame. The doctor puts down the chart and puts one hand on the women's elbow and uses the other hand to lift her chin so he can look her square in the eye.  "Listen to me very carefully.  Of course it is possible to get pregnant by having anal sex."  He pauses a moment and says, "Where do you think lawyers come from?"      
A blonde man is driving down the road when he sees another blonde guy sitting in a rowboat in the middle of a field. He pulls over and yells "its guys like you that give us blondes a bad rap! And you're lucky I can't swim or I'd come out there and kick your ass!"
Blonde suspects her boyfriend of cheating on her, so she goes out and buys a gun. She goes to his apartment unexpectedly and when she opens the door she finds him in the arms of a redhead.  Well, the blonde is really angry. She opens her purse to take out the gun, and as she does so she is overcome with grief.  She takes the gun and puts it to her head. The boyfriend yells, "No, honey, don't do it." The blonde replies, "Shut up, you're next."
Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch... Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble. In order to keep the bank from re-possessing the ranch they need to purchase a bull from a stockyard in a far-away town so that they can breed their own stock. They only have $600 left.   Upon leaving, the brunette tells her sister, "When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home."   The brunette arrives at the stockyard, inspects the bull, and decides she wants to buy it. The man tells her that he will sell it for $599, no less. After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news.   She walks into the telegraph office, and says, "I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pickup truck and drive out here so we can haul it home."   The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, "It's just 99 cents a word." Well, after paying for the bull, the brunette only has $1 left. She realizes that she'll only be able to send her sister one word. After a few minutes of thinking, she nods and says, "I want you to send her the word "comfortable."  The operator shakes his head. "How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pickup truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her just the word "comfortable?"   The brunette explains, "My sister's blonde. The word's big. She'll read it very slowly...  com-for-da-bull."
A man marries a gorgeous blonde She is perfect in bed, a ten to look at, he can't believe his luck. The whole wedding ceremony he couldn't wait to take her to their hotel suite and make sweet sweet love.  Later in the evening they are finally in bed, but she rejects him. "We can't now, honey!" He is dissapointed, but fine - she's probably tired. But the next night comes and she says the same thing. Again and again she keeps saying the same phrase: "We can't now!"  Finally the man breaks down and asks her, shaking with frustration "Why?! Why can't we do it? What are we waiting for?! I can't take it!" The blonde looks up at him. "But honey, we are family now! We can't have sex!" "Why?!" the man explodes. "Because sex between family members is incest, dummy!"
Blonde woman is driving a car *Police pulls her over*  Police walks to blondes car, opens door and pulls out the dick  Woman says: "Damn, that alcohol test again."
A blonde goes onto a game show. The game show goes something like this: There are 3 contestants and 100 jokes that the host tells. Once a contestant laughs at one of the jokes, they are out. If one of the contestants gets through all 100 jokes without laugh, they win a million dollars.  So the 3 contestants are a blonde, a brunette, and a ginger. So the game starts and the host tells a joke. The brunette bursts out laughing but the blonde and the ginger hold it in.  The game gets pretty intense, but the ginger gets out after the 65th joke. Now all the blonde has to do is stay in until the 100th joke and she wins a million dollars. The host tells the 99th joke, and suddenly the blonde starts cracking up.   After the game backstage, the host asks her how she got out when she was so close to winning, to which the blonde replies, "I got the first joke."
Jack and the Blonde Jack, a handsome man, walked into a sports bar around 9:58 pm.  He sat down next to this blonde at the bar and stared up at the TV as the 10:00 news came on. The news crew was covering a story of a man on a ledge of a large building preparing to jump.    The blonde looked at Jack and said,  "Do you think he'll jump?"   Jack says, "You know what, I bet he will."  The blonde replied, "Well, I bet he won't."  Jack placed $30 on the bar and said, "You're on!"    Just as the blonde placed her money on the bar, the guy did a swan dive off of the building, falling to his death.  The blonde was very upset and handed her $30 to Jack, saying, "Fair's fair... Here's your money."   Jack replied, "I can't take your money, I saw this earlier on the 5 o'clock news and knew he would jump."    The blonde replies, "I did too;  but I didn't think he'd do it again."  Jack took the money.
A blonde sits down in a bar next to a redhead. A blonde sits down in a bar next to a redhead. Both of them are having a good time when the news comes on.  The news reporter shouts out “a man is on the edge of a cliff attempting to jump!”  The redhead leans over to the blonde and whispers “I bet you $50 that the mans gonna jump” The blonde replies, “You’re on”.   A few moments later, the man jumps and the blonde turns to the redhead and hands over the $50.  The redhead starts to feel guilty and says “I can’t take your money, I saw the news earlier this morning, I knew he was gonna jump off the cliff”  The blonde says “well, I saw it too, but I didn’t think he was going to jump off again!”
Blond paints a porch... A blonde, wanting to earn some money, decided to hire herself out as a handyman-type and started canvassing a wealthy neighborhood. She went to the front door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do. "Well, you can paint my porch. How much will you charge?" The blonde said "How about 50 dollars?" The man agreed and told her that the paint and other materials that she might need were in the garage. The man's wife, inside the house, heard the conversation and said to her husband, "Does she realize that the porch goes all the way around the house?" The man replied, "She should, she was standing on it." A short time later, the blonde came to the door to collect her money. "You're finished already?" he asked. "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats." Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50. "And by the way," the blonde a dded, "it's not a Porch, it's a Ferrari."
What did the blonde say when asked if her turn signal worked? “Yes, no, yes, no, yes, no, yes, no.”
How do you confuse a blonde? Paint yourself green and throw forks at her.
The blonde "handy-woman". A blonde teenager, wanting to earn some extra money for the summer, decided to hire herself out as a "handy-woman"  She started canvassing a nearby well-to-do neighborhood. She went to the front door of the first house, and asked the owner if he had any odd jobs for her to do.  "Well, I guess I could use somebody to paint my porch," he said, "How much will you charge me?"  Delighted, the girl quickly responded, "How about $50?"  The man agreed and told her that the paint brushes and everything she would need was in the garage.  The man's wife, hearing the conversation said to her husband, "Does she realize that our porch goes ALL the way around the house?"  He responded, "That's a bit cynical, isn't it?"  The wife replied, "You're right. I guess I'm starting to believe all those dumb blonde jokes we've been getting by email lately."  Later that day, the blonde teenager came to the door to collect her money. "You're finished  already?" the startled husband asked.  "Yes, she replied, and I even had paint left over, so I gave it two coats."   Impressed, the man reached into his pocket for the $50.00 and handed it to her along with a $10.00 tip.  “And, by the way," the teenager added, "it's not a Porch, it's a Lexus."
A blonde is running around the house with a flashlight and a shoe box. She puts the flashlight on the floor, sneaks in front of the light, puts the box on the floor, then quickly closes the box.   Husband comes home, only to find his giggly wife doing this over and over again: “Honey, what the heck are you doing?”  “She was right, this is fun! Cindy told me shadow boxing is a great way to get in shape.”  (OC)
Three blondes are walking around. They suddenly stumble apron some tracks. The first blonde says "those are deer tracks" the send blonde says "those are wolf tracks!" The third blonde says" no, those are bear tracks!" And then the train hit them
I started dating this blonde chick last night. "Do you have any kids?" she asked.   "Yes," I replied.   "I have one child that's just under two."   She said, "I might be blonde, but I know how many one is."
Why did the blonde stare at frozen orange juice can for 2 hours?  Because it said 'concentrate'.
Why was the blonde’s belly button bruised? Her boyfriend was a blond too
A blonde, brunette, and ginger steal from a bank.... They run and hide in a nearby farm while they're being chased by the cops. The three women hide behind a cow, pig, and potatoes.  The officer crashes through the barn doors and turns on his flashlight to look for the women. He shines the light on the cow where the ginger is and the woman says, "mooo" and gets away with it.  The officer then shines the light on the pigs and the brunette, who is hiding there, says, "oink" and gets away with it.  Finally, the officer points the light at the sacks of potatoes and the blonde says, "po-tat-oes"...
Blond girl in the movie theatre. The blond rushes to the counter, Blond girl: " Can i get a ticket ?" Cashier: " you just got one 2 minutes ago ? " Blond girl: " Yea but the idiot in the door ripped it in two "   Badum tsh
A blonde and a brunette own a cattle ranch Their bull's gotten a bit old and his about ready for the meat processor, so they decide that the brunette will head over out to another town to buy one. The brunette explains:      "We have $1000 to get that bull, that's all. I'm going to head to town with the Corolla and try to find us one. If I find one, I'll send a telegram you so that you can come and pick him up with the big truck"      The brunette heads into town and finds a suitable bull for the ranch at $999 and buys it. With $1 left, she heads over to the telegram office and asks the clerk:       - How much is it to send a telegram?   - Well hi there ma'am, our telegrams come at a cost of $1 per word.   - Ok, I only have $1 and I let to need my friend know that she can come and pick our new bull with the truck.      The brunette thinks for a minute and says:      - OK, here's the word I want you to send: "COMFORTABLE".   - Comfortable? Are you sure, ma'am?   - Oh yeah, she reads REAL slow.
Why did the blonde take the ladder to the pub She heard the drinks were on the house
Why did the blonde get excited after finishing her puzzle in 6 months? The box said 2-4 years!
Two blondes are walking, when one asks, “which is closer, the moon, or Florida?” The second blonde responds “Duh... can you SEE Florida?”
A blonde sees a man carrying a thermos A blonde sees a man carrying a thermos and becomes perplexed.   "What is that? "  "A thermos."  "What does it do?"  "It keeps a hot thing hot, and a cold thing cold."  "I don't understand."  "If I put coffee in here, the coffee stays hot. If I put ice cream in here, it stays cold."  The blonde is amazed and buys one for herself. The following day, one of her friends spots her with her brand new thermos.  "What is that? "  "A thermos."  "What does it do?"  "It keeps a hot thing hot, and a cold thing cold."  "So what did you put in it?"  "Coffee and ice cream." 
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are running from the cops. A blonde, a brunette,  and a redhead are running from the cops. They pull into a forest and each climb up a separate tree. The cop parks and walks up to the tree with the brunette.  "I know you're up there, get down from there."  Cheep cheep cheep cheep....  He hears the chirping and is convinced it's just a bird. He goes to the second tree with the redhead.  "Get down right now. I don't have the patience."  Hoo. Hoo.  He hears the hooting and is convinced it's just a  owl. He walks up to the tree with the blonde.   "I know you're up there. Get down right now."  After some silence and much thought....  "MOOOOO!"
The blonde's bet Bob walked into his favorite sports bar around 9:58 PM. He sat down next to a blonde at the bar and stared up at the TV.  The 10 PM news was coming on. The news crew was covering the story of a man on the ledge of a large building preparing to jump. The blonde looked at Bob and said:"Do you think he'll jump?".  Bob said: "You know, I bet he'll jump."  The blonde replied: "Well, I bet he won't."  Bob placed a $20 bill on the bar and said: "You're on!"  Just as the blonde placed her money on the bar the guy on the ledge did a swan dive off the building, falling to his death. The blonde was very upset, but willingly handed her $20 to Bob.   "Fair's fair.” she said, “Here's your money."  Bob replied, "I can't take your money. I saw this earlier on the 5 PM news, so I knew he would jump."  The blonde replied: "I did, too, but I didn't think he'd do it again."
A blonde and her guide returned from an overnight hike The blonde went straight to the hotel bar and ordered a stiff drink.  "You look frazzled," the bartender said. "Tough time on the hike?"  "TERRIBLE," she said after downing the drink. "The walking was hard, the weather was bad, and my guide almost died!"  "Really? What happened?"   "In the middle of the night, I saw a snake slither out of his tent. I found him unconscious inside with terrible swelling and redness. I remembered what they say about poisonous snakebites: prevent the swelling from spreading with your hands while you suck out the poison."  The bartender paled. "Did he make it?"    The blonde nodded grimly.  "I sucked and I sucked. He was screaming and calling out 'Oh God' the whole time! When I finally got all the poison out, and there was a lot of it, the swelling went down. When the guide regained consciousness he seemed grateful, but I never want to go hiking again."  Later that day, the bartender saw the guide at the bar too.  "I heard you had a tough time on the hike."  The guide smiled.  "Wasn't so bad. My pet snake got out, but that crazy blonde woke me up in the middle of the night with a hell of a blowjob."
After the helicopter crash, the blond pilot was asked what happened. She replied, "It was getting chilly in there, so I turned the fan off."
A man walks into a bar and a busty blonde waitress pours him a drink and asks if he would like some food. The man looks up at the menu above the bar and sees that it says, "Hot dog $2, Cheese burger $5, Hand job $10".  He asks the waitress, "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?"  She winks and replies, "Why yes I am".  The man says, "Well in that case, wash your hands. I want a cheeseburger".
A blonde girl took her first job as a waitress. She showed up, took the first order, delivered the food, and promptly jumped up and landed next to the guest's plate.  "What are you doing?" the guest said.  She said, "Just doing my job. Now are you going to push me off?"  Angry but curious the guest said "Huh? I came here to eat and you're practically sitting on my food."  The blonde looked at his arms and said, "Silly, stop playing. I know you're strong enough. My Dad said I should just wait on tables until I get a good tip."
What do you call a blonde with dyed hair? Artificial intelligence. 
How does a blond lose weight? She donates an organ. 
These two sisters, one blonde and one brunette... ...own a ranch and have a bunch of cows but they don't have a bull. They see an ad in a local paper that a farmer a few towns over is selling a bull. The brunette decides that she'll go check it out and tells the blonde, "I'll send word to you to bring the trailer to pick up the bull if the farmer sells it to us." The blonde agrees so the brunette leaves and makes her way over to the town.  When she gets to the farmer, she sees the bull and strikes a deal with the farmer. The brunette then goes to the telegraph office and asks to send a telegram to her sister back home. The telegram operater says she only has enough money left after buying the bull to send a one word message.  The brunette thinks for a while and writes down the message she wants to send to her sister. The operator looks at it and asks, "how is your sister going to know to bring a trailer to pick up a bull when you only tell her 'Comfortable'?!"  The brunette responds, "my sister is a blonde so she'll have to sound it out: Come-for-da-bull"
A blonde is on the bus when this guy gets on with both of his front trouser pockets full of golf balls and sits down next to her. The confused blonde keeps looking at him and his bulging pockets... He notices her looking and eventually, after many such glances from her, he says, “It’s golf balls.”  Nevertheless, the blonde continues to look at him for a very long time, appearing to think deeply about what he had said.  After several minutes, she can’t contain her curiosity any more and asks, “Does it hurt as much as tennis elbow?!”
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette were all lost in the desert  A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette were all lost in the desert. They found a lamp and rubbed it. A genie popped out and granted them each one wish. The redhead wished to be back home. Poof! She was back home. The brunette wished to be at home with her family. Poof! She was back home with her family. The blonde said, "Awwww, I wish my friends were here." 
How do you make a blonde laugh on Sunday? Tell her a joke on Wednesday
A beautiful young girl goes into the doctors office (not a blonde joke) The doctor has her get undressed. She is the most exquisite woman he's seen. He starts the examination.  He has her open her mouth. All he can think about is putting his penis in there for a blowjob. He starts to feel in her mouth.   Do you know what I'm doing? he asks. Yes, she replies, your checking my teeth and tonsils. very good he says.  He then start to feel her breasts. They are the softest, fullest breasts he's seen. He begins to fondle them.  Do you know what I'm doing? he asks slightly out of breath. Yes, she replies, you're checking for breast cancer. You're absolutely right he says.  The doctor has her lie down and open her legs. There he sees the most perfect pussy he's ever seen. As he begins to feel her, he cannot resist, drops his pants and inserts his penis into her and starts thrusting.  Do you know what I'm doing now? he asks out of breath. Yes, she replies, you're getting herpes.
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are looking at tracks in the snow.... The blonde bends over looks at them and says “these are obviously deer tracks”.  The redhead looks at her, at the tracks, and then back at her. “You’re an idiot! These are obviously rabbit tracks!”  The brunette, standing there perplexed, leans over to look at them and stands back up as a train races by.
Returning home from work, a blonde was shocked to find her house ransacked and burglarized. She called the police at once and reported the crime. The police dispatcher broadcast the call on the channels, and a K-9 unit patrolling nearby was the first to respond.    As the K-9 officer approached the house with his dog on a leash, the blonde ran out on the porch, shuddered at the sight of the cop and his dog, then sat down on the steps.    Putting her face in her hands, she moaned, "I come home to find all my possessions stolen. I call the police for help, and what do they do? They send me a blind policeman!"
A man stands in front of a food truck and reads the menu: "Cheeseburgers: $5 Fries: $3 Handjobs: $10." He walks up to the window and asks the beautiful blonde working behind the counter,  "Are you the one that gives the handjobs?"   &amp;#x200B;   "Yes, I am," she replies seductively.   &amp;#x200B;   "Well, wash your hands, **I want a cheeseburger."** 
Blonde at the Super Bowl A guy took his blonde girlfriend to the super bowl game. They had great seats right behind their team’s bench. After the game, he asked her how she liked it. “Oh, I really liked it,” she replied, “especially the tight pants and all the big muscles, but I just couldn’t understand why they were killing each other over 25 cents.” Dumbfounded, her boyfriend asked, “What do you mean?” “Well, they flipped a coin, one team got it and then for the rest of the game, all they kept screaming was... ‘Get the quarterback! Get the quarterback!’ I’m like helloooooo? It’s only 25 cents!” 
A blonde went to the appliance store sale and found a bargain "I would like to buy this TV," she told the salesman.   "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes," he replied.   She hurried home and dyed her hair, then came back and again told the salesman "I would like to buy this TV."   "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes."    "Darn, he recognized me," she thought. She went for a complete disguise this time; haircut and new color, new outfit, big sunglasses, then waited a few days before she again approached the salesman.   "I would like to buy this TV."   "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes."  Frustrated, she exclaimed, "How do you know I'm a blonde?"   "Because that's a microwave."
Why did the blonde woman have bruises on her belly button? Because blonde men are stupid too.
How do you know a blonde girl has been using the word processor? There’s tippex all over the screen. 
A blonde was getting pretty desperate for money. She decided to go to the nicer, richer neighborhoods around town and look for odd jobs as a handy woman.The first house she came to, a man answered the door and told Julie "Yeah, I have a job for you. How would you like to paint the porch?""Sure that sounds great!" said Julie."Well, how much do you want me to pay you?" asked the man."Is fifty bucks all right?" she asked."Yeah, great. You'll find the paint and ladders you'll need in the garage."The man went back into his house to his wife who had been listening. "Fifty bucks! Does she know the porch goes all the way around the house?" asked the wife. "Well, she must, she was standing right on it!" her husband replied.About 45 minutes later, Julie knocked on the door."I'm all finished," she told the surprised homeowner.The man was amazed. "You painted the whole porch?""Yeah," Julie replied, "I even had some paint left, so I put on two coats!"The man reached into his wallet to pay her."Oh, and by the way," said Julie, "That's not a Porch, it's a Ferrari."  
I called my blond wife and told her i died &amp;nbsp;      &amp;nbsp;      Don't tell her it's April Fool's
Why did the blind blonde cross the road? She was following her seeing-eye chicken. 
A blonde discovered that most accidents happen within 10 blocks from home... So she moved.
Why did the blonde’s belly button hurt? Blonde guys are dumb too 
A blonde is rowing a boat in a field Another blonde is driving on the nearby road and stops.   “What are you doing?” Yells the blonde in the road.   “I’m going for a boat ride, duh!”  Responded the other blonde  The blonde on the road yelled, “You know, it’s blondes like you that makes  people think we are stupid... and if I could swim, I would come out there and kick your ass!”
A blonde walks into a bar Asks for a car wash
Blonde Joke A woman and a blonde are sitting in a bar when the blonde asks"What does IDK stand For"? The woman replies "I don't know". The blonde replies "WHy doesn't Anyone know?
A blonde is walking down the street... As she passes a field, she notices another blonde in a kayak furiously beating the grass. She stops and watches, realizing whats happening and becomes irritated. Across the distance, she shouts, "Hey! What are you doing dummy! Youre giving us a bad name! If I could swim, I'd come over there and kick your ass!"
Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch  Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble. In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull from the stockyard in a far town so that they can breed their own stock.     They only have $600 left. Upon leaving, the brunette tells her sister, 'When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home.'     The brunette arrives at the stockyard, inspects the bull, and decides she wants to buy it. The man tells her that he will sell it for $599, no less. After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news. She walks into the telegraph office and says, 'I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pickup truck and drive out here so we can haul it home.'     The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, 'It's just 99 cents a word.' Well, after paying for the bull, the brunette only has $1 left. She realizes that she'll only be able to send her sister one word.     After a few minutes of thinking, she nods and says, 'I want you to send her the word 'comfortable.'      The operator shakes his head. 'How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pickup truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her just the word 'comfortable?'      The brunette explains, 'My sister's blonde. The word's big. She'll read it very slowly ... com-for-da-bull.'
[Long] Two sisters, a blonde and a brunette, inherit their family's ranch. In order to stay out of bankruptcy, they need to buy a bull to replace one who recently died. So the brunette goes online and finds a bull for sale in the city stockyards, about three hours away. The price of the bull is listed as $5,000.  Sadly, their inheritance wasn't much beyond the ranch, and the sisters only have $4,000 in the bank. The truck used for hauling animals is old, and gets terrible gas millage, so the brunette doesn't want to drive the truck to the city unless she knows for sure that they are going to buy.  Explaining this to the blonde, the brunette tells her sister, "When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll let you know that you need to come." The blonde replies, "Great, I'll be here waiting."  The brunette arrives at the stockyard, inspects the bull, and decides she wants to buy it. The man tells her that he wasn't going to drop his price, of $5,000 but since she is in desperate times, he will go down to $3,999, no less. The brunette reluctantly hands over her $4,000 in cash, and the seller gives her $1 in return.   After paying, the brunette walks down the street to a telegram office. She walks in and says, "I need to send a telegram to my sister letting her know that I've bought a bull for our ranch. She needs to hitch the trailer to our pickup truck and drive out here so we can haul it home."  The telegraph operator says that he'll be glad to help her, and adds, "It's just 99 cents a word." With just a dollar in her pocket, she realizes that she'll only be able to send her sister one word.  She thinks for awhile, then asks, "Can you send the word, 'comfortable?'"  The telegraph operator shakes his head. "How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pickup truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her just the word 'comfortable?'"  The brunette explains, 'My sister's blonde. The word's big. She'll read it very slowly ... com-for-da-bull.'  And the brunette waits.  And waits.  And waits.  Hours go by, and the blonde sister never arrives.   Angrily, the brunette gets back in her car and drives back to the ranch. She bursts in the door of the farmhouse. Upon walking in, the brunette is shocked to see her sister sitting at the table, pants off, masturbating, and watching a video of a rodeo.  “Sister, what are you doing?!?!” she yells.  “What?! I got your message. I’m almost finished!”
A blonde and a redhead have a ranch... They have just lost their bull. The women need to buy another, but only have $500. The redhead tells the blonde, "I will go to the market and see if I can find one for under that amount. If I can, I will send you a telegram." She goes to the market and finds one for $499. Having only one dollar left, she goes to the telegraph office and finds out that it costs one dollar per word. She is stumped on how to tell the blonde to bring the truck and trailer. Finally, she tells the telegraph operator to send the word "comfortable." Skeptical, the operator asks, "How will she know to come with the trailer from just that word?" The redhead replies, "She's a blonde so she reads slow: 'Come for ta bull.'"
A Blonde, a Brunette, and a Redhead are sentenced to death. They come face to face with the executioner and he asks each which way they would prefer to die: electric chair or lethal injection.    The Redhead says that she’ll go with the lethal injection.  The executioner readies his equipment and gives her the injection.  Within 10 minutes she is dead.   The Brunette decides to get in the electric chair.  The executioner throws the switch and nothing happens.  He pulls the switch again and again but nothing happens.  He tells Brunette, “Since the chair isn’t working, by law you’re free to go.”  Then it’s the Blond’s turn, and she says, “ I guess I’ll go lethal injection the chair obviously isn’t working...”
A tattooed guy, a hot blonde and a pale looking guys have a chat The tattooed guy brags: "I have the best job, I'm a musician. Each day I have sex at least twice!"  The hot blonde responds: "Well, I'm a prostitute. It's literally my job. I have one customer per hour!"  Finally the pale looking guy joins in: "Still, none of you gets as much sex during your jobs as I do."  After a short, irritated silence the blonde finally dares to ask: "So, what do you do?"   "I'm a mortician."
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a beautiful blonde, and a comely brunette An Englishman, a Frenchman, a beautiful blonde, and a comely brunette are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel.  As the compartment is plunged into complete darkness for the Nth time a ringing slap is heard. The train passes back into daylight and the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek.  The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.'  The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and slapped the beast.'  The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.'  The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.'
A blonde woman confuser the vaseline jar with the putty jar. All her window panes fell down.
Why does a blonde pour water into the computer? Because she wants to "surf" on the Internet.
There are 3 people on a island, a ginger, a brunette, and a blonde The nearest land is 50 miles from the shore. They have no source of food so they just decide to swim. The ginger makes it 30 miles, and dies. The brunette is next, they make it 32 miles, then drowns. The blonde goes next, and makes it 25 miles, gets tired, and swims back.
A blonde and a brunette were chatting, the brunette says “I had sex with a Brazilian last night.” The blonde says “You slut! How many is a Brazilian?”
There was a blonde, a redhead, and a brunette. They were all trapped on an island and the nearest shore was 50 miles away. The redhead swam trying to make it to the other shore she swam 15 miles, drowned, and died. The brunette swam 24 miles, drowned, and died. The blonde swam 25 miles, got tired, and swam back.
Blonde Handyman A blonde,wanting to earn some money,decided to hire herself out as a handyman and went to canvas a wealthy neighborhood.She knocked on the door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do."well,you can paint my porch.What would you charge me?"The blonde replied,How does one hundred dollars sound?"The man agreed and told her that the paint and ladders she might need were in the garage.The man's wife,inside the house,heard the conversation and asked,"Does she realize the porch goes around the hole house?The man replied,"She should,she was standing on it.A short time later the blonde knocks on the door to collect."Your finished already?"he asks."Yes" the blonde answered,"and I had paint left over."Impressed the man reached into his pocket for fifty dollars."And by the way",the blonde added,"That's not a Porche,it's a Ferari"."
A blonde went to the appliance store sale and found a bargain. "I would like to buy this TV," she told the salesman.  "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes," he replied.  She hurried home and dyed her hair, then came back and again told the salesman, "I would like to buy this TV."  "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes," he replied.  "Darn, he recognized me," she thought.  She went for a complete disguise this time: haircut and new color, new outfit and big sunglasses, and then she waited a few days before she again approached the salesman. "I would like to buy this TV."  "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes," he replied.  Frustrated, she exclaimed, "How do you know I'm a blonde?"  "Because that's a microwave," he replied.  
How it is called when a blonde dyes her hair as brunette? Artificial intelligence 
(NSFW) What did the blonde say after multiple orgasms? So what team do you all play for? 
A blonde gets pulled over for speeding A blonde woman was speeding down the road in her little red sports car and was pulled over by a female police officer, who was also a blonde.  The officer asked to see the lady's driver's license. She dug through her purse and was getting progressively more agitated.  "What does it look like?" she finally asked. The officer replied, "It's square and it has your picture on it."  The driver finally found a mirror in her purse, looked at it and handed it to the officer. "Here it is," she said.  The officer looked at the mirror, then handed it back saying, "Okay, you can go. I didn't realize you were a cop." 
A blonde, brunette, and ginger were being executed by firing squad. The brunette went first. Right before the firing squad started shooting, they counted down.  "3, 2, 1" The brunette then yelled out "TORNADO!" and the firing squad looked away, while the brunette escaped. . The ginger went next. Once again the firing squad starting counting down.  "3, 2, 1" The ginger said "I HAVE A SOUL!" and the firing squad looked away once again, leaving the ginger enough time to escape. . The blonde was finally next. As again, the firing squad went "3, 2, 1"  The blonde then yelled "FIRE!"
A blond, a brunette, and a redhead were trying out for a new NASA experiment on sending women to different planets. First, they called the brunette in and asked her a question.   "If you could go to any planet, what planet would you want to go to and why?"   After pondering the question she answered, "I would like to go to Mars because it seems so interesting with all the recent news about possible extra terrestrial life on the planet."   They said "well okay, thank you." And told her that they would get back to her.   Next, the redhead entered the room and the NASA people asked her the same question. In reply, "I would like to go to Saturn to see all of its rings." Again, "thank you" and they would get back to her.   Finally, the blond entered the room and they asked her the same question they asked the brunette and the redhead.    She thought for a while and replied, "I would like to go to the sun."   The people from NASA replied, "why, don't you know that if you went to the sun you would burn to death?"   The blond smirked and put her hands on her hips. "Are you guys dumb? I'd go at night!"
A blonde is rowing a boat in the middle of a field. Another blonde is driving by, and seeing this absurdity she pulls over and gets out of her car.  "Hey! What are you doing in that boat in that field?"  The blonde in the boat yells back "I'm rowing home, and I must go fast because I'm already late."  "You idiot!" Yells the other blonde. "It's dumb blondes like you that give smart blondes like me a bad name.  In fact, if I could swim, I'd come out there and kick your ass!"
A blonde gives the final push while giving birth in a hospital. The doctor tells her the gender and is about to lay the baby in her arms. The blonde says, “Can you please do a DNA test before I get too attached? My boyfriend’s been cheating and I want to make sure it’s mine.”
A ginger, brunette, and a blond are stranded on an island when they find a lamp A Genie appears and offers to grant them each 1 wish.  The ginger wishes for a fully manned cruise ship to appear and sail herself off the island.  The brunette wishes for a piloted private jet to appear and flys herself off the island.  And the blond feeling somewhat lonely says “You know I wish my friends were all back here, I miss them”.
A blonde finds an antique lamp at the beach and starts slowly rubbing it. Suddenly she hears the genie's from the inside, anxiously asking "Will you free me now or only rub me one out?"
A blonde walks into a store and asks, may I buy that tv, the store salesman say, sorry, we don't serve blondes. she comes the next day with her hair dyed black, and   asks the same guy, can I buy this tv. the salesman says, sorry, we don't serve   blondes. frustrated, the next day she dyes her hair red and to make sure, she asks a   different salesman, can I buy this tv. he says, sorry, we don't serve blondes. the   blonde says, how on earth did u know I was blonde. the salesman says, that's a   microwave.
A blonde is driving along the highway ... A blonde is driving along the highway in her Volkswagen Beetle when she sees another blonde on the side of the road standing at the front of another Beetle with the hood up.   Thinking that she may be able to help she pulls over and asks the other blonde what the problem is.   "Well I was just driving along on the highway when suddenly the car died, I pulled over and popped the hood and saw that my engine was gone," replied the second blonde.   "Well not to worry," replied the first, "I have a spare one in my trunk."
A blonde notices that her coworker has a thermos A blonde notices that her coworker has a thermos, so she asks him what it's for. He responds, "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold."  The blonde immediately buys one for herself. The next day, she goes to work and proudly displays it.  Her coworker asks, "What do you have in it?"  She replies, "Soup and ice cream."
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant. 
A blonde pushes her car into a mechanic shop one day. She tells the mechanic it just died as she was driving along.   The mechanic works on it and soon has the engine idling smoothly.   The blonde asks him, “So, what’s the story?”  The mechanic says, “Just crap in the carburettor.”  The blonde asks, “Oh, how often do I have to do that?”
Blonde childbirth It's a blonde who gave birth to two beautiful babies, twins, however, she cries endlessly! The nurse then tells him: "But see madame! Why are you crying ? You are now mother of 2 beautiful babies, in good health! - I know, says the blonde, but I do not know who is the father of the second! 
Blonde at a perfume store One day two blondes walk into a perfume shop. The one blonde picks up a bottle of perfume that is titled "Viens Chez Moi."   The blonde asks the manager what it means, and the manager says it means, "Come to Me."  So the blonde smells the perfume and asks her friend, "Does this smell like come to you? Because it doesn't smell like come to me."
Blonde sees a stoplight There was a blonde at a stoplight and it said "walk." She started walking and, when she was in the middle of the street, the sign turned to "don't walk." So she stopped.
Blonde: Heard you got an HIV test? How did it go?   Friend: Negative.   Blonde: You failed huh? Just study more on the next test. 
Blonde Policewomen A blonde was speeding in a 25 mile per hour residental zone when a local police cruiser pulled her over. The female police officer who walked up to the car also happened to be a blonde. She asked for the blonde's driver's license. The driver searched frantically in her purse for a while and finally said to the blonde policewoman, "What does a driver's license look like?' Irritated, the blonde cop said, "Don't be a smartass!, it's got your picture on it!" The blonde driver frantically searched her purse again and found a small, rectangular mirror down at the bottom. She held it up to her face and said, "Aha! This must be my driver's license", then handed it to the blonde policewoman. The blonde cop looked in the mirror, handed it back to the driver and said, "You're free to go. And, if I had known you were a police officer too, we could have avoided all of this!"
Lawyer and a Blonde A gorgeous blonde and a hot-shot lawyer are sitting first class right next to each other on a flight from LA to NY. The lawyer asks the blonde if she would like to play a fun game. The blonde, who is tired, politely declines and rolls over to the window to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists and explains that the game is easy and a lot of fun. He explains, "I ask you a question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me $5.00, and vise versa." Again, she declines and tries to get some sleep. The lawyer, now agitated, says, "Okay, if you don't know the answer you pay me $5.00, and if I don't know the answer, I will pay you $500.00." This catches the blonde's attention and, figuring there will be no end to this torment unless she plays, agrees to the game. The lawyer asks the first question. "What's the distance from the earth to the moon?" The blonde doesn't say a word, reaches into her purse, pulls out a $5.00 bill and hands it to the lawyer. "Okay, " the lawyer continues. "Your turn." She asks the lawyer, "What goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four legs?" The lawyer, puzzled, takes out his laptop computer and searches all his references but he can't find an answer. He taps into the air phone with his modem and googles it, but he still has no answer. Frustrated, he instant messages all his friends and coworkers, which turns out to be no help at all. After an hour, he wakes the blonde, and hands her $500.00. The blonde says, "Thank you," and turns back to get some more sleep. The lawyer, who is more than a little miffed, wakes the blonde and asks, "Well, what's the answer?" Without a word, the blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5.00, and goes back to sleep. 
Handy neighborly blonde A blonde, wanting to earn some money, decided to hire herself out as a handyman-type and started canvassing a wealthy neighborhood. She went to the front door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do. "Well, you can paint my porch. How much will you charge?" The blonde said, "How about 50 dollars?" The man agreed and told her that the paint and ladders that she might need were in the garage. The man's wife, inside the house, heard the conversation and said to her husband, "Does she realize that the porch goes all the way around the house?" The man replied, "She should. She was standing on the porch." A short time later, the blonde came to the door to collect her money. "You're finished already?" he asked. "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats." Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50. "And by the way," the blonde added, "That's not a Porch, it's a Ferrari." 
A blonde girl is making out with her boyfriend... ...after a while she backs off and says "I have a great idea! Why don't we play hide and seek?"  Her boyfriend shrugs. "Sounds a bit childish. Why would we do that?"  She says "Because, if you find me...I'll give you a blowjob."  "And what if I can't find you?"  "Oh, I'll be behind the couch."
A blonde was driving on the way to disneyland. She came to an intersection and stopped, she saw a sign that read, 'Disneyland Left'. So she pulled a U-turn, cried and drove home.
A beautiful, tall blonde just walked passed my window and blew me a kiss. I knew she was tall because I live on the 5th floor
Whats the difference between a blonde and a washing machine? A washing machine doesnt follow you around for a week after you put a load in it
A long blonde joke A Ventriloquist Tours Norway  A young ventriloquist is touring Norway and puts on a show in a small fishing town.  With his dummy on his knee, he starts going through his usual dumb blonde jokes.  Suddenly, a blonde woman in the fourth row stands on her chair and starts shouting:  "I've heard enough of your stupid blonde jokes.  What makes you think you can stereotype Norwegian blonde women that way?  What does the color of a woman's hair have to do with her worth as a human being?  It's men like you who keep women like me from being respected at work and in the community, and from reaching our full potential as people.  Its people like you that make others think that all blondes are dumb.  You and your kind continue to perpetuate discrimination against not only blondes but women in general, pathetically all in the name of humor!"   The embarrassed ventriloquist begins to apologize, but the blonde interrupts yelling:   "You stay out of this..I'm talking to that little asshat on your lap!"
A blonde goes to the barber while wearing headphones She asks for a haircut. The barber accepts but suggest her to take of her headphones, to which the blonde replies she can't cause otherwise she'll die.   The barber is confused, but decides to start cutting her hair anyway. Halfway, the barber asks again if the blonde can remove her headphones to which she responds again: "I can't, cause otherwise I'll die".   A while later the barber says:" Ma'am, you'll have to remove your headphones otherwise I can't finish the haircut". The blonde understands and removes her headphones and shortly after that dies.   The barber is chocked and doesn't understand how the blonde died and decides to find out what the blonde was listening to through her headphones.   She puts the headphones on and hears a voice saying on repeat: "Breath in... and out".
A Brunette, Red head and a Blonde are on a quick getaway from the police. The Brunette turns to the other two. "Look!" she says, pointing to an old beat up barn over the hill, "let's go hide in there!". So they pull off down the dirt road and park in front of this barn and run inside. As they walk in, they notice a big stack of large burlap sacks. The Red Head gets the bright idea and says "Let's hide in those sacks!". So they all grab a sack and crawl inside before the police enter the building. "Come out with your hands up!" one officer yells. They quickly notice the sacks the three are hiding in. They walk up to the first sack and give it a little kick. "....Meow!" says the Brunette hiding in the sack. "This sack is full of kittens!". The office moves to the next sack and gives it a little kick. ".....Ruff! Ruff!" yells the Red head hiding in the sack. "This one is full of puppies!". The officer moves to the third and final sack where the Blonde is hiding. He kicks the sack. ".............POTATOES!"
Why couldn’t the blonde type 10 + 5 into the calculator? She couldn’t find the 10.
I asked the blonde why she had TGIF written on her shoes even though it's Monday. She replied, "Toes Go In First". 
A guy took his 1973 Volkswagen Beetle to a blond mechanic and said "My engine is missing." The mechanic raised the hood and said "Oh wow, you're right! But how the heck did you drive it here?"
A blonde is pulled over for erratic driving... When the officer gets to her door, she says, “Oh, Officer, thank God you’re here!  I was driving down the road when this tree popped up in the lane in front of me. So, I swerved to miss it and then another popped up in front of me!  And then another, and then another, and then you arrived!  Please fix it!”  The officer looks at her and replies, “honey, that wasn’t a tree, that’s your air freshener.”
A blonde goes to her gynecologist... "What seems to be the problem?" he asked her.  "Something is terribly wrong, I keep finding postage stamps from Costa Rica in my vagina!"  The gynecologist took a look, chuckled and said, "Those aren't postage stamps, ma'am. They're the stickers off the bananas."
What's the difference between a mosquito and a blonde? After you slap it, a mosquito will stop sucking. 
Blonde Joke An old blind cowboy wanders into an all-girl biker bar by mistake... He finds his way to a bar stool and orders a shot of Jack Daniels. After sitting there for a while, he yells to the bartender, 'Hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?' The bar immediately falls absolutely silent. In a very deep, husky voice, the woman next to him says, 'Before you tell that joke, Cowboy, I think it is only fair, given that you are blind, that you should know five things: The bartender is a blonde girl with a baseball bat. The bouncer is a blonde girl with a 'Billy-Club'. I'm a 6-foot tall, 175-pound blonde woman with a black belt in karate. The woman sitting next to me is blonde and a professional weight lifter. The lady to your right is blonde and a professional wrestler. 'Now, think about it seriously, Cowboy.... Do you still wanna tell that blonde joke?' The blind cowboy thinks for a second, shakes his head and mutters, 'No...not if I'm gonna have to explain it five times............'
What do you call a blonde who dyes her hair? Artificial intelligence. 
How do you get a one armed blonde out of a tree? You wave hello!
A blonde walks into a library.. and says: 'i'll have the cheese burger and a coke.' the librarian is confused and says: 'you know you're in a library, right?' the blonde goes: 'oh sorry' and whispers 'i'll have the cheese burger and a coke.'
Blonde took her car to the mechanic... She tells him it's not running well. Later he calls to say it's all set, come get it.  "What was wrong with it?" she asks.  "Nothing really, just shit in the air filter."  "Oh. Huh. How often do I hafta do that?"
A pig’s worst nightmare - a blonde It was surreal. All the discussions in the pen were true. He remembered the description of the scene and it was all as described.   Carrots, celery, stuffing. Lord this must be a dream he thought, praying to wake up as he was put in the oven. It couldn’t be real could it?  Only solace was the kind eyed young blonde’s last words.   “Don’t worry sweety, they’ll tell me it’s a dry heat.”
Blonde Nun One night a blonde nun was praying in her room when God appeared before her. "My daughter, you have pleased me greatly. Your heart is full of love for your fellow creatures and your actions and prayers are always for the benefit of others. I have come to you, not only to thank and commend you,but to grant you anything you wish," said God.  "Dear Heavenly Father, I am perfectly happy. I am a bride of Christ. I am doing what I love. I lack for nothing material since the Church supports me. I am content in all ways," said the nun.  "There must be something you would have of me," said God.  "Well, there is one thing," she said.  "Just name it," said God.  "It's those blonde jokes. They are so demeaning to blondes everywhere, not just to me. I would like for blonde jokes to stop."  "Consider it done," said God. "Blonde jokes shall be stricken from the minds of humans everywhere. But surely there is something that I could do just for you."  "There is one thing. But it's really small, and not worth your time," said the nun.  "Name it. Please," said God.  "It's the M&amp;M's," said the nun. "They're so hard to peel."
A blonde in a bar John, a young man, enters a bar at 10pm, and sit next to a cute blonde girl. The news channel is on and they are diffusing a man about to jump from a bridge.  The blonde girl goes. « You thinks he’ll jump? »  John goes. « You know what, ill bet you 50$ bucks this dude will jump ». And put 50$ on the the bar. The blonde says he wont.  Right as the blonde take her money out of her purse the guy jump of the bridge.  The blonde pretty angry gave John the money. « We took a bet and you won, here’s your money »  John answer. «  look i cant take the money.... i saw it earlier today, and knew he would jump, its a recap of what happened today »  The blonde goes.  «  Yeah, i knew it too, didn’t expect him to do it again.... »  John took the money and left.
How do you know if a blonde doesn't use condoms? She saw a Trojan instructional video labeled NSFW one time so stopped...
A blonde and a lawyer are sitting next to each other on a plane. The lawyer asks the blonde if she wants to play a game, "All you have to do is ask a question and if i get it wrong or don't know it i give you five dollars, then i ask you a question and if you get it wrong you pay me five dollars."   "No," she says, "I just want to sleep."   He keeps asking and she finally gives in when he says if he gets it wrong he will pay her five hundred dollars, but she still only has to pay five dollars.   "What is the distance from the earth to the moon?" he asks.   She gives him 5 dollars. "What goes up the hill with four legs and comes down with five?" she asks.   He pulls out his laptop and searches it, but finds nothing. Then he emails his friends. After an hour, he still hasn't got an answer, he hands her 500 dollars. Then he asks her, "So what is the answer?"   She hands him 5 dollars.
A beautiful blonde Needs a group to join as she is a new member at the golf club, and knows no one. Harry, a seasoned member, is asked to take her under his wing. Begrudgingly he says he will and asks her to join his two buddies and him for a round.   Turns out she is amazing and easily gets around the course bettering all of the guys scores. Then they go out to the nineteenth hole and then she buys the drinks! Holy crap they've hit the jackpot, a beautiful lady who is amazing at golf also buys the drinks? This goes on for the first few months of the season.   One day as they approach the 18th green she says "guys this would be the best round ever. Who ever reads the putt right, and I make it, I will marry"  The first guy goes up and says " 3 inches right to left" the next guy says "no way you idiot! Its gotta break the other way. I see it 6 inches left to right.   "What do you think Harry?" She asks playfully.   Harry knows the course better than anyone. He thinks a for a moment, looks at both of the guys, then the girl, then back at the hole and where her ball is  and says "pick it up, it's good."   And that guys, is how I met your mother.
My blonde friend got hired at the M&amp;M factory as a corrector, but she was quickly fired. I asked why.  She replied ''I Threw every candies that had a W on them.''
Blonde sister A brunette and blonde sisters r sitting home, the brunette is frantically getting ready n seeming a lil dishelved.   Blonde: "your gona have a great time tonight"  Brunette "Wait up for me?"  Blonde:"Of course"  *Brunette walks in, a mess, at 3am*  Blonde: "soooooo, tell me howd it go?"  Brunette "Incredible, I slept with a Brazilian"  Blonde:"OMG, you SLUT. HOW MANY IS A BRAZILIAN?!?!?!?!?!?!??"
A blonde walks into a hairdressers She asks the hairdresser for a trim. The hair dresser asks her to take a seat but tells the blonde she needs to remove her headphones.  Blondie insists she can't remove them and the lady will have to do the best job she can.  After a while the hairdresser gets frustrated and says, "sorry ma'am but I really need you to remove your headphones in order for me to do a proper job".  The blonde reluctantly agrees but insists the hairdresser will need to hurry.  A couple of minutes pass as the hairdresser is snipping away when suddenly the blonde drops to the floor. After checking for a pulse and determining she is in fact dead, the shocked hairdresser curiously slips the headphones on and hears....  Breathe in.... Breathe out.... Breathe in.... Breathe out
A blonde married man went to Home Depot to buy a new closet... "Please give me a closet that doesn't come with a naked man living in it" he asked the salesman.
A blonde, redhead and a brunette A blonde, redhead and a brunette are lost and have found a magic lamp, and rubbed it. A genie appears and grants them 3 wishes in total.  The redhead wished to be back home. Poof, she was back home.  The brunette wished to be back with her family. Poof, she was back with her family.  The blonde said: “Wow! I wish my friends were here.”
I was telling 'dumb blonde' jokes in a bar. Suddenly a muscular blonde-haired man ran right at me with a sharp razor and screamed "I've had just about enough of you!" Luckily for me, I was left completely unharmed, as he couldn't find a place to plug it in.
How do you drown a blonde? You tell her she can breath underwater
How do you confuse a blond? Tell her to piss in the corner of a round room.  How does she confuse you?  When she comes back and says she did.
A brunette mom, a redhead mom, and a blonde mom were talking about their daughters. The brunette mom says, "The other day, I was cleaning my daughter's room, and I found a bottle of vodka.  I didn't even know she drank!"  "Well, the other day I was cleaning my daughter's room," says the redhead mom, "and I found a pack of cigarettes.  I didn't even know she smoked!"  "That's nothing," says the blonde mom.  "The other day I was cleaning my daughter's room and I found a box of condoms.  I didn't even know she had a dick!"
What should you do if a blonde throws a pin at you? Run, there's a live grenade in her mouth.
A blonde went to the emergency room with the tip of her left index finger blown off. A blonde went to the emergency room with the tip of her left index finger blown off.  "How did this happen?" the doctor asked.  "Well I was trying to commit suicide," the blonde replied.  "Trying to commit suicide by shooting your finger?" "No silly! First I put the gun to my chest and I thought, ‘I just paid $6,000 for these,’ then I put it in my mouth and I thought, ‘I just paid $4,000 to get my teeth fixed.’ So then I put the gun in my ear and I thought, ‘this is going to make a loud noise,’ so I put my finger in my ear before I pulled the trigger.”
A blonde's house is on fire... so she calls 911 on her cell.  Blonde:"Come quick my house is on fire!"  911 op: "Ma'am I don't see you address coming up how do we get there?"  Blonde: "Well duh, a big red truck!"
Blonde driver A blonde was driving down the highway.  Soon she heard sirens and saw lights behind her, and was pulled over.  A cop, also a blonde woman, approached her door.  "You were speeding, miss," she said.  "May I see your license?"  The blonde driver rummaged through her purse for a minute before looking up in confusion.  "Well, what's it look like?" she asked.  "It's a small square thing with your picture on it," said the cop.  The driver looked again and finally pulled out a small mirror and handed it to the cop.  The blonde cop looked at it and handed it back.  "Okay, you can go," she said.  "I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were a police officer."
A Blonde gets caught speeding The cop is also a blonde.   Cop: “Let me see your driver’s license.”   Driver: “What’s that?”   Cop: “A square thing with your picture on it.”   Blonde fumbles through her purse, finds a mirror, sees herself in it, and hands it to the cop.   Cop looks at it, hands it back and says, “I’m gonna let you go without a ticket. I didn’t know you were a cop.”
A blonde and her husband are watching the news... News: A Brazilian man died while skydiving when his parachute didn’t open.  The blonde bursts into tears  Husband (comforting her): I know it’s sad, but people need to know that there’s a risk while skydiving.  Blonde: But that’s a lot of people. How many is a Brazilian? 
A brunette, a redhead, and a Blonde get ran off the road... Out on the middle of nowhere. The car takes a few tumbles, but they all come away ok. They all start gathering supplies they could find from the wreck.The brunette finds some water bottles, "We won't get dehydrated!". The redhead finds sunblock, "And we won't get sunburnt!". The blonde picks up the car door that fell off during the wreck and starts dragging it along when her 2 friends ask what she's doing. "If it gets too hot, we can roll down the window!".
A blonde is doing some lawn work... A blonde is doing some lawn work at home. She pulls out the weed-eater and starts taking it to the bushes. Inside the bushes she hits a cat with the weed-eater and chops its tail right off. She picks up the cat and its tail and tells her boyfriend she needs to take it to Wal-Mart.  Her boyfriend asks "why in the world would you need to take it to Wal-Mart?"  She replies "I heard Wal-Mart is the best Retailer in town!"
A blonde finds out her husband is cheating "I... I didn't mean to, I wasn't thinking!" exclaims her husband.  _____  "You weren't thinking?" she asked, "No shit!"  "That's the last **fucking** straw"  _____  "Honey I'm sorry!"  _____  She screams, I've **had it** with you!"  *grabs a pistol from the dresser*  _____  Shocked her husband timidly questions, "Woah, what are you doing with that?"  "I was drunk, but you really need to put that gun d..."  _____  "**SHUT THE FUCK UP**" she interrupts.  "I can't take your shit anymore!"  *raises the gun*  "After me, **you're next**!"  *gun fires*
Man with his blonde wife on a road trip and then a police officer stops them... "License and registration please!" Says the police officer.  "But why did you stop us," says the husband.  "You've been running over 100 kilometers which is the limit," replies the officer.  "Did you make a mistake?" Says the husband, "I am sure i wasn't going over the limit".  "But darling you were going at least 120 kilometers" the blonde wife responds.  "Also one of your lights does not work. Did you know that? "  "No, I did not know it, maybe it burned down during our trip," says the husband.  "You've known it for a month that the light is burned. Don't you remember that you told me? "Says the blonde wife.  "You were also not wearing your safety belt and i will have to write that down too" adds the police officer.  "Dear Sir, when you stopped us, I took the belt off. I was wearing it during our trip. "  "But darling, I've never seen you wear your safety belt" again the blonde spouse interrupts.  The husband got really angry and shouts to his wife:  "Shut up already! You make things worse! "  "Does your husband always talks to you like that my lady?" says the officer.  And she answers :  "No, no, my dear police officer, he does this only when he is drunk.
Why did the Blonde bring a ladder to the store? Because it said "High Discounts".
A blonde was driving home &amp; got caught in a really bad hailstorm.  Her car was covered with dents, so the next day she took it to a repair shop.   The shop owner saw that she was a blonde, so he decided to have some fun...   He told her to go home and blow into the tail pipe really hard, &amp; all the dents would pop out.  So, the blonde went home, got down on her hands &amp; knees &amp; started blowing into her tailpipe... Nothing happened.  So she blew a little harder, &amp; still nothing happened.  Her blonde roommate saw her &amp; asked, 'What are you doing?'   The first blonde told her how the repairman had instructed her to blow into the tail pipe in order to get all the dents to pop out.   The roommate rolled her eyes &amp; said, 'Uh, like hello!   You need to roll up the windows first.!’
A blonde drops off her dress at the dry cleaners, The dry cleaner says come again The blonde says it’s toothpaste this time
Blonde goes to the Doctor and he says... "You are pregnant"  "What? Pregnant?"  "Yes, you are getting a baby"  "And where does the baby come out?"  "From the same place it came in"  "Oh,... so from the back seats of my car?"
Blonde: 50% chance to meet a dinosaur Question to a blonde:  \--What are the chances that you will meet a dinosaur in the street?  \--50%.  \--?  \--Well, either I meet him, or I do not meet him.
If Ariana Grande colors her hair blonde Will her name be Ariana Blonde?
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are stuck on an island. One day, the three of them are walking along the beach and discover a magic lamp.   They rub and rub, and sure enough, out pops a genie.   The genie says, "Since I can only grant three wishes, you may each have one."   The brunette says, "I've been stuck here for years. I miss my family, my husband, and my life.   I just want to go home." POOF!   The brunette gets her wish and she is returned to her family.  Then, the red head says, "I've been stuck here for years as well. I miss my family, my husband, and my life.   I wish I could go home too." POOF!   The redhead gets her wish and she is returned to her family.   The blonde starts crying uncontrollably.   The genie asks, "My dear, what's the matter?"   The blonde whimpers, "I wish my friends were still here."
A blonde lady goes to the doctor and says, 'Doctor, I think I might be pregnant...' The doctor says, 'Have you had a check up recently?' She replies, 'No. I think he might've been German.'
A blonde and a businessman are watching the 11 o'clock news when reports of a jumper on the roof comes on. The businessman turns to the blonde and says, "I bet you $20 that the guy jumps."  The blonde agrees and 5 minutes later the guy jumps. As the blonde takes out her wallet to pay the businessman, he says, "no it's ok, i saw this story on the 8 o'clock news and i knew that would happen."   The blonde turns to the man with a somber expression and says, "I watched it too, but I didn't think he'd jump again."
Ran into our doula the other day. She'd dyed her hair blonde and was driving a new convertible. I think she's having a midwife crisis.
Why did the blonde have bruises around her bellybutton? 'Cuz blond men aren't that smart, either.
A redhead, a blond and a brunette are challanged by god... God is going to tell 100 jokes. if they laugh, they die.  God tells the first joke, the brunette laughs and she dies.  God tells the third joke, the redhead laughs and she dies.  God is getting ready to tell his last joke but suddenly the blonde laughs and god asks why, the blond replied "i understood the first one..."
Why does it take longer to build a blonde snowman? You have to hollow out the head
A blonde walks into a bar The bartender says "this is gonna be a joke isn't it"
A very beautiful blonde woman meets a nice young man A very beautiful blonde woman meets a nice young man and, after a while, they end up in her house and they start having sex. They're having fun, doing it in different position, and during one of the good moments the woman freezes for a few seconds and then continues. After a while the same thing happens, where the woman stops moving for a few moments and then continues again. The guy is a bit confused, but didn't want to interrupt the act.  After they finish, the woman asks  "So, did you like it?"  "Yeah. But that thing that you were doing, where you froze for a few moments and then continued, why were you doing it?"  "I saw it on the internet. It's called buffering."
Why Was the Blond Mathematician's Fly Open? Just in case he needed to count to 11.  &amp;#x200B;  A very old joke, but sharing on the chance there's anyone who hasn't heard it before.
A Blonde &amp; Her Thermos  A blonde notices that her coworker has a thermos, so she asks him what it's for. He responds, "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold."     The blonde immediately buys one for herself. The next day, she goes to work and proudly displays it.     Her coworker asks, "What do you have in it?"     She replies, "Soup and ice cream." 
A BLONDE &amp; HER TWO COATS  While her husband was at work, a blonde decided to paint their living room. After her husband arrives home, he finds his wife lying on the floor in a pool of sweat while wearing a parka and a mink. He asked her what she was doing. She said, "I wanted to prove to you that not all blonde women are dumb, and I wanted to do it by painting the living room." He says that he was impressed at the good job she had done, but asked, "Why are you wearing two coats? She replied, "I read the directions on the paint can, and they said, ''For best results, put on two coats!'" 
How do you drown a blonde? Put a mirror on the bottom of the pool
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are stranded in the desert As they're walking the come upon a convenience store. They go inside to gather supplies for the long journey home.   The brunette says "I'll grab plenty of water so we can have enough to drink."  The redhead says "I'll grab food so we have enough to eat."  The blonde says "I'll grab a car door in case it gets hot, we can roll down the windows!"
What do you call it when a blonde woman puts on a wig? Artificial Intelligence.
A blonde goes to the hairdresser A blonde goes to the hairdresser wearing headphones. The hairdresser asks her to take her headphones off. No! The blonde replies. But m’ am, your headphones are in the way, please take them off. No! The blonde says again. Because the blonde refuses to take her headphones off, the hairdresser sees but 1 option and pulls the headphones off of the blonde’s head. The blonde yells and after a few seconds, she passes out. The hairdresser puts on the headphones on and hears: breath in, breath out. Breath in, breath out. Breath in, breath out.
A blonde feminist A blonde feminist heard a man shout "respect the cock". She thought for a while and came up with the best response:  "Respect the cock dock"
The Italian Lover, a virile middle aged Italian gentlemen named Guido was relaxing at his favorite bar in Rome when he managed to attract a spectacular young blond woman. Things progressed to the point where he led her back to his apartment and, after some small talk, they retired to his bedroom where he fucked her senseless.  After a pleasant interlude, he asked with a smile, “So, you finish?” She paused for a second, frowned, and replied. “No.” Surprised, Guido reached for her and the fucking resumed. This time she thrashed about wildly and there were screams of passion.  It finally ended and, again, Guido smiled and asked, “You finish?” Again, after a short pause, she returned his smile, cuddled closer to him and softly said, “No.” Stunned, but damned if he was going to leave this woman unsatisfied, Guido reached for the woman yet again.  Using the last of his strength, he barely managed it, but they ended together screaming, bucking, clawing and ripping the bed sheets.  Exhausted, Guido fell onto his back, gasping. Barely able to turn his head, he looked into her eyes, smiled proudly and asked again, “You finish??  Barely able to speak, the beautiful blonde whispered in his ear… “No, I Norwegian.”
A blonde was touring a farm... ...and asked the farmer, "Why doesn't that cow over there have horns?"  "There are many reasons why a cow doesn't have horns," began the farmer.  "Some cows are bred to be hornless.  On some cows, the horns come in later.  Sometimes, the horns are removed.  And on some cows, the horns fall off.  That particular cow doesn't have horns because it's a horse."
A blonde joke a friend told me sometime ago (I'm sorry if this offends you) Three women named Katie, Rachel and Karen, our blonde protagonist, attempted to rob the local bank.  Katie explained the plan to both of them. They went through it once again and then left for the bank.  While Karen went inside the bank, Rachel waited in the driver's seat and Katie was leaning against the back of their van.  A few moments later when the siren sounded, Katie opened the back door and jumped into the van, ready for Karen to arrive.  Karen runs out with a bomb in one hand and a rope in the other with a safe tied to it tugging along. A guard with his pants down was running behind her.  Karen tried but couldn't get the safe into the van. At last, Katie shouted, "Leave it ! Get in !" Karen gets in and they rush out.  After reaching safety, Katie began shouting, "What were you thinking ?! What was that all about ?! I think I told ..... KAREN YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO TIE THE GUARD AND BLOW THE SAFE !"
Why are blond jokes so short? So men can understand them
What do you get if you stand a dyed blonde on her head? A brunette with bad breath.
A blond on a cabin getaway (long) A blonde a brunette and a redhead find themselves stuck in a snowstorm on what was supposed to be a charming cabin getaway. Upon running out of food, the redhead decides she will venture out into the storm to search for something to eat. Later that night she returns with a rabbit.  The other girls are very excited and ask "How did you get this?" "Easy, found tracks, followed tracks, nabbed a rabbit." Days later they next send out the brunette who returns later that day with a turkey. "How did you get this?" "Easy, found tracks, followed tracks, nabbed a turkey." When that had run out it was the blondes turn to go and forage.   She returned later that day, covered in blood and bruises.  She had a broken leg and had only barely managed to drag herself back to the cabin. The other girls were very concerned and asked the blonde, "How did this happen?" "Found tracks, followed tracks, got hit by a train"
A blonde goes into a library... A blonde walks into a library and marches right up to the librarian and says "I'd like a hamburger with fries please".  The puzzled librarian says "I'm sorry miss, but this is a library".   So the blonde whispers, "I'm sorry, may I have a hamburger with fries".
A blonde hooks up with a guy at a bar having met earlier on Tinder. Straight away, she starts flirting with him, subtly at first, but it quickly escalates.  "I don't usually get much response to my profile, why'd you pick me?" asks the guy.   "Well, in all honesty, I mostly use Tinder for sex", claims the blonde, "You're cute and I like what you wrote in your profile about being a unique".   "Um... I'm a eunuch"
A blonde and a lawyer are seated next to each other on a flight from LA to NY. The lawyer asks if she would like to play a fun game. The blonde, tired, just wants to take a nap. Politely she declines and rolls over to the window to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists and explains that the game is easy and a lot of fun.  He explains, "I ask you a question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me $5.00, and vise versa."  Again, she declines and tries to get some sleep. The lawyer, now agitated, says, "Okay, if you don't know the answer you pay me $5.00, and if I don't know the answer, I will pay you $500.00." This catches the blonde's attention and, figuring there will be no end to this torment unless she plays, agrees to the game.  The lawyer asks the first question. "What's the distance from the earth to the moon?" The blonde doesn't say a word, reaches into her purse, pulls out a $5.00 bill and hands it to the lawyer.  "Okay," says the lawyer," your turn." She asks the lawyer, "What goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four legs?" The lawyer, puzzled, takes out his laptop computer and searches all his references. No answer. Frustrated, he sends e-mails to all his friends and coworkers, to no avail. After an hour, he wakes the blonde and hands her $500.00.  The blonde says, "Thank you," puts her head on the pillow and goes back to sleep.  The lawyer, who is more than a little miffed, wakes the blonde and asks, "Well, what's the answer?" Without a word, the blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5.00, and goes back to sleep.
the blonde and the brunette sister Two sisters, one is blonde and one is brunette, are trying to start a farm. The brunette sister finds a prized bull in the classified and leaves to check it out. She tells the blonde that she will contact her to come haul the bull back to the farm if she decides to buy it.  The brunette goes to the farm and decides to buy it. The farmer tells her that the bull will cost exactly $599, no less. So she buys the bull and heads to town to contact her sister. The only person she can find to help her is a telegraph operator.  The operator tells her "It costs 99 cents per word, what would you like to send?"  The brunette replies "Well I only have $1 left." She thinks for a while and tells the operator she wants to send the word 'comfortable.'  The operator asks "How will she know you bought the bull and want her to bring the haul from the word comfortable?"  The brunette replies "She's a slow reader."
What did the blonde say after the lesson on electricity? Watt?
Why did the blonde enter the tennis courts naked? Because the sign said tennis shoes only.   *edit* Thanks for the sliver kind person
Two blonde pilots... On their first commercial flight together two blonde pilots, best friends for years, are finally flying together after years of being co-pilots for more experienced captains. The cockpit was finally *theirs*.  The flight goes very smoothly and they congratulate each other as they are coming into land.  As they approach the runway it is obvious they are going much too fast. The back wheels of the plane barely touch asphalt before they leave then airstrip entirely, the plane barreling through tall grass until they crash directly into the side of the airport.   Clearing debris from her face the pilot says to her co-pilot "Oh my god... Did you see that? That runway was **way too short!**"  "Yeah, but it must've been 2 miles wide!"
A blonde is driving down the road, and sees another blonde in rowboat in the middle of a field... She parks on the side of the road, gets out of her car, and gets pissed.  She starts yelling at the blonde in the rowboat, "You idiot!  It's blondes like you that give intelligent, perceptive blondes like me a bad name.  Look at you, you make me so angry.  If I could swim, I'd come out there and punch you right in the face!"
How did the blonde couple die at the drive-in? They went to see "closed for the winter"
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are in 5th grade. Which one is hotter?  The blonde..because she’s 18.
What do you call an intelligent blonde? A golden retriever!
A blonde dyes her hair brown and goes for a drive in the countryside While she is driving, she stops for a shepherd who is crossing with some sheep. She asks,"If I can guess the amount of sheep you have, can I keep one?" The shepherd replies,"Sure, why not" So the blonde (now brunette) thinks for a while and says,"261" The number is right, so the shepherd let's her choose a sheep. She picks the cutest one On that decision, the shepherd asks her,"If I can guess your real hair colour, can I have my d9g back?"
A blonde works at a bank A blonde works at a bank and an old lady walks up.  Old Lady: Hello ma'am. Will you help me check my balance?  Blonde: Sure. No problem.  The blonde goes close to the old lady and pushes her. The old lady falls and gets hurt.  Blonde: I'd say it can be better.  Old lady: Ouch. Can you at least call 9\-11 for me?  Blonde: Sure.  A few minutes go by the blonde still is looking at the phone staring blankly.  Old lady: What happened?  Blonde: I can't find the eleven.
Three women are about to be executed. One's a brunette, one's a redhead, and one's a blonde. The guard brings the brunette forward and the executioner asks if she has any last requests. She says no, and the executioner shouts, "Ready! Aim!"   Suddenly the brunette yells, "EARTHQUAKE!!!"  Everyone is startled and throws themselves on the ground while she escapes.  The guard brings the redhead forward and the executioner asks if she has any last requests. She says no, and the executioner shouts, "Ready! Aim!"  Suddenly the redhead yells, "TORNADO!!!"  Everyone is startled and looks around for cover while she escapes.  By now the blonde has it all figured out. The guard brings her forward and the executioner asks if she has any last requests. She says no,  and the executioner shouts, "Ready! Aim!"  And the blonde yells, "FIRE!!!"
Three women plan to escape from jail. One is a redhead, one is a brunette, and one is a blonde. As the women are in their cell, the brunette suggests an escape plan. She decides that they should break out at exactly midnight, as that is when the guards change posts and are most tired.   The women escape quietly and quickly. However, a guard somehow notices them, and proceeds to shout and call the police. This is when the redhead suggests that  they should run to a nearby barn, take a ladder, climb to the top, and then pull the ladder up.  The women make it to the top just as the cops come. The police just manage to see the redhead pull up the ladder. The police claim that they have the women surrounded and that they should surrender immediately.  The brunette, having yet another idea tells them all to hide in barrels on the roof. The police bring in a ladder and climb to the top. They can’t find the women anywhere. The cop is so frustrated he kicks a barrel. The redhead in there, using quick thinking, decides  to act like a dog. She barks and barks. The cop, thinking it was a dog kicks the second barrel with the brunette in it. The brunette copying the redhead, starts meowing. The cop thinking it was a cat is in disbelief wondering where the women went off to. He finally kicks the third barrel. The blonde inside finally realizes what to do. She shouts, “MOO!”
A police call with a blonde A blonde phoned police to report that thieves had stripped apart her car.   "They've stolen the dashboard, the steering wheel, the brake pedal, even the accelerator," she cried out.   However, before the police investigation could start, the phone rang a second time and the same voice came over the line.  "Nevermind, I got in the back seat by mistake."
Why did the blonde think she was hard of hearing after speaking with the tax collector? Because her debts were in arrears.
A guy was getting ready for a dinner-date with a stunning blonde. He looked at the mirror and thought: "I should get some color! I know a safe place to get a tan on my roof."    It was blazing hot that day; he went to the roof, undressed, and decided to tan for 30 minutes.   Unfortunately, he fell asleep; and when he woke up, he was badly burned especially at the groin region. Also he only had an hour before the date, so he was not able to do first aid.    The guy drove off towards the blonde's house where, fast forward, they were having sex; and after he came, the sunburn acted up.    The pain was too much at this point, so he excused himself and said that he was going to get a drink.   He went to the kitchen and opened the fridge where there was a bottle of wine, and two cartons of juice and milk.   He frantically took the wine and doused his crotch. He was relieved but only for a minute, so he grabbed the juice and poured it onto his piece.   At this moment, the blonde was wondering what's taking him so long. So she went to the kitchen where she saw him take out the milk and spill it in his pants.    The blonde chuckled and remarked: "So that's how they refill it!"    
I said to this blonde girl, I bet you $50 I can make you turn your hands over, no way says the blonde, I said put your hands out so blonde puts her hands out, I said. No the other way.  So she turns her hands over.    Courtesy of Only Fools and Horses.
What do you call a blonde-haired, blue-eyed person who served in the military? A veterinarian.
A blonde crashes a helicopter A policeman arrives shortly and helps the blonde out from the wreckage. "How did this happen?",questions the policeman. The blonde replies,"It got chilly so I turned off the fan."
A blonde woman gets on a plane to Detroit and heads for a seat in first class, despite having an economy ticket... A short while into the flight an air hostess notices she's in the wrong section of the plane and asks her to return to her allocated seat. The blond simply replied "no". Shocked and confused, the hostess insisted once more that she move, but the blond refused again.   &amp;#x200B;  The hostess leaves to go get help from other attendants. Multiple women try their luck at explaining to the blond that she's in the wrong seat, but none prevail.  &amp;#x200B;  Eventually, they seek the help of the Captain.  &amp;#x200B;  "She's blonde, you say?" queried the Captain.  &amp;#x200B;  The hostess' nod.  &amp;#x200B;  "Shouldn't be an issue, my wife is blonde"  &amp;#x200B;  The Captain gets up and approaches the woman - the hostess' watching from a distance. After a few seconds the blond quickly gathers her things and heads back to her seat. The Captain returns to the hostess'. Amazed, they ask how he did it.  &amp;#x200B;  "It's simple, really" he said, "I just told her first class wasn't flying to Detroit"  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  My mate told me this one when we were in 4th grade, I randomly just remembered it so I thought I'd share. It's not laugh-out-loud funny, but I think it warrants a short exhale out the nose &lt;3  &amp;#x200B;
Two Blond men find three grenades They talk about it and decide to take them to a police station. On the way there one asks:  What happens if one of them explodes?  The other one replied: We’ll just tell them we found two.
A blonde chick accidentally falls off a 10 storey building She gets caught on the 9th floor by a guy.  "Are you gonna give me a blowjob if i rescue you?" "No!" The guy drops her   She gets caught again on the 6th floor by another guy "Are we gonna have sex if i rescue you?""No!"This guy drops her as well  She gets caught by another guy on the 3rd floor "I'll blow you, i'll fuck you just please rescue me!"  "Fuck off you whore!"
What's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? the mosquito stops sucking when you slap it.
A blonde was going ice fishing. When she drilled the first hole she heard a voice “there’s no fish under the ice!” So she stood up and found a new spot. As she drilled the second hole she heard the voice again “there’s no fish under the ice!!” So the blonde responded with a shiver “god is that you?” “No mam I’m the janitor of this ice rink”
Jack, a handsome man, walked into a sports bar around 9:58 pm. He sat down next to this blonde at the bar and stared up at the TV as the 10:00 news came on. The news crew was covering a story of a man on a ledge of a large building preparing to jump. Jack says, "You know what, I bet he will."  The blonde replied, "Well, I bet he won't."  Jack placed $30 on the bar and said, "You're on!"    Just as the blonde placed her money on the bar, the guy did a swan dive off of the building, falling to his death.  The blonde was very upset and handed her $30 to Jack, saying, "Fair's fair... Here's your money."   Jack replied, "I can't take your money, I saw this earlier on the 5 o'clock news and knew he would jump."    The blonde replies, "I did too;  but I didn't think he'd do it again."  Jack took the money.
A young blonde woman is distraught because she fears her husband is having an affair so she goes to a gun shop and buys a revolver.   The next day she comes home to find her husband in bed with a beautiful redhead.   She grabs the gun and holds it to her own head.   The husband jumps out of bed, begging and pleading with her not to shoot herself.   Hysterically the blonde responds to the husband, "Shut up...you're next!"
The blonde's password  During a recent password audit, it was found that a blonde was using the following password: "MickeyMinniePlutoHueyLouieDeweyDonaldGoofySacramento"   When asked why such a long password, she said she was told that it had to be at least 8 characters long and include at least one capital. 
A blonde walks into a doctor’s office Blonde: doc! I think I got a skin disease!  She proceeds to poke everywhere and every time she pokes herself she yelps  Doctor: ma’am are you a natural blonde?  Blonde: yes why?  Doctor: your finger’s broken.
A blonde gets pulled over for speeding. Cop: "You were speeding, can I see your license?"  Blonde: "Of course not!"  Cop: "Why is that?"  Blonde: "You just took it away from me yesterday, and now you expect me to show it to you!"
A blonde suspects her husband of cheating on her... So, unbeknownst to her husband, she takes the day off work and goes to buy a handgun.  She comes home early and bursts into the bedroom to find her husband in bed with another woman.  "I knew it!" she screamed, as she pointed the gun at her head.  "Honey don't do it!" The husband pleaded.  The blondw replied, "Shut up! You're next!"
What does a fake blonde have in common with an airplane? They both have a black box. 
This guy was driving in a car with a blonde. He told her to stick her head out the window and see if the blinker was working.  She stuck her head out and said, "Yes, No, Yes, No, Yes..."
A blonde was walking down the street carrying a bag.. When another blonde rounds a corner and runs into her. "My apologies! But what is in the bag, may I ask?"  "Oh, just carrying home some chickens for dinner for me and my husband!" "If I guess how many chickens are in there, may I have one?" "Hah ! If you can guess how many chickens I have in my bag, you can have *both* of them!" chuckles the blonde   "Umm.. seven?"
Blonde Joke: A blonde woman was speeding down the road in her little red sports car and was pulled over by a woman police officer who was also a blonde. The cop asked to see the blonde's driver's license. She dug through her purse and was getting progressively more agitated. "What does it look like?" she finally asked. The policewoman replied, "It's square and it has your picture on it." The blonde finally found a square mirror, looked at it, and handed it to the policewoman. "Here it is," she said. The blonde officer looked at the mirror, then handed it back saying, "Okay, you can go. I didn't realize you were a cop."     
What did the blonde customer say after reading the buxom waitress's name tag? A: "What did you name the other one?"
What did the blonde say after multiple orgasms? Way to go team!   
What did the blonde say when asked if her blinker worked? “Yes, no, yes, no, yes, no, yes, no, yes, no, yes, no.”
A blonde and a businessman are flying... A blonde and a businessman are flying... the pilot says over the speaker that they've lost an engine, but they should be just fine, flying on three engines.  However, it will take an extra hour to get where they're going.    After a little while, there's some rumbling, and the pilot says over the speaker that there's another engine out. He says that they'll be fine flying on two engines, but it will take another three hours to get where they're going.    More time goes by, there's some more rumbling, and the pilot says over the loudspeaker that a third engine went out, but they can limp along on one engine.  However, it will take an extra six hours to get where they're going.    At this point, the blonde turns to the businessman and says, "Boy, if the other engine goes out, we'll be up here all day!"
I've just bought some blonde hair and blue eyes. I'm saving them for a special Caucasian. 
I said to this Blonde Girl, I bet you a blow job I can sing a song with your name in it, she said OK you are on, my name is Susan. Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday dear Susan, Happy Birthday to You. You're the 14th Blonde I have sang to this week. 
A blonde is overweight, so her doctor puts her on a diet. A blonde is overweight, so her doctor puts her on a diet.   “I want you to eat regularly for two days, then skip a day, and repeat the procedure for two weeks. The next time I see you, you’ll have lost at least five pounds.”   When the blonde returns, she’s lost nearly 20 pounds.   “Wow, that’s amazing!” the doctor says.   “Did you follow my instructions?”   The blonde nods…   “I’ll tell you, I'd thought I was going to drop dead that third day."   “From hunger, you mean?” said the doctor.   “No, from skipping,” replied the blonde.
During a nationwide blonde convention... A blonde convention was being held at the City Square. A blonde representative screamed out loud, "We shall show them that we are blonde, and WE ARE NOT DUMB!" She was greeted with a roar of applause.  After two hours of cheering, speeches and demonstrations, the blonde leader called forward a blonde teenager on stage and said, "To prove the world that we aren't stupid, I have called a student of math and we shall test her with some problems." She asked, "What is 34 times 26?"  The girl thought for a while and said, "1224?"  The politician was dismayed and said that it was incorrect. However the crowd started chanting, "Give her another chance! Give her another chance!"  The leader spoke out, "Okay! We shall give her something slightly easier. Tell me, What is 256 + 439?"  "605!", the girl cried.  It was wrong again. The leader was abashed and the people again asked her to be given another chance.  "All right! Let me ask something even more simpler. Girl! What's 10 times 11??"  "110?", the girl said meekly.  The whole crowd fell silent. The silence ensued for a while which was soon broken with calls of "Give her another chance! Give her another chance!"
A blonde and a brunette are talking about their boyfriends’ dandruff problems The brunette says, “my boyfriend used to have dandruff, but I gave him Head and Shoulders and it went away in a few days”  The blonde thinks for a minute and then replies, “how do you give shoulders?”
A blonde sees a man carrying a thermos A blonde sees a man carrying a thermos and becomes perplexed.   "What is that? "  "A thermos."  "What does it do?"  "It keeps a hot thing hot, and a cold thing cold."  "I don't understand."  "If I put coffee in here, the coffee stays hot. If I put ice cream in here, it stays cold."  The blonde is amazed and buys one for herself. The following day, one of her friends spots her with her brand new thermos.  "What is that? "  "A thermos."  "What does it do?"  "It keeps a hot thing hot, and a cold thing cold."  "So what did you put in it?"  "Coffee and ice cream."
1990s Blonde joke What’s the definition of eternity?  4 blondes at a 4 way stop junction 
Blonde walks into a doctors office and says: "Doctor, what’s the problem with me?   When I touch my arm, ouch! It hurts...   When I touch my leg, ouch! it hurts...   When I touch my head, ouch! It hurts...   When I touch my chest, ouch! it really hurts!"  The Doctor replies: "Your finger is broken."
What's the difference between a Ferrari and a 23 year old blonde girl? I don't have a Ferrari tied up in my garage. 
What happens when a blonde swallows a fly Then she has more brains in her stomach then her head.
So this blonde girl finally got her driver's license, but is still disapointed. Why is that? On her license, there's a line that says  ''Sex: F''
Blonde joke An old blind cowboy wanders into an all-girl biker bar by mistake... He finds his way to a bar stool and orders a shot of Jack Daniels.  After sitting there for a while, he yells to the bartender, 'Hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?'  The bar immediately falls absolutely silent.  In a very deep, husky voice, the woman next to him says, 'Before you tell that joke, Cowboy, I think it is only fair, given that you are blind, that you should know five things:  The bartender is a blonde girl with a baseball bat.  The bouncer is a blonde girl with a 'Billy-Club'.  I'm a 6-foot tall, 175-pound blonde woman with a black belt in karate.  The woman sitting next to me is blonde and a professional weight lifter.  The lady to your right is blonde and a professional wrestler.  'Now, think about it seriously, Cowboy.... Do you still wanna tell that blonde joke?'  The blind cowboy thinks for a second, shakes his head and mutters, 'No...not if I'm gonna have to explain it five times............'
I ordered a tall blonde at Starbucks but all I got was this coffee...
Blonde and the Airlines A blonde rings up an airline and asks, "How long are your flights from America to England?"   The woman on the other end of the phone says, "Just a minute..."  The blonde says, "Thanks!" and hangs up the phone. 
A blonde is walking down the road and notices a red head The red head was jumping on and off a set of railroad tracks counting "21,21,21". So the blonde walks up and asks her what she is doing. The red says "Oh nothing just doing this 21,21,21" as she's jumping on and off the tracks. So the blonde decides  to join her and they both starting jumping on and off the tracks counting "21,21,21". Eventually a train comes by and the red head gets out of the way but the blonde doesn't and she is hit by the train and killed. Once the train had passed by the red head goes back to the tracks and starts counting again "22,22,22".
The Blonde joke to end all Blonde jokes A blonde woman was speeding down the road in her little red sports car and was pulled over by a woman Police Officer, who was also a blonde.  The blonde cop asked to see the blondes driver's licence. She dug through her purse and was getting progressively more agitated.  "What does it look like?" she finally asked. The Police woman said "It's square and has your picture on it"  The driver finally found a square mirror in her purse, looked at it and handed it to the Police woman. "Here it is" she said.  The blonde officer looked at the mirror, then handed it back saying "Okay, you're free to go, I didn't realize you were a cop"
A Blonde, a Brunnete, and a Redhead work at a construction company. They have all worked with each other for years, and would always eat together for their lunch break.   They would always have the same sandwiches packed for their lunch. They were sick and tired of eating the same thing every day.   The Brunette said, "If I have another turkey sandwich packed in my lunch tomorrow I am going to jump off of this building."   The Redhead said, "If I have another ham sandwich packed in my lunch tomorrow I am going to jump off of the building."   The Blonde said, " If I have another PB&amp;J sandwich packed in my lunch tomorrow, I am going to jump off the building."  So the next day when they were on their lunch break, they opened up their lunch and they all had the same things packed. So they jumped off the building they were working on, and killed themselves.   At the funeral, the wives of the Redhead and Brunette were crying, because they found out that their husbands had killed themselves because of the lunches they packed for them every day.   They looked over at the wife of the Blonde who had died, and she was laughing.   They asked her why she was laughing, when her husband had just died.   She said, "That idiot! He packs his own lunch."
A Blonde, A Redhead, And A Brunette Are Lost In The Desert… They found a lamp and rubbed it. A genie popped out and granted them each one wish.  The redhead wished to be back home. Poof! She was back home.  The brunette wished to be at home with her family. Poof! She was back home with her family.  The blonde said, “Awwww, I wish my friends were here.”
This gorgeous blonde donated a bedside table to me. She really didn’t want money, she said it’s just one nightstand.
What do you call a blond that dyes her hair? Artificial Intelligence
A blond is having money troubles... [REPOST?]Her business is failing, her car has been repoed, and her house is in foreclosure. She sits down at night and prays to God "dear God please let me win the lottery, I will do good things and be ever so faithful." She watches the nightly lottery and no luck she didn't win. For days she continues to pray and plead to win the lottery and every night at the drawing she doesn't win. Finally on the eighth week of praying she hears the voice of god. "My child, meet me halfway...buy a ticket."
As a wise blonde once said, "There are 3 types of people on this planet," "dreamers and go-getters."
On the first day of training for parachute jumping, a blonde listened intently to the instructor. He told them to start preparing for landing when they are at 300 feet.   The blonde asked, “How am I supposed to know when I’m at 300 feet?”   “That’s a good question. When you get to 300 feet, you can recognize the faces of people on the ground” said the instructor.  After pondering his answer, she asked, “What happens if there’s no one there I know?”
A beautiful blonde woman ends up sitting next to a professor on a plane. He's amused by her ditzy attitude, and the two start playing a trivia game. The blonde agrees to pay a dollar for every question she gets wrong, and the professor, feeling pompous, offers to pay a hundred dollars for his incorrect answers.   After missing the first question, the blonde asks something along the lines of "What goes up a hill wet, then comes down the hill dry?" The professor spends the whole ride trying to solve the riddle, but eventually gives up and hands the blonde a hundred dollar bill when the plane lands.   As she stands up to leave, the professor asks "So what does go up a hill wet, then down a hill dry?" ...at which point the blonde takes out another dollar and hands it to him with a wink.
Generic blonde joke. A blonde went to the appliance store sale and found a bargain. "I'd like to buy this TV," she told the salesman. "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes," he replied. The blonde was very angry about this. She hurried home and dyed her hair, then came back and again told the salesman, "I'd like to buy this TV."  "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes," he replied again.  The blonde didn't understand how the salesman had recognized her but she was still mad and wanted to get her bargain. This time, she went home and got a haircut and new color, a new outfit, big sunglasses and a big hat. She then waited a few days before she went back and went to the same salesman.  "I'd like to buy this TV," she said.  "Sorry, we don't sell to blondes," he replied yet again.  Frustrated, she shouted, "How do you know I'm a blonde?"  "Because that's a microwave," he replied.
A blonde is working on a puzzle... She calls her husband over and says, "This is the hardest jigsaw puzzle I've ever seen in my whole life!"   The husband responds, "What do you mean, honey?"   She says, "Well there's a picture of a tiger on the box, but looking at all these pieces, I don't see how in the world this is going to ever make picture of a tiger."  The husband says, "That's alright honey, let's just put all the cereal back in the box."  
A blond walk into a bank and asks for a $5000 loan She will be going away on a business trip for a week. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so the blonde hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce. The luxury car, its gleaming shell attracting wishful looks from passer-bys, is parked on the street in front of the bank. The bank officer proceeds with the verifications and everything checks out. The bank thus agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. The bank's president and its officers all enjoy a good laugh at the blonde for using a $250,000 Rolls as collateral against a $5,000 loan. The car is driven into the bank's underground garage and parked there.  A week later, the blonde returns from her business trip. She returns the loan along with the interest- a total bill of $5000 + $20.  The bank officer says, "Excuse me madam, pardon our curiosity and all but we checked your credentials to realise that you're actually a millionaire. Why would you need to borrow $5000?"  The blond replies with a smile, "Where else in a city can I park my luxury car for a week perfectly safely for only $20 and expect it to be there undamaged when I return?" 
Why did the blonde stare at a frozen orange juice can for 2 hours? Because it said "concentrate"!
What similarity does a blond and beer bottle have? They both are empty from head.
Why did the blonde snort sweet and low? She thought it was Diet Coke 
A man asks his blonde friend for help on the phone. "I can't, I'm buying clothes"  "well hurry up"  "I can't find em"  "what do you mean you can't find em?"  "I can't find 'em, there's only soup"  "what? There's only soup? Go into the next aisle!"  "there's still more soup!"  "how could there still be more soup?? Where are you?"  "I'm at soup!"  "what do you mean, you're at soup?"  "I mean I'm at soup"  "no, what store are you in??"  "I'm in the soup store!"  "WHY ARE YOU BUYING CLOTHES AT THE SOUP STORE??!"  "FUCK YOU!!"
Blonde walks into a library and searches around for an hour. Eventually she approaches the librarian with a book in her hands.  "Ah, learning all about fire I see", says the librarian, "very interesting".   "Well, no actually... " replies the blonde, "my boyfriend sent me out to get something, but this is the closest I could find".   "I'm sure I can help", says the librarian, "what did he ask you to find?"   "A book of matches"
Why can't a blonde dial 911? She can't find the eleven. 
A blonde was on vacation in the depths of Louisiana. She wanted a pair of genuine alligator shoes, but didn't want to pay the high prices.  After unsuccessfully haggling with of one of the shopkeepers, the blonde said, "Maybe I'll just go out and catch my own alligator, so I can get a pair of shoes at a reasonable price."  Later in the day, the shopkeeper spotted the young woman standing waist deep in the water, shotgun in hand.   She took aim at an alligator, killed it and hauled it onto the swamp bank.  Lying nearby were several more of the dead creatures.  The shopkeeper watched in amazement as the blonde flipped the alligator on its back and shouted in frustration, "Damn, this one isn't wearing any shoes either."
A man tells his blonde girlfriend that his scalp is itchy. Worried, she calls her mother and asks what to do. She replies calmly, “Just give him some Head &amp; Shoulders.” She agrees, but calls back about 30 minutes later, “Umm... how do you give someone shoulders?”
A blonde is in a car accident. “I think I have a concussion,” she tells the paramedic.  The paramedic says, “OK, let’s check you out. How many fingers do I have up?”  The blonde replied, “OMG, my ass is paralyzed too?”
A blonde, wanting to earn some money, decided to hire herself out.... A blonde, wanting to earn some money, decided to hire herself out as a handyman-type and started canvassing a wealthy neighborhood. She went to the front door of the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do.    "Well, you can paint my porch. How much will you charge?"    The blonde said "How about 50 dollars?"    The man agreed and told her that the paint and other materials that she might need were in the garage.    The man's wife, inside the house, heard the conversation and said to her husband, "Does she realize that the porch goes all the way around the house?"    The man replied, "She should, she was standing on it."    A short time later, the blonde came to the door to collect her money.    "You're finished already?" he asked.    "Yes," the blonde answered, "and I had paint left over, so I gave it two coats."    Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50.   "And by the way," the blonde added, "it's not a Porch, it's a Ferrari."
A blonde and a millionaire are on a plane The millionaire is a very smart guy. He sees the blonde &amp; decides to play a game with her for a quick laugh. He goes up to her, and says:   "Hey let's play a game. I'll ask you a question. If you can't guess it, you give me $5. Then you ask me one, if I can't guess it, I'll give you $10,000". The blonde agrees.   So the millionaire begins, and asks "who was the first president of the United States?". The blonde thinks about it and in the end can't figure it out. So she gives him $5.   The millionaire chuckles. "Okay, your turn" the millionaire says confidently. "Okay" the blonde says. "What goes up the hill with 3 legs and comes back down with 4?".  The millionaire looks at her &amp; is very confused, and can't figure it out. He starts calling his friends and his family, and goes on the internet trying to desperately get the answer, but to no results.  "Okay, you win" he says, as he gives her $10,000.  "Yes, thank you!" She says. As she begins to walk away, the millionaire looks at her confused and stops her.  "Hey!" He says. "Sooo then... what goes up the hill with 3 legs and comes back down with 4?"  "Oh, I don't know" the blonde says. And she gives him $5 and walks away.
A blonde was driving through the countryside... and she looked out into a field and saw another blonde woman, in a rowboat, rowing so hard the dirt was flying. The 1st blonde pulled over to the side of the road, jumped out of her car, ran up to the fence and yelled: "You're the reason people make Blonde jokes and if I could swim I'd come out there and beat the hell out of you!".
This blonde woman was at a nightclub and started dancing with a big black man. Things were going well and she later invited him home. When they got inside she threw her arms around him and whispered in his ear: "I want you to prove that what they say about black men is true" So he stabbed her and stole her purse.
A blonde was desperate for money...  so she decided to go to the richer neighborhoods around town and look for odd jobs.  At the first house, a man answered the door and told her. 'Yeah, I have a job for you. Could you paint the porch?'  'Sure,' smiled the blonde, 'I'll do it for $100.'  'Great,' the man replied. 'You'll find the paint and stuff you need in the garage.'  The man went back into the house to his wife, who'd been listening. 'A hundred bucks! Does she know it goes all the way around the house?' asked the wife.  'Well, she must. She was standing right on it!' he said.  About 45 minutes later, the blonde knocked on the door. 'I'm all done,' she reported.  The man was amazed. You painted the whole porch?'  'Yeah,' the blonde said. 'I even had some left, so I put on two coats!'  The man reached into his wallet to pay her.  'And by the way,' said the blonde, 'that's not a Porsche. It's a Ferrari.'
A blonde woman is taking a walk around the neighborhood, pushing a pram with her baby in it.. An elderly woman walking towards them stops, looks into the stroller and says, "What a beautiful baby! What sign was he conceived under?"     The blonde blushes slightly and replies, "It said 'Keep off the grass'."
Why did the blonde snort artificial sweetener? She thought it was diet coke
Blonde Joke A brunette, a red head, and a blonde walk into a magic shop. The owner tells them about a magic mirror that makes people disappear when they tell lies.   The girls walk up to the mirror and take turns testing to see if it works.   Brunette: “I think I’m the smartest girl in the world.” She disappears.   Red head: “I think I’m the prettiest girl in the world.” She disappears.   The blonde walks up unsure of what to say at first.  Blonde: “I think...” And she disappears.
What do you call a blonde who doesn't know how to tie her shoes? A blonde.
A blonde Australian tourist walks into a hairdresser's in England. "Did you come here to dye?" the hairdresser asks her. After a little pause she replies "No, I already came here yesterday."
A Blonde and a Bank A blonde walks into a high-end bank in New York City and requests a personal loan of $5,000 for her trip to Europe for two weeks. The loan officer explains that they'll need collateral for the loan, so the blonde hands over the keys to her Rolls Royce along with showing the title as proof of ownership. Everything checks out, so the loan officer approves the loan; after the blonde leaves, the loan officer, management, and executives have a laugh at the $250k Rolls Royce as collateral for a $5,000 loan.  An employee of the bank then drives the Rolls into the bank's underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, the blonde returns and repays the $5,000 and the interest, which comes to $15.  The loan officer says, "Miss, we're grateful for your business, but your account status with us shows you're a multi-millionaire; why did you need to borrow $5,000?"  The blonde replies, "Where else in New York can I park my car for two weeks for only $15 and expect it to be there when I return?"  *(My dad told me this joke ages ago and it's still stuck with me to this day.)*
A Blonde hard up for cash kidnaps a kid at the park. She writes a random note:  “I have your son. If you want to see him again, tonight leave a bag with $500 under a park bench by the pond.      PS. No cops!  - Blonde.”  Realizing that she has no idea where to send it and not wanting to expose herself in the first place, she smartly sends the kid home to deliver her menacing missive.   The following morning she arrives at the designated bench and underneath finds a bag with the money and a note:  “How could you do this to your fellow Blonde???”
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead are each in their own rooms, who is the hottest? Whoever forgot to turn on the air conditioner.
One blond to another: which is further away, London or the moon? The other: helloo isn’t it obvious? You can’t even see London from here
A blonde and a brunette work in an office together... The brunette tells the blonde that she doesn't feel like being there today, so she jumps up and grabs the hanging ceiling light.   About that time their boss walks into the room and asks the brunette what the hell she is doing.  The brunette responds: "I'm a light bulb!"  The boss just looks down and tells her she needs some time off, and for her to go home for the day.   As soon as the brunette leaves, the blonde also makes her way to the door.   The boss stops her and asks where the hell she's going.   The blonde replied: "Well I can't work in the dark. "
A bad blonde trial The blonde CEO of a small pharmacy company is on trial for murdering all of her workers.         Judge: Why did you commit this crime, Mrs. Rogers?         CEO: My workers complained about a glass ceiling, so I gave them a dirt one.
A blond woman goes to the hospital...  "What seems to be the problem?" asked the Doctor. "Something is terribly wrong, I keep finding postage stamps from Costa Rica in my vagina."  The Doctor had a look, chuckled and said "Those aren't postage stamps my dear, they're the stickers off the bananas"
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead go into a bar. Brunette: "I'll have a B &amp; C."  Bartender: "What's a B &amp; C?"  Brunette: "Bourbon &amp; Coke."  Redhead: "I'll have a G &amp; T."  Bartender: "What's a G &amp; T?"  Redhead: "Gin &amp; Tonic."  Blonde: "I'll have a 15."  Bartender: "What's a 15?"  Blonde: "Du-uh! A 7 and 7."
A blond walks into a mechanic's shop. She is concerned because her car has a lot of miles and nobody wants to buy it from her. The mechanic tells her that for a price, he can roll back the odometer. After she agrees, he does just that, telling her she can now sell her car. He blond says, "why would I do that? It has lower mileage now!"
What did the blond name her zebra? Spot.
What did the blonde say when the classroom bully stole her pencil? I LITERALLY CAN’T EVEN WRITE NOW
Blonde Woman with her cheating boyfriend A blonde who suspects her boyfriend of cheating on her goes out and buys a gun. She goes to his apartment unexpectedly, opens the door, and, sure enough, finds him naked in the arms of a redhead. Well, now she’s angry. She opens her purse and takes out the gun. But as she does so, she is overcome with grief and points the gun at her own head.  The boyfriend yells, "No, honey, don’t do it."  "Shut up," she says. "You’re next.
A Blonde and a Brunett are talking about thier night. The brunette says "last night I slept with two Brazilian guys"   The blonde replies "WOW! I don't even know that many people" 
How do you keep a blonde at home? Build a circular driveway. 
Why did was the blonde happy she finished a jigsaw in 6 months? Because the box said it was for 2-4 years.
Off yo blond wife If you are married to a blond chick and want to kill her for whatever yo reasons may be, how would you do it and get away with it...?   You would have her drowned herself by putting a scratch n' sniff sticker at the bottom of pool 
Why can't a blond dial 911? She cant find the eleven.
A smart blonde joke. A blonde and a lawyer are sitting next to each other on a flight from NY to LA. The lawyer asks if she would like to play a game? The blonde, who is tired, just wants to take a nap. She politely declines and rolls down the window to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists and explains that the game is easy and a lot of fun.  He explains "I ask you a question and if you don't know the answer you pay me $5.00 and vice versa."  Again she declines and tries to get some sleep. The lawyer, now agitated says " fine, if you don't know the answer you give me $5.00 but if I don't know the answer then I'll give you $500.00"  This catches the blonde's attention and, figuring there will be no end to the torment unless she plays, agrees to the game.  The lawyer goes first "What is the distance from earth to the moon?" The blonde silently reaches into her purse and proceeds to pass the lawyer $5.00  "Ok" says the lawyer "Your turn." The blonde turns to the lawyer and says "what goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four legs?" The lawyer, puzzled, pulls out his laptop and checks all his references. Nothing. Frustrated, he emails all his friends and colleagues, to no avail. After an hour he wakes up the blonde, who had fallen asleep, and passes her $500.00. The blonde smiles, puts the money in her purse and falls back to sleep.  The lawyer, more than a little miffed, wakes up the blonde and ask her the answer. The blonde stares at him for a moment, reaches into her purse, pulls out a five and goes back to sleep.
A blond and a redhead are talking one afternoon. Redhead - "So how was your weekend?"  Blond - "Not to good my cat got it's tail cut off by the lawn mower."  Redhead - "That's terrible! What did you do about it?"  Blond - "Well I got the cat and it's tail and took it to Walmart."  Redhead - "Why wouldnt you take the cat to the vet?"  Blond - "Well I heard that Walmart was the larger retailer in the country."   Credit goes to my mother for this one.
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette just escaped prison and decide to hide out in a barn.             After an hour, they hear cop cars coming near the barn, and thinking quickly,  the brunette tells everyone to hide under barrels and follow his lead. As the police approach the brunette's barrel, he lets loose a vicious "bark, bark, bark". Taken by surprise, the police move away from his barrel and towards the redhead's barrel. Right before they lifted it up, he meows and hisses just like an angry cat. The police again retreat from the barrel. Getting the gist of the plan, the blonde waits for the police to come close and in the highest pitch he can muster says "Apples, apples."
A Belgian blonde is having sex with her husband... After a few minutes, she asks him if he has AIDS.  "What? No! I don't have AIDS! Just relax."  And so they keep going. After a few more minutes, she asks him if he is sure that he doesn't have AIDS.  "I already told you, I don't have AIDS! Why do you keep asking me that? You're ruining everything!"  To which his wife replies:  "Well, the thing is, I'm scared of catching it a second time..."
There was a blond, brunette and a redhead running from a cop... They turn down an alley and it's a dead end. The blond hides in a sack of potatoes. The brunette hides in a dumpster and the redhead hides in a trashcan.  The cop comes running down the alley and doesn't see them. So he walks over to the trashcan and kicks it.  "Meow!"  Meows the redhead  "Ahh, it's just a cat." Says the cop. He walks over to the dumpster and kicks it.  "Woof woof!" Barks the brunette.  "Just a dumb dog." The cop says. Then he walks over to the potato sack and kicks it and the blond yells...   "POTATO POTATO POTATO!"
Why couldn't the blonde add 10 + 5 on a calculator? She couldn't find the "10" button.
A brunette, a red-head and a blonde A brunette, a red-head and a blonde were in jail when they decided to break out. The girls broke out and the brunette said, "Let's hide in that barn, they'll never find us."  So they climed up the ladder and then the blonde threw it down.  The next morning, the cops said, "Come out with your hands in the air!"  The red-head said, "Hide in those baskets, they'll never find us!"  So the Brunette got in the first one, the red-head got in the second one and the blonde got in the third one. Meanwhile, the cops were getting a ladder set up and trying to get up there. Once they got up, the seargent ordered them to kick the baskets.  So the cop kicked the first one: "RUFF."  "It's just a damn dog!" yelled the cop.  The cop kicked the next one: "MEOW."  "It's just a damn cat," yelled the cop.  The cop kicked the next basket and the blonde yelled, "POTATOES!"    
A man asks a blonde how many apples can she eat on an empty stomach. The blonde replies "Four".  The man says, "No, you can only eat one. After that your stomach is not empty". The blonde gets excited and plans to ask the same question to her friend.   Blonde: How many apples can you eat on an empty stomach?   Friend: Five.    Blonde: Aww shucks. It would have been so much fun if you had said four.
A brunette, a ginger and a blonde were in grammar class. The teacher told them about the degrees of comparison of adjectives: positive, comparative and superlative. Then, she asked for examples from the students.   The brunette says "deep, shallow, flat".   The teacher responds "That's not I'm asking. It should be the same adjective."   The ginger says "deep, not as deep, not deep at all".   The teacher responds "That's not adjective comparison. That's just comparison using the same adjective."   The blonde says "deep, deeper, oh!".
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are all in 9th grade. Which of them is the hottest? The blonde because she's the only one whos 18.
What's the difference between a blonde and the Panama canal? Well one's a busy ditch...
Blonde: My husbands dandruff is getting out of control! Friend: Why don't you give him head and shoulders?  Blonde: How do you give shoulders?
A blonde and a lawyer on a long flight A blonde is sitting next to a lawyer on a long flight. She wants to sleep, but the lawyer keeps waking her up. "Let's have a quiz," the lawyer suggests. "If I answer wrong, I'll pay you fifty euros. If you answer wrong, you pay me five."  The blonde agrees.  The lawyer goes first: "What's the distance between Earth and the Moon?"  The blonde hands the lawyer a five euros. Now it's her turn to ask: "What climbs a mountain with four legs and comes down with three?"  The lawyer is stumped. He tries to look for an answer on the internet and texts every scientist he knows, but can't come up with an answer. After several hours, he wakes the blonde up, gives her fifty euros and asks "What's the right answer?"  Without saying a word the blonde gives him a five euros and falls back to sleep.
A beautiful blonde woman approaches a pharmacist and asks, "Do you have extra large condoms?" The pharmacist replies, "Yes, isle 11."  The blonde goes to the isle. But about 30 minutes later she is still looking at the condoms. The pharmacist calls over to her, "Do you need some help?"  The woman replies, "No, I'm just waiting for somebody to buy some."
Blonde and the bar The blonde is having a great time in the bar, but she is kissing all of the drinks sexually. Someone asks, "Why are you doing this?"  She replies, "It's called alcohALL and I need to love alcohALL of it!" 
Why are blonde girls so dumb?? Because they are a couple letter away from being blind.
Suicide blonde Two women were watching a blonde walk by? The first one said, "I wonder whether she's a natural blonde or a bleached blonde.”   Her friend said, "She's a suicide blonde.”   The other said, "Suicide blonde? What's that?”   The friend said, "Dyed by her own hand!”
A Blonde Goes On A Diet A blonde is overweight, so her doctor puts her on a diet."I want you to eat regularly for two days, then skip a day, and repeat the procedure for two weeks. The next time I see you, you'll have lost at least five pounds."  When the blonde returns, she's lost nearly 20 pounds.  "Why, that's amazing!" the doctor says. "Did you follow my instructions?"  The blonde nods. "I'll tell you, though, I thought I was going to drop dead that third day."  "From hunger, you mean?" said the doctor. "No, from skipping," replied the blonde. 
Why did the blonde die while raking leaves? She fell out of the tree
How do you tell a blonde from a brunette in the dark? Just call out "can you hear me?" and listen for the reply "no, its too dark in here!"
A Blonde, a brunette and a redhead are trying to get to heaven St. Peter is at the bottom of a staircase, welcoming them.   "Welcome, these are the steps that lead to the gates of heaven. There are a hundred steps and at each one, I will tell an offensive joke and if you laugh, you have no business getting into heaven. "  So they start their journey and it goes well for quite some time until at step 24 the redhead burst out laughing. St. Peter tells her she is not allowed to go into heaven, so she leaves.   At step 47 the brunette couldn't keep a straight face anymore, so St. Peter tells her off as well.   But the blonde is still going strong until finally, at step 99 she couldn't keep it in anymore. St. Peter looks confused  "Why are you laughing? I didn't even get to the last joke?" He said.   The blonde replied; "I just got the first joke" 
A brunette was walking down the middle of the road saying 74 to herself over and over again. A blonde spotted her and asked what she was doing. The brunette replied "don't you know? It's great fun. You should try it." So the blonde begins walking in the middle of the road chanting 74 . Suddenly a lorry appeared and got the blonde, killing her instantly. The brunette continued "75, 75, 75..."
[NSFW] A little person hits it off with a blonde at a party. An exceptionally short, but good looking man was chatting up a tall, leggy blonde at a party.    Woman: This is you're lucky night.  I've never been with a midget and want to cross it off my list.   Let's go back to my place.  Man: Absolutely, just one thing.  I can only have sex with the lights off.   She agrees and they go back to her place.   There's just a bit of foreplay before he crawls down her, planting kisses along the way.   He gets between her legs and she feels the largest penis she's ever had in her life thrust into her.  Woman: Oh God! That's so huge!  Man: If you like that, wait until I get the other leg in. 
How do you drown a blonde? Put a scratch and sniff at the bottom of a pool.
A BLONDE &amp; HER THERMOS A blonde notices that her coworker has a thermos, so she asks him what it's for. He responds, "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold."  The blonde immediately buys one for herself. The next day, she goes to work and proudly displays it.  Her coworker asks, "What do you have in it?"  She replies, "Soup and ice cream."
What did the rooster say to a blonde? Cock-a-doo-ladoo  What did the blonde say back?  Any cock will do!
What's the difference between a blonde and am ironing board? It's hard to open the legs of an ironing board
What's the positive thing about being a blonde? You can't get a brain tumor.
Well hidden blonde There was a blonde a redhead and a brunette.  They all decided to go to the bar and they got fake ids cause they were underage.  So they go in and the bartender knows they are underage so he call the cops.  The readhead informs the girls that the bartender has called the cops and they have to leave.  So they go out the back door and they run to a nearby farm.  The redhead notices some pigs so she runs and hides with all of them. The brunette sees some cows and runs and hides with them and the blonde notices sacks of potatoes and hides behind them.  Then the police arrive in the bar, and the bartender takes them out back to look around.  They go to the farm to continue looking.  One cop says "They might be hiding with the pigs".  So he shines his light at the pigs and asks "Anyone in there?"  "Oink oink," says the redhead.   "Well, nobody in there." The cop shines his light at the cows. "Anyone in there?" He asks.  "Mooo," says the brunette.   "Nope, nobody in there." The cop shines his light by the potatoes and asks, "Anyone there?"  A few seconds of silence pass by before the cop hears the blonde respond in a slow voice... "po...ta...toes."
Blonde iPad Q: Why did the blonde put her iPad in the blender?  A: She was trying to make apple juice.
Another blonde joke... A blonde was speeding on a highway when a policeman pulled her over.   The policeman walks up to the blonde and say "excuse me ma'am can I see your driving license and registration."  The blonde looks at the policeman angrily and says "I wish you guys would get your act together. Just yesterday you took my license away and then today you expect me to show it to you."
A redhead, brunette, and blonde are about to be executed by ISIS The red head was up first. Right before she was going to be executed she yelled, “TORNADO!” All of the ISIS members took cover and she escaped.   The brunette was the next in line. She followed in the red-head’s footprints and this time screamed “SANDSTORM!” The gullible ISIS members again ducked for cover while she escaped.   The blonde thought to herself, “This is going to be easy. These people are idiots.” The blonde stood with a smug look on the shooting block while the ISIS leader roared, “Ready…Aim….” The blonde yelled, “FIRE!”
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead are in a Mexican prison. They committed a crime and have been sentenced to death. The women are instructed to say when they are ready for the firing squad to shoot and kill them. The brunette is called up. She says, "Ready, aim, tornado!" Afraid of an approaching funnel cloud, the police quickly turn around and the brunette runs away. Once regrouped, the redhead is summoned. She says, "Ready, aim, earthquake!" Fooled again, the police quickly turn around to get cover while the redhead runs away. Then it's the blonde's turn, who says, "Ready, aim, fire!"
Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble. In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull so that they can breed their own stock. The brunette balances their checkbook, then takes their last $600 dollars out west to another ranch where a man has a prize bull for sale. Upon leaving, she tells her sister, "When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home." The brunette arrives at the man’s ranch, inspects the bull, and decides she does want to buy it. The man tells her that he can sell it for $599, no less. After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news. She walks into the telegraph office, and says, "I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pick-up truck and drive out here so we can haul it home." The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, "It’s just 99 cents a word." Well, with only $1 left after paying for the bull, the brunette realizes that she’ll only be able to send her sister one word. After thinking for a few minutes, she nods, and says, “I want you to send her the word, 'comfortable.'” The telegraph operator shakes his head. "How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pick-up truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her the word, 'comfortable'?" The brunette explains, "My sister’s blonde. She’ll read it slow."
Why did the blonde bring a ladder to the bar? Someone told her drinks were on the house.
A blonde decides to buy a TV She walks into a store and asks for a TV. The shopkeeper says "We don't sell to blondes."  She gets angry and dyes her hair black. Tomorrow she comes into the same shop, and asks for a TV. The shopkeeper says again, "We don't sell to blondes."  "How did you know I was blonde?"  "This is a microwave store."
A blonde is boarding an airplane flying to New York City for the first time. She takes her seat in first class and is getting comfortable when a man walks over and says, "Ma'am, I believe you're in my seat."  "No, no," explains the blonde "I'm blonde and I'm beautiful and I'm going to New York."  The man got frustrated and alerted the flight attendant of the potential problem. The flight attendant checked both the blonde's and the man's tickets and confirmed the blonde was in fact in the wrong seat.  "Ma'am, your ticket is for coach, you're sitting in first class. You'll need to move to your assigned seat."  Again the blonde is completely undeterred by this and promptly states, "I'm blonde and I'm beautiful and I'm going to New York."  The flight attendant is now frustrated and has asked his coworkers to help this woman understand she's in the wrong seat. But she kept brushing them off and repeating over and over "I'm blonde and I'm beautiful and I'm going to New York."  Eventually the pilot gets word of what's taking place in the cabin and goes out to see what he can do. He takes one look at the woman and gently whispers something into her ear. She quickly jumps up, grabs her belongings and rushes to coach.  Everyone is standing in shock at how fast he got her to move. When they ask him how he did it he simply replied, "My wife is a blonde. All I told her is that first class is not going to New York."
[Blonde Joke] A Blonde, A Brunette and A Red head all went on a camping trip together But were only allowed to take one item with them, they were all sat down in the camp and the blonde and the red head said to the brunette  "What item did you bring?" and the brunette replied "I've brought a GPS so that if we get lost we can find our way back to the camp. The blonde and the red head say "Good idea" then the blonde and the brunette say to the red head "What item did you bring" and the red head replies " I've bought a box of matches so that if it gets cold we can light a fire" the blonde and brunette say "Good idea" and then red head and brunette say to the blonde " What item did you bring and the blonde says "I've brought a car door" the brunette and red head say " Why?" And the blonde replies " Incase it gets hot, then we can roll the window down.
What's the difference between a mosquito and a blonde... When you smack one it stops sucking.
A brunette, a redhead and a blonde are set to be executed by firing line. The executioner calls up the brunette."Any last words!" he yells."NO!"yells the brunette. so the executioner says "ready -aim - fi- But before he can finish the brunette yells "earthquake!" And in the resulting panic, the brunette escaped.  Next the executioner calls up the redhead. "Any last words!" He yells. "NO!" Yells the redhead. "Alright" says the executioner. "Ready-aim-fi-" But before he can finish the redhead yells "tornado!" And in the resulting panic the redhead escapes.  Next the executioner calls up the blonde. "Any last words!" He yells "NO!" Yells the blonde. "Alright then - Ready - Aim" But before he can finish the blonde - having thought she knew what to do, yells "FIRE!"
The Blonde that wanted to prove she wasn't dumb. A blonde woman kept getting told she was dumb because she was blonde. She decided to dye her hair black and show people how smart she was. She approached a farmer with a herd of sheep and asked him.  -"Sir, if i can guess how many sheep you have there, will you give me one?"  -"Well ma'am, i suppose, if you guess the exact number i'll let you have one".  -"Alright, you have 134 sheep".  -"I'll be damned, that's exactly right, well, pick the one you like".  -"THIS ONE!"  -"If i guess the natural color of your hair, can i have my dog back?"
Why did the blonde snort nutrasweet? She wanted diet coke. 
Why does a blonde open yogurt in the store? Because the box says "Open here"
A blonde, a brunette, and a redhead stumble across a magic mirror The trio spot a sign next to it reading "Whatever ye think you are, shall come true!"  The group are excited, and the brunette offers to go first.  She steps up to the mirror and says "I think I am the prettiest person in the world!" she immediately  gets a call, and after answering, screams in delight. "Im now offically a victorias secret model, and miss universe!" she hurries away.  Next, the redhead steps forward "I think I am the smartest person in the world!" she immediately gets a call, and after answering, screams in delight "Ive won the Nobel Prize!" she hurries away.  Finally, the blonde steps forward "I think..."   She immedialty disappears 
After the helicopter crash, the blond pilot was asked what happened.  She replied, "It was getting chilly in there, so I turned the fan off."
A blonde rings up an airline. A blonde rings up an airline.  She asks, "How long are your flights from America to England?" The woman on the other end of the phone says, "Just a minute..." The blonde says, "Thanks!" and hangs up the phone.
NSFW Cop pulls over a blonde for speeding When he gets up to the window he asks for her licence and registration.  “What’s a licence” she asks  So the cop explains what a licence is.  The blonde quickly says “Oh I have one of those” and hands it over to the cop.  “I also need to registration” reminds the cop  “What’s a registration” she asks  So the cop explains what a registration is to her.  “I have one of those” she says as she grabs it and hands it over.  So the cop takes the licence and registration back to his car to write up the ticket.  As he’s writing up the ticket he tells his partner how dumb this blonde is.  His partner thinks a minute and says “when you take the ticket to her, give her everything then drop your pants to see what her reaction is.”  So the cop finishes writing up the ticket and heads back to the blonde.  He hands her her licence, registration and the ticket then drops his pants.  The blonde looks confused for a second then her face falls, “oh no, not another breathalyzer test” 
So a blonde is invited to a Lying competition  The goal of the competition is to tell the most convincing, outrageous lie. The blonde thinks for days and days over what lie she is going to tell but she is never able to come up with a good one.  On the day of the competition, she walks up on stage, still lacking a good lie. She reaches for the microphone, grasping for any idea, and stares at the crowd. "hmm, let me think about this", she mutters to herself.  The crowd breaks into cheers and applause, confetti falls from the sky, and the Judge walks up to her, and gives her the first place award.
A blonde shows up to a bar where two of her lovers are drinking together and telling sex stories. The guys think they're dating different chicks and don't see her come in. She sneaks over to a table by the jukebox and listens in.  "It was straight up the most enthusiastic BJ ever," the first guy says. "It was like she was trying to break the bob a knob speed record. And she literally had no gag reflex bro."  The second guy says, "My girl's the same way! She deep-throated so hard my balls were using her tongue as a pillow!"   "No shit," says the bartender, twirling his mustache thoughtfully. "It's almost like it's the same girl."   He nods in their general direction and asks, "What's her name?"   "Britney," they blurt out in unison.   They glare at each other just long enough to wonder whose dick was there first; then, without another word, they start punching each other.  Britney witnesses all of this and doesn't understand why they're fighting.   It was over her head. 
A blonde, a brunette and a redhead walked into an elevator. There was an awkward silence until the brunette spotted what looked to be cum on the wall opposite her. She squinted at it, trying to be sure, when the redhead noticed and asked:  "Are you ok..?"  "I swear that looks like cum on the wall.." said the brunette, before she walked over to it and sniffed it. "Yep, I'd recognise that chloriney-bread smell anywhere. That certainly IS cum!" She exclaimed.  The redhead walked over and poked it: "Hey.. You're right! And it's still wet! Wow, someone must've got lucky in here! I wonder who he was?"  The blonde pushed past them both, dropped down next to it and licked it. The brunette and redhead gagged in disgust, as the blonde took her time to thoroughly taste it before yelling:  "No-one from the building!"
A blonde gets in her car... and notices that her dashboard windshield and steering wheel were missing she called the cops and reported a theft when the cops arrived she was crying in her car and the cops went up to her and said "Ma'am you are sitting in the backseat".
A blonde gets a tattoo... ...On her inner thigh of a conch shell.  Friend: Why did you get a conch shell tattoo on your inner thigh?  Blonde: So that when you put your ear against it you can smell the ocean.
A blonde, a brunette &amp; a redhead are being chased by the police... They end up in a dark alley and see 3 potato sacks on the ground.   The brunette says: Quickly, let's hide in these bags and we'll be disguised as potatoes.  The Redhead adds: If anyone comes, just pretend you're a potato.  The blonde agrees and hides in one of the three bags.  The police end up in the alley and see 3 sacks of potatoes. The officer is about to leave but wants to make sure they're not hiding in any of the bags.  He kicks the bag with the brunette - she makes no sound.  He is satisfied and kicks the second bag, with the redhead - she makes no sound.  He's about to walk off, being satisfied, but wants to make sure so he walks up to the third sack and kicks it. The blonde chants "Potato, potato".
A blonde walks into a bar. "That must've  hurt", says the prison guard.
A blond is walking in a field... As she is walking she can't help but admire the beauty of nature.She sees a beautiful tree, a beautiful rock, beautiful flowers and the comes across a beautiful stream. She follows the beautiful stream to see if she can find a place to cross. After a while she sees another beautiful blond standing on the far bank. She calls out to the other blonde, "Excuse me, excuse me... how do you get to the other side" she asks. The other blonde looks at with a very confused expression and says, "But you are on the other side!"
What do you call a blonde with two brain cells? Pregnant. 
An Englishman, a Frenchman, a ravishing blonde and a homely brunette... ...................are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek. The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.' The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.' The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.' The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.'
A blonde went to the electronic store and she asked.. A blonde went to the electronic store and she asked, "How is much is this TV?"  The salesman said, "Sorry, we don"t sell to blondes."  The next day she came back as a brunette.  She asked the salesman how much the TV was.  He said, "Sorry, we don"t sell to blondes."  The next day she came back as a red head and asked the salesman how much the TV was.  He said, "Sorry we don"t sell to blondes."  She replied, " I came in here as a brunette and a red head. How do you know I am a blonde?"  "Because that is not a TV, it's a microwave."
A Blond, Brunette and Redhead Mom Gathering A blond, brunette and a redhead group of mothers gathered and talked about how messy their daughters can be.  The redhead mother says: "I was cleaning up my daughter's room one day and I found a pack of cigarettes under her bed... I didn't know she smoked?!"  The brunette mother says: "I was cleaning up my daughter's room too and I found a pack of beers under her bed... I didn't know she drank?!"  The blond mother says: "I was cleaninup my daughter's room too and I found a pack on condoms under her bed... I didn't know she had a dick?!"  :D?
A blonde walks into a store. After a while, she comes across a salesman, holding a thermos and proclaiming to anyone who would listen, "This is the greatest invention in history!" The blonde stops, confused as how a simple cup could be the greatest invention. She asks the salesman, "Why is it so special?" To which he replies, "It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold for up to 5 hours. Isn't that incredible?" The blonde looks at the thermos with a confused expression, and seems lost in thought, saying "but..., but..., but..." After a while, she looks at the salesman and blurts out her question, "But how does it know?"
How does a blonde kill an earthworm? She buries it alive. 
The Blonde Movie A blonde walks up the stairs to the movie theater. She asks the employee, "I would like to see YOUR STEP, please!"  "Sorry, woman, but that movie does not exist," said the employee.  "What are you talking about? It is a real movie and I want to see it really bad!" said the blonde.  "Why do you think the movie is real?" asked the employee.  The blonde replies, "Well... when I was on the stairs, it said WATCH YOUR STEP!"
What did the Asian man say to his wife when the hospital nursery tried to send them home with a blonde hair, blue-eye baby? Hmmm... two Wongs don't make a white.
How do we know Adam was blonde? Who else could stand beside a naked woman but only want the apple.
A hot blonde asked for my seat on the bus today. "Hi, would you mind if I have your seat?  I am pregnant."  I checked her out, "Uhh, sure, I guess..."  "Thanks!"  I looked at her some more and asked, "I don't mean to intrude, but how far along in your pregnancy?"  Blonde smiled and said, "Umm, maybe around 50 minutes?"
One day a brunette, a redhead and a blonde decide to go through their daughter's purses. The brunette goes through her daughter's purse and finds cigarettes. She says, "Oh my god, I'm so ashamed! My Daughter smokes!" So, the redhead goes through her daughter's purse and finds an empty can of beer. She says, "Oh my god, I'm so ashamed! My daughter drinks!" So, finally, it's the blonde's turn and she finds a used condom. She says, "Oh my god, I'm so ashamed! My daughter has a penis!"   
Blonde vs lawyer A blonde and a lawyer are sitting next to each other on a plane. The lawyer asks the blonde if she wants to play a game, "All you have to do is ask a question and if i get it wrong or don't know it i give you five dollars, then i ask you a question and if you get it wrong you pay me five dollars."   "No," she says, "I just want to sleep."   He keeps asking and she finally gives in when he says if he gets it wrong he will pay her five hundred dollars, but she still only has to pay five dollars.   "What is the distance from the earth to the moon?" he asks.   She gives him 5 dollars. "What goes up the hill with four legs and comes down with five?" she asks.   He pulls out his laptop and searches it, but finds nothing. Then he emails his friends. After an hour, he still hasn't got an answer, he hands her 500 dollars. Then he asks her, "So what is the answer?"   She hands him 5 dollars.
What did one of the blonde's legs say to the other one? "Between you and me, we could make a lot of money."
A blonde, brunette, and a redhead are stranded on an island. The natives capture them and tell them if they can stick 10 fruits up their butts they can live. The brunette gets 10 peaches and goes first. She laughs after 3 and is killed. The redhead is up next is shows up with cherries. She gets through 8 then laughs and is also killed. In heaven the redhead asked the brunette why she laughed and she said that the peach hairs were very ticklish. The brunette asked the redhead why she laughed and she said, "I saw the blonde coming with pineapples"
A blonde, a redhead, and a brunette are on a road trip... Their car stops running in the middle of nowhere and they can all take one thing to the nearby abandoned factory for survival. The redhead takes water in case they get thristy. The brunette takes food in case they get hungry. The blonde takes the car door, in case they get hot she can roll down the window.
There was a race between a brunette, a redhead and a blond to swim There was a race between a brunette, a redhead and a blond to swim from the mainland to Vancouver Island, doing only the breaststroke.  After about 14 hours the brunette staggered up on shore and was declared the winner.  About 40 minutes later, the redhead crawled up to the finish line in second.  Nearly four hours after that, the blond finally came ashore and promptly collapsed in front of the worried onlookers.  When the reporter asked why it took her considerably longer to finish the race, she replies, “I don’t like to sound like a sore loser, but I think those two other girls were using their arms!”  
Why are blonde jokes always so short? So the people who like to tell them can remember them.
BLONDE EASTER Three blondes just died and are at the pearly gates of heaven. St. Peter tells them that they can enter the gates if they can answer one simple question. St. Peter asks the first blonde, "WHAT IS EASTER?" The blonde replies, "Oh, that's easy, it's the holiday in November when everyone gets together, eats turkey, and are thankful..." "WRONG," replies St. Peter, and proceeds to ask the second blonde the same question, "WHAT IS EASTER?" The second blonde replies, "No, Easter is the holiday in December when we put up a nice tree, exchange presents, and celebrate the .............the birth of........ of Jesus."   St. Peter looks at the second blonde, shakes his head in disgust, looks at the third blonde and asks, "WHAT IS EASTER?" The third blonde smiles and looks St. Pete in the eye. "I know what Easter is.   Easter is the Christian holiday that coincides with the Jewish celebration of Passover.  Jesus and his disciples were eating at the last supper and Jesus was later deceived and turned over to the Romans by one of his disciples.  The Romans took him to be crucified and he was stabbed in the side, made to wear a crown of thorns, and was hung on a cross. He was buried in a nearby cave which was sealed off by a large boulder.   Every year the boulder is moved aside so that Jesus can come out, and if he sees his shadow there will six more weeks of winter
A beautiful blonde boards a plane to Vancouver... As soon as the plane takes off, she leaves her seat in the economy section, heads to first-class, and sits in an empty seat.   A flight attendant notices, and approaches the woman. "Excuse me, ma'am, may I please see your ticket?"   The woman hands her ticket to the attendant. The attendant explains to her that hers is an economy ticket, and she will need to return to her assigned seat.   Upon hearing this, the woman replies, "I'm blonde, beautiful, and I'm not moving until we get to Vancouver."   The attendant, frustrated, heads to the cockpit to explain the situation to the pilot and copilot.   "Let me have a talk with her," says the copilot, as he gets up to exit the cockpit.  Moments later, the attendant and pilot, still in the cockpit, hear the woman screaming "I'M BLONDE, BEAUTIFUL AND I'M NOT MOVING UNTIL WE GET TO VANCOUVER!"   The copilot returns to the cockpit, clearly rattled by the woman. He tells the pilot, "She's not gonna listen to anything, let control know they'll need to have security waiting when we land."  The pilot replies, "let me try. My wife is blonde; I speak their language."  He exits the cockpit. The attendant and copilot watch as he approaches the woman and whispers something in her ear. After which, she promptly gets up, thanks the pilot, and heads back to her seat in economy.   When he returns to the cockpit, the attendant and copilot, bewildered, ask him what he said to her.  "Easy," he replies, "I told her that first-class wasn't headed to Vancouver."    
