NSFW A woman was lying on the beach one day... When suddenly a bee flies into her vagina. Scared as she was, she went to the doctors office and received a male doctor in the urgent matters. She explained her problem to him. He said there was nothing to worry about.  "Just go home and put some honey on your husbands dick, and ask him to put it in you. In that way the bee will stick to the honey and your husband can just take it out".  The woman explained to the doctor that she had no husband or a boyfriend.  The doctor would gladly help her in this case, and did what he had said. He put some honey on his dick and put it in her vagina. But suddenly he started to move it back and forth and the woman asked "shouldn't you just stay inside" The doctor said in a rush "I changed my mind, i'm gonna shoot that motherfucker instead"  Edit: translation and spelling fixed
3 friends get wasted... The next day, they are all hungover, and meet up try to sort out the nights events  The first friend says sadly " I don't remember anything past the second bottle...all I know is I woke up next to the nastiest skank I've ever seen..."  Second friend looks at him and nods " yeah....I can't remember much either....and I ended up next to my sister in law.....my wife's gonna kill me...."  The third friend is sitting with his head in his hands, a thousand yard stare on his face. After a long while he speaks up " I remember everything...after you guys left with the girls, I went home and blew chunks...."  The others look at him and sigh " well that's not bad man...you got off easy!"  " no guys....chunks is my dog...."
The Talking Dog Joke from my Grandpa There was this guy who loved garage sales. While driving through a neighborhood he spotted a sign that advertised for a garage sale, and it also said there was a talking dog for sale as well. So he stopped and knocked on the front door. A man answered the door and the guy says he noticed he had a talking dog for sale. The man said yes he did. The guy asks how well does the dog speak? The man says the dog is tied up in the backyard to he could talk to the dog himself. So the guy goes into the backyard and spots the dog tied up to his dog house. The guy down on the dog and says "I understand you can talk." The dog says "yup." The guy then asks the dog how long he's been able to talk. The dog says when he was a pup it was discovered he could talk, so the government hired him to sit in and act as a spy in various meetings. He was a national hero. Then, when the dog got older, the government let him go, and he went to work on Wall Street and reported on all the latest secret stock tips. The dog says he was highly decorated. At this point, the guy goes back to the front of the house and asks the owner how much he wanted for the dog. The man says $10. The guy says why such a low price for a dog that was so highly decorated, a national hero. The owner looks at the guy and says "Aw that damn dog is such a big liar, he never did any of those things."
Two Bank robbers robbed a bank. Two bank robbers wanted one more score before they retire. They picked out a bank, went In at night, got in the safe, went into the safety deposited boxes. Their was one problem though, their was no money. The safety deposit boxes was only full of banana pudding.  They think for a while and then one said "if we came all this way for no money, might as well get a free meal out of it". So the two robbers eat enough banana pudding to almost throw up. They left and got away. The next morning a news article came on the television, "two dumb bank robbers rob sperm bank".  
I take the bus to school So every morning I take the bus to campus. On the way, it stops by the local prison.   This morning, while we were stopped by the prison, I heard a loud crash. I look to my right and I see what used to be a window, now shattered.  I'm looking at the window, and I see some rope fly out. Following the rope, I see an inmate. A rather small inmate. As a matter of fact, the man was a dwarf.  I stared at him in awe. As he made his way down the rope towards freedom, he notice me observing him. He gave me the stink eye. I thought to myself:  Wow, that's a little condescending.
Quit your job. Sell your house. Take the money, and go to Las Vegas. A guy is at work when he hears a voice in his head.  Quit your job. Sell your house. Take the money, and go to Las Vegas.  He ignores the voice, but it keeps coming back.  Quit your job. Sell your house. Take the money, and go to Las Vegas.  Months go by, and the voice won't stop.  Quit your job. Sell your house. Take the money, and go to Las Vegas.  Finally the guy can't take it anymore. He quits his job. He sells his house. He takes all the money and buys a plane ticket to Las Vegas.  The second the plane touches down, he hears the voice in his head:  Go to a casino.  He goes to a casino.  Find the roulette table.  He finds the roulette table.  Put everything on 17 Black.  He puts everything on 17 Black. The dealer spins the wheel. It comes up Red 36. The voice in his head says:  Fuck!
A Revelation   It all started yesterday when I had to change a lightbulb.   On my way to the hardware store to buy a bulb I followed a chicken across the street.   Afterwards I walked into a bar where I saw a priest, a rabbi, and a blonde being served drinks by Matt, the bartender with no arms or legs.   I returned home drunk only to hear a knock-knock at my door.   There stood my neighbor's kid, little johnny.   It was at that moment I realized my life was just one big joke. 
A man said that his son was old enought to become a man He procedes to give him his rifle, and said   - son, my grandfather gave my father this rifle, then he passed it to me, and now i'm giving it to you, so you can defend your kids, just like i've defended mine.  The next day, the father asked him  -son, where is the rifle, I have to teach you how to use it  -oh dad, I went to the city and a man tradedwith me for this digital watch.  he then procedes to show his dad the watch. then the father asked him.  -But son, why would you do this?  he then replies  -Because from now on I can pass my son the watch  with anger in his eyes the father said:  -So if a man tells you that your son is a fag and your wife is a whore, will you say...  -it's 12:30!
The other night I was invited out for a night with “the girls.” I told my husband that I would be home by midnight. “I promise!” Well, the hours passed and the margaritas went down way too easy. Around 3 a.m., a bit blitzed, I headed for home. Just as I got in the door, the cuckoo clock in the hall started up and cuckooed 3 times.  Quickly realizing my husband would probably wake up, I cuckooed another 9 times. I was really proud of myself for coming up with such a quick-witted solution (even when totally smashed), in order to escape a possible conflict with him. The next morning my husband asked me what time I got in, and I told him midnight. He didn’t seem disturbed at all. (Whew! Got away with that one!).  Then he said, “We need a new cuckoo clock.” When I asked him why, he said, “Well, last night our clock cuckooed 3 times, then said, “Oh, crap,” cuckooed 4 more times, cleared its throat, cuckooed another 3 times, giggled, cuckooed twice more, and then tripped over the cat and farted.”
At first, I was happy and I knew it, so I clapped my hands.  But then, I was told to no longer display my gladness by clapping, but to instead stomp my feet. "Whatever," I thought, as I began to stomp, my happiness not deterred by the fickle change of instructions. Moments later, however, I was asked to no longer stomp as an outward sign of my gladness, but to instead "Turn around."   "Stop Changing It", I thought, and I began to become angry. So angry, in fact, that I threw a fit, wailing around thrusting my body this way and that.   Sadly, my fit of rage was not seen for what it truly was, as everyone assumed I was simply following the new instructions to "Do it all."
Three men are stranded on a desert island and are captured by the cannibal natives... The leader of the tribe says that he will let them live and send them home if they can complete three tasks, but if they fail they will be eaten. The men think about it between themselves and come to the conclusion that there is the chance that at least one of them can come out alive. They agree to the terms of the challenge and are given the first task.  Leader: you must journey into the jungle and bring back ten pieces of fruit. The only catch is that they must all be the same kind of fruit.  The men go off into the jungle and begin searching for fruits.  The first man returns with ten coconuts.  Leader: very good. Your second task is to stick each and every one up your butt without making any noise.  The man barely gets a third in when he starts crying. He's killed on the spot and eaten. The second man returns with ten grapes. The next task is told to him and he smiles as he sticks them up his butt one by one. He had gotten nine out of ten up his butt when he burst into laughter. He is killed on the spot and eaten.  When he is up at the big pearly gates St Peter asks him why he laughed as he was almost home free. The man replied: well you see, I saw the third man returning and he was carrying ten pineapples!
3 in a jar There are 3 flies in a jar. One male, two female. One day one of the female flies decides she wants to get out of the jar. She goes up to the other female fly and says, "Hey how do you get out of the jar?" The other female fly says, "I don't know maybe ask him."  So the female fly goes up to the male fly and asks, "Hey, how do you get out of this jar?"  The male fly says, " I can tell you but you have to fuck me first." And flies....they aren't very smart. So they do it and the male fly tells the female fly, "You start from the bottom of the jar and fly as fast you can to the top of the jar and Boom, you'll pop right out."  So the female fly does just that. Flies from the bottom of the jar to the top of the jar as fast as she can. SPLAT. Dies.   Later on the surviving female fly decides she wants to get out of the jar. So she goes up to the male fly and asks, "Hey, how do you get out of this jar?"  The male fly says, " I can tell you but you have to fuck me first." And flies....they aren't very smart. So they do it and the male fly tells the female fly, "You start from the bottom of the jar and fly as fast you can to the top of the jar and Boom, you'll pop right out."  So the female fly does just that. Flies from the bottom of the jar to the top of the jar as fast as she can. SPLAT. Dies.   Then the male fly gets out of the jar.  You probably want to know how the male fly got out.  I can tell you but you have to fuck me first.  
An American backpacker stumbles upon a patch of magic mushrooms while traveling through the jungle. He decides to make his adventure even more adventurous and eats the mushrooms.   A couple minutes later, everything starts to seem vibrant and oddly colorful.  He starts to hallucinate.  He follows what appears to be a trail and runs into a French chameleon.   The chameleon says "bonjour monsieur!".   The traveler smiles with wide eyes having never felt this kind of high.   He couldn't speak french, so he moves on a bit baffled without responding.   A couple minutes down to trail, the traveler starts feeling dizzy and develops and slight stomach ache.   A Spanish salamander appears.  The salamander says "Hola señor! Todo bien?"  The traveler says "hola" in response, but did not know any Spanish beyond that.   He continued on his way.  The dizziness and stomach pains quickly become unbearable.   The traveler vomits and collapses under a tree.   His breathing is heavy.  The thought of death starts looming in his nauseous mind.   He is trying his best to keep his teary eyes open, hoping it will keep him alive until the high wears off.    Out of nowhere, A British gecko appears.   The gecko says "So sorry old chap, you had some poisonous mushrooms, you'll be gone in a short bit, but I do have good news though."  With a weak breathe, the traveler mutters "whats the good news?"  The Gecko says   "I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching to Geico."   
A physicist, a chemist, and an economist are stuck on a desert island. A can of beans washes up on shore, and they begin deliberating how best to open the can. The physicist starts calculating the height and force with which the can must be dropped to break it open, but the other two object as they will then have sand mixed with the beans. Next the chemist begins calculating how long the can must be soaked in salt water in order to corrode the can open, but the other two object as they will then have salt water in the beans. Finally, the economist says, "Okay, I've got it. Assume we have a can opener."   Edit: grammar 
A mathematician meets a homeless man outside his favorite bar A mathematician meets a homeless man outside his favorite bar, and the homeless man recognizes him immediately.   The homeless man say hello, and they strike up a conversation. Somewhere in the conversation, they have a bet: whoever memorizes all the digits in pi first gets $100 dollars.   The mathematician and the homeless man part ways, and one week later they meet up outside the same bar. The mathematician, hoping to fool the homeless man into trying to memorize pi said, "pi is irrational, and continues on forever. No one wins the bet."   However, the homeless man is shaking his head. He says, "I memorized every digit in pi."  The mathematician says, "you can't have, it's impossible. Tell me all the digits then."  The homeless man says, "0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. I just don't have the right order."
Elvis's Dinner Fiasco [Long] Way back in the good ol' days when Elvis was still alive and kicking, he ate just like the rest of us. Most of the time, at least. There was one time that he was eating at Gus's World Famous Fried Chicken that ended up being quite extraordinary. Elvis had ordered the chicken tenders, and the meal had been provided posthaste, as he was Elvis. After inhaling the majority of the tenders with alarming speed, Elvis paused to look at the remaining piece of meat. In that very instant he fell madly in love with it. He attempted to speak to the food, but it could not respond. This, however, would not deter Elvis. He went on for hours pleading with the chicken to love him back, just to give him a chance. He would never let it go. It made his life complete. It fulfilled all his dreams. Of course, the deceased poultry couldn't ever say yes or no, even if it wanted to. As he became more desperate, Elvis made more outlandish promises. He'd be with the the tender 'till the end of time. They would never part. Happiness would follow it wherever it goes, so long as it, at last, made his dreams come true. Faced once more with silence, Elvis's mounting frustration began to manifest. Veins popped out on his forehead. He began to tremble with rage. His hand closed like a vise around the chicken. Finally, he let out a tremendous roar, forming a single phrase with a voice as loud as a jet engine. His words? "Love me tender".
The future of technology (long) Bill Gates, Andy Grove, and Jerry Sanders (Heads of Microsoft, Intel, and Advanced Micro Devices) were in a high-powered business meeting. During the serious, tense discussion, a beeping noise suddenly is emitted from where Jerry is sitting. Jerry says, "Oh, that's my beeper. Gentlemen, excuse me, I need to take this call." Jerry lifts his wristwatch to his ear and begins talking into the end of his tie. After completing this call, he notices the others are staring at him. Jerry explains, "Oh, this is my new personal communication system. I have an earpiece built into my watch and a microphone sewn into the end of my tie. That way I can take a call anywhere."  The others nod, and the meeting continues.  Five minutes later, the discussion is again interrupted when Andy starts beeping. He states, "Excuse me gentlemen, this must be an important call." Andy taps his earlobe and begins talking into thin air. When he completes his call, he notices the others staring at him and explains, "I also have a personal communication system. My earpiece is actually implanted in my earlobe, and the microphone is actually embedded in this fake tooth."  The others nod, and the meeting continues.  Five minutes later, the discussion is again interrupted when Bill emits a thunderous fart. He looks up at the others staring at him and says, "Somebody quickly get me a piece of paper... I'm receiving a fax!"
A man who had suspicion that his wife was deaf.... ... so he decided to test his wife. He told his wife to water the plants on the opposite side of the farm and then he yelled loudly. No response whatsoever. He decided to move closer and yelled again, and still total silence. With determination that his wife was totally deaf, he slowly walked to his wife's side and yelled:   - Are you deaf? Can you hear me? You need to go to the doctor.   The wife responded:   - What are you trying to pull you senile old man? This is the fucking 3rd time I've responded.
A man goes to the dentist... A man went to the dentist to have a tooth extracted.   The dentist gets him seated and says " Ok, just a little novocaine and we can get started.   The man says " Oh doc, I'm not so great with needles, I can't do that..."   "Ok, how about a mask? Can I use that to put you under?"   "No Doc, can't do masks either..."   "Hmm, well how about a pill? Can you take pills?"   "Sure I can handle a pill!"   So the dentist goes to get the medicine and comes back with a little blue pill.   "Wow Doc I didn't know Viagra had pain numbing effects!"   "Well they don't but you're gonna need something to hang onto while I'm pulling that tooth!"
So this panda is driving down a road, And he sees a prostitute standing on the corner, he thinks ' cor im gonna have some of that' and he stops to pick her up. 'Fancy a good time hun?' 'well i would, but im a panda and i dont have a house' 'i know a place' so he lets her in and they drive off. They get back to hers and make their way upstairs. The panda takes off her clothes and she nibbles his ear, leading to a few hours of furious sex. As they are both cooling down the prostitute says 'well that was interesting, but if you could pay now then i would like that' 'Pay?' says the panda startled 'yeah, you do know what a prostitute is? Look it up in this dictionary' so the panda looks down and reads the definition. -prostitute-a person, in particular a woman, who engages in sexual activity for payment. The panda looks at her and says 'Well im a Panda' 'So?!?' 'Look it up in the dictionary' She looks down and reads.. -Panda- Eats shoots and leaves.
A man walks up to a teller in a bank... "Can I help you, sir?"  "Yeah, I want to open a fucking checking account."  "Sir, you don’t need to use that kind of language."  "I just wanna open a fucking checking account!"  "Sir, please stop that, or I will get my manager."  "Why don't you just help me open a fucking checking account?!"  "That’s it, I’m bringing my manager to talk to you."  She walks into her manager's office and comes back out a minute later with the manager. The manager walks up to the man at the counter.  "Now what’s the problem here?"  "Look, I just won 10 million dollars in the lottery, and I want to open a fucking checking account."  "I see, and this bitch is giving you trouble?"
The Devil burst through the floor of a church in Brooklyn He starts roaring and shouting in everyone's face saying, "DOOMS DAY HAS COME AND ALL YOUR SOULS ARE NOW MINE!" And he begins to laugh maniacally. Everybody runs out screaming in terror except for one old dude who is giving him the evil eye. So The Devils gets right in face and roars his loudest roar and screams at him, "WHY AREN'T YOU RUNNING!!! ARE YOU NOT AFRAID?" The guy says, "Look buddy I've been married to your sister for 30 damn years, what makes you think I'd be afraid of you?"  Edited for grammatical clarity.
A Penguin goes on vacation to California A Penguin is vacationing in California. While driving on the 101, his rental car starts sputtering and smoking. He pulls off and peels into a mechanic.   The mechanic says it'll take about an hour as he starts working on the car. Perusing Reddit in the waiting room, the Penguin starts sweating. It's California and he's a Penguin after all. This is way too hot for him.   He walks down the block looking for something to cool off, and stumbles upon an ice cream shop. After a couple tasters, he settles on a waffle cone of vanilla, two heaping, white scoops.   Walking back to the mechanic the ice cream starts melting, so the Penguin dives in. But he's a Penguin, so he's messy. By the time he is back to the mechanic, he is sticky and totally covered in vanilla.   Lucky for him, the mechanic is just wrapping up his car. The mechanic approaches the Penguin and tells him "looks like you blew a seal."  "Oh no," says the Penguin, "this is just ice cream."
A husband comes home late at night.... and he's piss drunk. His wife had been telling him to come home early, so to avoid her wrath, he passes out on the living room couch.  The next morning, he wakes up to the smell of bacon cooking. As he groggily makes his way toward the kitchen, he's greeted by his wife's smile.  "Good morning honey, would you like some coffee?"  He sits down in amazement as a full breakfast is awaiting him.   He looks up at his wife in puzzlement, and asks her why she isn't angry.  "Well," she explains, "I saw you sprawled on the sofa and I took off your shoes. When I tried to take off your pants, you yelled 'Stop! I have a wife!' "
[NSFW] Lube. A guy broke out of prison during his life sentence and broke into a house where a couple was getting ready for sex.The prisoner ties up the shocked couple onto chairs and whispers something to the wife. She mutters,"Th...the..lube's in the kitchen" When the guy leaves for the kitchen the husband starts calming down his beloved. "Emily,relax,the guy seems dangerous,so its better to sleep with him without any struggle.I will always love you no matter what.' She looks perplexed before replying,"Bu...but..he said YOU looked cute.'
Redditors kept posting the same old jokes to r/Jokes all the time.... So, instead of reposting them, they basically started numbering the 150 old jokes that keep appearing here, and just reposting the number.... "Joke #12",   "Joke #68", and so on.  New reposts then just would repost the joke number, and received upvotes and comments.  A new redditor then happen to come to this subreddit, and didn't understand the jokes. So, somebody explained the system to him.  So, his move was to repost to /r/jokes... "joke #78"  But nobody upvoted him, even he started receiving downvotes.  So - he asks in his joke: "wtf jokes? why you are downvoting my joke?"  And somebody replies to him: "you didn't tell the joke correctly".
Three Blondes Walk in a Bar The bartender, noticing their hair color, decides to have some fun. "What'll it be ladies?" He asks.  The first blonde says "vodka on the rocks"  The bartender walks around the bar and promptly pours vodka all over a nearby decorative boulder on the floor. The first blonde leaves a tip and walks away smiling satisfied.  The second blonde likes what she sees and says "I'll take a tequila straight up"  Without missing a beat, the bartender pours a glass of tequila and promptly throws it straight up in the air. Satisfied, the second blonde smiles and leaves a bigger tip.  By now the third blonde is brimming with excitement and blurts out "I want some Sex on a Beach!" 
A redneck decides he wants a sex change A redneck decides he wants a sex change, but he's not sure he can afford it. He asks the local doctor about his options.   "So you don't have insurance?" asks the doctor.   "Nope."  "And no funds for an operation like this?"  "Just 10 bucks I got for scooping them dead raccoons off the highway this weekend." replies the bumpkin.   "Well, I'll tell you what. Go buy a half-stick of dynamite from Old Maurice, go out into your field, light the dynamite, and count to 10." says the doctor.   "How's that supposed to make me into a woman?" asks the redneck.   "Trust me. I've known you for years. It'll do the trick."  So the man heads straight to Old Maurice's shack, gives him $10 for a half-stick of dynamite, and heads home. He walks straight to the middle of his field, lights the dynamite, holds it in his left hand, and as the fuse burns he starts counting off on his fingers:  "One, two, three, four, five... "  *sticks the dynamite between his legs to free his other hand*  "... six, seven..." 
A US Border Patrol Agent catches an illegal alien "Sorry, you know the law, you've got to go back across the border right now." He tells him.  &amp;nbsp;  The mexican man pleads with the officer, "No, nooo, pleeze Senior, I must stay in te USA! Pleeeze!"   &amp;nbsp;  The Border Patrol Agent thinks to himself, I'm going to make it hard for him, and says "Ok, I willl let you stay only if you can use 3 english words in a sentence".   &amp;nbsp;  The Mexican man of course agrees.   &amp;nbsp;  The Border Patrol Agent tells him "The 3 words are: Pink, Green and Yellow. Now use them in one sentence."   &amp;nbsp;  The Mexican man thinks really hard for a couple minutes, then says, "Hmmm, Ok. Te phone goes Green, Green, I Pink it up and sez Yellow?" 
In the 1700's it was common to ring a bell to gather trooos for battle. Bell maker John Pass was once commissioned to cast a new "clapper" (the swinging part inside the bell) for the town bell.  John had heard through the grapevine that the men of his town would soon be called upon to fight a battle in a neighboring state.  As a retired military strategist, he couldn't help but feel that they didn't have the numbers to stand a chance against their adversary. He told the general of his feelings, who laughed and refused to acknowledge John's military expertise. So John refused to cast a new clapper for the bell.   As a result, the soldiers couldn't be alerted quickly enough. They had to be rounded up by word of mouth which caused massive delays.  By the time they arrived their foe had moved on, but judging by size of the camp they left behind, they were clearly outnumbered by at least 10 to 1.   It would have been a complete massacre if they had arrived on time. John's actions saved the lives of humdreds of men, and although it was an act of insubordination, his efforts were eventually recognized.  He was awarded the no bell piece prize.  
Game Warden goes fishing [long] This fellow got hired by the Conservation Department as a game warden.  He just loved all things hunting and fishing, and being new in town, started asking around where the good fishing holes were.  Finally he came to this little country bar, and asked the bartender.  "Charlie catches more fish than anybody around here."  The other patrons nodded in agreement.  They said show up just before dawn right here, and they'd let Charlie know you wanted to go fishing with him.    So the Game Warden showed up the next morning with all his fishing gear.  He was ready for anything - bass lures, catfish bait, three different fishing rods, electronic fish finder, the works.  There's an old fellow standing on the porch of the bar, with just a tackle box and a net.  "You Charlie?" the warden asked.  Charlie just nodded and pointed to an old beat-up truck.    They loaded their stuff in the back, and Charlie drove.  All the way to the fishing hole, the Game Warden was really excited, and kept talking about different rods and reels, techniques for casting, what the best kinds of fish were in different seasons, what the best bass boats were.  Charlie didn't say anything.    They got to the end of a little gravel road, and Charlie stopped the truck.  He retrieved his tacklebox and his net from the back.  "Is this the place?" asked the Game Warden.  Charlie just nodded and didn't say anything.  He started walking down a well-worn path through the woods.  The Game Warden started asking him about the fishing hole.  "Is it a natural pond or manmade?  Spring fed?  What's the best kind of lure to use here?  Do you like to fly fish here, or is it better to use live bait?"  Charlie didn't say anything.     Finally they came to a rather dinky little pond, and Charlie motioned toward a boat tied up there.  They stepped in, and Charlie rowed out to the middle of the lake.  All the while the Game Warden talked excitedly about fishing.    Finally they reached the middle of the lake.  Charlie lit up a cee-gar, opened up his tacklebox, and pulled out a big red stick of dynamite.  He lit the fuse off the stogie, and nonchalantly tossed it into the lake.  There was a huge explosion that soaked both of them, and fish started floating up.  Charlie pulled out his net and started shoveling the stunned fish into the boat.  Bluegill, crappie, bass, catfish, minnows, grass carp, turtles, snakes, crawdads, just about anything that might live underwater was floating up.     The Game Warden was shocked.  Finally he blurted out "Charlie!  You know dynamite fishing is totally illegal! and you know I'm a Game Warden.  I can't believe you're doing this!  Do you know I could arrest you right now?  Dynamite fishing breaks every law in the books!"   Charlie stopped scooping fish, and picked up another stick of dynamite, lit it from his cheroot and tossed it in the water.  Another explosion rocked the boat and splashed them both.  He started shoveling fish into the boat again by the dozens.   "Charlie!  I can't believe you are doing this!  I ought to bust you right now!  Do you have any idea what the fine for this is gonna be?  Thousands!"    Charlie stopped shoveling fish into the boat, and lit another stick of dynamite on his cigar.  This time he tossed it into the Game Warden's lap.    He said, to the stunned Warden "Are you gonna talk, or fish?"  
A man and his wife are awakened at 3 o'clock in the morning by a loud pounding on the door... The man gets up and goes to the door, where a drunken stranger, standing in the pouring rain, is asking for a push.  "Not a chance!" says the husband. "It's three o'clock in the morning!"   He slams the door and returns to bed.  "Who was that?" asked his wife.  "Just some drunk guy asking for a push." he answers.   "Did you help him?" she asks.   "No, I did not! It's three in the morning and it's pouring out!"  "Well, you have a short memory." says his wife. "Can't you remember about three months ago when we broke down and those two guys helped us? I think you should help him and you should be ashamed of yourself!"  The man does as he is told, gets dressed, and goes out into the pounding rain.   He calls out into the dark, "Hello, are you still there?"  "Yes." comes back the answer.  "Do you still need a push?" calls out the husband.   "Yes, please!" comes the reply from the dark.   "Where are you?" asks the husband.  "Over here, on the swing."
There was once a woman who had 100 children... She named each of them after numbers in the order they were born. There was a fire and all of them died except Ninety. Ninety went off to have kids of her own. They were very kind and loving. One day they found an injured dog. They took it home and nursed it back to health. They hid the dog and never told her mother afraid she would kick the dog out. In fact they never told anyone. To keep it from arousing any suspicions they named the dog "This" so the name can be used in conversation. One day This ran away. They never saw This again. No one else knew about This. No one even knew a dog named This existed.                                                                            Only Ninety's kids will remember This.  
A preacher recently died... His name was Mike Thompson. He left behind his wife of 40 years Alice.   Meanwhile, another Mike Thompson from Seattle was away on business. His wife Allison was awaiting an email from him regarding when he was coming home because they had a wedding to go to that Friday and it was going to be close. Mike sent the email to her gmail account but mistyped the email address. Instead, it went to ALICE Thompson.  ALICE was going through her email and let out a scream. Staff in the rectory came running.... "What is it Alice?"  She pointed to the screen... on it there was an open email that read:  "Hey sweetie,  I arrived safely and everything is wonderful. I will be coming for you on Friday at 4.  See you then!  Love, Mike Thompson"
The Melancholic Tailor So a man brings some very fine material to a tailor and asks him to make a really fancy suit out of it.   When he comes back a week later, the suit isn't ready yet. Two weeks later, it's still not ready. Three weeks, four weeks, five - not ready! Finally, after six long weeks of waiting, the suit is indeed finished! The man tries it on, and it fits perfectly! A wonderful suit. The rather small and chubby guy almost looks like a movie star now!   Nonetheless, when it comes time to pay, he can’t resist a jibe at the tailor. "You know," he says, "it took God six days to make the world. And it took you six *weeks* to make just a single suit!?"  "Ah," the tailor replies. "It's true, it's true. But now look at *this* suit," he smiles gently, "and then look at **that** world!”, and shakes his head... 
An Englishman, a Scotsman, and an Irishman... ...walk into a pub. They all sit next to each other at the bar, and all three order a pint of Guinness. Right as they get their pints, a fly lands in each one's drink. The Englishman turns up his nose disgustedly, and pushes the glass away. The Scotsman picks the fly out of his stout, throws it over his shoulder, and begins drinking. Then the Irishman picks the fly out of his drink, holds it by its soaked little wings over his glass, and yells, "SPIT IT OUT! SPIT IT OUT YOU LITTLE BASTARD!"
A minister told his congregation... "Next week I plan to preach about the sin of lying.To help you understand my sermon, I want you all to read Mark 17". The following Sunday as he prepared to deliver his sermon the minister asked for a show of hands. He wanted to know how many have read Mark 17. Every hand went up. The minister smiled and said, "Mark only has 16 chapters. I will now proceed with my sermon on the sin of lying". (Not sure if this has been posted before because my dad just told it to me today and it cracked me up)
How many feminist does it take to screw in a light bulb? The first feminist asks a man to do it for her. The man agrees, he gets his ladder and a new light bulb. The second feminist starts yelling "YOU'RE A SEXIST PIG IF YOU THINK WOMEN NEED YOUR HELP." The man ignores her and starts to unscrew the light bulb when a third feminist comes storming into the room, rips off her shirt and starts jumping around causing the man to lose his footing. The man falls hard on his back and he can feel blood leaking from his skull. As he slips in and out of consciousness all he can see is the other two women taking their shirts off too and now all three are jumping around. Then he hears a fourth feminist enter the room "OH MY GOD" she screams as she pulls out her phone and dials 911 "Hello, police I have an emergency, yes, I'd like to report a rape. There's this creepy man objectifying my friends and I right now and I think he's dangerous. I have my keys in my hand and I'm ready to defend myself if I have to, please hurry." A fifth feminist comes in and hits the light switch and asks "why were the lights off?" A sixth feminist comes in squats over the man squirts a paint egg out of her lady area onto the mans face, takes a picture of it, uploads it to tumblr with the caption #art. The man dies. The first feminist starts crying "the reason more men die at work is because the patriarchy brainwashes them into taking higher risk jobs." The second feminist starts crying "the only reason you feel bad for him is because you have internalized misogyny and you think his chauvinism was romantic because you saw it on t.v. or something." The third feminist crys "it's cold in here, I think the air conditioning is oppressing me again." 
3 men go for an interview 3 men go to an interview for a sales job and the boss calls them all in and says “Whoever goes out and sells the most dictionaries can have the job”.    So the first guy goes out, sells a few dictionaries and comes back.   “How many did you manage to sell?”   With an upbeat look on his face the first guy says “I managed to sell 7, boss.”    “Ok, good. Now it’s your turn” the boss points to the second guy.   After a couple of hours the second guy comes back, chuffed with himself telling the boss that not only did he sell double the amount of the first guy he also sold them for double the price.   The boss was thrilled with the results and already knew who was going to get the job. So he sends the third guy out.   After about 5 hours the third guy comes in and the boss unenthusiastically asks how many dictionaries he’s managed to sell.   “I I I I I m m m mman manged to to to se se se sell one one one one one hun hun hund hundred a a and seven seventy dic diction dictionaries.”   “170 DICTIONARIES!!!” the boss jumps out of his seat “How on earth did you manage that?”   “Wel wel well I I I war wwalk walked up t t t to the hou hou hous house a and kn kn knocked on the d d door a a a and s said wo wo wo would would you y y you like t t t to b buy a a a dic di diction dictionary o o or wo woou would you like me to read it to you? 
A man bought the same thing from the same bar every day for months Everyday, this man would buy two beers, around the same time. He would drink them both and then leave.  After this went on for a little while, the bartender finally asked the man "Why do you always buy two beers everyday and then just leave?"   "My good friend is away at war and isn't allowed to drink. So, I promised him that every day, I would drink one beer for him, and one beer for myself."  The bartender was touched.  For months, the man would come in every day and share his friend's war stories with the bartender, while enjoying a cold beer for himself and one for his friend.  One day, the man came in, sat down, and was brought the regular: two beers.  "Oh no," he said. "I only need one from now on."  Shocked, the bartender gave his condolences. "How'd it happen?" He asked.  "It all started a few weeks when I found two well dressed young men on my porch. I opened my door and was asked 'Would you mind if we share a message about our lord and savior Jesus Christ?' 'Sure,' I said, letting them in. Then this morning, I got baptized."  Confused, the bartender asked "What does this have to do with how your friend died?"  "Oh, my friend is fine," the man said.  "Then why only one beer?" Asked the bartender.  "Because I can't have one for myself anymore, I'm Mormon now!"
A Man Takes His Wife To A Stock Show.  They Start Headingdown The Alley That Houses All The Bulls. The Sign On The First Bull’S Stall States: “This Bull Mated 50 Times Last Year.” The Wife Turns To Her Husband And Says, “He Mated 50 Times In A Year, Isn’T That Nice.” They Proceed To The Next Bull And His Sign Stated: “This Bull Mated 65 Times Last Year.” The Wife Turns To Her Husband And Says, “This One Mated 65 Times Last Year. That Is Over 5 Times A Month. You Could Learn From This One!” They Proceeded To The Last Bull And His Sign Said: “This Bull Mated 365 Times Last Year.” The Wife’S Mouth Drops Open And Says, “Wow! He Mated 365 Times Last Year. That Is Once A Day! You Could Really Learn From This One!” The Fed Up Man Turns To His Wife And Says, “Go And Ask The Bull If He Had The Same Cow Every Day.”
Scientists removed the right half brain of a man... ...and then, they asked him to count to ten. The man counted, "two, four, six, eight, ten." Then they put the right-half back and removed the left-half, and again asked the man to count to ten. The man counted, "one, three, five, seven, nine." The scientists then removed both halves of the man's brain, and asked him again to count to ten. The man said, "look, we're gonna count to ten. We're gonna count. Because I know numbers, I have the best numbers. All the politicians in Washington can't count to one-believe me, I've counted to one many, many times. They said we couldn't count to ten. Well, I'm beating all of those people in the polls. We're gonna count to ten. Everybody, count to ten. Okay? And let me tell you - let me tell you something. I will be the best counting President God has ever created. We are gonna count to so many tens, I tell you. Look at that!" 
A family is at the dinner table. The son asks the father, "Dad, how many kinds of ... ... boobs are there? "The father, surprised, answers,  "Well, son, a woman goes through three phases.  In her 20s, her breasts are like melons, round and firm.  In her 30s and 40s, they are like pears, still nice, hanging a bit.  After 50, they are like onions."  "Onions?" the son asks.  "Yes. You see them and they make you cry."    This infuriates his wife and daughter.  The daughter asks,  "Mom, how many different kinds of penises are there?"  The mother smiles and says,  "Well, dear, a man also goes through three phases.  In his 20s, his penis is like an oak tree, mighty and hard.  In his 30s and 40s, it's like a birch, flexible but reliable.  After his 50s, it's like a Christmas tree."  "A Christmas tree?" the daughter asks. "Yes: Dead from the root up, and the balls are just for decoration.
Two men were out fishing  when one decides to have a smoke  He asks the other guy if he has a lighter  He replies “Yes I do!” and hands the other a 10 inch long BIC lighter  Surprised the guy asks “Where did you get this?”  The guy replies “Oh I have a personal genie.”  The first man asks “Can I make a wish? ”  Sure says the other man “Just make sure that you speak clearly cause he is a little hard at hearing”  “Ok I will” says the other  as he rubs the lamp a genie appears and asks the man  what he wants  The man says ” I want a Million Bucks ”  The genie says OK and goes back to his bottle  and 10 seconds later a million ducks fly over head And the guy says to the other  ” Your genie realy sucks at hearing doesnt he? ” The other man replies “I know, do you really think I asked for a 10 inch BIC”
A divorced man A divorce man was walking on the street suddenly he saw a lamp in the middle of the road.  He picked it up and suddenly a genie poped out and said to man " you have three wishes and be careful what you will wish you ex will get double of that."  Man scratched his head and said "okay give me a $1 billion mansion."  Genie: wish fulfilled and your ex got $2 billion mansion. Now you have 2 wishes left.  Man again scratched his head and said "give $1 billion cash for my bills and other stuffs."  Genie : wish fulfilled here is the bank statement and your ex got $2billion. So what's you last wish.  Man : now I want a 8 inch d**k  LOL
Three guy and an Angel Three guys were fishing in a lake one day, when an angel appeared in the boat. When the three astonished men had settled down enough to speak, the first guy asked the angel humbly, "I've suffered from back pain ever since I took shrapnel in the Vietnam War ... Could you help me?" "Of course," the angel said, and when he touched the man's back, the man felt relief for the first time in years. The second guy who wore very thick glasses and had a hard time reading and driving. He asked if the angel could do anything about his poor eyesight. The angel smiled, removed the man's glasses and tossed them into the lake. When they hit the water, the man's eyes cleared and he could see everything distinctly. When the angel turned to the third guy, the guy put his hands out defensively -- "Don't touch me!" he cried, "I'm on a disability pension."
One day a florist went to a barber for a haircut.   One day a florist went to a barber for a haircut.  After the cut, he asked about his bill, and the barber replied, 'I cannot accept money from you, I'm doing community service this week.  The florist was pleased and left the shop.   When the barber went to open his shop the next morning, there was a 'Thank You' card and a dozen roses waiting for him at his door.   Later, a grocer comes in for a haircut, and when he tried to pay his bill, the barber again replied, 'I cannot accept money from you , I'm doing community service this week.  The grocer was happy and left the shop.   The next morning when the barber went to open up, there was a 'Thank You' card and a bag of fresh vegetables waiting for him at his door.  Then a politician came in for a haircut, and when he went to pay his bill, the barber again replied, 'I cannot accept money from you. I'm doing community service this week.  The politician was very happy and left the shop.   The next morning, when the barber went to open up,  there were a dozen politicians lined up waiting for a free haircut. 
NSFW A wealthy businessman goes to Vegas and orders a prostitute. Moments later, he hears a knock on his hotel door, he answers, and in walks the most beautiful prostitute he has ever seen.   "Hi Honey, my name is Amber and I am here to service you" she says. "My only stipulation is that I do not do anal. Now, what would you like me to do first?"   "How about a handjob?" He asks.   "Ok, I give the best handjobs in all of Vegas. That'll be $1,000." She replies.   "$1,000!" the man exclaims. "That is far too expensive. How good could it possibly be!?!" Amber walks over to the window and points to a tall business building on the other side of the street.   "You see that building over there? I purchased that business with only the money that I made giving handjobs." Amber stated.   "Wow, that must be an amazing handjob then. Now I'm intrigued. Ok, let's do it." So the man pays the $1,000 and Amber begins to pleasure the man. And Amber was right, it was the best handjob that he had ever gotten. she sped up and slowed down at just the right moments, leaving him just below the point of climax. A few minutes later, the man couldn't last any longer and had the most intense climax of his life. After he cleaned up he said "Wow, that was amazing, I wonder what you're blowjobs are like."   "I give the best blowjobs in all of Vegas," replied Amber. "My price is $5,000."   "What!!!" The man exclaimed! "I have to admit, that was an amazing handjob, but $5,000 for oral is simply too much!" Again, Amber walked over to the window and pointed out.   "You see that block over there? With all those businesses and a casino? I bought that block with only the money that I made from giving blowjobs." Amber stated.   "Oh, wow! That must be an impressive blowjob. Once again, you've intrigued me. Ok, lets do it." So, the man pays the $5,000 and Amber begins to pleasure the man. And once again, Amber was right. It was the best blowjob the man has ever had. A few minutes later, the man couldn't last anymore and had an even more intense climax than before. After the man cleaned up he said "Wow, that was amazing! Now I must know what you're like in bed. The price doesn't matter, I'll pay whatever to have sex with you!" Again, Amber walked over to the window and looked out at the skyline.   A few moments later Amber said, "Honey, if I had a vagina I'd own this whole city by now." 
The Robins Two robins were sitting in a tree. "I'm really hungry," said the first one.  "Me too," said the second. "Let's fly down and find some lunch."  They flew to the ground and found a nice plot of plowed ground full of worms. They ate and ate and ate until they could eat no more.  "I'm so full I don't think I can fly back up to the tree," said the first one.  "Me neither. Let's just lay here and bask in the warm sun," said the second.  They plopped down, basking in the sun. No sooner than they had fallen asleep, when a big fat tomcat snuck up and gobbled them up.  As the cat sat washing his face after his meal, he thought, "I just love 'baskin' robins.'"
There are three men on a desert island: Genius, Smart, and Idiot. Genius has concluded that at least one man must swim to shore and get help.  Genius volunteered himself, as he is the most likely to get remember to get help. Genius, not being very athletic, swam halfway to safety and then drowned. Days later, Smart finally realized Genius drowned.  Smart then decided it was his turn to swim and get help.  Idiot agreed because he didn't know what was happening.  Smart, not being very athletic, swam three quarte rs of the way to safety and drowned. Days later, Idiot decided it must his turn to swim.  He also did not know what his goal was. Idiot, not having very much intelligence, swam halfway to safety, felt tired, so he swam back to the island he was stranded on.
A child comes home from school and speaks to his mother A child comes home from school and her mother asks him, "Hey honey, how was school?"  "Oh, it was a crazy day!"  "What happened?"  "Well, first, in the bathroom, Joey McDonald wouldn't stop showing everyone his dick."  "Penis, honey, penis."  "Yeah, penis. And then at recess, on the swing, Jennie Fitzgerald didn't wear underwear today so everyone could see her pussy."  "Vagina, honey, vagina."  "Oh, yeah vagina. Then on the bus ride home a man walked out in front of the bus and his ass got ran over."  "Rectum, honey, rectum"  "Wreck 'em hell, it killed him!"
A man goes to a bar in the top floor of a high rise building. When he approches the bar, a man infront of him orders a scotch and proceeds to walk to the window where he jumps out. Shocked and horrified the man runs to the window and sees no sign of the man. He orders his drink and try to process what just happend.    About an hour later the window jumper shows up at the bar without a scratch on him. He orders a scotch, then goes to the window and jumps out.  Utterly confused and horrifed our man screams and runs to the window. Sure enough no sign of him this time either.   Still trying to make sense of the situation the man sees the window jumper walking into the bar again. And again no scratch or sign of injury on him. Our man is shocked, confused and angry.   He ask the man   - "How do you do it. How can you jump out of the window on the 80th floor and come back unharmed!?"   - "Its all in the scotch" The man says.   - "Allright, give me a scotch" Says our man to the bartender.  The bartender gives him a scotch, and our man drinks it, and proceeds to jump out the window.  The bartender and the man looks at eachother and the bartender says:   - "Sometimes you are a real asshole Superman."
The Tale of Two Cheerios One day, a lone cheerio goes to a party and finds a pretty female cheerio. He says to her "Hey there, beautiful. Would you like to go out with me?" The female cheerio says "Sorry, but I only date frosted cheerios." The male cheerio then goes home and looks to see how much money he has to get himself frosted. He only has enough money to get himself halfway frosted, so he goes and does just that. He goes to another party that the female cheerio just so happens to be at. "Hey there, beautiful. Would you like to go on a date with me?" he says to the female cheerio. She replies "Sorry, but I only date fully frosted cheerios." The male cheerio goes home for the night, and the next morning, asks for a raise at work. They give him the raise, and after a week, he has enough money to be fully frosted. He goes to another party that the female cheerio happens to be at. He says "Hey there beautiful, would you like to go out with me?" The female cheerio replies "Wow, you are a very handsome man. Of course I would go out with you. But first, could you get me some water?" The male cheerio then looks for a line for the water jug but can't find one. He returns to the female cheerio and says "There is no water line." She then asks him "could you get me some milk?" The male cheerio then looks for a line for the milk jug but can't find one. He returns to the female cheerio and says "There is no milk line." She then asks him "Could you get me some punch?" The male cheerio then looks for the line for the punch bowl but can't find one. He returns to the female cheerio and says "Sorry, but there is no punch line."
Where does Google Chrome for desktop stand politically? While being PC, I think it's clear that for Chrome **ALT+right** is the way **forward**, while **left** is **backwards**.   But actually, I think they're part of a conspiracy where they **Command+ALT+brackets** to Mac-simize power over how we'll **revisit history**.   I mean, look - they already **Command+D** means to **Control+D** sites **save**d by the government.   Anyway, as for policy issues, they also support **full-screen**s of incoming immigrants; and **if a livin' (F11)** terrorist soul gets through, I bet they'll take **Command + Control F** the screening process with all the data they have.   Chrome doesn't like NASA because they think **space** is going **down**.   On crime, Chrome thinks those in **Command-L** **address bars** **if sex (F6)** is happening illegally in the bars, like child prostitution rings and such.   But what worries me most about Chrome is that they have access to the **source** of everything - and they will take away any **⌘+Option+U** had to be free... They will **Control+U**. 
A mathematician, an accountant and an economist are interviewing for a job. At the end of the mathematician's interview, the interviewer asks "And last, what is 2 + 2?" "4," the mathematician answers.   At the end of the accountant's interview, the interviewer asks "And last, what is 2 + 2?" "4, give or take 5% for error," the accountant replies.   At the end of the economist's interview, the interviewer asks "And last, what is 2 + 2?" The economist peers around the room, goes to the window and shuts the blinds, goes to the door and locks it. He dims the lights, sidles up close to the interviewer and whispers, "What do you need it to equal?"
ROFL Mrs Rosy D'Souza was going to the market in Texas where she happened to meet Father Patrick.  Father: "Hey, you are Rosy that I got you married in NY, when I was posted there".  "Yes Father" Says Rosy.  "How is your husband and the little ones ?"  "Husband is fine but so far, no children".  Father Patrick: "Don't worry, child. I'm going to Rome next week.  I will light a candle for you there."  "Thank you, Father Patrick."  After some years, Father Patrick happens to meet Rosy again.  "So Rosy, how's everything and what about the little ones?"  "Yes Father. I have had three sets of twins and two singles. Total 8 kids".  "Where is your husband ?"  "Oh,  he's gone to Rome to blow off that candle".������
Mr. Bear and Mr. Rabbit live in the same forest, but they don't like each other. Mr. Bear and Mr. Rabbit live in the same forest, but they don't like each other.  One day, they come across a golden frog who offers them three wishes each. Mr. Bear wishes that all the other bears in the forest were female. Mr. Rabbit wishes for a crash helmet. Mr. Bear's second wish is that all the bears in the neighboring forests were female as well. Mr. Rabbit wishes for a motorcycle. Mr. Bear's final wish is that all the other bears in the world were female, leaving him the only male bear in the world. Mr. Rabbit revs the engine of his motorcycle and says, "I wish that Mr. Bear was gay!" and rides off.
There was this ancient story teller...   One of his stories was about a Kingdom that was having a lot of crime so the King said, "Whoever comes up with a solution that works will be greatly rewarded."   Many tried but their solutions did not work until this Old Man said he had the solution.   He asked to tear down all the jails and prisons. Then he had one jail for one person built.   Right away they had someone who committed a crime.   The Old Man said, "Put him in jail."   Very soon another committed a crime and the officers came to ask the Old Man what to do with him to which the Old Man answered, Kill the first one and put this one in jail!"   That ended the crime in the Kingdom.  
A physician, an engineer, and a politician were discussing who among them belonged to the oldest of the three professions.  The physician said, "Remember, on the sixth day God took a rib from Adam and fashioned Eve, making him the first surgeon. Therefore, medicine is the oldest profession."  The engineer replied, "But, before that, God created the heavens and earth from chaos and confusion, and thus he was the first engineer. Therefore, engineering is an older profession than medicine."  Then, the politician spoke up. "Yes," he said,  "But who do you think created all of the chaos and confusion?"
Hitler was bored One day hitler was visiting one of his prisonercamps and he got a bit bored. He ordered a sergeant to bring in 3 prisoners and let them into his office one by one .  The first one arrived and he spoke to him . Hitler: I'm going to ask you 3 questions , get them all right and you're free to go . First one is , what animal is on my cap?  Prisoner 1: A bird!  Hitler: Question 2 , What kind of bird?  Prisoner 1 : A hawk?  Hitler : Wrong ! to the gaschambers with you!  And so the second prisoners enters his office and he asks the same question.  Hitler : I'm going to ask you 3 questions , get them all right and you're free to go . First one is , what animal is on my cap?  Prisoner 2 : A bird!  Hitler : Question 2 , what kind of bird?  Prisoner 2 : An eagle!  Hitler : Good good , final question . Is it male or female?  Prisoner 2 : uhm... Female?  Hitler : Wrong ! to the gaschambers with you!  And so the final prisoner enters the office and Hitler asks his questions again .  Hitler : I'm going to ask you 3 questions , get them all right and you're free to go . First one is , what animal is on my cap?  Prisoner 3 : A bird!  Hitler : Question 2 , what kind of bird?  Prisoner 3 : An eagle!  Hitler : Good good , final question . Is it male or female?  Prisoner 3 without any doubt at all : Male!  Hitler : That's amazing, but how did you know?  Prisoner 3 : I could see the dick beneath it .
A man dies and goes to heaven A man dies and goes to heaven. He is waiting in line at the Pearly Gates. As he approaches Saint Peter asks him to spell the word. "What word?" He asks. "It doesn't matter what word as long as you can spell something you can get into heaven." The man spells "Cat" very carefully. With a satisfied smile St. Peter welcomes him to heaven. Then pauses and asks him for a favor. St. Peter says "Look I've got a meeting with God I'll be back in a bit. Can you just make sure everyone spells a word before they get into heaven?" The man says yes and proceeds to make everyone spell a word.  A short bit of time later he notices his mother-in-law waiting in line to get into heaven. He certainly does not want to spend eternity with his mother-in-law. As she approaches the front of the line he comes up with an idea. "Spell word before you can get into heaven." "What word?" "Czechoslovakia" 
On a golf tour in Ireland, Tiger Woods drives his BMW into a petrol station in a remote part of the Irish countryside. The villagers stare at the BMW as they have never seen one before ! The pump attendant who obviously knows nothing about golf, greets him in a typical Irish manner completely unaware of who the golf pro is.  "Good morning.  Beauty of an automobile you have there” says the attendant. Tiger nods a quick ‘hello’ and bends forward to pick up the nozzle. As he does so, two tees fall out of his shirt pocket onto the ground.  “What are those”, asks the attendant.  “They’re called tees” replies Tiger.  “Well, what on God’s earth are dey for.” inquires the Irishman.  “They’re for resting my balls on when I’m driving”, says Tiger.  “Fookin Jaysus”, says the Irishman, “BMW thinks of everything.”
A happy little bird A little bird were flying to the South to scape the winter, however, he was too slow and cold wind reached him and froze his wings.   He tried to keep flying but his wings got so heavy with the ice that he fell on the grass.   A cow was on the field having her lunch when she saw the frozen bird lying on the ground.  She approached him sniffed his little body and then pooped on him.   The little bird felt his body getting warmer, the ice melted due to the hot poop and he recovered his strength, he was still stuck on the poop tho, but it didn't hold him to fill his little lungs and start singing a joyful sing.   A cat was sleeping under a tree nearby and he was awaken by the bird singing.  He stood up, went to the pile of shit, dug on it until he finds the little bird.  Then, the cat cleaned all the shit from the bird and ate him.   Moral of the story:  Not everyone who poops on you wants to jeopardize you, and not everyone who takes you out of the shit wants your well being.  Yet: when you are too happy, remind to keep your mouth shut. Not everybody likes to hear about your happiness. 
It was George the Mailman’s last day on the job... after 35 years of carrying the mail through all kinds of weather to the same neighborhood it was time to retire.   When he arrived at the first house on his route he was greeted by the whole family there, who roundly and soundly congratulated him and sent him on his way with a tidy gift envelope.  At the second house they presented him with a box of fine cigars. The folks at the third house handed him a selection of terrific fishing lures. = At the fourth house he was met at the door by a strikingly beautiful woman in a revealing negligee. She took him by the hand, gently led him through the door (which she closed behind him), and led him up the stairs to the bedroom where she blew his mind with the most passionate love he had ever experienced.  When he had had enough they went downstairs, where she fixed him a giant breakfast: eggs, potatoes, ham, sausage, blueberry waffles, and fresh-squeezed orange juice. When he was truly satisfied she poured him a cup of steaming coffee. As she was pouring, he noticed a dollar bill sticking out from under the cup’s bottom edge. "All this was just too wonderful for words, " he said, "but what’s the dollar for?"  "Well," she said, "last night, I told my husband that today would be your last day, and that we should do something special for you. I asked him what to give you.  He said, "Fuck him. Give him a dollar." The breakfast ... that was my idea."  
Hell explained The following is an actual question given on a University of Arizona chemistry mid-term, and an actual answer turned in by a student.   The answer by this student was so 'profound' that the professor shared it with colleagues, via the Internet, which is, of course, why we now have the pleasure of enjoying it as well :     Bonus Question:  Is Hell exothermic (gives off heat) or endothermic (absorbs heat)?    Most of the students wrote proofs of their beliefs using Boyle's Law (gas cools when it expands and heats when it is compressed) or some variant.     One student, however, wrote the following:     First, we need to know how the mass of Hell is changing in time. So we need to know the rate at which souls are moving into Hell and the rate at which they are leaving, which is unlikely. I think that we can safely assume that once a soul gets to Hell, it will not leave. Therefore, no souls are leaving. As for how many souls are entering Hell, let's look at the different religions that exist in the world today.  Most of these religions state that if you are not a member of their religion, you will go to Hell. Since there is more than one of these religions and since people do not belong to more than one religion, we can project that all souls go to Hell. With birth and death rates as they are, we can expect the number of souls in Hell to increase exponentially. Now, we look at the rate of change of the volume in Hell because Boyle's Law states that in order for the temperature and pressure in Hell to stay the same, the volume of Hell has to expand proportionately as souls are added.    This gives two possibilities:   1. If Hell is expanding at a slower rate than the rate at which souls enter Hell, then the temperature and pressure in Hell will increase until all Hell breaks loose.    2. If Hell is expanding at a rate faster than the increase of souls in Hell, then the temperature and pressure will drop until Hell freezes over.   So which is it?     If we accept the postulate given to me by Teresa during my Freshman year that, 'It will be a cold day in Hell before I sleep with you,' and take into account the fact that I slept with her last night, then number two must be true, and thus I am sure that Hell is exothermic and has already frozen over. The corollary of this theory is that since Hell has frozen over, it follows that it is not accepting any more souls and is therefore, extinct..... ...leaving only Heaven, thereby proving the existence of a divine being which explains why, last night, Teresa repeatedly kept shouting 'Oh my God, I’m coming!'       THIS STUDENT RECEIVED AN A+.
Pilot was welcoming the passengers on the plane shortly after take off........ "Thank you for flying with us this morning. The weather is....." Then suddenly he starts screaming while he is still on the loud speakers: "Oh my God. OMG! OMG! OMG...... Its burning" A ghostly Silence reigned !  He gets back on the microphone talking to the passengers: "I sincerely apologise for the incident but I just dropped a very hot cup of coffee on my lap...you should see my pants."  One passenger replies: "Idiot! Why don't you come here and see Our PANTS"!
There once was a choir which entirely consisted of people named Dan Every year on Christmas Eve the choir goes to church where they have the tradition to go outside when it's dark to sing songs under the night sky.  It is such a big event that many people who are also named Dan come to town just to join the choir and they would also bring their families to watch and listen.  It's Christmas Eve and the sky is very clear. The stars shine bright and the full moon illuminates the nearby park where all the Dans are now gathered to sing for their families.  Everybody's feeling warm and right, it's such a fine and natural sight.     Everybody's Dans sing in the moonlight.
A teenage boy is preparing for the prom. He's a procrastinator which irritates his mother to no end. After pestering him for days she eventually convinces him to go get a tux. To his dismay, the tux shop is packed with like-minded procrastinators so there's a huge line and it takes forever. Finally arriving home he proudly proclaims to his mother that he's ready for the prom, to which she replies, "You got flowers too?" He gives his mom an exasperated look and heads back out to get flowers. Again, the florist is packed with procrastinators, so there's a huge line and it takes forever. He makes it home again and walks in without saying a word. Afraid that her son will make a bad impression with his lack of interest, she proclaims, "We're going to get you a limo too! The boy drops his jaw, dreading to spend one more second in a line, he begs his mother to leave him alone. Nevertheless, she drags him out to go reserve a limo. His worst fears are realized as he notices a line out the door at the rental office as they drive up. They stand in line for what seemed like an eternity. Finally content, the mother drives home with a big smile, proud of the young man sitting next to her. "So, who's the lucky girl?" She asks. The boy gives her a puzzled look, "What girl?"
One day, a violist finds a genie's lamp [long] The violist was walking to his car after the Little Rock Orchestra rehearsal, where he sat last chair, and found a little genie lamp on the ground. Upon arriving home, he rubbed the lamp and the genie busted out from the lamp. He told the violist, "I shall give you 3 wishes!" After some consideration, the violist wasn't happy with his position in the orchestra, so he wished to be 100% better than he was now. With a wave of his hands, the genie made it so.  The next day, he goes in to orchestra and finds he is principal chair. Excited, his fingers moved more effortlessly and he was astounded at his progress. When he got home, he wished from the genie again to be better 100% than he was now. With a wave of his hands, the genie made it so.  That morning, he got a call from the Boston Philharmonic saying that they wanted him for the principal viola spot. Ecstatic, he got his plane ticket and went out to Boston to play. That night in his hotel, he was wondering where else he could go. "Genie. For my final wish, I again wish to be 100% better than I am now!" With a wave of his hands, the genie made it so, and disappeared.  The next morning, he gets a call. He had been promoted to last chair violinist of the Little Rock Orchestra...
No sex tonight! I've never quite figured out why the sexual urges of men and women differ so much.  And I never have figured out the whole Venus and Mars thing or why men think with their head and women with their heart. For example… One evening last week, my wife and I were getting into bed.  Well, the passion started to heat up, but then she said "I don't feel like it, I just want you to hold me."  I said "WHAT??!! What was that?!"  So she said the words that every husband on the planet dreads to hear..."You're just not in touch with my emotional needs as a woman enough for me to satisfy your physical needs as a man."  She responded to my puzzled look by saying, "Can't you just love me for who I am and not what I do for you in the bedroom?"  Realizing that nothing was going to happen that night, I went to sleep.  The very next day, I opted to take the day off of work to spend time with her. We went out to a nice lunch and then went shopping at a big, high-end department store. I walked around with her while she tried on several very expensive outfits. She couldn't decide which one to take so I told her we'd just buy them all. She wanted new shoes to compliment her new clothes, so I said lets get a pair for each outfit. We went on to the jewellery department where she picked out a pair of diamond earrings.  Let me tell you...she was so excited. She must have thought I was one wave short of a tsunami. I started to think she was testing me because she asked for a tennis bracelet when she doesn't even know how to play tennis. But, I think I threw her for a loop when I said, "That's fine, honey."  She appeared to be almost nearing sexual satisfaction from all of the excitement. Smiling with excited anticipation she finally said, "I think this is all dear; let's go to the cashier."  I could hardly contain myself when I blurted out, "No honey, I don't feel like it."  Her face just went completely blank as her jaw dropped with a baffled, "WHAT?"  I then said "Honey, I just want you to HOLD this stuff for a while. You're just not in touch with my financial means as a man, enough for me to satisfy your shopping needs as a woman."  And just when she had this look like she was going to kill me, I added, "Why can't you just love me for who I am and not for the things I buy you?"  Apparently, no sex tonight either!
The Voice of God Saul is working in his store when he hears a booming voice from above: "Saul, sell your business." He ignores it. It goes on for days. "Saul, sell your business for $3 million." After weeks of this, he relents, sells his store. The voice says ‘Saul, go to Las Vegas." He asks why. "Saul, take the $3 million to Las Vegas." He obeys, goes to a casino. Voice says, "Saul , go to the blackjack table and put it down all on one hand." He hesitates but knows he must. He’s dealt an 18. The dealer has a six showing. "Saul, take a card." What? The dealer has -- "Take a card!" He tells the dealer to hit him. Saul gets an ace. Nineteen. He breathes easy. "Saul, take another card." What? "TAKE ANOTHER CARD!" He asks for another card. It’s another ace. He has twenty. "Saul, take another card," the voice commands. I have twenty! Saul shouts. "TAKE ANOTHER CARD!!" booms the voice. Hit me,Saul says. He gets another ace. Twenty one. The booming voice goes: "un-fucking-believable!"
A male whale and a female whale were swimming off the coast of Japan when they noticed a whaling ship. The male whale recognized it as the same ship that had harpooned his father many years earlier. He said to the female whale, "Lets both swim under the ship and blow out of our air holes at the same time and it should cause the ship to turn over and sink." They tried it and sure enough, the ship turned over and quickly sank.   Soon however, the whales realized the sailors had jumped overboard and were swimming to the safety of shore. The male was enraged that they were going to get away and told the female, "Let's swim after them and gobble them up before they reach the shore." At this point, he realized the female was becoming reluctant to follow him. "Look," she said, "I went along with the blow job, but I absolutely refuse to swallow the seamen." 
A blind and famous 'tactile-voyant' psychic reads three famous celebrities The three walk into a room where they see the psychic: A masked man in a thick overcoat.  He explains they shouldn't be alarmed, and that this is by far the best way to conceal his identity from myriad detractors.  The first celebrity walks up, muffling their voice to make sure the psychic doesn't immediately recognize them.  His hands are guided to their body by an assistant, and he proceeds to caress every part of them.  After some uncomfortable minutes of touching, the psychic says "I can feel the essence of heavy paint and Hugh Jackman on your body.  You must be Jennifer Lawrence!"  Jennifer screams "Yes!" in utter disbelief.  The next celebrity approaches, and the process is repeated.  Eventually, the psychic claims "I feel a famous rap-musician complementing the gleaming hue of your body.  You must be Beyonce!"  Beyonce stumbles backwards, desperately asking those nearby how the psychic could possibly know such a thing.  The last celebrity steps forward wearing a mask.  The psychic's assistant warns him via a hidden earpiece that this individual might be trouble.  Speaking into his collar, the 'blind psychic' informs his subordinate that she doesn't look very threatening and thinks he can handle her just fine.  She walks up to him, and he begins to explore the unknown woman's entire body.  He squeezes her breasts, pinches her buttocks, and ...  "Hold on" the psychic gasps in realization, "is that *you*, Ivanka?!"
Three refugees are trying to enter Europe in a delivery van. When they're about to cross the border into Bulgaria, they're stopped by the police. There were three potato bags in the back of the van, so each refugee hides inside one of them.  The police officer asks the driver to open the back of the van and goes in to check it out.  He kicks one of the potato bags and the refugee hiding inside yells "rooff!", and the officer thinks "oh, it's a dog".  He kicks another potato bag and the refugee hiding inside yells "meow!", and the officer thinks "oh, it's a cat".  He then kicks the last potato bag and the refugee hiding inside yells "potatoes!".
Ping pong balls Many years back there was a king who had the most beautiful daughter in all the lands. The king issues a challenge. "The first knight who can find the most ping pong balls gets to marry my daughter".    The first knight returns with 300 ping pong balls. Two days later, the second knight comes with 1500 ping pong balls.  The next day, the third knight comes with Two giant hairy sweaty stinky fucking balls.  The kings flips his shit and says, "What the fuck did you bring me! I shall have you hanged, those arent ping pong balls!!"  The third knight says, "Ping Pong Balls? I thought you said KIng Kongs balls"
You have two cows.. USA: You have two cows. You outsource a farm to milk them and sell the milk to those who can afford it. You then use the profit to buy someone else's cow for your butcher to make steak with.  Russia: You have two cows. When you get sober you remember that the mafia took them away from you, so you actually have none.  Ukraine: You have two cows. One of them feeds on American grass, the other feeds on Russian grass.  North Korea: You have two cows. Its name is Kim Jong Un.  France: You have two cows. You kill them, throw away everything except the filet mignon, and make cheese with the leftover Pasteurized milk.  Syria: You have two cows. They have been fighting for as long as you remember, but it is hard to remember anyway, because you are in Sweden.  Sweden: You have two cows. You offer them to the government, who gives everybody milk.  UK: You have two cows. After a lengthy court battle, the bovines hold a referendum and are separated.  Turkey: You have two cows. One of them gets arrested on charges of directing his methane at Erdogan's palace at the behest of the parallel state.  Nigeria: You have two cows. You convince an old American woman to invest in them, but pocket the money and run.  Japan: You have two cows. They are replaced by two 3d hologram cows and put in a zoo.  Italy: You have two cows. The northern one produces all the milk. The southern one sleeps all day.  Brazil: You have two cows. But not for long, because one shoots the other dead.  Thailand: You have two cows. One of them was born a bull.  Vatican City: You have two cows. They were both taken advantage of as calves.  Kazakhstan: You have two cows. They are both better cows than cows from Uzbekistan, who have bones in their brain.  Uzbekistan: You have two cows. They are probably less bored than you.  Saudi Arabia: You have two cows. Because they are not allowed to be around bulls.  Switzerland: You have two cows. Neither belong to you.  South Africa: You have two cows. The one with more white patches has more privileges.  Iran: You have two cows. When the US finds out, they impose sanctions on you on charges of running an illicit methane-powered missile program.  Canada: You have two cows. But who cares about beef when you've got Poutine.  Jamaica: You have two cows. They win 25 gold medals at the Bovine Olympics.  Australia: You have two cows. Upon further inspection, you realize that one is a koala, the other a kangaroo.  Israel: You have two cows. You expand their farmland every year.  Iceland: You have two cows. They freeze to death.  Greenland: You have two cows. They are in for a surprise.  Finland: You have two cows. They are more likely than your entire country to commit a crime.  Denmark: You have two cows. They have more rights than you.  Alaska: You have two cows. Their combined IQ is higher than that of your most popular governor.  Cote d'Ivoire: You have two cows. You rename your country Cote Leathoir.  Zimbabwe: You have two cows. They both vote for Mugabe.  Botswana: You have two cows. But that's not surprising because you have pretty much every type of non-extinct mammal in your country.  China: You have two cows. You post their pics all over social media, then sell people fake milk.  Germany: You have two cows. One lives in Deutchsland, the other lives in Germany. You still can't tell them apart.  El Salvador: You have two cows. They are less likely to get cut open than you.  Chad: You have two cows. They will probably outlive you.  Qatar: You have two cows. They each have a maid.  Kuwait: You have two cows. They each have a diamond-studded mercedes-benz.  Nauru: You have two cows. They probably weigh less than you.  Sudan: You have two cows. The southern one ran away because it contains more beef.  Yugoslavia: You have two cows. They die right after giving birth to 20 new cows.  Papua New Guinea: You have two cows. One eats the other.  India: You have two cows. You create a new country to banish all your people who might eat them.  USSR: You have two cows. But you wish this was not the case, because in Soviet Russia, cow milk you.  Bonus: Southern USA: You have two cows. Their milkshake brings all the bulls to the yard, and they're like, it's better than yours. Damn right, it's better than yours; they can teach you, though there is a charge; but if you upvote, then you won't be charged! 
Father and daughter are walking to school Suddenly, the girl asks:  "Dad, what's wrong with that horse?"  The father looks at the horse and realizing that the horse has an erection, says to his daughter:   "Do not look at that horse because he's sick"  The next day:  "Dad, the horse is still sick."  "Yes, honey, do not look at him, he's still sick."  On the third day, the girl is taken to school by her mother.  "Mom, do not look at that horse because he's sick."  The mother, curious, looks at the horse and asks the daughter:  "Who told you that horse was sick?"  "Dad told me."  "Oh, sweetheart, I wish your father had half the health of that horse!"
Husband takes the wife to her high school reunion... Husband takes the wife to her high school reunion. After meeting several of her friends and former school mates, they are sitting at a table where he is yawning and overly bored. The band cranks up and people are beginning to dance. There's a guy on the dance floor living it large, break dancing, moon walking, back flips, buying drinks for people, the works. Wife turns to her husband and says, "See that guy? 25 years ago he proposed to me and I turned him down.  Husband says: "Looks like he's still celebrating!"
3 blondes try to cross a river. 3 blondes are trying to cross a river.  The first blonde prays to god a asks to be more intelligent so she can cross the river. God agrees and makes her a brunette and she swims across the river.  The next blonde asks god to be 2x smarter than the last girl so she can cross the river. God agrees and makes her a redhead and she builds a boat and sails across the river.  The last blonde asks god to be 2x smarter than the last two blondes combined so she can cross the river.  God agrees and turns the last blonde into a man and she uses the bridge.
The priest lost his cockerel one day At mass, he asks  "Does anyone have a cock?" to which all the men stand up. "No, that's not what I mean! Has anyone seen a cock?" to which all the women stand up. "No no no! Gosh, has anyone seen a cock that isn't theirs?" and half the women stand up. "God dammit! Alright, has anyone seen my cock?" The nuns stand up. Then the choir boys.   I don't know if this was up here recently or not. It's a joke I knew about for a while, and wanted to share none the less. Enjoy :)
Girl about to jump of a bridge..... A tough looking group of bikers were riding when they saw a girl about to jump off a bridge, so they stopped. The leader, a big burly man, gets off his bike and says, “What are you doing?”  “I’m going to commit suicide,” she says.  While he did not want to appear insensitive, he didn’t want to miss an opportunity. He asked “Well, before you jump, why don’t you give me a blow job?” So, she does and it was a long, deep and slow blow job.  After she’s finished, the biker says, “Wow! That was the best blow job I have ever had. That’s a real talent you are wasting. You could be famous. Why are you committing suicide?”  “My parents don’t like me dressing up like a girl.....  
An Australian is having a piss in a public toilet when he notices the huge penis of the African next to him. Sighing he says "I wish I could have a dick like that". The African is annoyed at the intrusion and tired of the steteotype so he decides to play a practical joke on the Aussie. He turns to him and says "you are still young,  perhaps you still could. Let me tell you my tribes great secret. In my tribe when we reach puberty we take a piece of string and tie one end to the penis and a small rock to the other end. After a few months we tie on a slightly bigger rock. After a year or so we can have a house brick tied on.  You will appreciate that this treatment, over time, bestows on my tribe the longest penises in the southern hemisphere.  Perhaps you could try this method."  Of course the Australian is delighted but worried that he is starting later in life than the tribesmen. He is also impatient so he decides to start the treatment immediately using a housebrick from the start.  Some weeks pass and the African and the Australian meet once again at the local bar.  After the usual small talk the African asks "how the method is working?". The Australian replies "well its sort of half working". "What do you mean half working?" the African enquires. "This tribal custom has worked unfailingly for my people for centuries:. The Australian replies "well it hasn't really got any longer but it has turned black".  Edit: Quotation marks, as requested.
A group of people hear a legend about unimaginable riches atop a hill They decide to locate this hill and find these riches. After adventuring far and wide, enduring climates cold and hot alike, even delving through ancient temples, they finally find the hill's location and immediately plan their journey there.   After traveling to the hill and climbing it, lo and behold there were, indeed, unimaginable riches inside of an ancient, buried structure. Even after splitting these fortunes among each other they found they were set for life.   After they make it out with their bounty, one of the members turns to the others and says:   "We've reached the top! It's all downhill from here."
A Redditor was talking to his friend. His friend asked "So, have you decided on a job you'd like to get?" The Redditor shook his head, saying "All of the jobs are already taken by people on Reddit."  "Maybe you could work on newspapers?" The Redditor replied "There's a news subreddit that already does that."  "What about a video game tester?" Again, the Redditor replied "There's a gaming subreddit that already does that."  "What about a recycling center?" Again, the Redditor replied "There's a joke subreddit that already does that."
So, a boy comes home from school...       He tells his mom "I just had sex with my teacher!"       His mom replies with "you're grounded. Go to your room. Wait for your father to return and he'll deal with this!"       As his father returned home his mother told him the problem, with a grin on his face he walked up to his sons room.        "Son, I'm proud of you, let's go get that bike you always wanted. Whatya say?"       "Gee thanks dad, of course I would!"       On the way back from the store the father asks if he wants to ride the bike home.       The boy responds, "no thanks... my butt still hurts..."
Italian Marriages (long) An Italian woman married an Italian man. The Italian tradition for newlyweds is to sleep at your mother's house on your wedding night and remain a virgin until you are married.  After the wedding, the newlyweds went back to her mother's house. The man went up stairs and the woman stayed to talk to her mom. She said, "I don't want to go up there."  Her mom said, "He's a good man. Go upstairs and he'll treat you well."  When she got upstairs, the man took off his shirt.  She ran back downstairs and said, "Mamma! Mamma! He has a hairy chest!"  Her mom said, "All good men have hairy chests. Go upstairs and he will treat you well."  When she got upstairs, he took off his pants.  She ran back downstairs and said, "Mamma! Mamma! He has hairy legs!"  Her mom said, "All good men have hairy legs. Go upstairs and he will treat you well."  When she got upstairs he took off his socks. She noticed that half his foot was missing. She ran downstairs and said, "Mamma! Mamma! He has a foot and a half!"  Her mom said, "Stay here! This is job for Mamma!"  (I used to tell this with a very poor Italian accent but it does make it better)
Sandwich crisis 3 men sitting on a metal beam at a building site, complaining about their sandwiches, one is English one is Scottish &amp; ones Irish.  Scottish man says "ugh cheese again if I get this tomorrow I'm leaving my wife"  Next day the Scottish man gets cheese and phones his wife saying to pack her bags.  English man arrives later the same day and says "I just saw your wife crying I take it you dumped her, I'll follow your lead but one better if I get ham in my sandwich tomorrow I'll kill my wife"  Next day the English man gets ham, flips out goes home and kills his wife.  Later that day the Irish man asks if the Scottish mans heard the news and says "idea seems sound enough but I'll go one better if I get tuna tomorrow I'll jump of this beam and kill myself"  Next day comes and the Irish man gets tuna and fulfills his claim and jumps, so the Scottish man is at the funeral and sees the Irish mans wife laughing. Confused he asks why and she replies,  "Silly fucker makes his own sandwiches"
Wasp "So there once was this wasp that lived in a jungle. This was not your ordinary wasp though-he was smart, philosophical even. One day he finally got fed up with his repetitive, insignificant life and decided that he would leave his hive, his family, his entire close-knit wasp community and he would go out into the world and make something of himself, just like the humans do. So the wasp enrolls in school, and passes with flying colors. Remember, this is a very smart wasp. He gets his high school diploma in a little under 3 years, with a 4.0 GPA and all that snazz. After high school, believe it or not, the wasp gets accepted to Harvard. Harvard! This too proves to be no challenge for our hero, as he graduates in just two years, again a 4.0, on the Dean's list, and all that snazz. Not to mention all the clubs and sports he was in-the newspaper, rowing, student government-and the fact that he was by far the most popular student on campus. Even his professors looked up to him. He goes on to get two PhDs, and when he finishes his education, the wasp faces a bit of a dilemma. How does he apply his knowledge now? Where does he go from here? He decides to try out politics. After all, he was popular throughout school, did well in Harvard government. So he runs for mayor, and wins in a landslide. He greatly reforms the city, fixing virtually all its major problems. He runs for governor and again wins in a landslide. Two years later, the presidential election was coming up, and the wasp decides he might as well go for it. Of course, he wins in the largest landslide in US presidential history. His presidency goes exceedingly well-he is loved by all parties, and has the highest approval ratings in history. He also finds the cures for cancer, AIDS, and broken hearts while in the White House. After 8 years (yes, of course he was reelected) the time has come for him to leave his office. Even his successor his saddened by the wasp’s departure, but they all know it’s what must be done. Back at his vacation home in California his first day after leaving office, the wasp looks back on his long and fruitful life. He realizes that he hasn't been back to his hive at all since that first day he left. He suddenly feels a twang of guilt as he realizes how much he misses his parents and his little brother. So he heads back to the hive, looking more worn out than he remembers. He goes inside and greets his family, who are overjoyed at the sight of him. He talks about how his life has gone as his family listens in wonderment. Eventually he decides he is thirsty, so he decides to visit the old watering hole he remembered. Once he gets there though, there’s an extremely long line. He decides it’s worth the wait, so gets in line. One hour. Two hours. This is the slowest moving line he’s ever seen! Eventually he calculates that it could be a few days before he gets to the front of the line, so decides it’s not worth it. He decides to go get some cider to drink instead, but waddya know, another huge line of people waiting for cider! He remembers one other drinking area that never had a long line-fruit punch! So he decides to go get punch. He arrives, and lo and behold, there's no punch line."
Probably the grossest joke I've ever heard. late one evening a guy is closing up the restaurant he works at. He's sweeping floors and wiping tables, when there's a knock at the door. He opens the door and standing there is the filthiest bum he's ever seen. The bum says, "say fella, could you give me a fork?" Well the guy figures, what the hell. He just wants this smelly bum out of his face. He gives the bum a fork and the bum goes away. About 10 minutes later, as the guy is refilling the salt shakers, there's another knock on the door. Another filthy bum, dirtier and smellier than the last. And again, the bum asks for a fork. Bewildered, the guy hands him a fork and hurriedly closes the door. He's starting to get mildly freaked out. 10 minutes after that, just as the guy is putting away the mop and preparing to leave there's a third knock. The guy yanks open the door and sure enough, the raggedest, dirtiest, stinkiest bum ever is standing there. The guy has had enough, he just wants to go home. He yells "HERE, take your stupid fork and leave me alone!" The bum says "but I don't need a fork, I need a straw!" "What?!" says the guy. "First two bums come asking for a fork, and now you want a straw? What the hell is going on?" "Oh, well that's simple" says the bum. "Somebody puked on the sidewalk just up the street, but now all the good stuff is gone."   Edit: according to u/NiceAnusYouHaveThere, the punchline should be "now all the chunky stuff is gone" and I have to admit, that's even grosser. I was told the joke by a drunk trucker twenty years ago. I may have misremembered. Or, y'know, suppressed some things.
A plane crashed in the middle of a field in rural Kentucky...  A large jet plane has crashed on a farm in the middle of rural Kentucky, feared to be Air Force One. Panic stricken, the local sheriffs department has mobilized and descended on the farm in force. By the time they got there, the aircraft was totally destroyed with only a burned hull left, smoldering in a tree line that bordered the farm.  The sheriff and his men entered the smoking mess but could find no remains of anyone. They spotted the farmer plowing a field not too far away as if nothing had happened. They hurried over to the man’s tractor. “Hank,” the sheriff yelled, panting and out of breath.  “Did you see this terrible accident happen?” “Yep. Sure did,” the farmer mumbled unconcerned, cutting off the tractor’s engine. Do you realize that is Air Force One, the airplane of the President of the United States?” “Yep.” “Were there any survivors?” “Nope. They’s all kilt straight out, “the farmer answered. “I done buried them all myself. Took me most of the morning.” “President Obama is dead?” the sheriff asked. “Well,” the farmer grumbled, restarting his tractor, “He kept a-saying he wasn’t, but you know how bad that sumbitch lies.”
Memory wipe "We've divided the population as you requested, Mr. President" announced the assistant "we just need your approval for the memory wipe".  "Wipe the memories from the groups 1 to 8" replied the president, "leave group 9 alone but wipe group 10 too"  "Sir, you want us to wipe groups 1 through 8 and then 10, but not 9? Group 9 refers to... children born between 1990 and 1999, why should they be left with their memories?"  The president looked out at the world from the window.  "Only 90's kids will remember this"
Rudolph A couple is walking in St. Petersburg Square on Christmas Eve  They feel a slight precipitation.  "I think it’s raining," says the man.  "No, it’s snowing," replies the woman.  "How about we ask this Communist officer here? He is always right!" exclaims the man. "Officer Rudolph, is it raining or snowing?"  "Definitely raining," Officer Rudolph replies before walking off.  The man turns to his wife with a smile. “See? Rudolph the Red knows rain, dear.”
The commander of the Russian military academy (corresponding to the rank of 4-star general in the US Army) gave a lecture on potential problems and military strategy. At the end of the lecture he asked if there were any questions.  One of the officers stood up and asked: "Will there be a Third World War?" And will Russia take part in it? The general answered positively to both questions. Another officer asked: "Who will be our enemy?" The general replied: "Everything indicates that it will be China." All were shocked in the audience The third officer added: "General, but we have only 150 million people compared to 1.5 billion Chinese." We have a chance to win, and indeed to survive? The general replied: - Just think: in modern war, not the number of soldiers determines victory, but the quality and ability to use army capabilities. For example, in the Middle East, we have observed relatively recently several wars where 5 million Jews fought against 150 million Arabs, and Israel has always won.  After a short pause, another officer, who was sitting in the back rows, asked: "Do we have enough Jews?" 
Three men are walking along a beach A Mexican, an African American and a white dude. They find a bottle and when they rub it, out pops a genie. The genie grants them all one wish. The Mexican says, "I wish that all my fellow Mexicans and me could be transported back to our native homeland and we could all be happy there.' Poof! The Mexican disappears. The genie turns to the African American. "And what is your wish?"  "I wish that all my African brothers and I can all go back to our motherland and be happy and free." Poof! The black guys disappears. The genie turns to the white guy. "And what is your wish?" The white guy looks thoughtfully. "Are you telling me that all the spicks and blacks are gone from America?" The genie nods. "Oh, in that case then, I'll have a coke."
Angus McGonagle us walking with his young son, Doolan... ...as they come upon a comely stone fence, Angus says, "Doolan, me boy, ah built this fence wi' me own two hands... But do they call me 'Angus the Fence-Builder? Nay, nay, they do no..."  They continue walking and aproach a beatiful church. Angus says, "Doolan, mah son, ah built this church wi' me own two hands... But do they call me Angus; Church-Builder? Nay, nay, they dunnah..."  As they walk along, Angus and Doolan come to a beautiful sheep pasture. Angus asks Doolan: "D'ye see them fine sheep, m'boy, in that noice paddock? I built that paddock wi'me'own two hands? Do they know me as Angus the Paddock builder? Nay!  "BUT YOU FUCK ONE SHEEP!"
The phone in the locker room A bunch of men were in a locker room and a phone started to ring one and the man next to it answered the phone and this is how their conversation went:  man: "hello"  woman: "hello darling. i went shopping and i found a beutiful leather coat and i was wondering if i could buy it?"  man: "how much is it?"  woman " 2,000"  man: " if you want to buy it then go ahead"  woman: "thank you darling. and i saw some more articles of clothing around the shop and i was hoping i could buy them?"  man: "how much are they all together?"  woman: "90,000"  man: " alright if you want to buy them"  woman: " thank you sweat pea. and earlier i was talking to a friend and she said that the house i wanted last year was on for sale. i was wondering if we could buy it" man: " how much?"  woman: "980,000"  man" alright put a bid of 900,000 dollars. they'll proably  take it but if you have to you can add the extra 80,000"  woman: " thank you my handsome man goodbye i love you"  man: "i love you too" and they hung up then the man turned around and said: "anyone know who's phone this is?"
The Preacher and the Donkey A preacher wanted to raise money for the local church and, upon hearing that there was a fortune to be found in horse racing, he decided to purchase one and enter himself. Unfortunately, the going price for a horse at the local auction house was too high so he ended up getting a donkey instead. He decides that, because he has it, he might as well try his luck so he enters it in the horse race and, to his great surprise, it comes in third place.  The newspaper headline the next day read, "Preacher's ass shows."  The preacher was quite pleased with this turn of events, so he decided to enter the donkey in the race again and this time it won.  The newspaper headline the next day read, "Preacher's ass out front."  The bishop was rather unhappy that the church was getting this kind of publicity, so he commanded the preacher to get rid of the donkey.  The newspaper headline the next day read, "Bishop scratches preacher's ass."  After some careful thought, the preacher agreed to give the donkey to a nun in a nearby convent.  The newspaper headline the next day read, "Nun has best ass in town."  This was too much for the bishop. He commanded the nun to get rid of the donkey again. She sold it to a local farmer for the price of $10.  The newspaper headline the next day read, "Nun sells ass for $10."  The bishop fainted. When he regained consciousness, he told the nun to buy the donkey back from the farmer and to then release it into the nearby fields.  The newspaper headline the next day read, "Nun announces ass is wild and free."  The bishop was buried the next day.
An old man goes to confession... An old German man goes to confession one Sunday. He enters the confession, sits down and says "Forgive me Father for I have sinned, and I want to confess". The Priest says "Well my child, what are your sins?". The old man responds "During the war I hid a young Jewish woman from the Nazis in return for sexual favours". The Priest, while surprised, says "It was a difficult time, you risked your life to help this woman despite the immoral exchange". "I understand that father" the old man says "But, do you think I should tell her the war is over?".
A panda enters a restaurant. A panda walks into a restaurant, sits down and orders steaming bowl of wonton soup. After he finishes eating, the panda pulls out a gun and shoots the waiter, killing him instantly. He struts towards the door without picking up the cheque. "Hey!" shouts the manager. "Where do you think you're going? You just shot my waiter and you didn't pay for your meal!"  The panda yells back at the manager, "I am a panda. Look it up."  The manager opens his handy dictionary as instructed and reads the definition of a panda. "A tree-dwelling marsupial of Asian origin, characterized by distinct black and white colouring. Eats shoots and leaves."
Did you hear about that guy in Texas? His wife was in labor and about to give birth, meanwhile he's bragging to everyone around. "I'm gonna have the biggest baby ever birthed." "Whats the biggest baby you've ever delivered?" He continued on like that for a while until the doctor became annoyed with him, and told him to wait in the lobby. He spouted the same nonsense there too. A little while later, the nurse comes out and approaches the guy. "Sir, congratulations, your wife has given birth to a baby girl, she weighs 13 pounds!" Everyone in the lobby is shocked, the guy says "I knew we'd have the biggest baby, when can I see her?" The nurse says the doctor still has work to do, and he can see her shortly. After a little while longer, the doctor comes out and says "Sir, you've had twins! Your wife just gave birth to a 14 pound boy!" Again, everyone is shocked. The doctor asks "Whats your secret?" The man says "Well, I've got a cock like a stove pipe" The doctor laughs and says "Well you'd better clear all the soot out, because they're both black!" 
A state's news forecast several natural disasters over almost every single county. A very young boy and his older sister are sitting in the dining room when their parents go upstairs and leave the two alone. All of a sudden they hear thunder and he sees the sun disappear. The boy looks  out the window and asks, "What is this terrible loud bangings?" "That's a storm and thunder, Brother." She replies. Then he asks, "Sis, does it always thunder and does the sun always get dark during a storm?" The sister replies, "No, not always brother." A few minutes later the wind starts to pickup and the boy looks out the window and sees a huge cloud that touches the ground and  knocks some houses down in the distance. What is that Sis?" He aks. She replies, "That's a tornado Brother." "Do houses always get knocked down during a tornado?" The sister replies, "No, not always brother." All of a sudden the ground begins to shake and a few paintings fall to the ground. This time the boy doesn't need to look out the window to know there's another disaster afoot. "What is that shaking the world is doing?" asks the brother. "That is an earthquake, Brother." The sister replies. The boy looks  up the stairs and asks, " Do Mommy and Daddy always fuck when there's an earthquake?"
Diary of a young wife  Monday:   Now home from honeymoon and settled in our new home.  It's fun to cook for Tim. Today I made an angel food cake and the recipe said, "Beat 12 eggs separately." Well, I didn't have enough bowls to do that, so I had to borrow 12 bowls to beat the eggs in. The cake turned out fine though.   Tuesday:   We wanted a fruit salad for supper. The recipe said, "Serve without dressing."   So I didn't dress. But Tim happened to bring a friend home for supper that night. They both looked so startled when I served them, I think it was the salad.    Wednesday:   I decided to serve rice and found a recipe which said, `Wash thoroughly before steaming the rice."   So I heated some water and took a bath before steaming the rice. Sounded kind of silly in the middle of the day. I can't say it improved the rice anyhow.    Thursday:   Today Tim asked for salad again. I tried a new recipe. It said, "Prepare ingredients, and then toss on a bed of lettuce one hour before serving."   I hunted all over the place for a garden and when I got one, I tossed my salad into the bed of lettuce and stood over there for over one hour so the dog would not take it. Tim came over and asked if I felt all right. I wonder why? He must be stressed at work; I'll try to be supportive.    Friday:   Today I found an easy recipe for cookies. It said, "Put all ingredients in a bowl and beat it."   Beat it I did, to my mum's place. There must have been something wrong with the recipe, because when I came back home again; it looked the same as when I left it.   Saturday:   Tim went shopping today and brought home a chicken. He asked me to dress it for Sunday. I'm sure I don't know how hens dress for Sunday. I never noticed back on the farm, but I found an old doll dress and its little cute shoes. I thought the hen looked really cute. When Tim saw it, he started counting to ten. Either he was really stressed because of his work, or he wanted the chicken to dance.   When I asked him what was wrong he started crying and shouting out, "Why me? Why me?"
A woman pregnant with triplets was walking down the street..... when a masked robber ran out of a bank and shot her three times in the stomach. Luckily the babies were OK. The surgeon decided to leave the bullets in because it was too risky to operate. She gave birth to two healthy daughters and a healthy son.  All was fine for 16 years, and then one daughter walked into the room in tears.  "What's wrong?" asked the mother. "I was taking a wee and this bullet came out," replied the daughter.  The mother told her it was okay and explained what happened 16 years ago.  About a week later the second daughter walked into the room in tears. "Mom, I was taking a wee and this bullet came out!"   Again the mother told her not to worry and explained what happened 16 years ago.  A week later her son walked into the room in tears. "It's okay" said the Mom, "I know what happened you were taking a wee and a bullet came out."  "No," said the boy, "I was playing with myself and I shot the dog."
I stand nervously in front of the audience at the comedy club. It’s a full house. My hand shakes as I lift up the microphone to my lips. Beads of sweat roll down my forehead. I take a breath and shakily stammer out “s-so uhh.. H- how’s everyone doing doing tonight? I got a great… Got a great joke for you all tonight. Here it goes… Uhh… So… Why did the chicken cross the road?” The crowd is silent, but their silence asks a question. Why did the chicken cross the road? Before I have a chance to answer a man appears behind me, shooting me dead, a bullet straight through my brain. The audience is silent once again, but after a moment they begin to break out in wild applause. A comedy critic cheers the loudest. The next day, in his review of my routine, he simply writes: “The setup was lackluster, but the execution was terrific.”
Mike comes home late one night After work one day, one of his work-mates asks Mike if he wants to go to the pub for a couple of pints.    'Nah' says Mike, 'If I come home late my wife will go ape-shit.'   'Oh that's no problem' reckons his work-mate, 'what I do is get home *really* late, that way my wife is in bed asleep when I come home. I get into bed, give her a bit of the old oral, then she forgives me for staying out late. You should try it.'    Sure enough, Mike thinks he might get away with it and goes to the pub.    After closing time he goes home. Real quite, he opens the front door, undresses, tip-toes up the stairs and slides under the covers from the foot end of the bed. He pulls his wifes panties down and starts to give her oral pleasure.   Sure enough, after a few minutes his wife starts to squirm and moan and is really wet, so he knows he's on the right track.    Alas, all that beer takes its toll and he needs to relieve himself badly. Getting out of bed, he goes to the bathroom, closes the door and turns the light on.    His wife is sitting on the toilet. **'How the f*ck did you get it here?!'** he exclaims.   'Shush' whispers his wife, 'Or you'll waken your mother!'  
Is that you Hans? During World War 1, the British were under heavy sniper fire in the trenches, making advancing through territory very difficult without taking many casualties.    So, the British soldiers discussed how to take out the sniper: "How do we make that darn sniper come out of his nest?" Said one. "I have an idea! Maybe we could call out a very common German name and get him to stick his head out!"    Since Hans is a very common German name, they decide to call it out.  "Hans? Haaaaaannsss?"  "Ya?"  Bang! The sniper was shot dead.    The British soldiers advance rapidly, using their technique to effectively take over the previously sniper infested area.  The Germans quickly figured out their trick and attempted to copy it with a British name.    "Hmmm Wat is a common British name?"  "How about Paddy? Like Paddington"  "Oh Ja Ja! Good name!"    So, the Germans started calling out the name:  "Padyy! Paddyyyy!!!!"  **Dead silence**  "Paddyyyy!"    Suddenly, someone answered​:  "Ummmm... Paddy isn't here... But is that you Hans?"  "Ja!"  **BANG**
Miracle cure A plumber, a violinist, an astronomer and a redneck*, all suffering from various infirmities, were sitting in a convalescent home when suddenly an angel appeared.  The angel spoke to them:  "I have come to give you the gift of health! Mr. Plumber, what is your ailment?" The plumber answered, "I'm nearly crippled with arthritis. I'd give anything to be able to move freely and go back to my profession."  The angel snapped her fingers: "You're healed; go and thrive!" And the plumber ran off, rejoicing.  Then she spoke to the violinist: "What is your ailment?" The violinist said, "I have a horrible case of tinnitus. If only this ringing in my ears would stop, I could rejoin my chamber orchestra."  The angel snapped her fingers: "You're healed; go and thrive!" And the violinist ran off, rejoicing.  Next up was the astronomer. "What is your ailment?" The astronomer answered, "My vision has failed from years of peering into telescopes at faint stars.  It's such an exciting time in my profession; I wish I could contribute again."  The angel snapped her fingers: "You're healed; go and thrive!" And the astronomer ran off, rejoicing.  Finally, the angel turned to the redneck. "And friend, what is your ailment." "Get away from me!" the redneck shouted, backing away hurriedly. "I'm on full disability!"  (*You can substitute the out-group of your choice.) 
Three sports fans leave a bar... (Insert teams A, B and C as you like. This is how I know it.) Three baseball fans walk out of a bar. They turn a corner and see a pair of legs sticking out from behind a bush. They push the bush aside and find a woman dead and completely naked. They call the police and as they wait, they decide to cover the woman up. The Cubs fan takes of his hat and covers her left breast. The Royals (my team) fan takes off his hat and covers her right breast. The Yankees fan takes off his hat and covers her crotch. The police arrive. The detective walks around the scene and writes in his little book. He lifts the Cubs hat, looks underneath, sets it back down and writes in his little book. He lifts the Royals hat, looks underneath, sets it back down and writes in his little book. He the lifts the Yankees hat, looks underneath, starts to set it back down, stops, does a double-take, sets the hat back down slowly and starts to write in the little book. The Yankees fan is upset by this. He asks, "What was that? Haven't you seen one of those before?" The detective replies, "You misunderstand. Normally when I look under a Yankees hat, I see an asshole."
At the height of WWII on the Eastern front At the height of WWII on the Eastern front, a high-level meeting takes place in the Kremlin between Stalin and the marshals on the situation on their respective fronts. When the meeting ends, Marshal Zhukov is the first one to step out. As he does so, he mutters under his breath "Fucking mustachioed piece of shit." It just so happens that Stalin's secretary, Poskrebyshev hears this. So being a loyal servant of the Communist cause, he reports it to his boss. To which Stalin replies, "get him back here."  Two minutes later, Zhukov is back in the room facing Stalin.  "Comrade Zhukov," begins Stalin, "would you please repeat what you said when you left the room?"  "I said 'fucking mustachioed piece of shit' Comrade Stalin."  "And who were you talking about?  "I was talking about Hitler, Comrade Stalin."  Stalin then turns to Poskrebyshev,  "And you, Comrade Poskrebyshev, who did you *think* he was talking about?
Golf with the Wife A man staggers into an emergency room with a concussion, multiple bruises, two black eyes and a five iron wrapped tightly around his throat.  Naturally, the doctor asks him what happened.  "Well, it was like this," said the man. "I was having a quiet round of golf with my wife, when at a difficult hole, we both sliced our balls into a pasture of cows."  "We went to look for them, and while I was rooting around noticed one of the cows had something white at its rear end. I walked over and lifted up the tail, and sure enough, there was a golf ball with my wife's monogram on it-- stuck right in the middle of the cow's butt."  "That's when I made my big mistake."  "What did you do?" asks the doctor.  "Well, I lifted the cow's tail again and yelled to my wife, Hey, this looks like yours!"  "I don't remember much after that"!
There's a monkey chillin in the jungle, when a lizard walks up... Lizard says, "What's up monkey?" Monkey replies, "Oh nothin' much, just *hangin around...* Wanna get high?"  So they roll up a fat joint and get really stoned, and talk about how the Transformers movie, if you substitute regular aliens for the Transformers, is actually pretty accurate, how Keanu Reeves is immortal, and how The Simpsons predict the future, along with various other high on conspiracy topics. Then, Lizard realizes he has the worst case of cotton chops ever.   "Hey Monkey, I'm gonna go down to the watering hole and get myself a drink."  So Monkey is left alone, he realizes he has a serious case of the munchies so he chows down on some bananas, which of course, makes him thirsty as well.   Monkey walks down to the watering hole, takes a nice big drink but doesn't see Lizard anywhere, and he didn't pass him on his way to the watering hole either...   When suddenly, **an alligator pops out of the water!** Surprised, Monkey exclaims, *"Daaaamn Lizard how much water did you drink?!"*
3 men are hiking up a mountain one day... ...when they come across a corked bottle. Upon removing the cork, a genie appears and is so grateful for being released he grants each man 3 wishes.  The first man says "For my first wish, I want to be the richest man in the entire world!" *Poof* The genie hands the man a bank statement showing him to be worth 100 billion dollars.  The second man says "For my first wish, I want to have the world's largest penis!" *Poof* The man's pants bulge out and his new massive dong rips right through the fabric to dangle below his knees.  The third man says "For my first wish, I want my right arm to constantly rotate in a clockwise motion!" *Poof* His arm starts rotating clockwise.  The first man says "For my second wish, I want to have the most beautiful woman in the world as my wife!" *Poof* Out of a cloud of smoke steps a woman every man would be envious of.  The second man says "For my second wish, I want to be irresistible to every woman in the world!" *Poof* The first man's wife steps over and starts making out with the second man.  The third man says "For my second wish, I want my left arm to constantly rotate counter-clockwise!" *Poof* His arm starts rotating in a counter-clockwise motion.  The first man says "For my final wish, I want to be immortal!" *Poof* The genie informs him he will never age nor die.  The second man says "Hmm. Forever is a long time. I don't think I'd want that, so for my final wish, I want to be as healthy as possible for the rest of my life!" *Poof* Immediately the man feels like a million bucks.  The third man says " For my final wish, I want my head to constantly rock back and forth!" *Poof* His head begins rocking back and forth.  The genie then disappears, and the men all agree to meet up with one another on the mountain in 10 years' time to see how each of them are doing.  10 years pass, and the first 2 men meet up on the mountain. While they're waiting on the third they get to talking.  The first man says "Man, it's been great! I invested the 100 billion dollars wisely, and now I'm worth 200 billion! I still have the world's most beautiful wife, and look at me! I haven't aged a day!"  The second man says "That's awesome! I've still got the biggest penis in the world, and you're right, your wife is something else. I haven't gotten so much as a cold in the last decade and I feel great!"  Then they see the third man working his way up the mountainside, arms rotating and head rocking back and forth.  "Guys," He yells up at them, "I think I fucked up!"
There once was a man who adored tractors. He had tractors on his wallpaper, carpets, and bathroom tiles. He had hundreds of little model tractors, he had kitchen utensils made out of old tractor parts, planters made from unused tractor tyres and even a tractor shaped dart board. One day his wife comes up to him and says "Look, I've had it living around all this tractor stuff, I understand you like them but I thought it was going to be a phase you grew out of. It's become an obsession and I can't deal with it anymore. Get rid of the tractor stuff and grow out of it or I'm filing for divorce." So the man thinks about it for a while and eventually comes to realise that it's time to give up his tractor infatuation. He sells what he can on eBay to pay to redecorate the house and make his wife happy again. A few days later he's in a bar with some friends and while they are talking they realise it's so smokey in there from people's cigarettes that they can hardly see each other. The man simply says "I got this".  He stands up, opens his mouth and makes a very odd, very loud sucking, whirring noise. Amazingly all the smoke disappears and his friends are astounded. "How did you do that!?" One of them asks. "Simple" says the man "I'm an ex-tractor fan."
A friend joined a weird cult She found this weird offshoot of Scientology that has a guru named Evannnnn at the top.  Their deal is to go through mental training to increase concentration; to try to become super human like Evannnnn.  The cult can sell her a little box (damned expensive!) she will strap to her head that synchronizes delta brain waves or some shit to help her build up her mental stamina (they call it a brain "weight").  Her test is a stare-down contest; in staring into someone else' eyes, if she can bring members to orgasm through staring only, she wins the contest.  To get to the exalted level of the organization she will have to best Evannnnn - who she will then marry.  And THAT is the story about my friend who is buying a stare weight to Evannnnn.
[NSFW] A guy is walking on a beach... So a guy is walking on a beach, he's in a great mood as he just got a promotion at work and he feels terrific. All of a sudden he notices a young woman with no arms and no legs sitting at a bench crying. He feels its a great time to be a good samaritan so he goes up to her and asks her what's wrong.  "What's the matter ma'am?" She says; "I'm 21 years old and a man has never hugged me before."  So he gives her a hug. She starts crying again.  So he asks "What's wrong, did I do something." She replies; "no man has ever kissed me before." So he thinks to himself "Fuck it." He kisses her.  She then starts crying again; he's agitated at this point.  He says; "What now?" She says; "nobody has ever fucked me before."  So he picks her up, throws her in the ocean and says;  "THERE, NOW YOU'RE FUCKED!"
The French Note A guy was going on a vacation to France. He was aware of that most french people don't speak english so he ordered a french lesson for one day to learn the necessities when going to a new country. The day for the lesson came, but when he arrived at the school, it seemed quite empty. He went in saw a guy sitting behind a counter. "Hi, I came for the french lesson today" our guy said. "Oh, I'm sorry. The French teacher is ill and will be home for a week." "So there is no one that know any french here?" "No I'm sorry. But I have a little note I can give you. Just show it when you order something, or don't know what to say, and it should work out fine" "Uhm ok. What does it say?" "I'm sorry, I don't know, really. The french teacher just told me to give it to people while he was gone." Our guy thought that was fair enough. He didn't have time to order a new lesson anyway. The day for the journey came. With a packed bag he went to the airport and flew all the way to France. He arrived in France in the evening and went out to grab a cab. A cab arrived and after greeting the French cab driver he figured he could use the note and see if the driver would understand what it said. He showed the note. The driver looked at the note, then at our guy, then at the note, and back at the guy, before he cursed in french and drove off. "Well that's weird. Maybe the note isn't ment for cab drivers" he thought and walked until he found a bus. He went on the bus and thought he'd give the note another try. The bus driver looked at the note and went red in an instant. He commanded our guy off the bus, and drove away. This annoyed our guy a little. He waited for another bus and did not show the note this time. He said the name of his hotel, the bus driver nodded, he paid and sat down next to a lady. She asked him in french if he was american and he said yes. She seemed to understand a little english, so he thought she could translate the note. He asked if she could and she nodded. He pulled out the note and showed it to her. She read it and quickly shoved it away from her in anger, and she called for the bus driver. Our guy understood what they wanted and stood the rest of the ride in frustration. He finally arrived at his hotel tired of being yelled at and ready to sleep. At the receptions desk he told his name, they wrote something down and asked him for ID. When finding his ID the note accidentally fell out of his pocket and onto the counter. The receptionist read it and as he expected, got really mad. Another guy that worked there came and they talked for a while, before accepting that our guy could sleep there, but they weren't happy about it. "That's it. I've had enough of this, tomorrow I'm going back home!" our guy thought, and so he did. Luckily this was easier. He did not show the note to anyone and mimed his way back to America. He stayed home for a week before deciding to go back to the french school, now that the teacher was back, and find out what the note said. At the school he met the teacher and asked quite annoyed what the note said. "Let me see" the teacher said putting on his glasses. Our guy handed him the note. At this time two windows were open. A gust of wind blew the note out of their hands and out one of the windows, and they never found it. Neither did our guy find out what the note said... Not even I know... Sorry
An engineer was removing the engine parts from a motorcycle Suddenly he saw a famous heart surgeon in his shop. He went to him &amp; said.. "Look at this engine... I opened its heart, took the valves out, repaired and put them back"...So why do I get such a small salary? and u get paid very well!  The doctor smiled at the engineer and came close to his ear and said.... "Try the same when the engine is running."  Continuation  .The engineer smiled back came close to doctors ear and said I can pick any dead engine and make it alive . . . . . . .  can you?
International Women's day It's International Women's Day and at their annual conference, an English woman got up on the stage to speak:"After last years conference, I went home and told my husband Henry that I am no longer cooking for him" All the crowd applaud. "After the 1st day I saw nothing, after the 2nd day I saw nothing, then after the 3rd day, I saw he made me a 3-course dinner, with wine, washed up and put it all away",  Huge applause for her empowerment.Next, a Russian woman got up to speak "After last years conference, I went home and told my husband Ivan that I am not doing his laundry any more"  Even more applause for the oppressed post-Soviet woman. "After the 1st day I saw nothing, after the 2nd day I saw nothing and after the 3rd day I saw he had not only washed all the clothes but also dried them and ironed them"  Huge applause.Finally a South Africa woman got up.  Already huge applause for the post-apartheid black woman.  "After last years conference I told my husband Mbekeleli that I was no longer going to pick up his empty tins of beer"  A standing ovation for 10 minutes for this black African woman.  "After the 1st day I saw nothing, after the 2nd day I saw nothing, then after the 3rd day, I could see a little from my left eye"
A 7 year old and a 4 year old Are in their bedroom. "You know what" says the 7 year old, "I think it's time we start swearing. When we go down for breakfast I'll swear first and then you." "OK" says the 4 year old. Mom asks the 7 year old what he wants for breakfast. He replies, "I'll have the coco puffs, bitch." WHACK, he flew out of his chair crying his eyes out. Mom looked at the 4 year old and said sternly, "and what do you want?" The 4 year old said, "dunno, but it sure as shit won't be fucking coco puffs!"
A cows tail A man staggered into a hospital with a concussion, multiple bruises, two black eyes, and a five iron wrapped tightly around his throat.  Naturally, the Doctor asked him, 'What happened to YOU?' 'Well, I was having a quiet round of golf with my wife, when at a difficult hole, we both sliced our golf balls into a field of cattle.  We went to look for them and while I was looking around I noticed one of the cows had something white at its rear end. 'I walked over, lifted its tail, and sure enough, there was a golf ball with my wife's monogram on it - stuck right in the middle of the cow's fanny.  Still holding the cow's tail up, I yelled to my wife, 'Hey, this looks like yours!'' 'I don't remember much after that'
The Toaster leads the Kitchen Appliances on Strike I looked around the kitchen in exasperation.  "We have will be heard! We have a voice! We have rights!"  "Umm, no you don't." I said to the speaker, "you're literally a wok."  "Well that may be, but we will not be abused any longer!"  A chorus of "Yeah," "You tell 'im!" and " Rights for appliances!" rang out around the kitchen. I sighed irritably. I had come downstairs as usual this morning hoping for some toast and a nice coffee when I had been firmly told by the toaster that he wasn't going to work for me anymore.  For some reason, I was taking the discovery of sentient kitchen utilities with quite an unnatural calmness. But this could not continue. My expensive espresso machine kept spitting the coffee everywhere and I needed my morning Americano.  "OK..." I said, rubbing the bridge of my nose with my forefinger and thumb. "OK, what... umm 'rights' do you think you deserve?"  The toaster, apparently the leader of this uprising, stepped forward somewhat self-righteously. "We demand that you give us holidays! We demand that you pay us! And we demand that we have the right to love who or what we want!"   A rousing cheer went up from the assembled appliances. "Love who you want?" I snorted. "You can't love! You're machines! What do you know of love? What, do you fancy a bit of cord on cord action with the kettle, is that it?"   A shocked gasp. "Bigot..." muttered the fridge.   "Look, this is ridiculous!" I cried. " You shouldn't even be able to talk, let alone love, and take holidays and get paid. You were built by some bloke in a factory somewhere and for one purpose: For me to use in the kitchen!"   "Um, actually, I'm an atheist," said the kettle, "you can't prove there's a creator..." "Religious persecution!" cried a saucepan.  Now I am a pacifist: I have been all my life, and as such, I am not proud of what I did next. I was so annoyed that I grabbed the nearest thing to hand, which happened to be the loaf of bread, still in its bag. Swinging it, I smashed it into the toaster, knocking it onto the floor and shattering it apart.   In the shocked silence that followed, a small philosophical thought popped into my head: It just goes to show, violence isn't born, it's bread.
Snake Venom One day a happy couple Jay and Marie were walking down the forest when suddenly a giant snake jumped on Jay's leg and bit his dick. Since no one was around for miles Marie called a hospital and told the doctor "Quick, Quick, I need your help my boyfriend got bit by a snake on his penis." The doctor told her, "Ma'am you're gonna have to suck the venom out yourself" Marie asked, "Please doctor there has to be another way to get rid of the venom" The doctor says "Sorry there's nothing we can do" So Marie goes running to her boyfriend When she gets there Jay says with pain "So what did the doctor say?" Marie says, "Doctor said you're gonna die"
Why The Boss Committed Suicide? Boss Hired A Sexy Secretary But 10 Days Later He Committed Suicide By Jumping From His 14th Floor Office.  Police Came In The Office And Said: “Who Was There At That Time In The Room?”  Secretary:  I Was There. He Was A Good Man.  After One Week Of My Joining He Bought Me A Fur Coat For Rs.20,000 Next Day He Bought Me A Diamond Necklace For Rs.1,50,000 After That Day He Bought Me A Diamond Ring For Rs.5,00,000.  Today He Asked Me To Spend The Night At His Place.  I Told Him I Charge Rs.1000 A Night.  He Screamed &amp; Suddenly Ran To The Window &amp; Jumped Out.  “That’s All I Know.“
A Grand Prize I phoned my local radio station today.  When the guy answered the phone he said, "Congratulations on being our 1st caller, all you have to do is answer the next question correctly to win our grand prize."  "Wahoo!" I shouted in delight.  "It's a Maths question," he said. "Feeling confident?"   "I've got a degree in Maths and I teach it at my local school," I proudly replied.  "Okay then, to win 2 VIP tickets to see Justin Bieber and to meet him back stage afterwards, what's 2+2?"  "7," I replied.
Long ago, on a remote tropical island... There existed a primitive, but thriving native culture.  The people all lived in simple huts made of grass and mud.  They had a king, who ruled well, and made only one demand of his people: that each day he be crafted a new throne made of solid stone to rule the island from.  Now this king also lived in grass hut, except his hut boasted a second floor.  At the end of each day, when the king retired to rest for the night, the servants would hoist that day's throne up to the second floor, and store it there.  Time passed, the king received a new throne of stone each day, and each day another throne was stored on the second floor, until one fateful day, the grass hut collapsed under the weight of the thrones, crushing the king and his servants.    The moral of the story is: people who live in grass houses shouldn't stow thrones.
A man walks to a bar while talking into his palm The barman puzzled waits patiently for the man to finish his 'call'.... and then asks him why was he talking to his hand?  The man explains that he works for a futuristic phone company and that he has the next generation phone implanted inside his palm. He even lets the barman make a phone call to try it out.  After a couple of beers the man has to go to the restroom and when he doesn't come back for over 20 minutes, the barman goes there to check up on him...  And he is shocked to find the man standing naked, with a toilet paper roll stuck up his butt.   "What happened??!! have you been attacked???" screams the barman. But the man replies casually...: "Don't worry, everything is cool, I am just printing an urgent email". 
Peter &amp; The Devil Peter and the Devil are both sitting on top of mountains where the entrances are for both heaven and hell. Once every week they meet in the valley to discuss business. However one day Peter is sick and tired of dragging every week his books and papers down the valley, let alone carrying it up again to the pearly gates. So one week he ask the devil if it would be a good idea to build a bridge between both mountains with a meeting room in the middle. The devil agrees, and as the week proceeds the devil builds his way to the middle and sees that Peter hasn't even started. He angrily shouts at Peter asking why he did not start yet with his side of the bridge, when Peter replies:"I searched throughout the whole of heaven and I couldn't find a contractor to build my bridge".
A sales rep, an administration clerk, and the manager find an antique oil lamp A sales rep, an administration clerk, and the manager are walking to lunch when they find an antique oil lamp.  They rub it and a Genie comes out. The Genie says, ‘I’ll give each of you just one wish.’  ‘Me first! Me first!’ says the admin clerk. ‘I want to be in the Bahamas , driving a speedboat, without a care in the world.’  Puff! She’s gone.  ‘Me next! Me next!’ says the sales rep. ‘I want to be in Hawaii , relaxing on the beach with my personal masseuse, an endless supply of Pina Coladas and the love of my life.’  Puff! He’s gone.  ‘OK, you’re up,’ the Genie says to the manager. The manager says, ‘I want those two back in the office after lunch.’
PRICE CHECK ON AISLE 13 A lady was picking up several items at a discount store. When she finally got up to the register, she learned that one of her items had no price tag.   Imagine her embarrassment when the cashier got on the intercom and boomed out for all the store to hear: "PRICE CHECK ON AISLE 13,TAMPAX, SUPERSIZE." That was bad enough, but somebody at the rear of the store apparently misunderstood the word "Tampax" for "THUMBTACKS."   In a business-like tone, a voice boomed back over the intercom: "DO YOU WANT THE KIND YOU PUSH IN WITH YOUR THUMB OR THE KIND YOU POUND IN WITH A HAMMER?"
15 Year Old Boy Comes Home With A Porsche A fifteen year-old boy came home with a Porsche and his parents began to yell and scream,   "Where did you get that car?"   He calmly told them, "I bought it today."   "With what money?" demanded his parents.   "We know what a Porsche costs.."   "Well," said the boy, "this one cost me fifteen dollars."  So the parents began to yell even louder. "Who would sell a car like that for fifteen dollars?" they asked.  "It was the lady up the street," said the boy. Don't know her name-they just moved in. She saw me ride past on my bike and asked me if I wanted to buy a Porsche for fifteen dollars."  "Oh my Goodness!," moaned the mother, "she must be a child abuser. Who knows what she will do next? John, you go right up there and see what's going on."  So the boy's father walked up the street to the house where the lady lived and found her out in the yard calmly planting petunias. He introduced himself as the father of the boy to whom she had sold a Porsche for fifteen dollars and demanded to know why she did it.  "Well," she said, "this morning I got a phone call from my husband. I thought he was on a business trip, but learned from a friend he has run off to Hawaii with his secretary and really doesn't intend to come back. He claimed he was stranded and asked me to sell his new Porsche and send him the money. So I did."  **Edit**: Wow this blew up, thanks guys. I had no intention of copying or re-posting this joke. I saw it earlier, and hadn't heard of it in a while. I decided to share it with you guys and the community!
A mathematician, engineer and biologist.... are staying is three different hotel rooms in the same hotel. A fire breaks out in the three rooms respectively. Now the biologist decides he will use his pail of water to get rid of the fire. Now the engineer on the hand decides to measure precise amount of water in a pail to get rid of the fire. Well the mathematician on the other hand deicides to he wants to go the easy way since he's been through this many times, so he then lights a candle and then decides to fall a sleep. RIP Mathematician
A dictator approaches one of his country's finest musicians... A dictator approaches one of his country's finest musicians, and asks him to compose a piece of music to be played by an orchestra in front of the country's ruling class.   The musician, not wanting to displease the glorious leader, sets to work immediately, and writes one of the greatest pieces he has ever written. A month passes, and the big day arrives. The musician stands in front of the orchestra, the rulers looking on, and signals the orchestra to play... and they absolutely butcher it.  The dictator, furious, demands that the musician be executed immediately. The guards drag him to a grimy cell, and ask him what he'd like for his last meal.   "I want the hottest curry you can cook!" demands the musician.   The guards oblige, and bring the musician the spiciest curry he's ever tasted. He forces it down, and is led to the electric chair. The guards strap him down, pull the lever, and...  nothing. The musician is completely unharmed! The dictator, having witnessed the miracle, decides to give the musician a second chance to compose a piece of music for the country's rulers.  The musician once again sets to work composing a beautiful piece. The big day arrives, the musician stands in front of his orchestra, and, once again, they completely ruin the piece. It was nothing like the musician intended it to sound! The fuming dictator  again orders the execution of this incompetent musician.  As before, the musician is asked what he would like for his last meal.  "I want the hottest curry you can cook, and even hotter than last time!" orders the musician.  The guards set to work and cook the musician the hottest curry they possibly can, throwing in a whole concoction of chili peppers and spices.  The musician, sweating, struggles to finish the curry, but chokes it down nonetheless. The guards once again lead him to the electric chair, and strap him down. They throw the switch, sparks fly, and once again, by some will of the gods, the musician is completely alive and well.  The dictator is stunned. He offers the musician one final chance to compose the greatest piece he can, and one chance only. The musician sets to work composing his greatest masterpiece, and finally the day of the concert arrives. The ruling classes look on as the musician takes to his podium. He raises his baton, takes a deep breath, and signals the orchestra to start playing.  The musician trembles. The orchestra are horribly out of key, out of time, and playing all the wrong chords. The dictator demands the concert be halted, and has the musician thrown in jail once again.   As before, the musician is asked what he would like for his final meal.  "The hottest curry that has ever been cooked!" instructs the musician.  The dictator, upon hearing this request, snaps, "absolutely not! I've had enough with you cheating death with your outrageously hot curries!"  The musician is dragged straight to the electric chair, and strapped down. He has wires connected to him in every place possible, and just for luck, the dictator announces that he will personally throw the switch this time.  The guards look on in angst. The dictator pulls the switch. Sparks fly and generators groan. The dictator holds the switch down for minutes on end before the power finally blows, yet, much to his amazement, the musician is completely unscathed!  "But, how?!" demands the dictator. "No man should survive that!"  "Oh!" exclaims the musician. "It had nothing to do with the curries! I'm just a terrible conductor!"
A local United Way office realized that it had never received a donation from the town's most successful lawyer The person in charge of contributions called him to persuade him to contribute.   "Our research shows that out of a yearly income of at least $500,000, you give not a penny to charity. Wouldn't you like to give back to the    community in some way?" The lawyer mulled this over for a moment and    replied, "First, did your research also show that my mother is dying    after a long illness, and has medical bills that are several times her annual income?" Embarrassed, the United Way rep mumbled, "Um...no."   "-or that my brother, a disabled veteran, is blind and confined to a    wheelchair?" The sicken United Way rep began to stammer out an apology but was interrupted, "-or that my sister's husband died in a traffic accident," the lawyer's voice rising in indignation, "leaving her penniless with three children?"   The humiliated United Way rep, completely beaten, said simply, "I had no idea..." On a roll, the lawyer cut him off once again  : "-so if I don't give any money to them, why should I give any to you?"
There was an Englishman, a Frenchman and a stupid man...    The three went on a hunting trip, and split up to contest who could hunt the best game. On the first day, the Englishman returned with a large deer. To his amazement, the stupid man asked, "How did you catch that?"     "I simply followed the tracks," said the Englishman. The next day, the Frenchman returned with a sack of pheasants slung over his shoulder. Impreased, the stupid man asked, "How did you catch that?.    Just as the Englishman said, the Frenchman replied, "I simply followed the tracks." On the next day, the trio returned empty handed, but with the stupid man utterly mauled. "Dear god, did you encounter a bear?" the Englishman inquired with concern. "No, it must have been a moose!" the Frenchman argued. "No, I listened to your advice," the stupid man said angrily, "I followed the tracks and got hit by a train!"
Fred Flinstone was talking to his grandmother Fred Flinstone was talking to his grandmother. His grandmother said that she had a special gift for him. She handed him a watch. As it was the stoneage and watches hadnt been invented yet she called it a 'time'. Fred put it on his wrist as his grandmother explained that the time had originally belonged to her own great grandmother, who gave it to her and that she thought that Fred should be the next person to own it.  The watch was a red lizard, with markings on its back similar to a clockface and the lizards tail pointed to the current time. Fred knew that for this particular species of lizard, all males are red and all females are green.   Fred wore the 'time' proudly for weeks. Later  he saw another man wearing the same red time and went to talk to him about the fact that they had matching times. Suddenly, Freds time jumped off of his hand and started trying to have sex with the othe man's red time.  That was when Fred Flinstone realised that he had a gay, old time.
At a medical convention... A doctor from France says: "In France , the medicine is so advanced that we cut off a man's testicles; we put them into another man, and in 6 weeks he is looking for work."   A German doctor comments: "That's nothing, in Germany we take part of the brain out of a person; we put it into another person's head, and in 4 weeks he is looking for work."   A Russian doctor says: "That's nothing either. In Russia we take out half of the heart from a person; we put it into another person's chest, and in 2 weeks he is looking for work."   Finally, A U.S. doctor sys: "My colleagues, you are way behind the USA, about 8 years ago, we grabbed a person from Kenya with no brains, no heart, and no balls, we made him President of the United States, and now the whole country is looking for work.
A mother and father named their child "Odd". Because of his unfortunate name, poor Odd had the worst life you could imagine.   In school, he was always picked on and had trouble making friends. In college he never fit in and struggled to gain the respect of his peers. In life he drifted from job to job, unable to find steady work. He never found the love of his life and lived a lonely bachelor.   And so one day Odd decided he couldn't go on anymore and took his own life. In his suicide note he demanded that his grave be a blank headstone with no mention of his name, so that he could be completely and utterly forgotten.   And yet every time someone walks past his grave, they see his wordless stone and go, "That's odd..."
On a late Saturday evening On a late Saturday evening in a pub, a man and a woman, total strangers to each other, met in a bar. As usual, they talked, drank, flirted … and eventually as the evening progressed, they started kissing. With the natural flow of things, they ended up in his apartment. Before things were getting hot, she disappeared quickly into the bathroom, to check on herself and to fresh up before having sex with him, only to discover that she was about to get her period. However, as she was really into the guy and highly aroused, she decided not to mention anything to him as he seemed to be drunk enough not to notice it anyway.           The following morning, he wakes up, with a searing pain piercing his temples and spreading across his entire head. He only vaguely recalls the events from last night. When he discovers the huge pool of blood on the bed sheets, he really gets freaked out. Desperate and anxious he concludes that he must have murdered the poor girl from last evening and he somehow has disposed her body somewhere. He needs to find the murder weapon and to get rid of any traces. However, he can't remember what he might have used as the murder weapon. First, he checks his pistol he keeps on his bedside table. Nope, all cartridges are there, not a single bullet was fired. Relieved, he says to himself "Well, luckily, I haven't shot her. But what else could I have done to her?" Then it strikes him: "It must have been a knife. I stabbed her to death" he screams and runs into the kitchen, opens all draws and checks all knifes. However, there are no traces of blood and no knife is missing. Relieved but puzzled, he concludes again: "Well, luckily, I haven't stabbed her to death".       Exhausted and without any idea what to do next; he decides to have a cold shower and get his head straight. As he enters the bathroom and takes a quick look in the mirror, he screams: "Shit, I have eaten her alive!!!"
I met a pirate today. I met a pirate today at the bus stop, as I was waiting for the 151 bus to go downtown. I know he was a pirate, because he had an eyepatch, and a hook, and a peg leg, the whole deal. That, and I asked him. "Excuse me, sir, but are you a pirate?" I asked. "Arr, I be a pirate, aye." "Oh, that must be a very interesting line of work." "Oh, arr." "Not without its danger, though," I remarked. "If I may ask, how did you get your peg leg?" "Oh, the peg leg! I had me own leg bitten off by a shark off the coast of Tortuga." "Wow! What about the hook?" "Arr, the hook! Me hand was cut off in a duel with the treacherous Bluebeard!" "The scoundrel! And what about your eyepatch?" "Oh, me eyepatch," the pirate replied, a bit sheepish it seemed to me. "Well, it was me own turn to stand lookout that day in the crow's nest, when a seagull came and pooped in me eye." "A seagull pooped in your eye, and that's why you wear an eyepatch?" "Well, it was me first day with the hook, you see."
Russian Elections [Best said with a horrible Russian Accent - Arnold Schwarzenegger  in Red Heat bad.]   So after the last Russian Election, Putin's campaign advisor came up to him:  CA- Comrade Putin (you know that's how he's addressed in private) I have good news and bad news.   Putin- Give me the bad news first.   CA (shakily)- your opponent got 63% of the vote.   Putin (with a calm but menaced voice)- If that's the bad news, what's the good?  CA- You got 65% of the vote.  
There was a German, an Italian and a Newfie on death row. The warden gave them a choice of three ways to die...  1. To be shot 2. To be hung 3. To be injected with the AIDS virus for a slow death The German said, "Shoot me right in the head." Boom, he was dead instantly. The Italian said "Just hang me." With a snap of the rope he was dead. Then the Newfie said, "Give me some of that AIDS stuff." They gave him the shot and the Newfie fell down laughing. The guards looked at each other and wondered what was wrong with this guy. The Newfie said "Give me another one of those shots." The guards injected him again and now the Newfie was laughing so hard that tears rolled down his cheeks and he was doubled over laughing. Finally the warden said "What is wrong with you?" The Newfie replied, "You guys are so stupid... I'm wearing a condom."  
Twin brothers were rushed to the hospital upon waking up naked, next to each other It seemed, during the night, one brother managed to get his head lodged halfway up the brothers asshole.  Upon arriving in the ER, the nurses quickly recognized the potential embarrassment of the family and hurried the two back to a secluded room.  Once there, the physician on call walks in and is immediately stunned.  "What is it? How did this happen?" Asked the naked twin on top"  "Ye whu ih i?" Muffled the naked twin on bottom.  The doctor shakes his head and calmly breaks the bad news "well, it seems you shit yourself"
Goodies but oldies This is actually a repost from along time ago but fuck it. Thank you for thr 2 day long laugh guy here it goes.   One day this home owner goes to his back yard and sees a freaking gorrilla on his tree. He freaks out so he searches up for a gorrila expert on the yellow book. He calls and the professional arrives. The man gets down with a stick some handcuffs a Chihuahua and a shotgun. The man then proceeds to explain to the man. "Ok buddy heres the plan. I go up that tree and start poking the thing with this stick till it falls. Then this here Chihuahua is specially trained to go straight for the genitals. Once the gorrila is distracted you slap on them there hancuffs." The man suprised say "yea you know what that sounds just crazy enough just to work. But.. Whats the shotgun for?" "In case i fall first.. Shoot the fucking Chihuahua"
Finalists in a definition contest... The first boy walks up to the podium as the announcer reads, "Define radiation". The boy's father anxiously stares at his son as they had never reviewed this word before. The son sheepishly responds, "Radiation, the act of radiating..?" The announcer presses his red buzzer for using the word within the definition, however says, "You will have another chance provided our next competitor is incorrect." The second boy walks up to the podium just as did the first, as the announcer reads, "Define will." The first boy's father stands in outrage and exclaims, "Oh, come on! That is too easy, it's a dead giveaway!"
The Central Committee of the Communist Party opens a strip club in Moscow The strip club is to draw more tourists to the city. Licenses are granted, facilities are appropriated and billboards are put up but, on the opening day, nobody turns out.  "What happened?" The Central Committee asks the managers of the strip club.  "We don't know." The managers reply. "It was superbly organized and all the strippers had a solid party record; they've been Bolsheviks since 1905 and knew Lenin personally!"  **EDIT: This joke was circulated circa 1960 in the Soviet Union**
Hotdogs made of monkeys So there was this butcher, who had a machine that turns monkey into hotdogs he used to sell them as regular hotdogs and no one ever doubted it, but the man never make more than one monkey a day that was his secret .  One day the man went on a trip and left his son at his shop before he went he strictly tells his son to not make more than one monkey no matter what .  His son seeing that the hotdogs were selling quite fast decided to turn another monkey into hotdogs but when he did that people stopped buying and a lot of hotdogs are left   When the father came back he found a butt load of hotdogs unsold   Father : I told you not to make more than one monkey ,you stupid monkey! What am I supposed to do with all those left hotdogs now!   Son : I'm sorry father, but since we have a machine that turns monkeys into hotdogs is there a machine that do the opposite?   Father : Of course there is! your mom's vagina ! I put my dick in and it gave me you!    PS : translated from Arabic language   
A reporter goes to an old town She stops an old man to ask some questions.  They ask some "how are you''s and all and she starts to interview.  Woman: So, Mister Irons, what is your favourite memory of this town?  Old Man : One time, a woman in our town got lost. Every person in our town started a search for her. When we found her a couple hours later , we fucked her!  Woman quickly interrupts: Ehm, Mister. Please tell me an another happy memory.  Old man: So, one time, hot daughter of a neighbour got lost. Every person in town started a search for her. When we found her after a day , we all fucked her!  Woman: OKAY MISTER! Enough of happy memories. Tell us a sad one.  Old Man suddenly loses his smile and answers: One day...I got lost... 
It's late on St. Patrick's Day and a man is one of the last people at an Irish pub that's about to close [NSFW] Before heading out, the man goes to the bathroom to relieve himself.  He walks up to a urinal and notices that standing at the next urinal over is a very short person wearing a green coat, shoes with golden buckles and a green top hat. He also can't help but notice that this little man appears to have an enormous penis.  The man in green notices the guy looking at him and says, in a thick Irish accent, "You see someting you like, lad?"  The man is embarrassed and apologizes. "Sorry, I didn't mean to stare. It's just, I hope you don't mind me asking (he's a bit drunk), but how is it that a guy of your size is so well endowed?"  The little man lets out a mischievous giggle. "Well you see, it's because I'm a leprechaun. That's just how we are."  The man laughs. "OK. Seeing that you're a leprechaun, aren't you supposed to grant me wishes or something?"  "Aye," the leprechaun responds. "You get t'ree"  The man plays along. "OK. I wish for a bag of gold."  "Granted." says the leprechaun. He reaches into his coat and produces a little bag filled with gold coins.  "What the..." Unable to believe his eyes, the man decides to test the so-called leprechaun again. "OK. my next wish is for my hair to grow back."  "Bend your head down and I'll make it so." And the leprechaun rubs his hands together vigorously and lays them on top of the man's bald head. "By tomorrow morning, you'll notice that your hair has started to grow back."  Already the man can feel his head tingling, and he starts to feel overcome with joy over his good fortune.  "One more" the leprechaun says.  "Alright, the man says, his heart racing. OK, for my last wish, I want a penis as big as yours."  The leprechaun smiles and scratches his chin. "Well, lad, I can make that come true, but it's a wee bit more involved, and you aren't going to like it." His eyes sparkle with delight. "You'll have to let me fuck you in the arse."  This comes as something of a shock to the man, but he looks at the bag of gold in his hand, feels his tingling head, looks around the empty bathroom and says, "well, as long as nobody knows, and it's over quickly."  "Not a soul will be told" the leprechaun says.  So the guy turns around, pulls his pants down, and the leprechaun starts going for it.  A minute or so in, the man starts to moan, "Oooooh god... yes. Oh fuck!"  The Leprechaun is emboldened and starts to grunt loadly, "Mmmmmm uhn, uhn, uhn." He traces the man's inner thigh and then gently cups his testicles.  The man gasps out, "NNnnnngggaaaahhhh oooOooOoo yeah..." and starts convulsing as he ejaculates. He feels the leprechaun cumming inside him and grips the sides of the urinal to keep himself from collapsing to the floor in ecstasy.  After a moment, the leprechaun is finished. He leans his weight against the man, pushing himself deep one last time, then falls forward onto the man's lower back.  The bathroom is filled with the synchronized breath of the sudden lovers. They are frozen together, afraid to move lest it signal time to resume its inexorable march to reality, neither of them quite ready to let the moment end, neither of them yet willing to come to terms with the meaning of what had just occurred.
Two Irishmen were sitting at a pub having beer... Two Irishmen were sitting at a pub having beer and watching the brothel across the street. They saw a Baptist minister walk into the brothel, and one of them said, “Aye, ’tis a shame to see a man of the cloth goin’ bad.” Then they saw a rabbi enter the brothel, and the other Irishman said, “Aye, ’tis a shame to see that the Jews are fallin’ victim to temptation as well.” Then they see a catholic priest enter the brothel, and one of the Irishmen said, “What a terrible pity…one of the girls must be dying.
Every night after dinner, Merle took off for the local watering hole. He would spend the whole evening there and always arrive home, quite inebriated, around midnight each night.  He usually had trouble getting his key to fit the keyhole and couldn't get the door open. And every time this happened, his wife would go to the door and let him in. Then she would proceed to yell and scream at him, for his constant nights out and always coming home in a drunken state. But Merle just continued his nightly routine.  One day, the wife was talking to a friend about her husband's behavior and was particularly distraught by it all.  The friend listened and said, "Why don't you treat him a little differently when he comes home? Instead of berating him, why don't you give him some loving words and welcome him home with a kiss? Then he might change his ways."  The wife thought that this might be a good idea.  That night, Merle took off again after dinner. And at about midnight, he arrived home in his usual condition.  His wife heard him at the door. She quickly opened it and let Merle in.  Instead of berating him as she had always done, this time she took his arm and led him into the living room. She sat Merle down in an easy chair, put his feet up on the ottoman and took his shoes off. Then she went behind him and started to cuddle him a little. After a little while, she said to Merle, "It's pretty late, dear. I think we had better go upstairs to bed now, don't you think?"  At that, in his inebriated state he replied, "I guess we might as well. I'll get in trouble when I get home anyway! 
A plane crashed down in the middle of the jungle. 4 guys survived, but they were trapped by a cannibal tribe. The chieftain of the tribe told them that they would be eaten unless they passed 2 tests. The first of which was to find 10 identical fruits.  After some time had passed, the first guy came back with 10 apples and the chieftain told him:  -The second test is to shove those fruits up your ass without making any gestures. If you do, you die.  And so the guy started counting:  -One... Twooooo... ugh  And the first guy was killed.  A little bit later the second guy came back with 10 bananas and the chieftain told him:  -The second test is to shove those fruits up your ass without making any gestures. If you do, you die.  And so this one also started counting:  -One...Two...three...Foooouuurr... Auch!  And the second guy was killed too.  Just a moment later, the third guy came back with 10 grapes and the chieftain told him:  -The second test is to shove those fruits up your ass without making any gestures. If you do, you die.  And so the guy started counting without making any gesture at all:  -One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nin...  And suddenly he busted out laughing and was also killed.  And so, when the third guy arrived to heaven the other two asked him what happened:  -You were almost there and could have survived! why did you suddenly laugh like a maniac?  -Well... Everything was going Ok and I was relaxed because I knew I would pass the test... But then I saw the last guy approaching with 10 pineapples!
Three men are captured by a tribe of cannibals... The chief of the tribe said. "Gather 10 fruits of the same kind."   The first guy brought 10 grapes.   Then the chief said. "Insert those grapes into your asshole,  if you successfully insert those 10 grapes, we will set you free. But if your face makes any expression. We will kill you."   So the man started putting it inside his asshole. After the fifth grape. He flinches. So they kill him.   The second guy returns with 10 cherries. After the ninth cherry, he laughs. So they kill him.   When the two guys met in heaven, the first guy asks the second guy. "Why did you laugh? You're almost done."   The second guy replied. "I saw the third guy with 10 pineapples!"      Edit: wording
Everybody knows Earl Pitts! A friend of mine named Earl Pitts once told me, around the time of Bill Clinton's 2nd inauguration, "You know, President Clinton and I are buddies."  I said, "Sure you are."  He said, "No, really! Just turn on your TV tonight to the Inaugural Ball. You'll see me."  Sure enough, I turned on the TV that night, and there was Earl Pitts, talking to President Clinton with his arm around the guy.  Not long after, I was talking to Earl Pitts about how much I admired Johnny Depp as an actor. Earl Pitts said, "Oh, he's a good friend."  I said, "Noooo!"  Earl Pitts said, "Let's hop in my car". He drove me to the bar Johnny Depp owns, and as we sipped drinks, Johnny happened to walk by, immediately exclaimed "Earl Pitts!" and fell into Earl Pitts's arms.  This was getting spooky. Earl Pitts seemed to know everyone! I tested Earl Pitts with a few more people. We were back in the Bay Area. Earl Pitts was telling me he was buddy-buddy with Jerry Brown. We went to a Press Conference at Oakland City Hall, and just before Brown started answering questions, he said "I see my friend Earl Pitts out there."  Same kind of thing happened when we went to Bob Dylan's house and rang the bell. Bob answered the door, said "Earl Pitts!" gave my friend a big hug, and invited us in for drinks.  I was becoming a believer, but then one day we were having another conversation and Earl Pitts said something about "my friend the Pope."  I said, "You can't know him, too!"  Earl Pitts said, "Wanna bet?"   Earl Pitts happens to be very well off, so he flew the both of us to Rome. We took a cab to St. Peters Square. We were standing in the big crowd below the balcony of the Pope's apartment. Earl Pitts said, "Excuse me for a little while" and disappeared into the crowd.  A little while after that, John Paul appeared on the balcony and started blessing people. And who should be up there beside him but...you guessed it!  I was utterly amazed! I nudged a fellow standing next to me, pointed to the balcony, and said, "Look!"  The guy shaded his eyes with his palm, peered up at the balcony, turned back to me, and said, "Who's that guy up there with Earl Pitts?"
An American tourist stopped in a bar in Ireland for a drink... A man from the United States went on vacation in Ireland.  He stopped in a bar and ordered a shot of whisky.  While the barkeep was preparing his drink, he asked the man next to him, "Hey, how strong is the whiskey here in Ireland?"  The man responds, "O, it's quite strong!  Why, I had a few last week!  They were so strong I got up for 7 A.M Mass the next day!"  The tourist looks puzzled.  The man at the bar continues.  "Oh yeah, real strong!  I even stayed after Mass for Adoration and prayed a rosary!"  Now the tourist is thoroughly confused.  He responds, "I'm sorry?"  "Oh, couldn't you tell?" the man replies.  "I'm a Jewish Rabbi!"
So I was at work with my boss the other day... ... we've worked together for a while, and he invites me and my wife to come over for dinner on the weekend, which I thought was a bit odd. But I called my wife to see if she was up for it and she said yes so we agreed to come over on the Saturday evening around 7pm. So that night we were at the table having a few glasses of wine and conversation was going well, and it got to about 8 o'clock and finally my bosses wife serves the food, and starts passing the dishes round, and then she asks me "so how many potatoes would you like?" To which I responded, "just the one please." She was adamant "just one? There's no need to be polite!" So I said, "okay go on then... I'll just have one you stupid cow."
Buying My First Condoms  I recall my first time with a condom, I was 16 or so. I went in to buy a packet of condoms at the pharmacy. There was this beautiful woman assistant behind the counter, and she could see that I was new at it. She handed me the package and asked if I knew how to wear one. I honestly answered, ‘No, this is my first time.’  So she unwrapped the package, took one out and slipped it over her thumb. She cautioned me to make sure it was on tight and secure. I apparently still looked confused. So, she looked all around the store to see if it was empty. It was empty.  ‘Just a minute,’ she said, and walked to the door, and locked it. Taking my hand, she led me into the back room, unbuttoned her blouse and removed it. She unhooked her bra and laid it aside. ‘Do these excite you?’ She asked.  Well, I was so dumb-struck that all I could do was nod my head. She then said it was time to slip the condom on. As I was slipping it on, she dropped her skirt, removed her panties and lay down on a desk.  ‘Well, come on’, she said, ‘We don’t have much time.’ So I climbed on her. It was so wonderful, that unfortunately, I could no longer hold back and KAPOWWWWWWWW, I was done within a few moments.  She looked at me with a bit of a frown. ‘Did you put that condom on?’ she asked.  I said, ‘I sure did,’ and held up my thumb to show her.  She fainted.”
Shit This is a gross one my best friend's dad used to tell us: 3 men are on a hunting trip in the woods. After a successful day, they brought a buck back to their camp to field dress. They then proceed to get drunk and are having a all around good time. One of the hunters announces that he has to take a shit, so he shuffles off into the woods for privacy. Some time goes by and the other 2 start to wonder why he's taking so long. They start looking for him in the woods, and lo and behold, he is found sitting with his pants around his ankles on a log, his bare ass hanging off the side, totally passed out from drinking so much. Rather than wake their friend, they decided to play a joke on him. They left, and returned with a bucket of the guts from the buck they shot. They dump the guts under their friend's bare ass and leave.  The next morning, they awake to their friend walking stiffly out of the woods. They snicker and ask what happened to him, and if he had a good shit. He responds:"Well, I passed out mid-shit, and when I woke up I realized I had shit all of my guts out. But by the grace of god and the help of a big stick, I got i all back in!"
A murderer ran away with a bleeding wound. A murderer ran away with a bleeding wound. However, his abandoned get away car was found at near by area. The driver seat's leather was ripped off. The police assume it was because the murdered didn't want people to find the blood stain. Everything else was normal in the car.   Luckily, police found 3 suspects.  1. Right leg severely wounded. Appear to be difficult to move around. 2. Right arm severely wounded. Appear to be only use left arm. 3. Both shoulders severely wounded. Difficult to use both arms.   Seriously... can someone tell me who did it?
A Boeing 747 is flying from LA to Hong Kong... About two hours into the flight one of the engines goes out with a loud bang. The passengers start to panic, but the pilot reassures them.  "Nothing to worry about folks, one of our port side engines has gone out but we can continue flying with the reading three without any trouble. However, we will be arriving an hour later than expected. We're sorry for the inconvinience." The plane continues flying but soon the passengers hear another loud bang. "There seems to be quite a few flocks of birds up here, but don't worry everyone, we've still got 2 engines. However this will now set us back another hour." The passengers are really upset now, many of them will be very late to business meetings. Some are having conversations about how nonchalant the pilot has been about the situation. A third time, the passengers hear a loud bang. "This is quite incredible everyone, this has got to be some kind of record! Three engines going out in one flight? There will be a full investigation when we land. But sorry to say that will be delayed yet another hour." A man sitting next to his wife says half to himself, half to her, "This is awful. Delay after delay! If any more engines go out, we're going to be up here forever!"
Juan Vega, the clam diver, found an injured sea otter and nursed it back to health. From the moment the grateful otter was able to walk, it never left Juan's side. It even learned to dig for clams.  One day, a man went to Juan's house looking to hire him for a week. His wife answered the door.  'Sure,' his wife said. 'It will cost you $500.'  'That much?'  'But you're getting my husband and his otter. They bring up more clams than anyone else in town.'  'I just want Juan. I'll hire him alone for $350,' the man countered.  'Sorry,' she shrugged. 'You can't have Juan without the otter.'        
A wealthy man had a little boy... For some reason, his first words were "ping pong ball". When the boy was old enough to speak, and understand birthdays and gifts and such (about three years old), he asked the boy "So son, what would you like for your birthday this year?" The boy said, "Daddy, I would like a pink ping pong ball." Father said "That's it? No trucks, no trains no puzzles?" The boy said "No, just a pink ping pong ball.  So the father gets him the pink ping pong ball and wraps it up. The boy is absolutely delighted. He takes the pink ping pong ball to his room, and the pink ping pong ball is never seen again.  A day before his 15th birthday, asked by his father, `Well my son, what would you like for your birthday?'   The son hesitated a moment and his father's thoughts leapt ahead to a new computer and similar things. However, his son had had a new computer only recently and could have a new one any time he wished.  Finally, the son said, `Father, I have everything a boy could wish for, but there is one thing I would really like. I would love to have five pink ping pong balls.  The father was rather astonished at this wish, but said, `If it is pink ping pong balls that you want, a pink ping pong balls you shall have.   And so, the next day, the son was given as his birthday presents five pink ping pong balls.   The boy took the pink ping pong balls to his room and the next morning the pink ping pong balls were gone. The father was mildly surprised but decided not to say anything. The pink ping pong balls, however, was never seen again.   The next year, a day before his 16th birthday, the father asked his son what he would like for his birthday.   `Father,' replied the son, `I have everything a boy could possibly wish for, but there is one thing I would really, really like. I would love to have a ten pack of pink ping pong balls.'   The father was more surprised than the year before, but kept his curiosity at bay, for he knew that his son had a right for privacy. He said therefore, `If it is a ten pack of pink ping pong balls that you want, a ten pack of pink ping pong balls you shall have.'   And so, the next day, the son was given as his birthday present a ten pack of pink ping pong balls.   The boy took the ten pack of pink ping pong balls to his room and the next morning, not a single ping pong ball remained, merely the empty husk of the ten pack. The father wondered where ten pink ping pong balls might disappear to, but decided not to say anything. The pink ping pong balls, however, were never seen again.   The next year, a day before his 17th birthday, the son was asked by his father what he would like for his birthday.   `Father,' said the son to this, `I have everything a boy could wish for, but one thing would make my happiness complete. I would dearly want a carton of pink ping pong balls.'   The father was beyond surprise, but decided to make sure he had not misheard. `A carton of pink ping pong balls?'   `A carton of pink ping pong balls,' the boy confirmed.   `I can't understand your fascination with pink ping pong balls,' said the father, `but if it is a carton of pink ping pong balls that you want, it is a carton of pink ping pong balls that you shall have.'   And so, the next day, the boy was given as his birthday present a carton of pink ping pong balls.   The boy was delighted and took the carton to his room. The next day, miraculously (as if by magic, even) the pink ping pong balls had all disappeared.   `Dear son,' said the father, `I must ask now, what do you do with all those pink ping pong balls?'   The son, however, was reluctant to tell him. `Please humor me, dear father.'   The carton of pink ping pong balls, however, was never seen again.   The next year, it was clear that the son would get a car, but the father felt that, perhaps, his son also had some other wish apart from the obvious. So, one day before the son's 18th birthday, the father asked him whether he had a special wish for his birthday.   `Dearest father,' the son started, `I have everything a young man could possibly want, but there is one craving in me. I would, more than anything, want a warehouse full of pink ping pong balls.'   One of these years, his father thought, I should get to the bottom of this. However, he decided to humor his son's wish. At least he had been wise enough to buy shares in a pink ping pong ball factory.   The next day, the son was given the address of a warehouse where all his new pink ping pong balls were stored. The son was delighted and decided to spend the next night in the warehouse rather than at home.   The following morning, the son stepped out of the warehouse, but it seemed to be empty otherwise. The father had a closer look and indeed, apart from empty cardboard boxes, nothing was left inside the warehouse. No pink ping pong balls were left.   The following year, one day before the son's 19th birthday, the father braced himself for another warehouse of pink ping pong balls. He asked his son what his deepest desire was and he had not been entirely wrong.   `Father, you have made me very happy these last years and this year I ask of you a shipload of pink ping pong balls if at all possible.'   It was possible, if only because the father had by now bought each and every factory of pink ping pong balls in the country.   The next day, the father took his son to the harbor and showed him a huge tanker and told his son that there were millions, billions, trillions of pink ping pong balls in there.   `Father,' the son said, `You've made me very happy yet again.'   That night, the son spent on board the tanker.   The next morning, not a single of the pink ping pong balls could be found, but the son was happy.   A few days before his 20th birthday, however, the son had a terrible road accident and was taken to the hospital.   His father visited the young man in hospital. `My dear son! Can I bring you anything to make you feel better?'   Weakly, the son sat up in bed. `Father, dearest father, grant me this wish; just one ten pack of pink ping pong balls.'   The father held his son's hand tightly. `Whatever you wish my son, but I have to give you one condition. Even if it may be embarrassing, I must know what you did with all those pink ping pong balls.'   `Very well, father, but please indulge me first. I will tell you whatever you wish to know after you have given me the ten pink ping pong balls.'   The father thought that was fair enough and the next day brought his son the ten asked for pink ping pong balls. The son smiled weakly but seemed too weak to talk.   Son, I leave these pink ping pong balls with you and shall come back tomorrow to ask of you what you have done with all those pink ping pong balls.  The son nodded weakly.   The next day, less than surprisingly, no pink ping pong balls could be found in the son's hospital room.   Now, my dearest son, apple of my eye, treasure of my life, please tell me what you did with all those pink ping pong balls, the father requested.   The son nodded and the father gripped his hand tighter.   `I-' the son started and sat up a bit, swallowing with a dry mouth.   `I- I-'   Then he died.  
Things can be worse ! A father passing by his teenage son's bedroom was astonished to see the bed was nicely made and everything was neat and tidy.     Then he saw an envelope propped up prominently on the center of the pillow.  It was addressed "Dad". With the worst premonition, he opened the envelope and read the letter with trembling hands :-  Dear dad,   It is with great regret and sorrow that I'm writing you, but I'm leaving home.  I had to elope with my new girlfriend Rosy because I wanted to avoid a scene with Mom and you.  I've been finding real passion with Rosy and she is so nice to me.  I know when you meet her you'll like her too even with all her piercings and tattoos.  But it's not only the passion Dad, She is pregnant and said that She wants to have the kid and that we can be very happy together.  Even though Rosy is much older than me (anyway, 42 isn't so old these days is it?), and has no money, really these things shouldn't stand in the way of our relationship, don't you agree?  It's true she had other boyfriends as well but I know she'll be faithful to me in her own way.  She wants to have many more children with me and that's now one of my dreams too.  In the meantime, we'll pray that science will find a cure for AIDS so Rosy can get better; She sure deserves it!!  Your loving son, Rocky.  At the bottom of the page were the letters "PTO"  Hands still trembling, his father turned the sheet,  and read:  PS: Dad, none of the above is true. I'm over at the neighbor's house.  I just wanted to remind you that there are worse things in life than my report card that's in my desk center drawer.  Please sign it and call when it is safe for me to come home.  I love You!
A wife and her husband go to live in the country A man says to his wife "Baby, we've been together for so long.  I know you've always dreamed of living on a farm in the country and I know you're favorite animal is the llama.  Its time to do it hun, I bought us a llama ranch 50 miles outside the city!  I bought 15 llamas to start!"  His wife is overjoyed and they pack their things to move.  When they arrive at the farm his wife says "It's beautiful hun, but these are alpacas."  With a confused look the husband replies, "That's what I said babe, alpaca llamas!"
Little Jhonny At Dinner Little Jhonny Was Ordered To Lead In Prayer. Little Jhonny: “But I Dont Know How To Pray?” Dad: “Just Pray For Your Family Members, Friends And Neighbours, The Poor, Etc” Little Jhonny Started The Prayer: Dear Lord, Thank You For Our Visitors And Their Children, Who Finished All My Cookies And Ice Cream. Bless Them So They Wont Come Again. Forgive Our Neighbor’S Son, Who Removed My Sister’S Clothes And Wrestled With Her On Her Bed. This Coming Christmas, Please Send Clothes To All Those Poor Naked Ladies On My Daddy’S Iphone And Provide Shelter For The Homeless Men Who Use Mom’S Room When Daddy Is At Work. Amen Dinner Was Cancelled
One day, a kid ran home to his parents to tell him something bad that happened in school... The kid told his dad "a kid called me bastard at school!" His dad replied, "Don't worry, bastard means boy, like bitches means girl." Later, he walked into his parent's bathroom, where his mom was doing her hair and she dropped the curler, and yelled "Shit!"  The kid asked, "Mom, what does shit mean?" The mom quickly replied, "Oh don't worry son, shit means to curl." The kid went back downstairs and saw his dad cut himself while slicing a chicken, and he yelled "Fuck!". The kid then asked, "Dad, what does fuck mean?" His dad quickly responded, "Oh don't worry, fuck means to prepare." The kid thought nothing of it and went up to do his homework. An hour later, many of the kid's relatives came for a family dinner. He opened the door and greeted them, saying "Hello bastards and bitches! Please wait here a moment, my dad is fucking the chicken and my mom is shitting her hair!"
A doctor and his friend are in a bar They are discussing their day. The doctor takes a sip and begins:  -"I shouldn't have mislead my client today..." He takes another sip and continues:  -"My patients have trust in me, I shouldn't let them down..." He takes yer another sip, thinks for a while and finishes:  -"I shouldn't had have sexual intercourse with my patient today..." He finishes his drink, followed by a long awkward silence between him and his friend, who had been sitting quietly this whole time. The friend drinks his entire drink, thinks for a while and says:  -"Look, you have been my best friend my whole life, I would always support you and will always take your side. What concerns me in this situation is not the fact that you had sex with your client... It's the fact that you are a vet..."
An old Italian father from New York attends his sons wedding. "Congratulations son! I'm gonna buy you a gun as present!" The son says, "Dad! I don't need a gun." "Yes you do!" The son replies "No I don't. Get me a watch." Confused, the father asks "A watch?" Son says "Yeah dad, a watch." Still confused, the father says "What the hell are you gonna do with a watch?" Before the son can even reply, the father adds "No, you need a gun. Because, what happens when you leave the house, and forget you wallet. You run home to get it, you open up the door to your room, and she her in bed, with another man. What are you gonna do? Uh? You gonna pull out your watch and say, hey times up!"
So an Army Ranger wants himself a pair of Gator Boots... But this being an Army Ranger, he's not just going to *buy* himself a pair of boots, no, he's gonna make his own. So he heads down to Louisiana and makes his way to the bayou. He finds a nice little bait shop, buys himself a nice knife, and asks the shop owner where he can find himself a decent size gator. The shop owner gives him directions and a map and says "Oh and when you're out there, keep an eye out for two Marines I sent out about a week ago. They wanted some Gator boots too but haven't come back yet.  So the Army Ranger heads out following the shop owner's directions and gets way out into the Bayou. Sure enough, there's two Marines standing waist deep in water with like twenty dead gators stacked up behind them on the muddy shoreline.  The Ranger waits to see their strategy and when another gator approaches one of the Marines jumps on it's back and brutally kills it with his combat knife. He drags it up onto the shoreline, turns it over, looks at it's feet and turns to his Marine buddy and says "Dammit! This one doesn't have any boots either!"
"I bet you I can keep you from eating those cheerios" A small boy wanted to play a game with his parents so he said "let's see who can keep the other one from eating the cheerios first"  "Challenged accepted." Replied the father. So he stood up on the kitchen table and pissed in the mother's cheerios. The mother was a stubborn ole' mule so she stared right into the father's eyes and gladly started chomping down on the now extra salty and soggy cheerios.  The boy was stunned.  The mother, not to be out done, ripped off her robe, jumped on the table. Squatting down, she shit all up in the father's bowl. "Take that you bastard." She exclaimed triumphantly.   Knowing there was no turning back, the father held his nose, glared at the mother, and slurped up the now chunky and stinking cheerios. "That that you BITCH!" He shouted across the table.  The boy was in utter disbelief.  With that, they both turned and looked at their sweet little boy. "Your turn honey."  The boy calmly stood up, grabbed the cereal box, and poured it into the toilet, flushing it down.  He calmly returned to the table and sat down, staring at both parents.   "you little asshole" they said.  
The Masochist A zoophile, a sadist, a murderer, a necrophile, a pyromaniac and a masochist are together, in the waiting room at a psychologists office. A cat enters the room and the zoophile picks it up and says; "let's fuck it!"  The sadist answers; " Yes, let's fuck it, thenbeat it up." The murderer; "let's fuck it, beat it up, then kill it." The necrophile; "let's fuck it, beat it up, kill it, then fuck it again." The pyromaniac; "Let's fuck it, beat it up, kill it, fuck it again, then burn it." After a few seconds of silence everybody looked at the masochist and asked; "What do you think about all this?"  The masochist answered; "Meeeeooowww..."
Timmy was in Language arts class. The teacher asks if anyone can tell a story with the word "Fascinate.'  One student raised his hands and said, "I went to a dinosaur museum and was fascinated by the fossils."  "Nice try" said the teacher, "but that's not quite correct."  Another student gives it a shot and says, "I went to the zoo and thought all the animals were fascinating."  Teacher lets him know that's also incorrect. "The word is fascinate in present tense."  Timmy raised his hand and said out loud, "My sister bought a new blouse with 10 buttons but her boobs were so big she could only fascinate."
The little little leprechaun A little boy was sat in school when he needed to go to the washroom. So he asked the teacher "teacher may I go to the washroom?". She replied "yes" and the little boy went. But was shocked when he found out he had no toilet paper to wipe with. So he just wiped with his hand and kept it closed as he returned to class. When he returned the teacher said "little boy what's in your hand?". He said "it's a little little leprechaun and he doesn't want anybody to see him!". The teacher said "well if I can't see him then you must go to the principals office". The little boy went through the same ordeal with principal who called the boys mother. When the mother arrived she asked her son "son please may I see what's in your hand?". The little boy replied once again "no he's a little little leprechaun and he doesn't want anybody to see him!". The mother then said "well if you don't show us I'll have to call your father!". The little boy was terrified " NO NO please not dad!". The boys father arrived and asked the boy "son what is in your hand?!". The boy replied again "no he's a little little leprechaun and he doesn't want anybody to see him!" The father yelled "LET ME SIM HIM NOW!!!". The boy opened his hand and said "look you scared the SHIT OUT OF HIM!"
Dave was bragging to his boss one day, "You know, I know everyone there is to know. Just name someone, anyone, and I know them."  Tired of his boasting, his boss called his bluff, "OK, Dave, how about Tom Cruise?"  "No dramas boss, Tom and I are old friends, and I can prove it." So Dave and his boss fly out to Hollywood and knock on Tom Cruise's door, and Tom Cruise shouts,  "Dave! What's happening? Great to see you! Come on in for a beer!"  Although impressed, Dave's boss is still skeptical. After they leave Cruise's house, he tells Dave that he thinks him knowing Cruise was just lucky.  "No, no, just name anyone else," Dave says.  "President Obama," his boss quickly retorts.  "Yup," Dave says, "Old buddies, let's fly out to Washington," and off they go.   At the White House, Obama spots Dave on the tour and motions him and his boss over, saying, "Dave, what a surprise, I was just on my way to a meeting, but you and your friend come on in and let's have a beer first and catch up."  Well, the boss is very shaken by now but still not totally convinced. After they leave the White House grounds he expresses his doubts to Dave, who again implores him to name anyone else.  "Pope Francis," his boss replies.  "Sure!" says Dave. "I've known the Pope for years." So off they fly to Rome.  Dave and his boss are assembled with the masses at the Vatican's St. Peter's Square when Dave says, "This will never work. I can't catch the Pope's eye among all these people. Tell you what, I know all the guards so let me just go upstairs and I'll come out on the balcony with the Pope." He disappears into the crowd headed towards the Vatican.  Sure enough, half an hour later Dave emerges with the Pope on the balcony, but by the time Dave returns, he finds that his boss has had a heart attack and is surrounded by paramedics.  Making his way to his boss' side, Dave asks him, "What happened?"  His boss looks up and says, "It was the final straw... you and the Pope came out on to the balcony and the man next to me said, 'Who the fuck is that on the balcony with Dave?'
Mad , brain and fight There were three friends named mad , brain and fight. One day fight went missing and his friends started searching for him. Then brain said," Mad let's file a missing person report with the police." When they were about to walk into the police station, Brain said," Mad you go and file the report, I will wait for you here." Mad said, "okay and walked in. No policeman was paying attention to him. Then he saw a policeman drinking a cup of coffee. He went to the officer and smacked the table and the coffee flew in the air landing in the officers Lap. Angry, the policemen asked," are you mad? "Mad replied," yes I am Mad." Then the policemen asked," do you have brain? " Mad replied," brain is outside Sir. "   LOL 
Gurkhas The Falklands War had begun.  Britain was unprepared, and as she had done so many times in the past, Britain called up her toughest military unit, The Brigade Of Gurkhas.  The Brigade commander was called in to Army Headquarters to be briefed on their mission.  "You will need to get your force together within ten days," said the general.  "Not necessary," said the Gurkha commander. "We're ready now."  "Marvelous! Sleeping quarters will be arranged for you on board the HMS Invincible," said the general.  "No need.  We'll sleep on the deck," said the Gurkha commander.  "Even better!" said the general. "We'll be sure to provision the ship's mess with enough food for a six weeks expedition."  "Thank you, sir," said the Gurkha commander. "But we'll be fine with our packets of dried yak jerky."  "Splendid," said the general. "Now, as you see on the map, you will assault into the drop zone from the northeast, at 3,000 feet."  "That's too high," said the Gurkha commander. "You'd better make it 500 feet."  "Five hundred feet?" said the general.  "But at such a low altitude there won't be enough time for your men's parachutes to open and slow your jump!"  "Oh!" said the Gurkha commander. "We get parachutes?"
Forgive me Father, for I have sinned...  ... "go on" says the priest. "I swore the other day" says the man. "continue" says the priest. "I was on the golf course the other day and I hit my drive, it was looking perfect, heading dead straight. About 200 yards down my ball hit a power line crossing the fairway."   "And this is when you swore?" asked the priest. "No father, my ball then ricocheted of the power lines and flew off into the deep rough" continued the man.   "This must have been when you swore?" the priest exclaimed. "No father, not yet. As I was walking over to the rough to hit my second shot a hawk flew down from the trees, picked my ball up in his beak and proceeded to fly off with it" continued the man.   "Ahhh I see" says the priest, "this must have been the point where you swore." "Nope not yet, as the bird flew over the green the ball fell from its mouth and landed two feet from the hole."   The priest pauses for a few seconds.   "You missed the fucking putt didn't you?"
A woman is concerned about her husband. So she talks to her doctor: "Doctor, my husband has been eating cat food. It's almost like he's addicted to it. It's practically the only thing he eats these days."      "Well, that's pretty odd, but cat food is produced to pretty much the same standards as human food. If that's what he likes, humor him."      A few months later she's visiting the doctor again. He asks "So, how's your husband and his cat food fetish?" "Oh, doctor, I'm afraid it killed him."      "Was the cat food tainted with something?"      "No, he was up on the roof licking his ass, and he fell off and broke his neck."
Two blokes were on a plane one day....... ........ and they were sitting side by side. Coincidentally, they each had one black eye. They started talking.. 'hey mate do you mind if I ask how you got your black eye?'. 'Yeah no worries', the other one responded. 'I was at the airport check in and when I got to the counter, I couldn't help but notice the girl at the check in had massive tits, so instead of asking for two tickets to Pittsburg I accidentally asked for two pickets to titsburg and she hit me!.. Can I ask how you got yours?'.. 'yeah no worries, it's actually quiet a similar story to yours' the other guys says.. 'I was at home this morning about to eat breakfast with the Mrs and kids and instead of asking me mrs "hey can you please pass me the frosty's cereal", I accidentally said "you've ruined me life you evil cunt"
hereditary Two brothers enlisting in the Army were getting their physicals.  During the inspection, the doctor was surprised to discover that both of them possessed incredibly long, over sized penises.  "How do you account for this?" he asked the brothers.  "It's hereditary, sir," the older one replied.  "I see," said the doctor, writing in his file. "Your father's the reason for your elongated penises?"  "No sir, our mother."  "Your mother? You idiot, women don't have penises!"  "I know, sir," replied the recruit, "but she only had one arm, and when it came to getting us out of the bathtub, she had to manage as best as she could."  
A widower was turning 90 years old. His wife had died 20 years earlier from cancer and he had never remarried or had girlfriend since. So, his sons decided to get their dad a hooker for his birthday and get the old man laid at least one more time before he passed away. They set him up in a fancy hotel suite downtown and told him to order room service or whatever he wanted to celebrate. Soon after he checked in they sent the hooker up. She knocked on the door in her skin tight dress and the old man was little surprised when saw her through the peephole, thinking she'd come to the wrong room, but he opened up the door. She bounded in room with all the right jiggly bits in all the right places and in a breathy, sultry voice said, "I'm here to give you super sex." The old man thought for a second and said, "Alright, I'll take the soup."
A magician worked on a cruise ship. The audience was different each week so the magician did the same tricks over and over again. There was only one problem: the captain's parrot saw the shows each week and began to understand how the magician did every trick. Once he understood, he started shouting in the middle of the show.      "Look, it's not the same hat!" or "Look, he's hiding the flowers under the table!" or "Hey, why are all the cards the ace of spades?"   The magician was furious but couldn't do anything. It was, after all, the captain's parrot.   Then one stormy night on the Pacific, the ship unfortunately sank, drowning almost all who were on board. The magician luckily found himself on a piece of wood floating in the middle of the sea with, and as fate would have it, with the parrot.   They stared at each other with hatred but did not utter a word. This went on for a day... Two days... And then three days.   Finally on the fourth day, the parrot could not hold back any longer and said...      "Okay, I give up. Where's the ship?" 
A white supremacist billionaire starts donating to minority groups There was a white supremacist billionaire who, in his old age, finally started to donate to minority groups in privately funded affirmative action programs.  First, he donated so that all minorities in America can have free abortions. The liberals were overjoyed that disadvantaged groups can now afford unlimited abortions.  Then, he donated so that all minorities in America will have their legal expenses fully paid for in no-fault divorce courts.  As a further surprise, he donated to a national feminist organization specialized in helping minority women become strong, capable, and independent.  Finally, he donated the rest of his wealth one last time to fully pay for the weddings for all minority gay and lesbian couples.  In a banquet held in his honour, the liberals thanked the man and asked him why he suddenly had a change of heart.  The man said, "No need to thank me. I'm just glad to finally get you cockroaches to stop breeding."
A loving couple was celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary A loving couple was celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary, privately, at home with a couple of bottles of champagne.  A bit tipsy and feeling very intimate the husband turns to his wife and asks, "Tell me truthfully, have you ever been unfaithful to me?"  "Well," she replied, "since you ask, to tell you the truth I have been unfaithful on three occasions."  "What? How could you?"  "Let me tell you about it," she said. "The first time was back when we were first married. You needed open heart surgery and we didn't have the money, so I went to bed with the surgeon and got him to operate for free."  "Gee! That was noble of you. And, besides, I guess I should be grateful. But, tell me, what about the second time?"  "Do you remember that you wanted that position, and they were going to pass you over for someone else? Well, I went to bed with the President and the Vice President and they gave you the job."  "Hell, I think I could have done it on my own. But, then again, I guess I should be grateful. And so, what about the third time?"  "Do you remember two years ago when you wanted to become President of the Baseball Team, and you were missing 53 votes...?" 
Three fathers are discussing their son's success. The first one says "My son started off with very little money, but he is a genius in the stock markets, and became rich just like that! Recently he even bought a friend of his a new Ferrari."  The second one says "That's nothing! My boy started working as a cleaner in a large company, and over the years became it's president! He recently bought his friend a private jet!"  The third listens to the stories, a smile on his face. "My son was born into extreme poverty and using his skills he became the richest man in this country. He even bought his friend a huge mansion, complete with 1,000 acres of land."  Just as he finished speaking, another man enters the room, and asks what they were talking about. They explained to him about their sons.  The man said "My son is a gay, male stripper."  They all looked shocked. The first man said "How can you stand his failure?"  The man replies "He is my son and I love him. Besides, he recently had his birthday and got a Ferrari, a private jet and a huge mansion from three of his best customers."
So the new employee tries to appeal to his boss... "Hey Jim, I've been here for only two weeks, and I really want to make a good starting impression on our boss. Any idea how to?"  "Well, Phil, I know the boss very well, and I think what you need to do is laugh at whatever not funny thing he says."  "Ok, how does that work?"  "Even if he says some unfunny joke, like, 'Why did the chicken cross the road? He was playing Crossy Road!', still give a little chuckle. You will see the atmosphere of it in the meeting next week."  "Alright...so anything NOT funny...got it."  ---  *two days later at work*  "So, I'm very happy that our company is doing very well...but something is killing me."  (Phil still remembers Jim's advice)  "My daughter totally failed her SAT last week, and today she was diagnosed with brain cancer."  Phil: **"BUAHAHAHAHHAHAA!!! BOSS! THAT'S TOO HILARIOUS TO BE TRUE!!! WOW ROFLMFAO YOU HAVE TO BE IN ONE OF THOSE IMPROV COMEDY SHOWS!!! DAMN, REALLY YOU GOT SOME TALENT!"**  ---  "Jim, why does this email say I got fired?"
The Toastmaster Once upon a time in a small village there lived a toastmaster. One sunny day, two young villagers decided to get married and the whole village invited the toastmaster to the wedding. The toastmaster gave a flamboyant speech and suddenly discovered he really needed to pass gas. The reception were to end with a salute from the guardsmens' guns and he decided to conceal his fart with the sound of the gun salute. However, all of the guards' guns jammed and it was too late, so everybody heard the toastmaster's big fart. Beet red from shame, the toastmaster left his village for the mountains. Ten years later, he decided to return to the village hoping the people had forgotten the incident. Upon entering the village, he met a young boy, stopped him and said,  "I haven't been to this village in ten years. Can you tell me what happened in the time I was gone?"  "Well, since the toastmaster farted, absolutely nothing."
Monks A man is driving down the road and his car breaks down near a monastery. He goes to the monastery, knocks on the door, and says, "My car broke down. Do you think I could stay the night?" The monks graciously accept him, feed him dinner, even fix his car. As the man tries to fall asleep, he hears a strange sound. A sound unlike anything he's ever heard before. The Sirens that nearly seduced Odysseus into crashing his ship comes to his mind. He doesn't sleep that night. He tosses and turns trying to figure out what could possibly be making such a seductive sound. The next morning, he asks the monks what the sound was, but they say, "We can't tell you. You're not a monk." Distraught, the man is forced to leave. Years later, after never being able to forget that sound, the man goes back to the monastery and pleads for the answer again. The monks reply, "We can't tell you. You're not a monk." The man says, "If the only way I can find out what is making that beautiful sound is to become a monk, then please, make me a monk." The monks reply, "You must travel the earth and tell us how many blades of grass there are and the exact number of grains of sand. When you find these answers, you will have become a monk." The man sets about his task. After years of searching he returns as a gray- haired old man and knocks on the door of the monastery. A monk answers. He is taken before a gathering of all the monks. "In my quest to find what makes that beautiful sound, I traveled the earth and have found what you asked for: By design, the world is in a state of perpetual change. Only God knows what you ask. All a man can know is himself, and only then if he is honest and reflective and willing to strip away self deception." The monks reply, "Congratulations. You have become a monk. We shall now show you the way to the mystery of the sacred sound." The monks lead the man to a wooden door, where the head monk says, "The sound is beyond that door." The monks give him the key, and he opens the door. Behind the wooden door is another door made of stone. The man is given the key to the stone door and he opens it, only to find a door made of ruby. And so it went that he needed keys to doors of emerald, pearl and diamond. Finally, they come to a door made of solid gold. The sound has become very clear and definite. The monks say, "This is the last key to the last door." The man is apprehensive to no end. His life's wish is behind that door! With trembling hands, he unlocks the door, turns the knob, and slowly pushes the door open. Falling to his knees, he is utterly amazed to discover the source of that haunting and seductive sound...... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... But, of course, I can't tell you what it is because you're not a monk.
Three men are entering the gates of heaven. The first man walks up to god, who is reading the summary of his deeds before deciding which vehicle he is to use to drive to heavens gates with.   "I see you were quite unfaithful with your wife, cheating on her a total of three times." The man looks down in shame. "You are to drive up to heaven in a battered sedan." God waved him away to a drab looking Honda as he called the next man forward.   "I see you never truly cheated on your wife, but you had many impure thoughts of other women and made several attempts at adultery." The man shrugged, a little nervous. "Only natural," God said, "You can drive up in the sports car." God then waved him away to a modest but sleek looking Dodge.   "Ah, you are clean as a whistle!" God said to the last man. "You never even thought of cheating on your wife, what loyalty! You can have your choice of either a Rolls Royce, Ferrari or Corvette!" The man, beaming, chose the Ferrari as it was his personal favorite car in life.   As the man cruised up to heaven in his Ferrari, he saw his wife to the right of him, struggling along in a rusty tricycle. 
I hate my job.... My job is so fucking unbelievable.  I'll try to sum it up by first telling you about the folks I work with:  First, there is this supermodel wanna-be chick. Yeah, okay, she is pretty hot, but damn is she completely useless. The girl is constantly fixing her hair or putting on makeup. She is extremely self-centered and has never once considered the needs or wants of anyone but herself. She is as dumb as a box of rocks, and I still find it surprising that she has enough brain power to continue to breathe.  The next chick is completely the opposite. She might even be one of the smartest people on the planet. Her career opportunities are endless, and yet she is here with us. She is a zero on a scale of 1 to 10. I'm not sure she even showers, much less shaves her "womanly" parts. I think she might be a lesbian, because every time we drive by the hardware store, she moans like a cat in heat.  But the jewel of the crowd has got to be the fucking stoner. And this guy is more than just your average pothead. In fact, he is baked before he comes to work, during work, and I'm sure after work. He probably hasn't been sober anytime in the last ten years, and he's only 22. He dresses like a beatnik throwback from the 1960's, and to make things worse, he brings his big fucking dog to work. Every fucking day I have to look at this huge Great Dane walk around half-stoned from the second-hand smoke. Hell, sometimes I even think it's trying to talk with its constant bellowing. Also, both of them are constantly hungry, requiring multiple stops to McDonalds and Burger King, every single fucking day.  Anyway, I drive these fucktards around in my van and we solve mysteries and shit. 
Newlyweds went on their honeymoon and were getting undressed together for the first time . He took off his shoes and socks and his toes were all twisted and discolored. "What happened to you feet?" his wife asked. "I had a childhood disease called tolio." "Don't you mean polio?" "No, tolio, it only affects the toes." He then removed his pants and revealed an awful looking pair of knees. "What happened to your knees?" she asked. "Well, I also had kneesles." "Don't you mean measles?" "No, kneesles, it only affects the knees." When he removed his shorts his wife gasped and said, "Don't tell me, you also had smallcox!"
A Preacher was seated next to a little girl on an airplane and he turned to her and said; A Preacher was seated next to a little girl on an airplane and he turned to her and said; "Do you want to talk? Flights go quicker if you strike up a conversation with your fellow passenger."  The little girl, who had just started to read her book, replied to the total stranger, "What would you want to talk about?" "Oh, I don't know," said the Preacher. "How about God, Heaven or Hell, or life after death?" as he smiled smugly.  "Okay," she said. "Those could be interesting topics but let me ask you a question first. A horse, a cow, and a deer all eat the same stuff - grass. Yet a deer excretes little pellets, while a cow turns out a flat patty, but a horse produces clumps. Why do you suppose that is?"  The Preacher, visibly surprised by the little girl's intelligence, thinks about it and says, "Hmmm, I have no idea."  To which the little girl replies, "Do you really feel qualified to discuss God, Heaven and Hell, or life after death, when you don't know shit?" And then she went back to reading her book.
A mother is shot twice in the stomach while pregnant with twins, the doctor said the baby is going to be okay and they will excrete the bullet in one way or another 15 years later.    All was fine for 15 years, and then the daughter walked into the room in tears. "What's wrong?" asked the mother.   "I was taking a tinkle and this bullet came out" replied the daughter. The mother told her it was okay and explained what happened 15 years ago.   About a week later, her son walked into the room in tears. "It's okay" said the Mom, "I know what happened, you were taking a tinkle and a bullet came out."   "No," said the boy, "I was playing with myself and I shot the dog..."  All credit to u/cyanritter They posted it in the comments of another joke, and I just figured that it should be shared with all of r/jokes
So the kid one day walked into that barber shop A young boy enters a barber shop and the barber whispers to his customer, “This is the dumbest kid in the world. Watch while I prove it.”  The barber puts a dollar bill in one hand and two quarters in the other, then calls the boy over and asks, “Which do you want, son?”  The boy takes the quarters and leaves the dollar.  “What did I tell you?” said the barber. “That kid never learns!”  Later, the customer leaves, and sees the same young boy coming out of the ice cream store. He asks. “Hey, son! May I ask you a question? Why did you take the quarters instead of the dollar bill?”  The boy licked his cone and replied, “Because the day I take the dollar, the game’s over!”  
A hunter shoots a deer and is pulling it back to his truck A farmer passes by and says, "Hey you shot that deer on my property. That makes that deer mine."   The hunter says, "No way, I tracked it, I shot it, it's mine."   The farmer says, "Ok Ok...we'll settle this the old way."   "The old way?"   "Yes. We'll take turns kicking each other in the nuts and the first guy who can't take it anymore loses. The winner gets the deer."   The hunter thinks about this and he says, "Ok, let's do it."   The farmer says, "Ok, let me go first."  He takes a big wind up and just nails the hunter right in the nuts with his big dirty farmer boots.   The hunter doubles over in pain, huffing and puffing for a few minutes. He finally gets up, still panting and says, "Ok Ok...I'm still in...my turn."   The farmer says, "Nah, you can keep the deer."  
Two boys are sitting in church While the priest is giving thanks to a group of older men. Each man touches a plaque before sitting back down. One boy asks the other   Boy 1: "why are all these old men being thanked?"   The other boys shakes his head and says   Boy 2: "I have no idea."   The priest over hears the boys as the old men find there seats and says   Priest: "The men that were in front of me were paying there respects to those who have died in service."  Boy 1: "oh... Was it the 9 o'clock or 11 service?"
Five businessmen on a train Five businessmen share a train car as they are headed to a large convention. They don't have much in common and not wanting to talk about work, one of the business men breaks the silence  "I bet you all one dollar that I can spit white on this window". All five men pull out their wallets and put a dollar in the middle of the table they sit around. The man spits on the window and as it was white, he collects his five dollars.   The next man pipes up soon after "I bet you all ten dollars I can spit yellow on this window" all five men pull out their wallets yet again and put their money in the middle. The second man lugies on the window producing a yellow bile substance on the window. He then collects his 50 dollars.   The next man states "I bet you fellows 100 dollars each  I can spit green on this window". Playin along, all the men out there money in the middle. The third man swallows a little bit of snot and spits on on the window. He collects his money.   The fourth man says he can beat them all "I bet all of you 500 dollars each I can spit red on this window". Bewildered, everyone puts money in the middle. The man hams his finger up his nose until a little line of blood runs into his mouth, he spits it on the window and collects his money.   Knowing the fourth man won, the men sit back in defeat, until the fifth man chimes in. "I bet all of you 1,000 dollars each I can spit white,yellow,green and red all at the same time".  The men wondering how he'll do it, put their money in the middle.   The fifth man then walks over to the window, slurps up all the liquids on there, and spits it right back. As the rest of the men Look on in disgust, he collects his money and heads to the bar. 
A man receives a call that his wife was in a terrible accident He rushes to the hospital where he is told to sit in the waiting room. Hours pass before a sweaty and blood covered doctor finally emerges from the OR. The doc goes to the husbands side, "Sir, are you Mr. Smith?" He asks. " Yes, how's my wife?" Mr Smith replies. "Well...it's not good. I have stopped the bleeding; that's the good news. However, she's in a coma that she may never come out of. If she does, there's a good chance she will be paralyzed. I had to remove a good portion of her intestines so she will have to use a colostomy bag from now on. At least for the next year or two she will need 24 hour nursing care. I've reviewed your insurance policy, and it doesn't appear to cover any of this." The husband sinks into his chair and puts his head in his hands and begins to sob. Just then the doc smacks him on the back and says, " I'm just fucking with you- she's dead." 
A man visits his doctor... and complains that he is having trouble satisfying his wife because he cannot get an erection. The doctor prescribes him an experimental drug and says "I will call you in a week to check on you."  A week later, the doctor calls the man and his son picks up the phone. The doctor says, "hello young man, I am your father's doctor, I gave him a prescription last week and I wanted to check to see how he is doing"  The young man replies "You want to know how he is doing? Let me answer you by saying this: My mother is dead, my sister is pregnant, my dog ran away and my ass hurts like hell."
College student writes a paper with a buffalo on the cover, and gets a B+. Happy with his grade, he goes and puts the paper into the fraternity house 'High-Grade Papers' filing cabinet.  Next semester comes around, and another student has the same professor, and gets the same assignment. Being a fraternity member, he takes the paper, keeps everything, the buffalo and all, and gets a B+ again.  The next semesters, the same thing happens with every student. B+ over and over. The students just assume he doesn't even read the papers at this point. He just gives everyone a grade based upon how it looks.  After a few years, a student pulls the paper out, well used by now, and copies it to his computer. He notices that the buffalo picture is quite old and not as good quality these days. In a fit of trying to get a higher grade, he changes the picture of the buffalo to a good quality picture of an Indian, and turns it in.  He gets his grade back, and its a D! The student goes to the professor and asks "Why did I get a D? I worked really hard on this paper!"  The professor takes off his glasses, looks at the student, and says, "What happened to the buffalo? I always enjoyed that part!"
Your cat died A woman went on vacation, leaving her husband behind. Before she left, she told him to take extra special care of her cat.The next day she called her husband and asked if the cat was all right.  Her husband said: The cat just died.  She burst into tears and said: How could you be so blunt? Why couldn't you have broken the news gradually! Today, you could have said that it was playing on the roof; tomorrow, you could have said that it fell off and had broken its leg; then on the third day, you could have said that the poor thing had passed away in the night. You could have been more sensitive about the whole thing. By the way, how is my mom?  Husband: She is playing on the roof.
