Donald Trump is so smart... I think he may have an extra chromosome! 
Putin, Obama and Trump walk into a bar... ... the bartender looks up and says: "This isn't funny anymore!"
Is Trump too old and senile to be president? Depends...
Trump decides to fund NASA's and the Planetary Society's mission to get to Mars and land a human on Mars. However, along the way, NASA says they found a moon of Jupiter that may have life. What is Trump's policy regarding the spaceship? "We're gonna build a spaceship and make the aliens pay for it!"
Why didn't Donald Trump shake hands with the Chancellor of Germany? Because Her hands were bigger than His.
Republicans might be worried that the "repeal and replace" failed... But it's okay; burns are covered by the Affordable Care Act.
Donald Trump has been Impeached is what you're going to hear a lot tomorrow, unfortunately followed by "April Fools"  
Why does Donald Trump hate deadpool so much? He keeps breaking the fourth wall.
What does the White House call a broken printer? Alternative Fax.
If trump got into a wrestling match with Clinton, No one would win. They died of old age.
Trump and Hillary walk into a bar... It'd been set pretty low. (See: /r/jokes since the election ended.)
Congressmen don't have sex They just mass debate.
Donald Trump has banned the sale of pre-shredded cheese nationwide. He's making America grate again.
Maybe all the people saying "impeach Trump" just don't want him to steal their favorite Mario Kart character. I'm Peach, Trump
Trump has a new collection of neckwear coming out Russian Mob Ties
I wish I had Trump as a teacher. Citations would be easy  "You know it, I know it, everyone knows it"
How many Democrats does it take to change a lightbulb? Just one, because changing a lightbulb is not that fucking hard.
Trumpcare is so good ...medical treatment will be the last thing you need. 
Trump is like a turtle on a pole. You know he didn't get up there by himself, he doesn't belong up there, he doesn't know what to do while he's up there. He's elevated beyond his ability to function &amp; you just wonder which idiots put him up there, in the first place.
Did you hear that Trump Tower is being remodeled to add a clock that resembles Big Ben I've heard people complain that it has tiny hands.
A comedian told a joke in the White House yesterday.  He told the joke, "You should've never been elected.
House republicans couldn't agree on contraceptive coverage... ... so they just pulled out instead.
What do Donald Trump and an Abortion have in common? Neither make it full term.
Donald Trump should have the Chinese build the wall. They built one over 2000 years ago and they don't have any Mexicans.
What does Donald Trump have if he has 8 apples in one hand and 6 oranges in the other? Really big hands.... or so as he claims. 
Why is Golf so popular among people like Trump? Because you can still play it when handcuffed.
I've just figured out the Trump-Russia stuff! 1. Since the US is not at war with Russia, if Trump did talk to Russian officals, then he *didn't commit a crime*.   2. There's no evidence that Trump talked to Russian officials.   3. Therefore, there is no evidence that Trump *didn't commit a crime*.   4. Since that's a double negative, it means that there's evidence that Trump committed a crime!
What's Trump's favourite nut? Himself.
Better not to read this one if you are a Trump support with no sense of humor... Conversation between two Mexicans: A - I hope that Trump accomplishes his biggest promise. B - Are you stupid? A - No, I know geography. What was written on the hat of his supporters? B - Ai, caramba....
Bill Clinton is showing a new female intern around the White House They finally reach the doors of the oval office and Bill asks her, "Want to go into the oval office and see the presidential clock?"  The intern, hesitating, says, "Well, Mr. President, seeing all the stuff that has been happening with you, I don't know if that is a good idea or not."  Bill tells her, "C'mon, what harm can be done. It is only a clock."  The intern finally agrees. They both walk into the oval office and Bill suddenly drops his pants.  The intern yells, "That's not the presidential clock, that's the presidential cock!"  Bill then tells her, "Baby, once you put two hands and a face on it, it becomes a presidential clock"
Trump... The joke was in the title.
Why does Trump have small hands? It makes it easier for him to pull information right out of his ass. 
Study shows that 1 out of 3 republicans are equally dumb as the remaining 2
[Politics] Why will it take so long for Donald Trump's wall to be built? Well, with hands that small he can surely only build one brick at a time.
What is Paul Ryan and Donald Trump's favorite mode of transportation? Riding the turtle.  EDIT: I might have meant transport but shit goes the same.
What's the difference me and Ted Cruz's campaign? Ted Cruz's campaign pulled out
Donald Trump in Westeros Why do Donald Trump and the Nightswatch get on so well?  Because he's going to build a Wall, and he's gonna make the White Walkers pay for it!
A year ago everybody laughed at Trump being the next president! Nobody's laughing now!
Mitch McConnell, needing a more popular Healthcare Plan to pitch to Congress, asks Donald Trump for a 'shot in the arm'. Donald Trump agrees, saying that "he'll campaign for months and months explaining how it will help the country and he'll invest all of his time into it."  He shakes Mitch's hand, smiles, and says "I like the way you think, Mitch."     He then proceed's to blow off Mitch's right arm of with gold-plated .44 magnum.
I was really moved by Trump's Inauguration, I walked right out in the middle of his speech..
What's the only way to hide money from Donald Trump? Tape it to the inside of the bills he's decided to sign into law!
Barack Obama: Most of the time, all he wanted was to be invisible.  "Now, let me be clear."
What does Trump say when he is in Vietnam? All I do is Nguyen, Nguyen, Nguyen! 
With the Jeff Sessions' appt., Trump proves he isn't racist... against elves
Trump is like a dog at the front of a human centipede He gives everyone else shit and proceeds to eat it himself.
Donald Trump: The living argument for population control.
There's a movie coming out about Trump's aggressive womanizing. It's called *The Gropes of Wrath.*
Hillary's emails would make the perfect construction material for building the great Trump Wall... Since no one can get the fuck over them. 
President Trump and Vp Pence were taking a walk to get some fresh air Along the backside of the Whitehouse they came upon a stray dog with its  head stuck in fence.  Trump looked at the mutt for a second, smiled walked up behind the trapped animal and  started fucking the dog in the ass.  Pence looking dumbfounded, said "Damn Trump, thats actually a great idea!!"   And The Vice President sticks his own head in the fence!!
What would be Trump's version of Obamacare? Obamacare(except to immigrants)
Can you imagine the Trump family dinner conversations? I'd love to be a Samsung on the wall.
What happens if you take the D out of Donald Trump? America stops getting fucked by Putin.
What is Trumps most hated nutrient? Aminos-Acid.
Why is Donald Trump Orange? He's just preparing for jail.
What message do Trump's tiny hands send? Microwaves!
I had a chat with Barack Obama today... My mum was confused as to why I was talking to the microwave.
Trump has a golf course in Scotland, right? D'yu think he'd rebuild a certain wall for the English?
What did Trump say at his inauguration concert? Someone please punch me in the face, so I can finally see some stars.
I hear Trump is making his own brand of condoms Right now he's calling them "Rubber Walls" and he says you should only use them when you're smashing Mexican women.
White House call the Washington Police. "There's a crazy man in the White House and we don't know how he got here!" The police operator responds, "yeah, we know;  we've been wondering about that ourselves ever since the election."
Donald Trump isn't going to get impeached... ... if anything, he'll get imoranged
Trump does not make any more advance on other women! He always gets blocked by a federal judge.
A group of terrorists are holding congress hostage and are saying they will burn them if their monetary demands are not met!!! PLEASE DONATE!!! I have already pledged 5 gallons of gasoline and 10 boxes of matches.
What is Trump's favorite cocktail? White Russian. 
The blue man lives in the blue house. The green man lives in the green house. Who lives in the White House? The orange man.
What would you need to silence the entire Republican Party? An Elizabeth Warrant 
Whose fault is it that Donald Trump has tiny hands? Immigrants.
Donald Trump goes to Germany Donald Trump is on his first state visit to Angela Merkel in Berlin.  After a bit of small talk, he asks Merkel, which is the secret of her great success.  Merkel tells him that you only have to have many intelligent people around you.  "How do you know so fast, who is intelligent?" Asks Trump.  "Let me demonstrate." Merkel answers.  She reaches for the telephone, calls Wolfgang Schäuble and asks him a question: "Mr. Schäuble, it is the son of your father, but its not your brother, who is it?"  Without hesitation, Schäuble answers: "Very simple, that's me!"  "Look," says Merkel to Trump, "so I test the intelligence of the people around me."  Trump flies back to America enthusiastically.  At home, he immediately called his vice-pence to him Question to ask: "It is the son of your father, but is not your brother, who is it?"  After a long pause, Pence says: "I have no idea, but I will try to figure out the answer by tomorrow!"  Pence just does not care and decides to seek advice from former President Obama.  He calls him: "Mr. Obama - it is the son of your father, but its not your brother, who is it?"  "It's easy, that am I !", Answers in Obama.  Happy to have found the answer, Pence calls at Trump and says triumphantly: "I have the answer! It's Barack Obama!"  Trump yells at him, shocked: "No, you idiot, it's Wolfgang Schäuble !!!"
Why does Donald Trump like scan-to-email? Because it's an alternative fax.
The fact that president Obama needs four inches of bullet proof glass at every public speaking event, is proof that racism is still alive Just because he's black doesn't mean he's going to shoot everyone.
What did Trump find when he drained the swamp? Scum that he turned into his cabinet 
How many Donald Trumps does it take to screw in a light bulb? Just one. He holds the bulb and the whole world revolves around him. 
Congress wrote a law that would force people to join the military. It was a rough draft.
Why is Donald Trump good at changing light bulbs? Because mini hands make light work.
My Mexican friend said all the Mexicans he knows are pissed about Trump's wall. But he thinks they're overreacting - they'll get over it
What does trump call a sick bird? Illeagle
Hillary Clinton goes in for an exam... The doctor says she is pregnant. Hillary couldn't believe the news and stormed out of the office. She rushes to the limo and gets her phone to call the Oval Office. "You got me pregnant!" she said, "How could you be so careless!" There's a silence on the other end and she hears Bill's voice. "Who is this?"
What did the Japanese prostitute / pro-democracy activist call Donald Trump? Unerected.
The best thing about President Trump I started a new job late last year and this year has been pretty tough. Thrown into a lot of unfamiliar water and made a few mistakes, some big. Sometimes, I feel like the most incompetent man in America.  Then, I remember whose President...
What would the Travel Channel change its name to if it was taken over by Trump supporters? the Travel Bannel
Breaking news, Trump's personal library has burned down today. The fire consumed both books and in a tragic twist he hadn't even finished coloring the second one.
Thank God ObamaCare is still in place Cause I am sick of all this winning!!
Why does Trump love to hold rallies? He has a thing for watching peons.
So I heard Trump is going to hire Bob The Builder to build his wall... To keep Dora from exploring. 
Why doesn't Donald Trump need teleprompters? Russians holding cue cards are cheaper.
If the blue man lives in the blue house, the green man lives in the green house, and the red man lives in the red house, then who lives in the white house? The orange man
Trump wants to repaint White House, he asks for quotations: Trump wants to repaint White House, he asks for quotations:  Mexican quoted $3M American quoted $7M Filipino quoted $10M  Trump asked the Mexican: How did you quoted 3M? He replied: 1M for paint, 1M for labor &amp; 1M profit.  Trump asked the American. He replied: 3M for paint, 2M for labor &amp; 2M profit.  Trump asked the Filipino. He replied: 4M for you, 3M for me &amp; we will give 3M to the Mexican &amp; ask him to paint.  Filipino guy got the contract! ��������
So Trumpcare will make health insurance harder for the working class &amp; will give the super-rich a huge tax cut, but hey it's time to look at the bright side. Those old cunts who voted for Trump won't be alive to vote in the 2020 election.
Trump: The less mexicans in our country the better Pence: The fewer...  Trump: Shhh, don't call me that in public yet!
When Trump was elected President, Juan was very worried. I guess you could say it was because of hispanic issues.
Why does Trump think he can't be impeached? "Because impumpkin" 
Donald Trump claims Germany owes America for defence. Defence!? That fool can't even build da wall.
A Muslim man goes to a bookstore and asks if they have the latest Donald Trump book on immigration... The conservative owner of the store takes one look at him and says, "Fuck off, get out and don't come back!"  "That's the one!" says the man
What's a Republican policy that helps the middle class instead of the .01% &lt;Removed.&gt;
Did you hear the latest from Trump? Of course you didn't, you haven't tapped his phone.
So the United States federal government was going to release a Donald Trump postage stamp... But decided against it fearing people wouldn't know which side to spit on.
Have you heard of the sexual maneuver called the "reverse Trump?" No, seriously, I need to reverse what he did to me. 
Donald Trump visits Angela Merkel in Berlin As they walk through the Chancellery, Trump suddenly points at a painting on the wall and cries out:  "That's a famous American painting!"  "But Mr. President, that's an Otto Dix, the work of the world famous German painter."  Trump, visibly embarrassed, walks along. A few minutes later he points at a dresser.   "That's an American chiffonier!"  "But Mr. President, how can you say that? It's a German antique cabinet, over 150 years old."  Trump is getting annoyed, and continues down the corridor. Suddenly, he stops and says:  "But I'm sure that guy over there is American, he looks like a real douchebag!"  "No, Mr. President. That's a venetian mirror."
Did you hear that Trump's twitter account got hacked? Well, I didn't either, but I've got about as much evidence as he does about those wiretaps, so I'm sticking to my story.
I heard Trump could be successfully impeached That would be an unpresidented move
Trump's wall will be useless since it doesn't extend into the oceans..... Everyone knows Jesus can walk on water.
Just last week a smiling Barack Obama overpaid for hot dogs at my stand, but kindly insisted I "keep the change, son, I don't want it" It was at this moment I realized how far our beloved president had truly fallen.
CNN recently released a new report from one of Trumps closest aides. The unnamed source has disclosed that Trump has been diagnosed with sphincter dysfunction. President Trump responded: "the news is fake, but the leaks are real." 
You see media showing people wanting Trump to be impeached... but not keeping him im-plum-ented for office.
Obama smoked weed growing up, and now look where he is today Unemployed with two kids and recently evicted 
Why is President Trump so cranky? Because he owns my username but only I have the password.
Donald Trump gets executed and is hanged by the neck until dead.  At Trump Tower, his family watches CNN, which is covering his death live, all of them mournful and teary before Donald himself walks in triumphantly.  "But Donald, CNN says you were killed!" Ivanka cried.  "Nope!" Donnie beamed, holding up the rope that was used to hang him, "fake noose."
Libertarian Paradise... People often criticize a libertarian paradise saying that the homeless people would just be left to die in the gutter. This is of course complete bull. The gutter would be private property and the homeless will need to find somewhere else to die.
Hitler died 1945, Trump was born 1946. Coincidence? I think not  Mystery? Maybe  Hotel? Trivago
Trump supporters do NOT read this joke. Just kidding.  As if Trump supporters could read.
Girl: I'm a Trump supporter! Guy: Wow, I hate women too!  
Trump is so stupid... He can corner himself in an Oval Office.
How can we get Republicans to care about climate change? Blame it on the poor.
Trump promised to make America great again... So why he didn't do anything to improve the situation in Brazil, Mexico and Canada yet?
Did you hear what the new acronym for the republican insurance plan is? R.I.P
Tomi Lahren must be Trump's daughter. As the saying goes, the orange doesn't fall far from the tree.
Trump has made an important contribution to the social sciences this week... He got 63 million votes, and US life expectancy is 79 years.  So he's effectively proven that there isn't a sucker born every minute,  It's actually more like every 40 seconds... 
What does Trump call books that call him great? MAGAzines
There is one thing that Trump likes to grab... It's the Va-China!
What does Donal Trump call his putter? Vladimir Puttin    Credit to The Late Show with Stephen Colbert 
Rick Perry is truly fit to be a member of the Trump administration. He's exploring alternative energy.
Barack Obama walks into a bar, but he is invisible. The bartender says "Ok, I'll bite. Why are you invisible?"   Barack says "Well, I found a bottle on the beach and...then I rubbed it."  "And then...importantly...A genie came out."  "The genie said I could have...3 wishes."     For my first wish, I said "Let me say this, and this is profoundly important...I want Michelle to marry me...I love her,...and I think America will love her too."  That wish was granted.    For my second wish, I said "Like all patriotic Americans, I am deeply patriotic...and I want to be President...of the United States...so I can serve my country."  That wish was granted too.    And then, for my third wish, I started by saying "Let me be clear..."
How many republicans does it take to screw in a light bulb All of them, because they don't like anything dark 
I heard Trump Is a very Im-Putin-t guy
CNN ran a story about leaked pictures of Donald Trump's penis. But it turned out to be fake nudes.
What's the best title for the future film documenting the press investigating Trump's ties to Russia? The Hunt for Orange October
A boy just saved Donald Trump's life. And Trump says he can have anything he wants.  The boy asks for a wheelchair ramp for his family's van, and unlimited access to handicapped parking.  Trump asks the boy if this is for his mom or his dad.   The boy says that it's for him.  "But kid, you're not in a wheelchair." says Trump.  "I will be when my dad finds out what I've done."
What is Donald Trump's favourite song? "It Wasn't Me" - Shaggy 
Trump and Putin are just finishing up their phone conversation. Trump: Go ahead and hang up, Vladimir. Putin: No, Donald, please, you hang up first. Trump: No you hang up first. Putin: No you hang up. Trump: No you hang up. Putin: No you hang up. Trump: No you hang up. Putin: No you hang up. Trump: No you hang up. Putin: No you hang up. Trump: No you hang up. Putin: No you hang up. Trump: No you hang up. Putin: No you hang up. Trump: No you hang up. Putin: No you hang up. Trump: No you hang up. Putin: No you hang up. Trump: No you hang up. Putin: No you hang up. Trump: No you hang up. Putin: No you hang up. Trump: No you hang up. Putin: No you hang up. NSA:  Jesus, we are going to run out of tape.
Man, Saturday Night Live has really been going after Donald Trump lately I guess it makes sense though, since Donald is such a sketchy guy
Donald Trump took Pope Francis for an afternoon on his yacht... While they were out to sea, the Pope's hat blew off his head and into the water. While everyone ran frantically, Trump stood up and said "Hang on. I've got this"   Miraculously he walked to the platform level with the water, and continued walking across the top of the water, picked up the popes hat and walked back and returned it to him. Everyone was stunned at this they couldn't believe what they just saw!   The following morning CNN reported:  "Breaking: Donald Trump can't swim!"
Apparently Donald Trump is a spy. So bi et.
Donald Trump needs to be Putin his place Pun intended 
What is Trump's favourite movie? Minority Deport.
Why is Trump afraid of pigeons? Because they might start to coo
If the opposite of "pro" is "con"... Then the opposite of progress is what?  ;)
Don't be too hard on Trump, he doesn't always lie He has to sleep sometimes too.
What is Trump's favorite food A wallnut
A farmer, Trump and an architect all find lantern with a genie... They rub it and a genie pops out.  "I will grant three of you one wish; three wishes total."  The farmer goes first and says "I'd like for my home country to be cleansed with fertile land forever!"  Next, Trump said, "America is getting over run with immigrants, sad! Im going to fix it. I want a huge, massive, impenetrable wall around all of America to keep the foreigners out.  Finally the architect thinks for a minute and asks the genie to tell him more about this wall.  "Well its about 15,000 feet high and 500 feet thick. Its virtually impenetrable!"  The architect turns to trump and says "fill it with water."
Hitler died in 1945, Donald Trump was born in 1946... Coincidence? No.  Mystery? Maybe.  Hotel? Trivago.
What do you call giving Donald Trump a blowjob? Playing the Trumpet.
Trump and Putin are boasting about the strength and training of their respective militaries. it quickly turns into an argument on whose is better. Trump finally says:  "You see that mountain there? On the far side, my best soldier is waiting. He can beat your best soldier any day of the week!"  Putin quickly replies "You're on!"  Putin sends for his most highly trained and best equipped soldier and sends him over the mountain. The sounds of a small battle echo from behind the mountain and silence eventually falls.  Trump, being Trump, boasts "Since your man has not returned, clearly my soldier is superior. In fact, he is so superior, he can defeat 10 of your best soldiers without breaking a sweat!"  Putin, hoping to redeem himself, quickly sends his best 10 soldiers over the mountain. The sounds of battle erupt, much more ferociously than the first time. Several minutes of gunfire fill the air, and then all falls silent.  Trump, being Trump, tells Putin "I am telling you Vlad, I have the best soldiers, the absolute best. As a matter of fact, my soldier on the far side of the mountain can defeat 100 of your best soldiers without even trying.   Putin is infuriated and completely embarresed. Think there is no way 1 American soldier can defeat 100 of his, he tells Trump "You got a deal!" and sends his best 100 soldiers over the mountain.  For hours, the sounds of a raging battle echo from behind the mounain. There are explosions, constant gunfire, and screams of death. Finally, the battle dies down and all is silent.  One of Putin's soldiers come crawling down the mountain, severely wounded, covered in soot and blood, barely surviving. Putin runs to his soldier and demands "what is going on back there?? how is one soldier able to defeat so many??"  The wounded soldier replies between gasps of air, "Comrade Putin, sir... we had been lied to! ...we fell into a terrible trap! There is not just one American soldier on the far side of the mountain, there are two!!"  ['Merica!]
What is Donald trumps favorite ESPN Channel? ESPN Deportes 
Why is Trump president? Vladimir prescribed it for his ED.
Did you hear that joke about Melania Trump and a jar of Vaseline? It's topical. 
How do you burn Donald Trumps ear? Phone him up while he's ironing.
What's Trump's favorate kind of nut? Walnuts
What do Josh Homme and Donald Trump have in common? They both had sessions that nobody really cared for that much.
If Hillary won the election she would have become the first F president. I said F because someone deleted the emale. 
What does Donald Trump get from CNN for Valentines Day? Fake Nudes
Republicans are the true snowflakes. They're white, they're cold, and if you put enough of em together they'll shut down public schools. 
What do Democrats do when they lose a game of CSGO? They blame the Russians.
Don't worry about losing health care under the Trump administration We won't need it after the EPA starts restricting oxygen
What would Obama's wrestling name be? Dwayne "Barack" Johnson
Obama, Trump, and Bush were tossing around a football On one pass, Trump throws the ball too far and it gets punctured on top of the White House fence.  Bush and Obama yell at Trump, saying he always manages to lose or destroy the football.  After a few minutes of angry stares, a Secret Service agent goes to Trump.  He gives him another football that's, curiously, transparent.  Trump, excited to try out this new toy, tosses it towards Bush, who then tosses it to Obama.  Trump readies himself for the ball, but Obama just stands there looking hesitantly between Trump and the football.  Trump, irritated at Obama's poor sportsmanship, loudly asks Obama to give him the ball.  However, he continues to stand in place, casting a look of hesitation towards Donald.  "Why won't you give me the ball?!" Trump asks in disgust.  "I'm sorry," Obama says with a defiant tone, "but I don't think we're ready for you to handle the new clear football."  
Donald Trump didn't get into the office all by himself. He had his Meme and Pepe help him.
Trump walks into a bar and lowers it.
I made a donald trump sandwhich.. It was full of baloney and had a little pickle.
Whats Trump's favorite adaptor? He isn't too picky. Anything to D-Port makes him happy.
Obamacare: American Medical Association has weighed in on Trump's health care package: American Medical Association has weighed in on Trump's health care package: The Allergists were in favor of scratching it, but the Dermatologists advised not to make any rash moves. The Gastroenterologists had sort of a gut feeling about it, but the Neurologists thought the Administration had a lot of nerve. Meanwhile, Obstetricians felt certain everyone was laboring under a misconception, while the Ophthalmologists considered the idea shortsighted. Pathologists yelled, "Over my dead body!" while the Pediatricians said, "Oh, grow up!" The Psychiatrists thought the whole idea was madness, while the Radiologists could see right through it. Surgeons decided to wash their hands of the whole thing and the Internists claimed it would indeed be a bitter pill to swallow. The Plastic Surgeons opined that this proposal would "put a whole new face on the matter." The Podiatrists thought it was a step forward, but the Urologists were pissed off at the whole idea.  Anesthesiologists thought the whole idea was a gas, and those lofty Cardiologists didn't have the heart to say no. In the end, the Proctologists won out, leaving the entire decision up to the assholes in Washington. 
America just went from Obamacare... ... to Trump doesn't fucking care
Everyone knows Hillary took silverware, but what did Bill Clinton get from the Oval Office? One night stand.
Trump was arguing with his opponents. "You know, Trump has a lot of similarities to Hitler."  Trump: "Wrong, wrong! Fake news!"  "Mr. Trump, you know that 2 wrongs don't make a Reich."
Trump supporters really don't like it when you call them Nazi's Which is why I call them Nazis.   Finally, an N-word that bothers white racists.  Edit: Calm down kids. It's a fucking joke. Posted on /r/jokes. 
What did Donald Trump replace Obama Care with? Don.T. Care 
Why did the Communist support Donald Trump? He believed in seizing the means of reproduction.
Steve jobs would have been a better president than Donald Trump. But its a silly comparison really, its like comparing apples to oranges.
Why did the libertarian cross the road? What road?
One day, in a Trump security briefing... One day, in a Trump security briefing, Secretary of Defense James Mattis is informing Trump of all the problems facing him. "North Korea has the capability to destroy us. They have long range ballistic missiles, nuclear weapons, ICBMs, and-"  "You see BMs? I thought I flushed!"
I wish I had Trump as a Teacher That way he wouldn't be President. . Stolen from a comment in another joke.
Angela Merkel visits Donald Trump in Washington During her stay Trump asks her: "Tell me Chancellor Merkel, what's the secret of your years of success?"   Chancellor Merkel responds: "Well I have always surrounded myself with intelligent people."   "Very interesting", says Trump, "but how exactly do you know if they are intelligent?"  "Well I just ask them a couple of simple questions. By their response I can quickly determine whether someone is intelligent or not."  "Would you mind showing me how to do that?" Trump asks.  Angela picks up the phone and calls Wolfgang Schäuble, her Minister of Finance and asks: "it's the son of your father but it's not your brother. Who is it?" The Minister replies: "That's easy, it's obviously me!"  Totally impressed Trump returns to the oval office and calls up his Vice-president Michael Pence. "Mike I have a question for you. It's the son of your father but it's not your brother. Who is it?" Micheal stalls for a moment, not knowing the answer. He tells Trump that he will sleep over it.   In the morning he wakes up still without a solution. So he rings up Barack Obama and passes the riddle to him. Obama immediately respons: "Well that's me!"  Relieved Michael calls up Trump and exclaims: "I got the answer to your question...it's Barack Obama!!!"  After a moment of silence, Trump explodes: "No you idiot, it's Wolfgang Schäuble!!!"
Donald Trump is so keen on his new Border Patrol Squad he recruits them all personally. Donald Trump is so keen on his new Border Patrol Squad he recruits them all personally.  A young applicant comes in and Trump greets him.  'There's no formalities here,' Trump assures the nervous young man, 'it's just a simple test.  Here's a gun with six bullets.  I want you to go out, shoot five Mexicans and a rabbit.'.   The young man looks bewildered and mumbles, 'Now why on Earth would I want to shoot a poor little rabbit?'   Trump smiles, shakes his hand and says, 'That's it, son, you're hired!'
Suppose you are an idiot and suppose you are a Member of Congress ? But... I repeat myself
The Trump administration is just like NASA's Juno spacecraft both orbit around gas giants
Why did the Democrat blame the Russia? So that the chicken would run and hide.
How many executive orders does Donald trump need to make america great again? Just 66
Whats the difference between Obamacare and your moms new boyfriend? Obamacare still gonna be here tomorrow. 
I hope Trump's wall won't upset the Mexicans I think they'll get over it though
The old man at the White House An old man approaches the White House from across Pennsylvania Avenue where he’d been sitting on a park bench. He speaks to the U.S. Marine standing guard and says, “I would like to go in and meet with President Obama.” The Marine looks at the man and says,  “Sir, Mr. Obama is no longer president and no longer resides here.” The old man says, “Okay,” and walks away. The following day the same man approaches the White House and says to the same Marine, “I would like to go in and meet with President Obama.” The Marine again tells the man, “Sir, as I said yesterday, Mr. Obama is no longer president and no longer resides here.” The man thanks him and again walks away.  On the third day, the same man approaches the White House and speaks to the very same U.S. Marine, saying, “I would like to go in and meet with President Obama.” The Marine, understandably agitated at this point, looks at the man and says, “Sir, this is the third day in a row you have been here asking to speak to Mr. Obama. I’ve told you already that Mr. Obama is no longer the president and no longer resides here. Don’t you understand?” The old man looks at the Marine and says,“Oh, I understand. I just love hearing it.” The Marine snaps to attention, salutes, and says, “See you tomorrow, Sir!”
New findings show another of Trumps failed businesses. Thus time in the sex industry. TRUMP PUMPS! For when your stump needs to be plump!
Why does Donald Trump deserve his presidency? Because he PUTIN a lot of effort!!!! :D :D :D 
You guys, I think Obama wiretapped me NVM, the popcorn's just done.
What's Trump's favourite kind of hole to abuse? A loophole.
Why does Donald Trump always oversleep? Fake Snooze.
What is it called when you die and Come back as D. Trump Reintardation 
Snoop Dogg should have given the official response to Trump's Presidential Address to Congress... He has probably participated in more Joint Sessions than just about anyone.
What do you call a sign at a Trump rally? A trump card.
Donald Trump and his chauffeur are driving on a country road. Suddenly, a pig runs in front of the car. The chauffeur has no time to react, so he runs over the animal, killing it instantly. They get out of the vehicle, look around and spot a small farm in the distance. Trump says:  The pig probably came from there. You should at least tell them that you killed the pig...  So the chauffeur does as he's told. Few hours later, he comes out of the farmhouse, covered in lipstick kiss marks, and a champagne in each hand. Trump asks:  Jesus! What did you tell them?  What you told me to;  "Hi I'm Donald Trump's chauffeur, and I've just killed the pig!"
A news reporter asked Donald Trump, "how would you resolve these seemingly endless accusations of crimes committed before your were elected President." Trump must not have heard the question because all he said was, "Pardon me."
What vegetable is banned in the White House..... Leeks
Why doesn't Donald Trump tweet at 3am anymore Because he has to wake up at 5 am to watch tv 
What's Donald Trump's favorite Metallica song? Sad! But True
What'd Donald Trump say to an immigrant whose house burnt down? You're fired...
My joke was removed for comparing Trump to Hitler Apparently it's against the rules to make personal attacks on someone even after they've been dead for over 70 years.
Trump is blaming Sanders for the violence at his rally... because you can't truly be Hitler until you blame a jew for all your problems.
Someone once asked me what my favorite Donald Trump quote was... Well it'd have to be this one:  “Look, having nuclear—my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer, Dr. John Trump at MIT; good genes, very good genes, OK, very smart, the Wharton School of Finance, very good, very smart —you know, if you’re a conservative Republican, if I were a liberal, if, like, OK, if I ran as a liberal Democrat, they would say I’m one of the smartest people anywhere in the world—it’s true!—but when you’re a conservative Republican they try—oh, do they do a number—that’s why I always start off: Went to Wharton, was a good student, went there, went there, did this, built a fortune—you know I have to give my like credentials all the time, because we’re a little disadvantaged—but you look at the nuclear deal, the thing that really bothers me—it would have been so easy, and it’s not as important as these lives are (nuclear is powerful; my uncle explained that to me many, many years ago, the power and that was 35 years ago; he would explain the power of what’s going to happen and he was right—who would have thought?), but when you look at what’s going on with the four prisoners—now it used to be three, now it’s four—but when it was three and even now, I would have said it’s all in the messenger; fellas, and it is fellas because, you know, they don’t, they haven’t figured that the women are smarter right now than the men, so, you know, it’s gonna take them about another 150 years—but the Persians are great negotiators, the Iranians are great negotiators, so, and they, they just killed, they just killed us.”
Why was Donald Trump unable to hang himself? Because of fake noose
How do Mexicans feel about Trump's wall They'll get over it
Dinosaurs exists, there's one in the white house... ...with a big mouth and small hands.
Donald Trump walks into a bar And the bartender pours himself a drink.
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and the Titanic? Only 109 women went down on the Titanic
Republicans are trying to get rid of the individual man date ...because they think it's a gay reality TV show. 
One might say Hillary fell for it. But I wouldn't have sided with that beef.  No, thank you!
Republicans keep trying to make me drink the Kool Aid But I know it's just white wine.
What is Trumps favourite flower? Pee-on-me's 
Breaking News: Dam breaks causing billions of gallons of water to spill uncontrolled toward defenseless town. Trump immediately dispatches The Army Corp of Engineers to stop it. Update: Watergate has been Trumped.
Peeps say trump's the Antichrist but.. I don't exactly agree. The Antichrist could probably pull off healthcare
To all who believe that the Clintons are like the Underwoods: At least Bill is more likely Underbush.
Why does Donald Trump like hummus so much? It's made with chick pee.
Trump----- more job Obama ----- no job  Bush ----- inside job  Clinton ----- blow job
Well, Trump unveiled his new campaign slogan last night.  With the way things are going I’m surprised he didn’t make it “Keep ameriKa Klean”.
A liberal democrat, conservative republican, and a trump regressive were sitting in a bar... arguing who has done more for space exploration. The liberal democrat said Kennedy was president when they sent Americans into outer space. The conservative republican said Nixon was president when they sent humans to the moon. The Trump regressive was silent for a while then said "Trump will be president when we send humans to the sun."  Silence fell over the two, then they started laughing. "I know what you're thinking," said the regressive "But Trump is smarter than that - he'll send them at night."
What do you get if you cross Prince Andrew and Donald Trump? Murdered in your prison cell.
Trump wants to buy Greenland Trump wants to buy Greenland. That way when climate change removes the last bit of snow from the area, he can proclaim that he achieved what no one else in history could. He made Greenland, green again.
Legally speaking the Trump proposition of buying the Greenland from Denmark...  is a weird borderline-case.
Trump wakes up from an operation. “Why are all the blinds drawn doctor?” Trump asked in his sleepy state. The doctor looked up from his clipboard and said,“There’s a big fire across the street and I didn’t want you to think that the operation failed.”
What is the Clinton's least favorite movie? The Witness
What's Donald Trump's favorite kind of cow? Moscow.
A man went to the Doctor because his dick had turned bright orange (note, this is NOT a Trump joke) The Doctor examined his penis, and exclaimed, "Well, I'm stumped, and have never seen this condition before.  Tell me, what did you do last night?"   The man said "Well, after getting home from work, I watched some porn and ate some Cheetos"
Donald Trump is like an orange Peel away the cover and all the juicy stuff comes out
How did Donald Trump get an injury? He was RUSSIAN about the Whitehouse! :D :D ^_^
What's Donald Trumps favorite breakfast? Eggs Benedict Arnold
Did you hear about Trump's ban on pre-shredded cheese? He wants to make America grate again.
Who is Donald Trump's favorite soccer team? Deportivo
Donald Trump is so dense that he can't do push ups, he pushes the world down.  No, this has nothing to do with Chuck Norris. Its punny because science and because Trump is making the world a worse place.
What sound would Donald Trump make at the bottom of the ocean? Billions of people cheering.
Trump clearly loves America... He's fucking it as much as he can!
Donald Trump, Bill Clinton, and Jeb Bush are adrift in a lifeboat... They've been surviving by catching fish and collecting rainwater. One day, Donald Trump hooks a very large fish, which takes all the men's strength to pull onboard. Upon closer examination, they realize that it it not actually a fish, but a mermaid instead. The mermaid says to them, "if you agree to set me free, I will grant each of you one wish." Donald Trump says, "ok, I wish I was at Pebble Beach playing a round of golf," and he is instantly transported there. Bill Clinton says, "wow, I wish I was at the Playboy Mansion getting a blowjob in a jacuzzi." Next thing he knows, he's there. The mermaid then asks Jeb Bush what he would like, and he says "I'm lonely, I wish those other guys were back here."
Congress quire What does the congressional choir sing at the end of a hymn? Amen-d.
Trump is like copper. He's better without oxygen.
Who us enjoying Trump's presidency? No Juan 
Obama was offered to get his face carved into Mount Rushmore But he declined. He didn't want to get ahead of himself. 
What Will Democrats Do About Trump? Nothing.
Trump and Putin sit down for a game Putin offers Trump to play a game. -Lets say something and guess if its true or false.I'll start.I have submarines in the chinese sea.Truth or False?  Trump replies-False!  -Nope,Truth!1-0.Your turn.  -Trump thinks and says-I have missiles aimed at Russia,ready to launch!Truth or False?  -Putin replies-Truth!  -No,its False!1-1  -Putin smiles and replies-Well its 1-1...but clearly im the one winning here. 
Donald Trump has made eating cheese mandatory He wants to make America grate again
The Trump administration just put a ban on all shredded cheese. I guess they wanted to Make America Grate Again
I hear they are putting Donald Trump on the penny. It's to help motivate us to phase them out over the next four years. 
How many republicans does it take to fix a leaky faucet? None - they will just blame Obama and then go on vacation.
How do lady Republicans get by without birth control? Nobody wants to fuck them
Did you hear of Trump's new cabinet position for border security? The Secretary of De Fence.
What's the difference between a bus full of Trump supporters and a porcupine? A porcupine has pricks on the outside 
Did you hear about the wall Trump is building? No Juan is safe!
How do you know when Trump is lying? His fingers are moving.
Earth now has a two Trump rule. You can't play a Trump card unless you can reasonably defend two questions without completely damaging your credibility.
What does trump call his putter when playing golf? Vladimir Puttin
Hilary Clintons first published book, Chapter 5 is titled "Kids don't come with Instructions" Apparently neither does Secretary of State
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton set aside their differences to talk to a group of third graders... So Hillary tells the students, "Today we are going to talk about the difference between a tragedy, a great loss, and an accident. Can anyone give me an example of a tragedy?"  A little boy raises his hand and says, "If a kid runs out on the street after a ball and gets hit by a car?" Donald goes, "No, that would be an accident, can anyone else try?"  A little girl raises her hand and says, "If a busload of kids drove off a cliff?" And this time Hillary goes, "No, that would be a great loss. Anybody else want to try?"  So a boy sitting in the back raises his hand and says, "If you and Donald Trump were on a plane and it blew up." Donald goes, "Very good, but can you tell me why it would be a tragedy?"   The boy replies, "Well, it wouldn't have been an accident, and it sure as hell wouldn't have been a great loss"
If Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were in a car accident, who would survive? America.
I was watching Hillary's press conference then my alarm went off.
Pablo Picasso, Albert Einstein, and Donald trump arrive in heaven. Saint Peter tells them that if they can prove that they really are who they say they are, they can go in. Picasso starts painting immediately, creating a master piece. Saint Peter thanks him and lets him in. He then turns to Einstein, who explains the theory of general relativity to him. Saint Peter thanks him and lets him in. He then turns to Trump, who is looking bemused, and tells him “If you can prove who you are, I will let you in, just like Picasso and Einstein.” Trumps answers “Who the hell are Picasso and Einstein?”, and Saint Peter says: “Thank you Donald, you can go in.”
Donald Trump is not fit to be President of the United States -Barrack Obama
You know why Trump takes Xanax? Because of Hispanic attacks. 
Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Donald Trump go for a walk in the woods... ...And they get completely lost. They are now wondering through the forest for hours, weather is starting to get worse, night is coming, its getting cold, its not looking good. Sad. When suddenly they spot a light coming from the nearby mountain, so they head on towards it.  When they get there, they find a cave, and the light is coming from within. They stand at the entrance unsure if they should enter, Clinton decides to go check it out, Bush and Trump decide to wait outside to see if its safe.  Clinton goes deeper into the cave, turns a corner, and what does he see? Its Bigfoot! He is standing in there, with a jar of Vaseline, rubbing it onto his massive, yuuuuge, 30 inch cock...   Trump and Bush who are still outside hear some horrible screaming, trashing sounds coming from the cave, few min later Clinton comes running out all bruised and his clothing torn and says: "Damn, there was a Bigfoot there, I fought it and broke both of its legs, but I just couldn't finish him off!"  Bush says he will go finish him off, while the others wait outside, he goes deeper into the cave, turns a corner, and what does he see? Its Bigfoot! He is standing in there, with a jar of Vaseline, rubbing it onto his massive 30 inch cock...   Trump and Clinton who are still outside, again hear some horrible screaming, trashing sounds coming from the cave, few min later Bush comes running out also bruised and his clothing torn and says: "Wow, that Bigfoot sure is tough, I fought it, and broke both of its arms, but still couldn't finish it off..."  Trump says, "Stand back and watch how its done kids." and walks deeper into the cave.  Clinton and Bush standing outside hear some inhumane screams, trashing, banging, indescribable noises... Clinton turns to Bush and says, "Yeah, sorry, I guess you saw that I didn't really hurt the Bigfoot..." Bush says: "Yeah man, totally, I couldn't really do much to it either, but I did manage to steal this here jar of Vaseline..."
How will Mexico feel when Trump's wall is built? ...They'll get over it
If Donald Trump had been elected... He would be President of the United States rather than Rezidentura of the Indicted Reprobates.
Why don't Melania and Donald Trump sleep in the same bed? She was tired of Putin's snoring.  Edit:credit to NPR for the joke  Edit 2: holy shit rip inbox  
What's the Republican version of a libtard? A retard.
Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau run a 100-meter race... Trudeau easily overtakes Trump and wins.  Minutes later, the White House tweets a press note:  "President Trump won prestigious silver in US-Canada race. The Canadian showed up second-to-last."
What do Mexicans think about Trump's wall? It doesn't matter. They'll get over it. 
The American Medical Association weighs in on Trumpcare   The American Medical Association has weighed in on Trump's proposed health care package to replace Obama-care:  The Allergists were in favor of scratching it, but the Dermatologists advised not to make any rash moves.  The Gastroenterologists had sort of a gut feeling about it, but the Neurologists thought the Administration had a lot of nerve.  Meanwhile, Obstetricians felt certain everyone was laboring under a misconception, while the Ophthalmologists considered the idea shortsighted.  Pathologists yelled, "Over my dead body!" while the Pediatricians said, "Oh, grow up!"  The Psychiatrists thought the whole idea was madness, while the Radiologists could see right through it.  Surgeons decided to wash their hands of the whole thing and the Internists claimed it would indeed be a bitter pill to swallow.  The Plastic Surgeons opined that this proposal would "put a whole new face on the matter."  The Podiatrists thought it was a step forward, but the Urologists were pissed off at the whole idea.  Anesthesiologists thought the whole idea was a gas, and those lofty Cardiologists didn't have the heart to say no.  In the end, the Proctologists won out, leaving the entire decision up to the assholes in Washington
President Trump promised to take care of the Mexicans, the Muslims, and to drain the swamp... But what about the ogre?
Donald Trump looks great in orange... but even better impeach.
Trump has signed an executive order to build the wall. The firewall.
Americans living abroad are apologizing for Trump so much that, people are starting to think we're Canadians. 
Donald Trump just announced his March Madness pick It's TrumpU
Trump's New Toothbrush brand Our Slogan is Trump's new toothbrush brand will make your teeth whiter than Trump's vision of America! 
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin meet with guests at the White House One of the guests asks: “Mister President, what are you talking about with president Putin?” – “We are planning World War III.' - 'And what does it look like?' – Trump: “We will kill 4 million Muslims and a dentist...” The guest looks a bit confused: “Why a dentist?” - Putin claps Trump on the back and says, “What did I tell you, Donald? No one will ask about the Muslims.”
I saw the clearest evidence in not supporting trump in the paper today He eats his steak well done.  With ketchup.
As the Lord gave his Revelations to man, he warned that the end times would be heralded in by trumpets. "Trumpets, my Lord?"  "Yes, Trump/Pence."  "Got it, Trumpets."
What is TrumpCare? An oxymoron.
Trump's final solution... Gas the news
A Republican sees a kid in the yard. A Republican sees a kid in the yard playing with mud. Watches him for a while and realizes that kid is making little men. Asks: -Hey kiddo what are you doing? - Oh! Me? I am making Trump dolls. - Really, how? - I put some earth, water, and shit. Stir it and make little men.  The republican feels offended and got furious, then beats the kid very bad. Next day, republican sees the kid again in the yard doing same thing and asks: -Hey kid what are you doing? - I am making Obama dolls. - Really, how? - I put some earth, water. Stir it and make little men. - What about shit, don't you add shit? - Oh, no! Kid replies. - When I put shit in it, they become Trump. 
Why couldn't Trump get his Healthcare passed? Because he has a pee-existing condition! 
Survey found that 1 in 3 Democrats are of below average IQ The other two are dead or imaginary. 
We're building a wall. Get over it! - Donald Trump We will - Mexico 
A man asked Jeb Bush a question... and Jeb couldn't give him a good answer. The next day he asked George Bush the same question and he was able to answer it just fine. I guess you could say he was... beating around the wrong Bush?
I thought Republicans were the stupidest people in the world for calling Obama "Hussein" Then I saw the Democrats call Trump "Drumpf"
Did you you hear about Trump's plan to paint every American vehicle pink? Me just wants to be proud to say, "Wow, look at this pink carnation!"
Trump says Muslims don't integrate. He should have them take Calculus tests instead of Citizenship tests.
Trump knows the same thing for coffee and his wife's He likes both from a third world country and at a reasonable price.
Our President Trump is naturally gifted! There are not many people who can talk and shit through the same hole.
Trump was cleaning his gun in Trump Tower... Kellyanne Conway walks in and asks,   Kellyanne: "Why do you have a gun?"    Trump: "Obama Spy Drones"    Kellyanne: \*laughs\*  Trump: \*laughs\*  Microwave: \*laughs\*  Trump shoots the Microwave.
The Trump Administration lies so much The Trump Administration lies so much that if they were talking puppets, their noses would have discovered a new galaxy by now.
The best part of getting a hand job from Trump How giant your penis looks in his iddy biddy hands
We get it Mr. Trump, you have bulletproof shoes. ....That doesn't mean you should keep shooting yourself in the foot. 
Donald Trump and Mike Pence are running around the White House… After they finish their lap they check their stopwatch which says 10:38,Mike Pence asks if thats a white house record, Trump says no Bush did 9:11
Why did the Trumpeter get in trouble? He got caught tooting his own horn. 
How to describe Donald Trump's presidency in one word WallRus
In light of the recent events, President Trump calls an emergency cabinet meeting .. ...Trump: "Gentlemen, there's an American agent among us. "
What is the name of Trumps favourite Disney movie? Wall-E
What do you call a plastic mannequin of Donald Trump shopping for furniture at Ikea? A Russian nesting doll.
We all know how Trump's presidency is going to end... [Removed]
There's only one person we need to work in the White House to Make America Great Again: Brad's wife.
Apple announces funding Trump's Wall To stop immigrants Steveing our Jobs
Why does Donald Trump walk so slow? He doesn't want people to think he's rushin'.
The purple man lives in the purple house. The green man lives in the green house. The blue man lives in the blue house. Who lives in the White House? The orange man.
What is trump's favorite book of the Bible? Nehemiah
In a Russian deck of cards, what is the Trump card called? The Jack of Asses.
Trump visits Merkel... Trump visits Merkel, and in a private moment he asks her why she was able to stay in office basically scandal-free and sucessfully for so long. She answered "Because I make sure to only recrute intelligent people for my ministries." "Wow, how do you make sure that they are intelligent?" Merkel smiled "Easy." she took out her phone and called Wolfgan Schäuble. "Wolfgang, quick question. This man is the son of your father, but not your brother. Who is it?" without a second of thought, Schäuble imidiatly answered "Me of course." Merkel hung up and smiled "That is how you make sure they are intelligent."  Trump, impressed by this, went back to America and asked Pence "Mike, this man is the son of your father, but not your brother. Who is it?" Pence was confused, couldn't find the answer, so he got his own top-researcher team who looked into it, but couldn't find an answer, so he finally called Obama. Obama laughed and answered immidiatly "Me of course." Pence, totally happy, went to Trump: "Mr. Trump, I have the answer, it is Barack Obama!" Trump looked at Pence annoyed "No idiot, it is Wolfgang Schäuble."
A hole has been found in the changing room wall of the USA women's national football team.... Donald Trump has took charge and is looking into it 
Trump visits NASA... He called a meeting of all the top scientists and department heads. As a staffer called for quiet, everyone took a seat and Trump stepped up to the lectern and began speaking.  "I'm very happy to be here with the fine people of NASA today. Very happy. As you know, during my campaign I promised the people that I would Make America Great Again. We had a great campaign, didn't we? The best. The very best. Marvelous. Anyway, you folks here at NASA have accomplished some amazing things over the years. The moon landing: great! The Mars robot car thing, just great. But to be honest, that's old news. Old news. I know you're working on projects to go back to the moon and mars, but today I'm here to announce that we're scrapping all that. Let Europe or China do all that. They can have it. It's boring. We need a bold, new vision to show our greatness to the world once again. So, today, I'm directing NASA to begin a new American space project:"  "We're going to the sun!"  The room fell into shocked silence for a moment. Then, one engineer near the front raised his hand. Trump nodded his way.   "Uh, sir?" he said "That is, uh, Mr. President? Um, well sir, the sun is an ongoing nuclear reaction with a surface temperature of nearly 6000 degrees Kelvin..."   The President continued to stare at him.  "...uh, that is to say, it's hot, sir. The sun is very, very hot. Any ship we sent would melt long before it could reach the sun. Sir."  Trump furrowed his brow, and said "Huh. Hadn't thought of that. Let me make a few calls. I know some smart guys. Very smart. Give me an hour and I'll get back to you."  An hour later, Trump re-entered the room, and once again stepped to the lectern.  "Ok, we got it. It was actually Dr. Ben Carson who came up with this. Great guy. Did you know that he's black? The blacks, they just love me. They really do. Anyway, here it is, and to be frank I'm kind of disappointed that you people didn't think of this. I mean you're supposed to be a bunch of geniuses, right? So, here it is."  "We're gonna go...at night."
What shoes does hilliary clinton wear....... Scandals!!!!!
"I have a solution to all the mass shootings affecting our country," proclaimed the Trump supporter "Let's enforce the well-regulated clause of the second amendment by banning all rapid firing assault type rifles, having mandatory gun-locks on all weapons in homes where there is a child under 21 years old, 10 day background checks on private sales and removing guns from households where domestic violence or internet threats against others have taken place."  "Wow," said the neighbor. "It sounds like you've put together a comprehensive plan of action."  "Nah, just kidding. Thoughts and prayers should do the trick."
Donald Trump won the presidency and everyone laughed ... it was Hillary-less.
How would Donald Trump declare war on other countries? "You're fired." 
What's the difference between extremist and /r/the_donald? At least one group can grow a beard.
I saw Donald Trump walk by Natalie Portman and Ben Stiller without stopping... Turns out he really doesn't recognize Jewish Stars.
Those "Run Hillary, Run!" bumper stickers are selling incredibly well Democrats put them on the back of their cars, Republicans put them on the front!
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a thief? Nothing.
It's no wonder that Trump likes the Russians so much... ...as neither of them have a good history with the Poles.
Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Tim Kaine, Mike Pence and an elderly lady were on a plane Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Tim Kaine, Mike Pence and an elderly lady were on a plane that was halfway across the Atlantic Ocean on their way to America. Suddenly, the plane began to start shaking violently.  A voice on the intercom said, "We lost an engine! Going Down! Passengers take a parachute and get away before it blows!"  Unfortunately there were only 4 parachutes available.  Hillary grabbed one, said, "I'm sorry, but as a potential first female president and keeper of Wall Street interests I can't end it here. I must go" and she jumped.  Kaine grabbed one, said, "Sorry, but she can't do half the things she said if not for an old white guy behind her, so I have to go too" and jumped  Trump grabbed one, said, " This is no doubt an attack by ISIS. I must survive to defeat them, protect our borders and make America great again" and jumped.  The elderly women looked out the door and saw the three fall, but no parachutes were open. She turned to Pence and nodded.  Pence went to the intercom and said, "It's done. They're gone. Let's go home."  "Yes, Mr. President."
Trump joke last night... What did Hillary say when she bumped into Donald after the election?  "Pardon me"
Donald Trump's Clock It's a slow day in heaven, so St. Peter decides to show a new guy around.  St. Peter shows him all of the sights: the golf course, library, observation deck, cafeteria and a huge room full of clocks.  "What's up with those clocks, Peter?"  "Everyone on Earth has a clock that shows how much time he has left. When a clock runs out of time, the person dies and comes to the gates to be judged."  The guy notices that some of the clocks are going faster than others. St. Peter tells him that every time a living person tells a lie, it speeds up his clock.  The guy notices one clock in the center of the ceiling with both hands whirling around at an unbelievable rate.  "What's the story with that clock?"  "Oh, that," St. Peter replies. "That's Donald Trump's clock. We decided to use it as a fan."
Why won't Hillary ever pull out? She's never finished screwing people.
Why was Hillary Clinton so happy on the Battlefield1 release day? .... she uses her own servers
Should have named Hurricane Matthew - Hurricane Hillary Because it's going to fuck our country up
If Trump becomes president... Orange will really be the new black
What kind of swing did Donald Trump play on as a young lad? A *g**rope* swing
Bill Clinton rapes a woman... Hillary Clinton then says to him...  "Bill did you rape another woman?"  Get it? Bill Clinton rapes women....
It is no surprise that Republicans love Donald Trump. Elephants are know for going Trump,  Trump,  Trump.
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks
What's the difference between the Hillary Clinton and a piece of fruit? The fruit can only get so rotten.
Donald Trump walks into a bar... He sits at the bar, and a nice (white) waiter comes to serve him, Trump places his order and waits. When his order came a new (mexican) waiter came over and handed him his food. When the (mexican) waiter realized it was Donald Trump he was very upset and started yelling at him.  MW- "How dare you insult my people!! Do you have any idea why we came to America!! Because it was a free country"  DT- "It's politics!! If you don't like what I'm doing, build my wall and get over it!!"
Why does Trump secretly want to lose the election? Because if he wins, he'll have to move into a smaller house, that's in a black neighborhood.
Monica Lewinsky isn't voting for Hillary. The last Clinton presidency left a bad taste in her mouth.
Bill Clinton is aboard the Lolita express .....when the engines fail at 30,000 feet. Jeffrey Epstein and Bill put on parachutes and head for the door. The copilot says, "What about the children?" "Fuck the children," Epstein says. Bill looks over his shoulder and laughs, then says, "We already did."
How does Donald Trump get a colonoscopy? He straps a GoPro to Vladimir Putin's dick.
Does Obama have the authority to give away the Internet? When asked to comment, President Obama responded "Yes, ICANN"
What did the Republican study in college? Wait, buying guns and hating progress isn't college
Democrat Headlights Told my wife my headlights must be Democrats, they don't work.
Why does President Trump like golf so much? The balls are white, the flag is sacred and the smaller the handicap, the better. 
Donald Trump &amp; Hillary Clinton walk into a Bar... Donald leans over, and With A smile on his face, says, "The media is really tearing you apart for That Scandal." Hillary: "You mean my lying about Benghazi?" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "You mean the massive voter fraud?" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "You mean the military not getting their votes counted?" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "Using my secret private server with classified material to Hide my Activities?" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything Else?" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, Hiring Cronies, And taking bribes from foreign countries? Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "You mean the drones being operated in our own country without The Benefit of the law?" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it Declared Bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?" Trump: "No the other one:" Hillary: "The funding of neoNazis in the Ukraine that led to the toppling of the democratically elected president and to the biggest crisis that country has had since WWII ?" Trump: "No the other one:" Hillary: "Turning Libya into chaos?" Trump: "No the other one:" Hillary: "Being the mastermind of the so-called “Arab Spring” that only brought chaos, death and destruction to the Middle East and North Africa ?  Trump: "No the other one:" Hillary: "Leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi and go to sleep? Trump: "No the other one:" Hillary: "Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?" Trump: "No the other one:" Hillary: "The funding and arming of terrorists in Syria, the destruction and destabilization of that nation, giving the order to our lapdogs in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to give sarin gas to the "moderate" terrorists in Syria that they eventually used on civilians, and framed Assad, and had it not been for the Russians and Putin, we would have used that as a pretext to invade Syria, put a puppet in power, steal their natural resources, and leave that country in total chaos, just like we did with Libya?  Trump: "No the other one:" Hillary: "The creation of the biggest refugees crisis since WWII Trump: "No the other one:" Hillary: "Leaving Iraq in chaos? " Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "The DOJ spying on the press?" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 Months Later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "The NSA monitoring citizens' ?" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet" Trump: "No, the other one." Hillary: "I give up! ... Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware, when Bill left Office?" Trump: "THAT'S IT! I almost forgot about that one".
Whats Donald Trumps favorite movie? The wall.
The pope asked for Trump's enlightenment, to which God responded... I've done a lot of miracles, but give me a fucking break.
Donald Trump isn't my president! Actually I'm Australian so....
Why can't President Trump bring back hanging? Because of all the fake noose.
Donald Trump is like Jon Snow He's obsessed with the wall and he knows nothing
Donald Trump delivers remarks at the Women's Empowerment Panel. That's the punch line.
Donald Trump visits an old folks' home to mingle with the people and pick up a little good P.R. at the same time. He walks up to a sweet old lady in a wheelchair who smiles at him with an other wise blank stare.   "Do you know who I am ?" asks Donald Trump.  She responds, "No, but if you ask the desk, they'll tell you.
White House receives a bomb threat White house receives a bomb threat and captures the guy who sent in the package. The agents ask him:  Why did you send this to the white house?  the terrorist says in anger:  It's because Trump is a lying criminal! He is threat to this great coun...  The agent interrupts before he could finish talking. He asks in confusion:  But why did you send this?  The terrorist shouts in confidence:  It's a bomb! I was gonna blow his head off!  The agent still confused asks him a followup question:  OK. But this is a Samsung Galaxy S8...  The terrorist laughs at the agents:  You idiots! I knew this administration was full of idiots! You don't even read the news?!  The agents still confused about the whole thing asks:  Yeah, we know that story. But that happened with Galaxy Note 7. It's a completely different phone. Samsung fixed the battery exploding issue.  The terrorist says:  If I learned anything from 2016, it's to never believe a rich man promising everything is gonna be fixed.  The agents confiscate the phone and checks if there's any bomb installed. After checking no modification has been made to the phone, they send it directly back to Trump. One of the agents asks:  Why are we sending the phone back to Mr. Trump?  The agent who sent the phone says:  It's ok. If it explodes, we'll blame Apple.   
I think we can get Republicans on board with climate change initiatives if we just focus on consequences that mean something to them. I've read that polar ice is melting causing polar bears to migrate south.  They've actually started sharing habitat with grizzly bears and are even interbreeding with them. Now if there's one thing Republicans hate more than science it's interracial marriage. So all we need to do is let them know that global warming is causing proud white bears to hook up with little brown ones and the GOP should come right around. 
Why doesn't Donald Trump like hummus? He prefers unprocessed chickpea 
Why does Trump watch the Olympic Games? To see how high the Mexicans can jump
Trump and Obama go to the same barber Trump and Obama go to the same barber to get a shave. After Trump is done, the barber asks if he'd like some cologne or aftershave. "No", he says, "my wife will think I've been to a whore house" . After Obama gets shaved, the barber asks him the same thing. "Sure, go ahead", he says. "My wife doesn't know what a  whore house smells like".
Reporter: So, Mr. Trump, you say you have a very high IQ? Reporter: So, Mr. Trump, you say you have a very high IQ?  Trump: Yes, I actually do extremely difficult puzzles on a daily basis  Reporter: Oh, really?  Trump: Yes, they involve complex mathematics, artistic skill, and logistics.  Reporter: Tell me more  Trump: Some of them even have 60 dots to connect!
President Trump, the Pope, and the MSM Are on a Yacht... Everyone was chatting when suddenly, the Pope's hat blew off into the wind, and landed right in the ocean! It was much too far off for anyone to reach, or retrieve.   Suddenly, President Trump raises his right hand and says, "_I got this. Believe me._" The Pope, and the Mainstream media look confused. President Trump calmly waltzes over to the edge of the yacht, and jumps! Everyone gasps, but a splash was not heard, rather a "_thump_"!   The Pope, and MSM scurried to see what had happened, and saw the President standing on water! Standing! It was like the water was a solid platform!   President Trump then walks leisurely to the hat, remaining perfectly collected -  walking on water - grabs the hat, and jumps, he _jumps_ right back onto the yacht. He smiles and hands the Pope his hat as if nothing had happened. The Pope is frozen in shock, and says "Oh my God!" Then faints into President Trump's arms.  The next day the headline of the New York Times said:  "_Pope is Shocked that President Trump Doesn't Know How to Swim!_"
What do you call a Trump supporter who can both read *and* write? The intellectual elite of their movement.
A thief breaks into the white house and Melania asks...  "Donald, did you lose your keys again?"
What’s has tiny fuzzy hair, is kind of orange pink and shares resemblance to Tyrion Lannister? You get one clue, it’s also something that will likely happen to Donald Trump. Imp-peach.
How many Republicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? If the moderate republicans do it one way then, the freedom caucus won't like it and if the freedom caucus does it one way then the moderate republicans won't like it. Eh forget it just try again in a couple of years.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are together in a crashing plane, who will be the only survivor? America
Hillary campaign is funded with money from her cloud computing business What else would she do with all those extra cycles on her own servers?
Listen, guys, Trump does NOT have "small hands" They're just the perfect size for a 12 year old girl
Why did Donald Trump cross the road? To grab some pussy.
So apparently Donald Trump is in deep water for comments he made about women 10 years ago. Just like a female to bring up shit from the past.   Hugh Mungus for President. I'm out.
You're meeting identical triplets tonight. One's from the Army, one's a lifestyle Vegan, and one is a diehard Trump supporter. How do you tell them apart? Don't worry. They'll tell you.
Why isnt Monica Lewinsky voting for Hillary? The last Clinton left a bad taste in her mouth. 
Trump Protest Throw tampons at Trump in protest...  Just go out, buy a giant box of tampax, or whatever and toss them right in his face. The blatant misogyny deserves a flagrant protest. Force him to be as uncomfortable as all the women he just sexually exploited. We can call it... #TampOutTrump
Hey guys! I heard Trump was throwing a massive Party on the 31st... But he said no Mexican's Hallowed :(
Donald Trump answers the question during the debate... Mr Trump, what is 2+2? "I have to say a lot of people have been asking this question. No, really. A lot of people come up to me and they ask me. They say, "What's 2+2"? And I tell them look, we know what 2+2 is. We've had almost eight years of the worst kind of math you can imagine. Oh my god, I can't believe it. Addition and subtraction of the 1s the 2s and the 3s. Its terrible. Its just terrible. Look, if you want to know what 2+2 is, do you want to know what 2+2 is? I'll tell you. First of all the number 2, by the way I love the number 2. It's probably my favorite number, no it is my favorite number. You know what, it's probably more like the number two but with a lot of zeros behind it. A lot. If I'm being honest, I mean, if I'm being honest. I like a lot of zeros. Except for Marco Rubio, now he's a zero that I don't like. Though, I probably shouldn't say that. He's a nice guy but he's like, "10101000101", on and on, like that. He's like a computer! You know what I mean? He's like a computer. I don't know. I mean, you know. So, we have all these numbers and we can add them and subtract them and add them. TIMES them even. Did you know that? We can times them OR divide them, they don't tell you that, and I'll tell you, no one is better at the order of operations than me. You wouldn't believe it. That I can tell you. So, we're gonna be the best on 2+2, believe me, is going to be beautiful. OK? Alright. Thank you."
Many Republican and Democrat politicians do not want Donald Trump to become President of the US It would be a huge loss for them since there will no longer be any reason for Trump to donate money to any of their campaigns in the future
Monica, is that you? In light of Bill Clinton's hush-hush meeting with Attorney General Loretta Lynch, I wonder if Ms. Lynch will eventually have her own "Linda Tripp", so to speak. Wouldn't that be icing on the cake... or would that be jizz on the dress?
Hillary Clinton vs. Donald Trump.... About now, I'll bet those Jade Helm 15 conspiracy theorists are disappointed they weren't correct.
I really hope Hillary Clinton doesn't become our next president.... I don't think i can handle another bush in office.
What is the difference between Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton? How their name's spelt.
#NeverHillary Hashtag was started by Bill Clinton when he was asked about who he would have sex with.
Hillary has chosen Bernie as her running-mate! Bernie Madoff
How did Third Eye Blind start their set at the Republican National Convention? "And a 1..1..2..3..5..."
The FBI has found Donald Trump lied to them, can prove it, and he will not admit it... yet people still support him.... Oh wait that's Hillary 
Found this joke in the leaked DNC emails &gt;NOTICE: This communication may contain privileged or other confidential information. If you have received it in error, please advise the sender by reply email and immediately delete the message and any attachments without copying or disclosing the contents. Thank you.
Donald Trump needs to answer the one question on everyone's mind, truthfully It's it a toupe or a come-over?! 
Why don't people give Melania Trump a break... Life is hard enough growing up as a black woman in the USA.
This week, Ohio hosts both the Republican National Convention and the annual Insane Clown Posse Gathering of the Juggalos... One is a mass gathering of a bunch on ignorant and frightening clowns and the other is a music festival.
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump get into a car crash, who survives? America
The Pope and Trump are on the same stage in Yankee stadium in front of a huge crowd. The Pope leans toward Trump and says "Do you know that with one little wave of my hand I can make every person in this crowd go wild with joy? This will not be a momentary display, but will go deep into their hearts and they'll forever speak of this day and rejoice."   Trump replied "I seriously doubt that! With one little wave of your hand...show me!"  So the Pope backhanded him and knocked him off the stage.   AND THE CROWD ROARED AND CHEERED WILDLY and there was happiness throughout the land. 
"I am a strong, independent black woman who doesn't need a man" -Melania Trump
Trump's starting a new golf company named... ENTITLE^d IST  
If con is the opposite of pro, then is Congress the opposite of progress? A little boy goes to his dad and asks, "What is politics?" The dad says, "Well son, let me try to explain it this way: I'm the breadwinner of the family, so let's call me capitalism. Your mother, she's the administrator of the money, so we'll call her the government. We're here to take care of your needs, so we'll call you the people. The nanny, we'll consider her the working class. And your baby brother, we'll call him the future. Now, think about that and see if that makes sense." The little boy goes off to bed thinking about what dad had said. Later that night, he hears his baby brother crying, so he gets up to check on him. He finds that the baby has soiled his diaper. The little boy goes to his parents' room and finds his mother sound asleep. Not wanting to wake her, he goes to the nanny's room. Finding the door locked, he peeks in the keyhole and sees his father in bed with the nanny. He gives up and goes back to bed. The next morning, the little boy says to his father, "Dad, I think I understand the concept of politics now." The father says, "Good son, tell me in your own words what you think politics is all about." The little boy replies, "Well, while capitalism is screwing the working class, the government is sound asleep, the people are being ignored and the future is in deep shit."
Trump administration is good because its been more than 100 days and he still hasn't tweeted the nuclear launch codes
I think politicians who come from a background like Trump's have trouble relating to the average American. Just listen to the way he talks. You can tell he was born with a lead spoon in his mouth.
Donald Trump on whether he still agrees with his statement that "women should be punished for having abortions" "No, he was asking me a theoretical, or just a question in theory, and I talked about it only from that standpoint. Of course not. And that was done, he said, you know, I guess it was theoretically, but he was asking me a rhetorical question, and I, and I gave an answer. And by the way, people thought from an academic standpoint, and, asked rhetorically, people said that answer was an unbelievable academic answer, but of course not, and I said that afterwards.”  PS the joke is that you guys are electing him 
Bernie Sanders walks into a bar and he redistributes all of the drinks until everyone has the same amount of alcohol ...
What's Donald Trumps favorite Pink Floyd album The wall
So Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton are walking on the sidewalk. Suddenly Trump looks at Hilary, touts his lips and says "Hey, now *I* want to wallk in the middle !"
Bounty Towels have declined making a Donald Trump Towel The company explained that it was impossible to make the towel because Donald Trump was already too self-absorbed. 
Why was Donald Trump against the selling of pre-shredded cheese? He wanted to make America grate again.
Damn girl, are you Hilary Clinton's email server? Damn girl, are you Hilary Clinton's email server? . Because your incredibly insecure . Hahaha 
What did Bill Clinton call the Oval Office? He called it the Oral Office.
The Clintons were driving around Bill's home town A couple of years after Bill Clinton had left office he and Hillary were driving around his hometown in Arkansas. There at a gas station they saw a man who worked there pumping gas who was about the same age as Bill. Playfully Bill asked Hillary what her life would have been like if she married that guy instead of him. Hillary turned to him coldly and said,  "that man would have been president and you would still be pumping gas. "
Donald Trump's Joke Donald Trump is speaking at a campaign event in South Carolina. He asks if the crowd wants to hear a joke? The southern crowd goes "USA! USA! USA!"   What do you call 10 illegal immigrants on the moon? A problem.  What do you call 100 illegals on the moon? A problem.   What do you call 1000 illegals on the moon? Still a problem.   What do you call all of the illegal immigrants on the moon? Problem solved. 
How can you tell if Hillary Clinton is lying? Her lips move.
Hillary Clinton visited her private doctor She asked: doctor, i don't feel so well  Let me check - he said  After a few minute, he came back with the test result  I'm affraid we have some bad new. You only have 5...  5 what? - Hillary interupted  4...3...
Hillary 4 Prez 2016 Upvote if you think Hillary Clinton will be the first f president!  Sorry, typo. The emale was deleted.
Pence and Trump are standing on a high balcony.  Below them is a great crowd. Trump whines, "They're so sad. Can't we cheer them up a bit?" Pence looks him up and down. "Well," he says, "you could jump." 
Trump is a godsend As in 1000 B.C. plague
If you put Hilary and Trump in a crushing plane, who is going to survive? The American people.
Whether Trump or Hillary becomes president, I won't be living in the USA afterwards From someone currently living in Europe with no plans of leaving because of being a student.
Why is Donald Trump So Orange? Too much Melanina.
Michelle Obama gave a great speech last night I can't wait to hear it again at the next Republican National Convention.
I don't get why everyone is so worried about Trump. He hasn't even been in office for a month. I'm sure once he has some time to learn and get things done, America will turn out all white.
Why is Donald Trump like Jesus?? He'll never be as good as his Daddy.
What's the difference between Goatse and Donald Trump? None at all. They're both yuuge assholes.
Trump's campaign slogan for 2020 You get out what you Putin
Did you hear about the scam artist named Bernie? Apparently he Madoff with a lot of people's money. 
Reports coming in from Detroit that during his visit to the church, Trump was AXED.... ....a lot of questions.
Republicans were just informed about the effects of Global Warming on the polar ice caps They're losing their cool!
Betting on Trump Two good friends, Tom and Mike, sit down at a bar one night to discuss politics.  Tom is a known Democrat and states "Hilary is the best choice for this country, I'm sure of it. There's no doubt in my mind that she will win our country over and take presidency by a landslide. Trump is going to ruin our country, I can't even fathom living in a country run by him."   Mike, a very educated intellectual political science major, also a known democrat, almost spits out his drink laughing.  "Nonsense! Trump's honesty will surely resonate within every American's heart come election time, and will undoubtedly win! In fact, I'm willing to bet $5000 that Trump will be president by the end of the year!"   Thinking the friend is off his rockers, the first friend gladly accepts the bet.  A few months later, after heavy controversy and corruption at the polls, Trump came out victorious by a very small margin.   Distraught and defeated, Tom goes to Mike's apartment the next day to deliver the money by hand. Surprisingly, the landlord answered, and Tom explained the situation to the landlord. The landlord responded:  "That's strange, I heard Mike sobbing from my room last night, when they had announced the winner. He then came over this morning to announce his leave and paid the remainder of his rent."  Suddenly, Tom's phone rings. It's Mike.   "Hey Tom, bring the money to the airport. Thanks again for paying for me to leave the country!"
What happens if Hillary Clinton gets so sick she dies before the general election?     ...she goes to hell
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton's email and a black hole One is an endless void of nothingness, the other is a black hole.
Hillary Clinton probably would do nothing to stop Black Lives Matter. Isn't that a riot?
Which course did Hillary Clinton select when playing Mario Kart? The short circuit
What's the difference between donald trump and a bucket of shit? the bucket
Why does Donald Trump watch the olympics? To see how high the mexican pole jumpers can jump.
Trump's actually a pretty nice guy He just threw me the presidency 
So two Corinthians walk into a bar and see Trump sitting at the bar...  Just as Donald is about to open his mouth...in walk the 2 Corinthians.
Why doesn't Melania Trump want her husband to become President? She doesn't want to move into a smaller house in a black neighborhood. 
What's the difference between Donald Trump and /r/Jokes? Nothing. They both manage to stay popular despite a whole load of crap.
How many Donald Trumps does it take to screw a light bulb I don't know but to screw a country it only takes one
In these modern times to be inspiring is hard. Donald Trump would like to ask you all. "Don't ask what your country can do for you... But what can Mexico do for your country!"
It seems many women are turned off by Donald Trump... Maybe it's because he rubs them the wrong way...
Clinton consults the past Hillary went for a walk one morning and came upon the Washington monument. She asked, "George, what should I do?" After a few seconds a ghostly voice replied, "Abolish the IRS and start over." She thought about this for a few seconds and continued her walk.  Shortly afterwards she stepped up to the Jefferson Memorial and stopped to ask "Tom, what should I do?" After a few seconds Tom's disembodied voice replied, "Abolish welfare and start over."  She thought about this while continuing on to the Lincoln Memorial, and once again she asked the same question.  After a few seconds Abe replied, "Why don't you take the night off and go to the theater?"
What's the difference between Kim Jong Un and Donald Trump? Donald Trump has smaller hands.
Who says Hillary Clinton sucks? That's not true,... ...just ask Bill
Overheard from a 14 year old: Why does Donald Trump watch the Olympics? To see how high Mexicans can pole vault
Bill Clinton has been battling the same illness for 17 years. Pneumonica.
Doctors have discovered what is causing Hillary Clinton's seizures. They found brain tumors in her ass.
What is Obama's least favourite instrument in an orchestra? The Trumppence
Donald Trump likes everything gold... Especially his showers
Trump may not be looking forward to his press conference today. In fact, I heard he's pretty pissed about it. 
Trump hates M. Kelly But he loves R. Kelly
What's Donald Trump's favorite album to listen to? The Wall
President Trump received congratulations from the Pope himself... Because thanks to him half the world started praying.
Did you know Trump played soccer in high school? He was a goalkeeper, set up a wall like you've never seen...
What movie did Trump watch with his family tonight? Wall-E
Putin, Trump and Merkel are all at a seaside resort having an argument... The topic of the debate is which country has the best submarines.  Putin begins, saying "Russian submarines are best in the world! They can stay submerged for weeks at a time before needing supplies."  Trump laughs, "Oh no no, AMERICAN submarines are the best in the world. I know it, you know it, everybody knows it! They can go for months without needing supplies!"  Merkel opens her mouth to speak, but is interrupted by a large submarine emerging from the water. The hatch opens, and a sailer shouts at them,   "Sieg Heil! We need fuel!"
Trump decided to make some music with his old clarinet... he called it "Alternative Rock."
What do you do when your running for president and the FBI releases a scathing report about your opponent You publicly praise Sadam Hussein
Maybe Trump is right,and he's been warning us all along If he's elected, there will be a wall, and mexico will pay for it, to keep americans out
What was the proudest moment of Bill Clinton's life? When he was given Head       Of State
I knew something wasn't right with Melania Trump's speech... ... when she came out on stage in blackface and referred to her daughters Malia and Natasha. 
What is donald trumps biggest fear? Mexican ghosts that can walk through walls
What's the opposite of Congress? Progress. 
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and a jackass? The jackass is not responsible for what it is.
How many congressmen does it take to change a lightbulb? Don't be silly, congressmen don't change anything.
OC: What is a Democrats least favorite card game? Spades.  Because spades are always Trump.    (Just came up with this one today. I thought it was rather clever)  (Edit:  Took advice from comments and made it a one-line punchline.)
What’s difference between a Neanderthal and trump? A Neanderthal knew he wasn’t a deity nor a god
Trump, Obama, Clinton, and Bush decided to have a sprinting race    Trump, Obama, Clinton, and Bush decided to have a sprinting race to see who's the fastest  Trump went first and he ran from the start to the finish line in 23:34 minutes  Clinton went second and got 15:28 minutes  Obama went after and did 10 minutes, thinking he may have won, Obama is fairly optimistic  Until Bush did 9:11
Obama and Trump are told to race to see who could sprint 1 pussy plant faster. Who wins? Obama. Trump hasn't yet figured out how to run a cunt-tree.
A Republican and a Democrat are walking down the street. They come upon a homeless beggar.  The Republican reaches into his pocket and pulls out twenty dollars  handing it to the man.   The Democrat is impressed by his fellow's unexpected generosity. They continue down the road and soon come upon another beggar. Not wanting to be outdon the Democrat reaches into the Republican's pocket and pulls out fifty dollars for the man.
Trump has a heart attack and ends up in Hell where the Devil is waiting for him... "I don't know what to do," says the Devil. "You're on my list but I have no room for you. But you definitely have to stay here, so I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I've got three people here who weren't quite as bad as you. I'll let one of them go, but you have to take their place. I'll even let YOU decide who leaves." Trump thought that sounded pretty good so he agreed.  The devil opened the first room. In it was Richard Nixon and a large pool of water. He kept diving in and surfacing empty handed over and over and over, such was his fate in Hell. "No!" Trump said. "I don't think so. I'm not a good swimmer and I don't think I could do that all day long."  The Devil led him to the next room. In it was Tony Blair with a sledgehammer and a room full of rocks. All he did was swing that hammer, time after time after time. "No! I've got this problem with my shoulder. I would be in constant agony if all I could do was break rocks all day!" commented Trump.   The Devil opened a third door. In it, Trump saw Bill Clinton lying naked on the floor with his arms staked over his head and his legs staked in spread-eagle pose. Bent over him was Monica Lewinsky, doing what she does best.  Trump looked at this in disbelief for a while and finally said, "Yeah, I can handle this."  The Devil smiled and said, "Monica, you're free to go!"
Why doesn’t Donald Trump worry about droughts? Because Treduea is making Meliana wetter than a rainforest.
How do you get Trump to care about the Amazon fires? Add Jeff Bezos after the words "Amazon fires"
What's Donald Trump's favorite spaghetti? Spaghetti alla Putin\_esca.  &amp;#x200B;  \[OC for your pleasure on this 26 Aug, 2019\]
Donald Trump can only do ninehundred and ten pushups Bush did 911
Did you hear they asked Aaron Hernandez if he wanted to watch the Patriots visit to The White House on the rec room TV? He said, "No thanks I'll just hang in my cell"
If Clinton is a cunt and Trump is an asshole then does that make Gary Johnson, the guy between them, the taint?
Did you hear the one about Tim Kaine at the debate tonight? He was interrupting like Donald Trump.
I really respect Donald Trump's campaign He's doing so much to help raise awareness for autism.
Did you hear about the football offensive coordinator who was republican? He was a conservative playcaller.
Why Did Donald Trump Get Fired When He Was a Carpenter? He wouldn't take down any walls. 
Say what you like about Donald Trump.. But he's doing more than anyone else in the world to stop Donald Trump from being elected president.
What happens when Hillary throws relevant questions? Donald Ducks   I'll show myself out
Trump Vineyards is proud to announce its latest vintage 2016 White Whine
Why is Donald Trump opposed to bags of shredded cheese? Because he wants to make America grate again 
Somebody broke Donald Trump's star last night. He lost his star, so what does Hillary lose? Nothing. SHE already lost 30,000 emails.
Why did Frankenstein vote Democrat? Because he had a screw loose.  *(Feel free to change to whichever party you oppose.)*
So republican is running for office and doing campaigning . he was in a rural area that wasn’t known to be a republican area and he stopped by a farm to do some campaigning.  And when the farmer heard he was a republican his jaw dropped and he said wait right here while I go get Ma. She’s never seen a republican before. And the candidate looked around for a podium from which to give his speech.  And the only thing he could find was a pile of m fertilizer. S he got up on the mound and when they came back he gave his speech.  And at the end of it the farmer said that is the first time I’ve ever heard a republican speech.   And the candidate said that’s the first time I’ve ever given a republican speech from a democratic platform ! 
Clinton Campaign Bus is Accused of Illegally Dumping 'Human Waste' on the side of a Georgia Road while... the Trump Campaign Bus illegally dumps 'human waste' every time Trump gets off it.
Why is Trump so sure he can't lose? Because every time he plays the slots he wins a soda can
If Donald Trump were a royal suit playing card, what would he be? The Jack of Shit.      
How do I know Trump will win a 2nd term? Redditors love to repost garbage.
There's a new The President show on Comedy Central starting the 27th about Donald Trump We can just watch Fox News until then. 
Trump: Foreign Policy?, if you mess with the United States There will be hell toupee.
Why did Donald Trump lock down the White House when the Easter Bunny was escaping? because his hare is almost gone.
Donald Trump's plan to build a wall might actually work. The Chinese built a huge wall, and they have almost no Mexicans in their country.
What is the only law that Hillary obeys? The law of gravity
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and the Crypt Keeper? The Crypt Keeper doesn't know it's a puppet.
What do you call half of Hillary's voters? Deportable
What did trump say to hillary after the debate? WRONG!  and hillary replied : he is a lier and he cannot be trusted
Trump and a mate were getting drinks at a bar..... After a few drinks.....  Trump: What is the useless skin around a woman's pussy?  Mate: I have no idea.  Trump (with a smirk): The rest of the woman!
What do Hillary's e-mails and Larry Kings Bladder have in common? They both leak
I keep seeing yards with signs supporting Trump But I don't see any walls around them.
Which is Donald Trump's favourite music album? the wall  by pink floyd
Why does Trump watch the Olympics? To see how high Mexicans can jump
What is Trump's least favorite TV show? Rob &amp; CHYNA!!!!
What does America and Melania Trump have in common? They're both getting fucked in November
What's the difference between a trump supporter and a newly adopted Siberian husky? The dog has the mental fortitude to realize he's just gotten owned by a Russian.
Trump was named employee of the month by the Kremlin MOSCOW (The Borowitz Report)—Capping an extraordinary year for the former television host, the Kremlin has named Donald J. Trump its Employee of the Month for December.  “No one has worked more tirelessly for the glory of the Fatherland than Donald Trump,” the Russian President Vladimir Putin said in an official statement. “He has set a high bar for all Kremlin employees, and for that, we salute him.”   To mark the honor, Trump’s name will be added to a plaque that hangs in the hallway outside the Kremlin’s H.R. office.  According to Kremlin sources, Trump faced tough competition in the Employee of the Month voting, besting both Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and ExxonMobil’s C.E.O., Rex Tillerson.  Speaking to reporters at his Mar-a-Lago estate, in Florida, Trump called the award “a tremendous honor, just tremendous.”  “Obama was President for eight years and he didn’t win this a single month,” he said. “Loser.”
Donald, Hillary, and Bernie are about to be executed by firing squad... On the day of the execution, Hillary hatches a plan to escape. When the executioner's start counting, "1! 2! 3!" Hillary interrupts by shouting "Earthquake! Earthquake!" and everyone panicked and she got away. When Bernie was about to be executed the firing squad started counting "1! 2! 3!" and Bernie shouted "Tsunami! Tsunami!" and everyone panicked and he got away. On the last day, when it was Donald's turn, the firing squad started counting "1! 2! 3!" and Donald screams "Fire! Fire!" and he gets shot multiple times in the chest.
What does Donald Trump call "the world's smallest violin"? A violin, it fits his tiny hands perfectly.
Obama: (sighs) Joe, what happened to all of the pens that were in this container yesterday? Biden: I hid them from Trump because he won't need them. He already has his own  Obama: Oh really? How do you know?  Biden: Seriously, I'm not lying. Trust me, he has his own Pence
Trump interrupted Hilary Clinton up to 51 times in the first debate: Even grammer nazis interrupted fewer. 
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks!
What did trump say to the missile? You are fired!
What do Republicans and prostitutes have in common? They'll do anything for money.
Did y'all hear what Donald Trump said to Bill O'Reilly today about the sexual assault stuff? "This ~~politcal system~~ town isn't big enough for the both of us."
What kind of victory dance did Trump do after winning the election? Poll dance...  _i'm so sorry..._
What is Trump's favorite sports channel? ESPN Deportes
Everybody, it's OK to vote for Hillary Clinton The snuke in her sniz was successfully deactivated.
Why is Donald Trump like a college football team in Tijuana?  They’re both slipping in the polls.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a bar  Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a bar. Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says, "The media is really tearing you apart for that Scandal."  Hillary: "You mean my lying about Benghazi?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the massive voter fraud?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the military not getting their votes counted?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using my secret private server with classified material to Hide my Activities?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything Else?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, Hiring Cronies, And taking bribes from foreign countries?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the drones being operated in our own country without The Benefit of the law?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it Declared Bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Turning Libya into chaos?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Being the mastermind of the so-called “Arab Spring” that only brought chaos, death and destruction to the Middle East and North Africa?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The funding and arming of terrorists in Syria, the destruction and destabilization of that nation, giving the order to our lapdogs in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to give sarin gas to the "moderate" terrorists in Syria that they eventually used on civilians, and framed Assad, and had it not been for the Russians and Putin, we would have used that as a pretext to invade Syria, put a puppet in power, steal their natural resources, and leave that country in total chaos, just like we did with Libya?  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The creation of the biggest refugees crisis since WWII?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Leaving Iraq in chaos? "  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The DOJ spying on the press?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 Months Later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring citizens' ?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean  the INSIDER TRADING of the Tyson chicken deal I did where I invested $1,000 and the next year I got $100,000?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean when Bill met with Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, just before my hearing with the FBI to cut a deal?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: " You mean the one where my IT guy at Platte River Networks asked Reddit for help to alter emails?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean where the former Haitain Senate President accused me and my foundation of asking him for bribes?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean that old video of me laughing as I explain how I got the charges against that child rapist dropped by blaming the young girl for liking older men and fantasizing about them.  Even though I knew the guy was guilty?  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean that video of me coughing up a giant green lunger into my drinking glass then drinking it back down?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean that video of me passing out on the curb and losing my shoe?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean when I robbed Bernie Sanders of the Democratic Party Nomination by having the DNC rig the nomination process so that I would win?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean how so many people that oppose me have died in mysterious was?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Travel Gate? When seven employees of the White House Travel Office were fired so that friends of Bill and mine could take over the travel business? And when I lied under oath during the investigation by the FBI, the Department of Justice, the White House itself, the General Accounting Office, the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, and the Whitewater Independent Counsel?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The scandal where, (while I was Secretary if State), the State Department signed off on a deal to sell 20% of the USA's uranium to a Canadian corporation that the Russians bought, netting a $145 million donation from Russia to the Clinton Foundation and a $500,000 speaking gig for Bill from the Russian Investment Bank that set up the corporate buyout?. That scandal?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time I lied when I said I was under sniper fire when I got off the plane in Bosnia?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time when after I became the First Lady, I improperly requested a bunch of FBI files so I could look for blackmail material on government insiders?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time when Bill nominated Zoe Baird as Attorney General, even though we knew she hired illegal immigrants and didn't pay payroll taxes on them?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "When I got Nigeria exempted from foreign aid transparency guidelines despite evidence of corruption because they gave Bill a $700,000 in speaking fees?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time in 2009 when Honduran military forces allied with rightist lawmakers ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya, and I as then-Secretary of State sided with the armed forces and fought global pressure to reinstate him?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "I give up!Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware, when Bill left Office?"  Trump: "THAT'S IT! I almost forgot about that one".  
I couldn't decide whether to vote for Hillary or Trump So I filled in both circles 
"Hey SevenS, if you were in a Room with Trump and Clinton, which one would you shoot if you only had one bullet?" I'd shoot myself.
What is the difference between Hillary Clinton and a rickety bridge? One is dangerous and likely to collapse at any minute, but most people still prefer it to the alternative. The other is made of wood and rope.
If Donald Trump becomes the next president... You already read the joke. 
What type of road race do Donald Trump supporters run? 3 K's
What do you call a fart from Donald Trump? EnRICHed gas.
Why does Donald Trump have a foreign wife? Because some jobs American's just won't do.
What's the difference between an Italian barber and Donald Trump? One is a shaving Roman and the other is a raving showman.
Bill Clinton is out on his morning jog... and he sees a hooker. As he passes her he says, "Twenty bucks?"  "No way," she answers.  The following morning Bill is jogging with Hillary. They pass the same hooker on the street and she says, "See what you get for twenty bucks?"
Donald Trump was guaranteed to become president and Muslims native to America started fleeing the country, trying to find out where to head next. I don't know about the others. But for me, just to get away from Trump, Iran. 
I want to sleep with Ivanka Trump... Almost as much as Donald does.
Why did Donald Trump love the new iPhone 7? Deportation.
Good part about trump being president is he will never forget toupee Sorry for the bad pun. Was off the top of my head.
Why did Donald Trump blush? He saw the climate changing.
Something for cooking on a stove. A metallic sculpture of a marijuana leaf. Donald Trump. Tin pot.
Trump is suing Male enhancement giant Viagra.. He says it's a rigged erection 
What does Donald Trump's border wall have in common with Humpty Dumpty? No soap, radio.
Barack Obama - "I'm not orange!" "I'm black"
Trump about Sweden Trump: I'm sorry for your loss. We stand with Sweden at this difficult time.  Norwegian Ambassador: I'm from Oslo.  Trump: Today, we all are.
Kim Jong-un and Donald Trump Kim Jong-un announced in a news conference that North Korea would be sending a man to the sun within ten years!  A reporter said - "But the sun is very hot. How can your man land on the sun?"   There was a stunned silence. Nobody knew how to react.   Then Kim Jong-un quietly answered  "We will land at night".   The entire audience broke out in thunderous applause !  Back in the White House, Donald Trump and his entourage were watching the news conference on TV.  When Trump heard what Kim had said, he sneered -  "What an idiot. There is no sun at night time !"   Now, his cabinet broke up in thunderous applause !!
Donald Trump's father served in WW2. Served many a dinner in Berchtesgaden.  
Miss Columbia, Hillary Clinton, and La La Land won Miss Universe, the U.S. Presidency, and Best Picture. In theory.
Why is Hillary Clinton unfit to be president? Because she doesn't go to the gym
As his presidency is coming to an end where is Obama going to settle? I don't know but Kenya guess?
Why did the Yogis declare that Donald Trump had become an Ascended Master? He could put his foot in his mouth with his head up his ass.
Why don’t Trump supporters call 911 in an emergency? They can't find eleven on the keypad.  
If Trump becomes president, I'm moving to Pakistan! hehehehe......
Donald Trump walks into a bar with two guys, one named Moe Lester and the other Ray P. Kreap. Bartender asks Moe Lester and Ray P. Kreap how they know Trump.  Trump answers, "Women are always screaming out their names when I touch them, so I figured they'd make great wingmen."
I wouldn't mind hilary clinton being president. At least the nuclear launch codes would get deleted.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a bag of cheetos? One is a cheesy sack of toxic crap that is pumped with orange dye and hot air and is sold to ignorant masses with no taste. The other is a corn-based snack food.
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks. 
Bill Clinton and Donald Trump have gone into business together The Bubba Trump Shrimp Co. is going to make shrimpin' great again.
Why does Bill Clinton chew gum all the time? He has an oral fixation.
There's only one similarity between Donald Trump and Feminists. Redditors hate them both.
Do you know how politicians are conceived? Through anal sex
Donald Trump made a good move picking Mike Pence as the Vice Presidential candidate... It pretty much guarantees no one will assassinate him while he's in office.
Q: Why are Republicans always so strung up about 9/11? A: Elephants never forget.
What did a Republican grandma give her grandchildren for Christmas? Mittens. 
What's the difference between Trump and a bucket of shit I don't have a shit bucket in my garage
Have you heard about that IT guy working for Hillary? He recently got into crossfit and has never worked out before. Suffered a "heart attack from over exertion..."
What does Donald Trump say when he's mad? There'll be hell toupee!
Why can't Donald Trump be circumcised? Because there is no end to that prick.
Trump is such a good businessman that he literally wrote the book on business! Everyone should read it! Its too bad that it only goes up to chapter 11 though...
What's Donald Trump's favorite rock album? The Wall. 
Did you hear they're doing a remake of Dumb and Dumber? It's on tonight on every major network, tonight at 9.
It may not be "politically correct" to say this... ...but there are over one million U.S Senators.
When Donald Trump states that he thinks the elections are being rigged... What he's really saying is that his followers should watch the polls to prevent riggers from voting.
Did you hear about the midget Trump supporter? Apparently, he's a little racist.
Hillary mistakenly chose her VP based on her doctors recommendations. He said she needed a cane for support. 
I finally found an active Hillary Clinton sub with a lot of subscribers! /r/politics    edit: keep in mind it's a joke for a reason. i was just pointing out the abundance of bias/anti-trump over there. I'm a neutral supporter, but I still feel it should be more even-keeled over there. :)
Why does Donald Trump take a Xanax when he goes to Mexico? To prevent His-Panic attacks.
If Hillary Clinton gets elected, she'll be the first F president! Sorry, meant to say *felon*, but it seems I got censored.
Didja hear Trumps new slogan? Make America Grope Again!
What's Trump's favorite show? Annoying Orange.
Why don't Donald Trump's fans care that his wife ripped off Michelle Obama's speech? Because none of them got to the point in school when they explained plagiarism is wrong
If Obama said If President Obama said he was in favor of oxygen, republicans would suffocate themselves.
Why Republicans cannot swim as freely as they want? Dems!
It's so hot outside... I'm sweating like a Mexican during the November election
I named my lightbulb "Donald Trump" Because its not very bright.
What is Donald Trump telling Independents? Orange is the new black.
Clinton is so desperate to make her image more like Bernie... He's old so she has to get a Kaine
Why are Biblical scholars nervous about Donald Trump's pick for VP? Because according the Book of Revelations, the arrival of the apocalypse will first be signaled by Trump-Pence.
I can't find a reason to vote for the (D) or (R) candidate for President, and now Libertarian Gary Johnson's campaign slogan, 'Feel the Johnson' just rubs me the wrong way. 
Melania Trump's Speech: We're no strangers to love You know the rules and so do I A full commitment's what I'm thinking of You wouldn't get this from any other guy  I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching, but You're too shy to say it Inside, we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it  And if you ask me how I'm feeling Don't tell me you're too blind to see  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  (Ooh, give you up) (Ooh, give you up) Never gonna give, never gonna give (Give you up) Never gonna give, never gonna give (Give you up)  We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching, but You're too shy to say it Inside, we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it  I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you
I went to buy a book about Bernie Sanders ...but it was sold out.
What do Trump and his supporters NOT have in common? His supporters have a blind trust. 
Why did Hillary wait to give her concession speech? She needed time to negotiate her fee.
You can't compare Tim Cook and Donald Trump It's like comparing apples to oranges. 
Melania Trump had just undergone facial botox surgery when an extremely venomous snake bit her eyebrow. Sadly, no living thing has ever survived this creature's toxin. The snake died moments later.
Why is Hillary spelled with 2 L's? One for 2008 and one for 2016. 
My neighbors are Democrats and I'm Republican One day I was working in the garden when they came home with their young daughter from school.  I asked them how everything was going and they told me that a job orientation week had just taken place.   So I asked their daughter: "What do you want to be when you grow up?"  She responded proudly: "I want to be a democratic president!"  "And what would be the first thing you'd do once in office?"  "I would help all the poor people in this country"  "Great!", I said, "you know that homeless man down at the convenience store that always asks for money? How about you give him some money?"  "But I don't have any money yet!", responded the little girl.  "So, how about you help me in the garden and I'll give you 50 dollars for your work and then you can go down there and donate it?"  After some thinking the girl said: "So, why can't the homeless man help you in the garden to earn the money?"  I just smiled and winked at her parents: "Welcome to the Republicans" 
To Hillary supporters, don't give up hope! Nelson Mandela served 27 years in prison before becoming President.
Advice From The Future About Surviving the Trump Presidency "Run, you fools, RUN!"
Why did Obama serve two terms? Because blacks always get a longer sentence 
To silence her critics who hail her as Satan, Hillary is set to launch a new post-apocalyptical video game after winning the election! It's called President Evil.
What's The Difference Between Donald Trump &amp; a Bag of Cheetos? One is a cheesy sack of toxic crap that's pumped up with orange dye and hot air, and is sold to ignorant masses with no taste.    The other is a corn-based snack food.
Why were Huma Abedin's darkest fears about seduction by Bill Clinton unfounded? Because ultimately it was Hillary who ended up showing her the Huma door.
Trump and Clinton are on a building that is on fire. You got time to save only one, what do you do ? Go to lunch or go watch a movie ?
Who is worse, Trump or Lex Luthor? "Like this is even a question. Clearly it's the megalomaniacal fictional character bent on destruction of all that is good and decent! The other is just a minor character on Superfriends."
Trump won't drop out I wonder how that makes Republicans feel, being forced to carry something ***to term***
Why was the hamster a bad Supreme Court Justice? Because his mind was always on a pellet.
Trump is like Hurricane Matthew The media is talking about it nonstop. Nobody knows how bad it's going to be, but you can't help shake your head at the Floridan who ignores the warning.
My life long Republican grandfather voted Democrat for the first time this election. He died 2 years ago.  We miss you Pappy.
Did you hear about Donald Trump's new book? It's called Mein Kampf is bigger than your Kampf.
Liberals are acting like Trump is going to kill all the gays, make slavery legal again, and take away women's rights.... Like he's a Muslim or something.
A Tea party like revolution is coming to the Democratic party after the election. What should it be named ? Half-Caff-Extra-Whip-Soy-Latte Party
Donald Trump wins! Canada builds wall.
People say love trumps hate I say fuck you, I hate Trump.
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? For hispanic attacks.
With both Trump and Marijuana winning, we wont have worry about living in 1984 We can settle with a Brave New World.
Donald Trump needs to pardon Hillary Clinton and then make her the United States' Ambassador to Libya.
What's the difference between God and Donald Trump? God doesn't think he's Donald Trump!
People think that Donald Trump is a good choice for president because he has no experience That's like saying the Unabomber was fiscally responsible because he didn't have a credit rating.
What do you call a dog owned by Donald Trump? A trumpet. 
So Donald Trump is now the President of the United States I certainly DNC that coming
My son just walked in crying, saying he was scared as Trump won, I said, fuck off, you're 22 &amp; British. Oh yes, he replied &amp; went to work.
There is a better man inside of Trump... And Putin has a large penis.
With the news of Trump presidency, many Americans set out to emigrate. Attempting to leave the coasts, they discover something they had never thought possible - a wall to keep them in! 
I guess it's good Hillary didn't win... It would be kinda awkward for her to be sitting behind the desk that Monica was under.
Donald Trump has had several foreign wives It turns out that there really *are* gross jobs Americans won't do.
So I heard the remaining Democrat congressman are organizing a soccer league. They will still feel like they are trying to be like the Europeans. Plus no hands means the interns will feel safe. 
Netflix was the first to call that Trump would replace Obama. Orange is the new black.
The Great Wall of China proves that Trump's wall will work... ... throughout many centuries no Mexican has ever breached it. 
Know why Trump supporters are so obsessed with "cuck"? Because they can't wait to watch him fuck their families.
When it comes to romantic intimacy I'm a lot like Donald Trump... Not because I grab them right by the pussy, but because I have built a wall. I have built the best emotional wall. Nobody builds emotional walls like I do, and I build them more efficiently than anybody else.
What is the quickest way to get Trump out of The White House?? Put Monica Lewinsky in there.   She's not the hero we deserve, but she'd be da real MVP we need right now.  
I don't see why Donald Trump is in denial about global warming.... When his spay-on tan is 90% of the cause.
Did you hear that Hillary dropped out of the presidential race? They did a colonoscopy and found out she had a brain tumor.
Why did the Libertarian cross the road? "None of your damn business. Am I being detained?"
Why couldn't Hillary Clinton keep up her US presidential campaign? She was let down by a weak Constitution.
Hillary Clinton goes t o a gifted-student primary school in New York to talk about the world. After her talk she offers question time. One little boy puts up his hand. Hillary asks him what his name is. "Kenneth," he says  And what is your question, Kenneth?" she asks.   I have three questions," he says.   "1st -- whatever happened in Benghazi?   2nd -- why would you run for president if you are not capable of handling two e-mail accounts?   And, 3rd -- whatever happened to the missing six-billion-dollars while you were Secretary  of State?"   Just then the bell rings for recess. Hillary informs the kiddies that they will continue after recess.  When they resume Hillary says, "Okay, where were we? Oh, that's right, question time. Who has a  question?"    A different boy -- little Johnny -- puts his hand up.   Hillary points to him and asks him what his name is. "Johnny," he says.   "And what is your question, Johnny?" she asks.   "I have five questions," he says.   "1st -- whatever happened in Benghazi?   2nd -- why would you run for president if you are not capable of handling two e-mail accounts?   3rd -- whatever happened to the missing six-billion dollars while you were Secretary of State?   4th -- why did the recess bell go off 20 minutes early?"   And 5th -- where's Kenneth?"
What's the difference between Anton Scalia and Hillary Clinton? No one knew Scalia's death was imminent.   (It's a reference to the HRC *health* status controversy-- not a threat, friends at Secret Service. Don't tase me bros!)
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite dice game? Benghahtzee.
I know a guy that once raped Hilary Clinton. He got charged for animal abuse.
isn't it funny that Hillary And her entire campaign is talking shit about trump being a liar  when she is still in denial about the email scandal.
Why does Hillary Clinton take Viagra? Because her Super PACs told her to.
If Donald Trump named his scrotum would it be called Goldman Sachs?
I heard Hillary paid a touching tribute at the 9/11 memorial... ...she collapsed.
What's does a photon and Donald Trump have in common? Both full of energy and momentum, both lacking substance.
Why do people like Hillary Clinton? When she can't even stand herself? 
I know all the subjects of Hillary Clinton's emails, ask me anything [Deleted]
Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump in a hot air balloon Hilary invites Donald on a bury the hatchet secret meeting before the knives come out in the run up. A little while into the trip she springs a surprise on the other President hopeful..  " So Trump.. I would like you to say hello to our pilot, Pedro who happens to be Mexican, and my assistant, who happens to be a photographer. "    Before Donald has the chance to react the flame feeding the huge balloon keeping them in the sky starts to flicker and die. Despite the pilot frantic attempts to restart the engine the balloon drops steadily down gathering speed. Pedro shouts to the other desperate passengers of the seemly doomed flight  " Quickly throw all your unessential stuff you have overboard now or we will be going down! "  Hilary is the first to act and throws over the side her handbag, thick coat and both her shoes  " I have plenty of these at home... "  Her assistant is next to rummage through her belongings and decides to chuck her professional camera, tripod and briefcase  " I have loads of those at home as well.."  The passengers feel the air balloon start to level off and relax a little when Donald Trump steps forward, grabs Pedro and flings the helpless man over the side.  " We have plenty of those at home too... "
What's the difference between Ivanka Trump and Donald Trump? Ivanka would like to play a round (of golf) and Donald would like to play around (with Ivanka)
Trump isn't bad for the economy. Because of him, Correct the Record increased it's operational budget by 600%.
What's Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable? Barackoli
Hillary Clinton has pneumonia I guess Donald Trump was right when he said "Hillary is a hack."
Donald and Hillary at Yellowstone... What do you call Donald and Hillary at Yellowstone? Clowns in the woods....
What's the difference between Trump and a pile of shit? A pile of shit doesn't have an ugly ass hair
Thief and a congressman A thief stuck a pistol in a man’s ribs and said, “Give me your money.” The gentleman, shocked by the sudden attack, said “You cannot do this, I’m a United States congressman!” The thief said, “In that case, give me my money!”
What's Donald Trump's favorite movie? Wall-E 
Everyone knows the real reason why Trump has so many wives. ...they can't resist the trumptation.
Trump has been looking smaller and smaller lately. He's on the low-fact diet. 
How will Trump add yuge amounts of manufacturing jobs? He will build alternative fact-tories
I don't see why Obama gave all his speeches behind bulletproof glass.. I know he's black and all but I doubt he'd actually shoot anyone.
Crazy times. Republicans silenced Elizabeth Warren. Do you know what kind of power that takes?   To silence the world's loudest woman? 
Why did the Super Bowl Champions refuse to meet Trump at the White House? Because they were Patriots.
I don't understand why Trump hates Iran so much... He's got a giant ego, wears the tackiest clothing and even has a golden toilet.    He *is* Iranian.
Why is Trump's face so cheesy? It's for all of that whine.
Which industry will do the best under Donald Trump's Presidency? Entertainment
What did the Trump supporter say when he came across an injured illegal immigrant who had been hit by a passing car while doing dangerous construction work rebuilding the infrastructure of America? "Quick, get some ICE!"
If I had a Pence for every Trump joke.... I'd be Hilariously wealthy by now...
President Trump Announces Plan To Eliminate Poverty On Earth He's going to team up with Elon Musk to send all the poor people to Mars.
Why are Trump supporters always hurrying? Because fools Russian.
Why did Barack Obama get 2 terms? Because black people always get a "longer sentence"
What's Hillary Clinton's key to success? The Delete Key
An American is asked about his feelings on Hillary and Trump He replies " I am glad only one can be elected".
Hillary's Lie Clock A man of modest means died and went to Heaven. As he ascended through the clouds, he came to St. Peter, who was at a standing desk in front of the Pearly Gates.  Behind St. Peter was a gigantic wall of clocks. It went so high and so far off into the distance that the man couldn’t see where it ended.  The man, astonished by just about everything he was seeing because he had just transitioned from life on Earth, asked, “St. Peter, what are all those clocks behind you?”  St. Peter, looking up from his ledger and having found the man’s file, looked over his reading glasses and said matter-of-factly, “Those are ‘lie clocks.’”  The man looked puzzled and asked, “I’ve never heard of such a thing. What is a ‘lie clock’?”  St. Peter explained that in Heaven everyone alive on Earth has a ‘lie clock.’ He continued to explain that each and every time someone lies, the hands on his or her lie clock moves.  The man, a bit nervous because he knew he had lied a time or two during the course of his lifetime, pointed to a clock that seemed to be at midnight. “Whose clock is that?” he asked.  “That’s Mother Teresa’s clock,” St. Peter responded. “The hands on her clock have never moved; a testimony to her goodness and honesty.”  The man then pointed to a clock that signaled it had only moved two seconds. “Is that the clock of a child?” the man asked.  “No, that’s Abraham Lincoln’s clock,” St. Peter replied. “The hands on his clock have only moved twice telling us he lied only twice in his life. Remarkable for most.”  The man, having just dropped dead while screaming at a television set showing a Hillary Clinton campaign ad, asked, “Just out of curiosity, where is Hillary Clinton’s clock?”  St. Peter looked up from his ledger and, with a wry grin, said, “Oh, Hillary’s clock is in Jesus’s office. He uses it as a ceiling fan.”
trump plane crash . Trumps plane when down in a terrible crash. The bodies were  recovered but unrecognizable. Gov Christie and Former mayor Giuliani were called in to identify the nominee. The local M E ask if Trump had any unusually features. Both Rudy and Chis smiled tearfully are replied, "Well he did have two anises". The M E said "What"?  "Yes, every time we were  on stage with him, someone would say, there's Trump up on stage with his two assholes.
Someone should create a Trump parody Twitter account... That only retweets all the stuff he actually posts
Donald Trump will build a wall. It'll be a Great Wall. A wall so big, we'll have no migrant workers in our country! And we'll deport all of the Mexicans! The wall will be big, and so strong. But not as strong as the odor-fighting power of AJAX! The next best cleaning tool since Mexicans.
Trump, the swiss and mexican presidents are on a plane The plane, overcharged, is crashing, so the pilot says:" we should throw things to reduce the weight. The swiss president throws his watch and says:" there's a plenty of them in my country" The mexican president throws some chilies and says:"there's a plenty of them in my country" Trump throws the mexican president and says:" there's a plenty of them in my country"
What is the difference between US President Barack Obama and a moist lettuce leaf? One's a wet dream, the other is a wet green!!!
Leaked copy of Milania Trump's next public speech... Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.   Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as a final resting place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this.   But, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate -- we can not consecrate -- we can not hallow -- this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us -- that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion -- that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain -- that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and a duck? Monica never blew a duck's Bill.
How many toes does Trump have on the outside of his body? 5. The rest are constantly in his mouth. 
Mexico was pretty livid when Donald Trump announced his plan to build a wall along the southern border of the United States... ...But once it's erected and complete, I'm sure they'll manage to get over it.
Monica Lewinsky says she won't endorse Hillary for president... "The last Clinton presidency left a bad taste in my mouth"
Trumptards love the insult cuckold. Ironically they're the ones sitting in the corner watching, quiet and giddy, as their country gets fucked. 
Why doesn't Trump like the media? Because he likes to be pissed on, not shit on
Ignore all of these unfounded allegations against Trump... isn't it just yellow journalism?
Trump's inauguration had a low turnout Still more than Hillary's inauguration   
Trump's inauguration is like his hands: Tiny in comparison.
Did you hear they're minting a commemorative coin for President Obama? Now there's some change I can believe in!
Here is the only way to resist Trump's agenda leave a mouse trap in front of your vagina. 
President Trump! What about the aliens from space? We need a ROOF!
After a tumultuous couple of weeks in the spotlight and under the microscope, president Trump flies to New York to spend a night with his wife. As he is about to walk into the penthouse, he gets a call from Priebus. "Mr President", he says, "what should we do about the abortion bill"  Trump, annoyed especially about the timing barks back "who gives a shit? Just fucking pay it!"
Donald Trump is our first POSOTUS Peice Of Shit Of The United States.
What is Trump going to build to detain illegal Mexican immigrants if he becomes President? Juantanamo bay 
If Donald trump and Hilary Clinton both go down on a ship who survives? America that's a no brainer
How many Donald Trumps does it take to change a lightbulb? One, he holds up the bulb and the world revolves around him 
Hilary Clinton has pneumonia SO SHE IS DEFINITELY NOT A ROBOT. SHE DEFINITELY  DOES NOT NEED TO RECHARGE.
I don't understand how people aren't inspired by Donald Trump He proof literally anyone can be president
I asked Donald Trump what he thought about my penis He said it's going to be huuuuuuge.
Trump keeps talking about restoring "law and order." I dunno about you, but I'd rather vote for a candidate who wants to restore Firefly.
Bernie Sanders and Obama are sitting at a table playing some euchre against Putin and Hitler... Hillary Clinton walks up and says, "Oh fun! Me and Bill have next game. What's Trump?"  Bernie replies "A Biggot."d Obama snickers "A Racist." Putin scuffles "A Puppet." Hitler smiles and says "A Visionary."
What does Barack Obama say when his workweek is done? Yes weekend
Hillary Clinton collapsed at the 9/11 memorial today Showing that she truly did not forget.
Did you hear that Trump said he'd eliminate food safety regulations? It's the only way they can bring Trump steaks back. 
I'm in a room with Trump, Hillary and a gun and I'm allowed to legally shoot one of them. Whoever lives becomes president. Who do I shoot? Myself. 
I am voting for Donald Trump because he will personally end racism in America... Racism can't exist if everybody's white.
If Hillary Clinton is elected as our first female President it's really going to redefine a few things for me.... ....Like the words President Bush. 
Bill and Hillary are sitting in a limo. As they are in the middle nowhere the driver tells them that they need to refuel. Seeing as there is only a single gas station for miles around the secret service race ahead to secure the location. When the Clinton's arrive they are greeted by the lone gas attendant. Hillary notices him and chuckles a bit as she explains to Bill that he was an old boyfriend of hers. Bill puts on a big grin and says "Well aren't you glad you married me". "Not really" Hillary states " If I married him he would've been president".  (This is an old joke I remember from when Bill was president)
Clinton and Trump finish having hot, sweaty sex Trump looks over and says "You are totally amazing, Bill!  The best.  The best ever, ever."
What do you call a group of polar bears that support Donald Trump? A basket of depolarbears
BREAKING: Clinton/Kaine replaced by Biden/Warren The Dems' new campaign slogan is "Tard and Feathered 2016".
What is Donald Trump's favourite Overwatch hero? Mei, because she's from China and likes to build walls.
Trump passes a travel ban for all his supporters. They are not allowed to leave the county.
I just saw Donald Trump on pornhub the caption was "rich man fucks entire country at once"
What does Bill say to Hillary after sex? I'll be home in 20 minutes.
Trump hates a waterway in North Africa, so he's trying to get rid of it legally. It was really begging to be removed with a name like "Sue us canal"
Trump really does make everything overseas He had his shirts made in Korea, his glasses made in China, and his Presidency made in Russia.
Donald Trump discovers messages saying, "Fuck you, Donald!" written in piss in the snow on the White House lawn. Donald Trump discovers messages saying, "Fuck you, Donald!" written in piss in the snow on the White House lawn. Infuriated, he insists that the Secret Service investigate.  When the Secret Service agent comes to report, he says, "Mr. President, I have good news and bad news."  "What's the good news?" Trump asks.  "We've discovered that the urine belongs to Alec Baldwin."  "So what's the bad news?" asks Trump?  "It's Melania's handwriting."
La La Land, Miss Universe, Donald Trump Americans just can't seem to announce the right winner
Who is to blame when Donald Trump stubs his toe? Immigrants, you stupid cuck.
What is the name of Donald Trump's cat? Pussy grabber.
Trump has been criticized for being incredibly sexist, homophobic, fundementalist, and wanting to bring back slavery In other words, he's been criticized for acting like a Muslim.
The red man lives in the red house, the blue man lives in the blue house. Who lives in the white house? The orange man.
Barack and George walked into the White House... Hillary Dodged.
Why can't trump comb his own hair? His hands are too small to hold a comb
What does Hillary Clinton say when she's unhappy at a restaurant? Can I have a different server?
Monica Lewinski Will Not Vote for Hillary Clinton The last Clinton presidency left a bad taste in her mouth.
Are those Trumpets making all that noise? No, it's just Trump and Pence making a clatter. 
I Wish I had Trump As A Teacher Citations would be super easy  "You know it, I know it, everyone knows it"
Donald Trump wants the white house painted! Chinese guy quoted 3 million  European guy quoted 7 million Malaysian guy quoted 10 million.  Trump asked Chinese guy how did you quote?  He said: 1 million for paint 1 million for labour 1 million profit.   He asked European?  He said :  3 million for paint 2 million for labour 2 million profit.   He asked Malaysian?  Malaysian said: 4 million for me 3 million for you 3 million will give it to the Chinese guy to paint.
When looking at the list of the best 10 Presidents of the last 150 years Obama's name really jumps off the page. Because it knows it sure as hell doesn't belong there.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie sanders are having dinner together! Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders were having dinner when Hillary said to Bernie "Let me get you a knife" Bernie said "I'll just use this one you put in my back"
Donald Trump met with Kanye West at Trump Towers... ...meet your new Minister of Mental Health.
I don't understand why people think Donald Trump is making republicans look bad... Every time he speaks I appreciate Mitt Romney more and more. 
What's the difference between Donald Trump and the fascist movements of Hitler, Mussolini, and Moseley? About 80 years.
They're changing Bernie Sanders's campaign slogan from 'feel the burn' to 'burn victims'
(In light of the terrorist illegals attacking Trump supporters) The Obamas were hosting the Mexican President for a state dinner... and the conversation turned to sports.  Michelle Obama was talking about the NBA when she casually asked, "So, Mr. President, what is the number one sport in Mexico?"  "Bullfighting.  We watch as a Matador risks his life then slowly kills the bull." he said proudly  Michelle Obama looked disgusted. "That's revolting!" she replied.  "No," El Presidente replied. "That used to be our number one sport but we shipped all those guys to America."
What's the difference between Congress and a social experiment? One of them is controlled.
I thought recently that I was being to hard on Trump and wanted to try to see things the way he does... So I stuck my head up my ass and I get it now.
I just went to my first biweekly Screw Trump party I'm gonna try his gays only one next week.
Why did Donald Trump fail his college math class? He was uncomfortable with the concept of integration.
What's Trump's favorite math operation? Division. 
Obama and Mike Pence are playing tennis While playing tennis with Mike Pence, Obama gets angry and every time he misses he screams "God dammit I missed!"  This goes on for a while until Mike Pence yells "If you use the lords name in vain one more time a lightning bolt will come from the sky and strike you"  They continue playing until Obama misses again, he screams "God dammit I missed!"  In that moment a lighting bolt comes from the sky and strikes Mike Pence, he dies on the spot. A couple of seconds later a voice from above the clouds says "God dammit I missed." 
What's Donald Trump's favorite operating system? Windows. 
Next time someone compares Trump to Mussolini, remind them of the biggest difference. Mussolini was well hung.
Trump isn't a piece of shit Shit tends to improve land not destroy it.
What would happen if Bill Clinton and George Bush had a child together? The King of Funk.
How can Trump improve both his golf game and presidency? Resign, and spend all his time playing golf!
Guess the one phase I am looking forward to in Trump's presidency The sentencing phase
Two odd looking guys are sitting in a small cafe when a third guy decides to join them... They all get into a heated conversation about their physical attributes. One says: I've got the smallest arm in the world! Another says: I've got the smallest head in the world! The last one says: I've got the smallest dick in the world! The 3 guys decide to go to Guinness World Records office. The first one goes in and returns happy: I've really got the smallest arm in the world! The second returns happy too: I've really, got the smallest head of the world! The last one returns angry and screams: WHO? THE FUCK IS? DONALD TRUMP? 
I'm so sick of people acting like Trump is the first time America elected a monster... America has elected monsters in the past. I'm not being metaphorical either. Does no one remember president Rushmore? The guy had four heads. Who knows where America would be if the US Army hadn't been successful in their attempt to behead him in South Dakota. 
Trump was making love to Melania, when she says: Oh, my God And he answers: well, in the intimacy you can call me Donald.
What's a Republican's favorite keyboard command? Alt+Right
What's more hollow than Donald Trump's head? Hillary's Diazepam pen.
What's another way to refer to the house where Bill Clinton lives? The Billing address. 
Donald Trump, a white worker , and a Mexican worker are sitting at a table.  A waiter comes over carrying 10 cookies on a plate. Before the waiter even gets a chance to set the plate on the table, Donald Trump reaches over and takes 9 cookies and stuffs them in his pocket. He then leans over to the white worker and says "watch out, that rapist is looking at your cookie."  Edit: 
Trump and Hillary are on a crashing plane, who survives? America
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump race around the White House The slightly younger and less overweight Hillary managed to win this one, and this is the response from major news networks:  NBC: "Hillary Clinton wins the race, while Donald Trump comes in last!"  FOX: "Donald Trump takes second place in the race, while Hillary Clinton only manages to beat one contestant!"
Bill Clinton is working at a newsstand. A woman asks him "How can I buy the New York Times?" He replies "Ask my wife. She'll tell you how you do it.
What does 'J' stand for in Donald J Trump? 'Genius'  (This joke was stolen from CharlieDarwin2)
Donald and Hillary Go Into A Bakery on the Campaign Trail As soon as they enter the bakery, Hillary steals three pastries and puts them in her pocket. She says to Donald, "See how clever I am? The owner didn't see anything and I don't even need to lie.” I will definitely win the election.  The Donald says to Hillary, "That's the typical dishonesty you have displayed throughout your entire life, trickery and deceit. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result." Donald goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick." Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. Trump swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then Donald asks for a third pastry and eats that, too.  The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "What did you do with the pastries?”   Trump replies, "Look in Hillary's pocket"...
Joe Biden marries two gay white house officials at his house. His wife isn't happy. 
A lot of people are wondering what Bill Clinton will be called if Hillary wins the election. It's actually pretty simple. Given his Irish heritage, he obviously must be called First Laddie.
I don't know where to go. Google is promoting Clinton, Reddit is censoring Trump, what's next? PornHub filters out piss porn?
What breed will Donald Trumps dog be if he wins the election? A Border Collie
An atheist Libertarian smoking pot with Elon Musk along with a cute girl doing something /r/mildlyinteresting You clicked.
It's been reported that Donald Trump has recently found Jesus ... And had him deported. 
Republican Baymax Here's what played out in my mind when I thought about it for awhile:  "Hello! I am Baymax, your personal healthcare companion. Please present a valid Credit card, Birth certificate and Healthcare card to begin diagnosis." (Shows them to scanner.)   "We have confirmed you are not an illegal alien or are using any healthcare. To proceed, please authorize a credit transaction of $45" (Authorize payment.)  "Great. Now tell me, On a scale of one to ten, what is your pain and where?" (Answer medical questions.)  "It would seem you are suffering from... stress."  "To begin treatment and prescription, please agree to the contract being printed now." (Agreement and stuff)  "You have 'CLINICAL DEPRESSION and STRESS'. I reccomend a prescription of daily 'PROZAC' and weekly 'THIRTY MINUTE THERAPY SESSIONS' to help ease symptoms."  "To continue, please complete a credit transaction of $350 for your prescription and preliminary therapeutic charges."  (Authorize credit transaction)  "Thank you for choosing the UNITED STATES HEALTHCARE SERVICE, Republican since 20XX."  "Goodbye". 
This year's election is a joke. I for one, find it Hillary-ous.
How can Trump improve both his golf game and presidency? Reduce the number of downhill lies.
I was thinking it might be a good idea if we buried Donald Trump in a few tons of concrete... ... but that might set a bad president.
TRUMP SAYS TO PUTIN Can we just put our differences Assad?
It's really unfair to compare Trump to Hitler. Sure, both wanted undesirables separated from society, but Trump doesn't want to pay for it. At least Hitler foot the gas bill.
Donald Trump has died. Age 70. JK if only we were so lucky...
Congress gets kidnapped A driver was stuck in a traffic jam on the highway outside Washington, DC.  Nothing was moving.  Suddenly, a man knocks on the window. The driver rolls down the window and asks, "What's going on?"  "Terrorists have kidnapped the entire US Congress, and they're asking for a $100 million dollar ransom. Otherwise, they are going to douse them all in gasoline and set them on fire.  We are going from car to car, collecting donations."  "How much is everyone giving, on an average?" the driver asks.  The man replies, "Roughly a gallon." 
What is Trump's favorite social media besides Twitter? SnatchPat
Trump and Melania are in bed... Melania says she wants to get a few new things for their house. Trump replies about what he'd like in return.. Melania replies "Donald, our shower is already golden"
Not saying that trump stories are false or not but the urine jokes ... ... are gonna be golden
Would would win a chess game between George Bush and Osama Bin Laden? Osama. Why? Because George already lost two towers.
What will Trump do in inauguration day? Uploading his hearthstone games in youtube
Just heard an add on the radio for a dating website only for Trump supporters.  I thought they already had websites to find your family.
What's the worse that can happen with Trump &amp; Melania Melania divorces Trump and gets half the country of USA. 
Melania Trump walks into a bar... and orders and Angel shot with lime.
Trump walks into a bar.... Because it was set so low.
What Does Donald Trump Have in Common With London Dispersion Forces? They are both easily pushed to one side and can take a negative charge.
I'm actually reasonably happy with Trump's presidency right now..... after all, he's had the nuclear codes for a couple of days now and hasn't tweeted them yet.
The different between Donald Trump and Hitler If anybody can think of one! Pm me and I'll write it in this little space here -----&gt; [   ]
What is Donald Trump's favorite video game? *Papers, Please*
They say Trump isn't appealing to minorities... ...but according to the latest polls, he's winning 100% of the Naive American vote
How many people could Donald Trump shoot before his poll numbers fell below 40%? About 3 million. But they would all have to be Trump supporters.
If Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were in a car crash, who would survive? America
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump? Trump wears more makeup. 
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump go into a bakery Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump go into a bakery. As soon as they enter the bakery, Hillary steals three pastries and puts them in her pocket. She says to Donald, "See how clever I am? The owner didn't see anything and I don't even need to lie.” I will definitely win the election.  Then Donald says to Hillary, "That's the typical dishonesty you have displayed throughout your entire life, trickery and deceit. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result."  Donald goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick." Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. Trump swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then Donald asks for a third pastry and eats that, too.  The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "What did you do with the pastries?" Trump replies, "Look in Hillary's pocket".
When Bill and Hillary first got married Bill said, “I put a box under the bed...." When Bill and Hillary first got married Bill said, “I put a box under the bed. You must promise never to look in it.” In all their 30 years of marriage, Hillary never looked. On the afternoon of their 30th anniversary, curiosity got the best of her and she lifted the lid and peeked inside. In it were 3 empty beer cans and $81,874.25 in cash.   She closed the box and put it back under the bed. Now that she knew what was in the box, she was doubly curious as to why there was such a box and with those contents. That evening, they were out for a special anniversary dinner. After dinner, Hillary could no longer contain her curiosity and she confessed, saying, “I’m so sorry, Bill. For all these years, I kept my promise and never looked into the box under our bed. However, today the temptation was too much and I gave in. But now I need to know, why do you keep the 3 beer cans in the box?”  Bill thought for a while and said, “I guess after all these years you deserve to know the truth. Whenever I was unfaithful to you, I put an empty beer can in the box under the bed to remind myself not to do it again.”  Hillary was shocked, but said, “Hmmm, Jennifer, Paula and Monica. I’m disappointed and saddened by your behavior; however, I guess it does happen and I guess 3 times is not that bad.”  Bill thanked her for being so understanding. They hugged and made their peace. A little while later Hillary asked Bill, “So why do you have all that money in the box?”  He answered, “Well, whenever the box filled up with empty cans, I took them to the recycling center.”
Hillary Clinton hot sauce Fiery and Bernie out the back end
In 2016 Scott Baio has called Hillary Clinton a cunt, Chris Christie has called her a criminal and Ben Carson has called her a Lucifer worshiper. What will they call her in 2017? Madam President.
What is the difference between Trump's tie and a horse's tail? The horse's tail covers the whole asshole
Why is Monica Lewinsky going to vote Republican this year? Last time she tried Democrat it left a bad taste in her mouth.
What's the difference between a Trump rally and a Klan rally? People at Trump rallies left their hoods at home.
[OUT OF DATE TRUMP JOKE] An open letter Dear, or Not-So-Dear, Mr. Trump, You didn't have to clarify to us the size of your hands, nor your privates. I think all of us here know that you're the biggest tool in the room.
What's Hillary Clinton's favourite question? How much to make this go away?
Why isn't Bernie Sanders campaigning in OKC? They're both eliminated and finished second in their conference.
Barack Obama Bar Jokes During a World Economic Summit, Barack Obama, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, Russian President Vladimir Putin, and French President Francois Hollande are ceremonially riding in Japan's newest bullet train. As you might know all of these political leaders have big egos and this is what ensued. Barack Obama says "This is a fine bottle of wine Francois" Upon hearing this President Francois Hollande throws out a case of France's finest wine and says "In France fine wine is bountiful and plenty!" Not to be outdone by Vladimir Putin who then throws out two cases of Russia's finest Vodka "In Russia premier vodka spirits flow like the Volga River" President Obama not wanting to seem weak, thinks for a moment, looks at Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto, and throws him out the window. 
Trump's last two chances to save his election campaign at the second debate: 1. Be endorsed by Dave.  2. Bring out a resurrected Harambe on stage.
If Hillary wins, I'm leaving the country. If Trump wins, I'm leaving the country. It's not like I don't like either one. I just love to travel.
What do you call a country that Hillary Clinton has been in charge of? Libyated
Breaking News: Trump has thrown in the towel and already signed on with NBC to star in a new reality series this spring. It's called The Amazing Racist.
If Clinton makes a good joke it'll be Hillaryous
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton were on the campaign trail flying from California to Michigan Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton were on the campaign trail flying from California to Michigan, when the Captain's voice came over the intercom to announce that there had been a fatal overload with the engines and the plane would be going down imminently.   It was a little known fact that Bernie never flew without a parachute, but Clinton remembered hearing this and asked him if it was true. Bernie replied that yes, he had packed a parachute that morning and that this kind of foresight was exactly why he should be the one to use it. Clinton appealed to Bernie on the basis of rank, which Bernie rejected with arguments of socialism. She then appealed on arguments on gender, which Bernie rejected with arguments of equality. Clinton, a cunning glint in her eye, then appealed to Bernie by repeating his arguments of socialism right back at him.   Bernie thoughtfully considered what would be right and fair in the situation, calling upon all his years of experience as a man of integrity; and eventually acquiesced to the idea of a coin toss to decide who should get the parachute. Clinton proposed that a nearby member of the DNC organise the toss to make it impartial, to which Sanders agreed.   ***  The plane was just seconds from impact when Senator Sanders walked into the cockpit with a grim expression on his face and explained to the captain what just happened. The story ended with Hillary winning the coin toss 6-0, then claiming the parachute and jumping to safety as the plane continued its death spiral to the unforgiving ground below. The captain listened raptly until the end then let out an exclamation of surprise.  "Jeez," he said doing some quick mental arithmetic. "You know the chances of losing six coin tosses in a row is a rather unlikely 1.56%. I guess approaching the issue rationally from a basis of fairness really didn't work out too well for ya, did it?"  Sanders nodded bitterly. "Ain't that the truth," he replied. "Even more so given that we only flipped once."
Why is Donald Trump like KFC? .... because they both beat someone
What's the difference between Trump and a Halloween pumpkin? The pumpkin is bright.
Two stupid jokes... Hillary Clinton and her supporters. B)
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and an onion? I'd cry if I cut an onion in half. 
What's the difference between the Trump Hotel and the Moscow Ritz-Carlton? The Trump Hotel has golden windows on the outside, but the Ritz-Carlton has golden showers in your room.
Where was Bill Clinton during his presidency? He was right between the Bushes.
How did Obama get his first name? When Obama sr. went to meet up with his japanese friend he took baby obama with him and the Japanese man exclaimed "He's Barack!"   ^^^All ^^^in ^^^good ^^^fun
Donald Trump is about to watch an episode of his current favorite TV show... Orange is the New Black
Trump is now all for alternative fuels... Yep, he just heard about 89 and 93 octane... 
Trump is just ignoring climate change with hopes that it goes away. It worked for his Ex-wives 
Donald Trump’s dream is within his grasp  He’s about to get fucked by every woman in America
How can Obama increase his satisfaction rating in the South? He should have a kid and name him Al...as in...Al Obama.  
Bill Clinton: "I sure hope Hillary gets better interns than I did..." "All of mine sucked"
Hillary Clinton is a liar, cheater, thief, narcissist, who will say anything, do anything for money and power. She tells bold face lies making promises she never intend to keep.  She does a half ass job to show people she is "keeping her promise" but will bail on the project before it finished.  She starts wars with no intention of finishing the job, leave the troops with no support and abandon them while they are overseas.  She takes bribes from foreign enemies and will screw America every chance she gets.  She will assassinate those who knows her secrets.  She condemns ...  Hold on a second, someone is at the door
Think what you will about Obama, But so far he's the best black president we've ever had.
Clinton still leads Trump by 2! FBI Investigations.
What is Donald Trump's favorite flavor of Tic Tac? ..... Tempermint
Hillary Clinton supporters are like Christmas lights They all hang together, half of them don't work, and the ones that do aren't very bright
I am going to dress up as Trump for Halloween this year and go grab... ...some drinks with friends.
My friend told me Hillary Clinton was a criminal and unfit for the presidency I told him he was dumb. LMAO  \#ImWithHer
Donald Trump Campaign Slogans "We Shall OverComb"  "No Amigos"  "Comb Over To The Dark Side"  "Don't Be A Chump, Vote For Trump"  "Stump For Trump"  "Democrats, You're Fired!"  "This country needs the D"  "Everybody Needs to Comb Down"  "Make America White Again"  "Keep Calm and Vote for Trump"  "Trump on the Bandwagon"  "Trump Speaks for U.S."  "Build That Wall"  "Make America Safe Again" 
Bernie Sanders meets the Pope Apparently they met on the first day of Passover, so Bernie greeted his holiness with a bit of Yiddish.  &gt; *Good yontif, pontiff!*
How did Donald Trump get the redneck vote? Well, he *did* say he'd date his daughter.
If Trump and Hillary were both drowning in a lake... would you want regular or sweet potato fries with your burger?
What's the difference between Chris Christie and Ivanka Trump submissively bent over Donald's bed? Boobs!  Ok wait never mind they are the same.
While visiting India , Donald Trump is invited to tea with Abdul Kalam. While visiting India , Donald Trump is invited  to tea with Abdul Kalam. He asks Kalam what his leadership philosophy is. He says that, it is to surround himself with intelligent people.  Trump asks how he knows if they're intelligent.  "I do so by asking them the right questions," says  Kalam. "Allow me to demonstrate. "  Trump watches as Kalam phones Manmohan Singh and says,  "Mr. Prime Minister, please answer this question:  Your mother has a child, and your father has a child,  and this child is not your brother or sister. Who is it?"     Manmohan immediately responds,  "It's me, Sir !"  "Correct. Thank you and good-bye" says Kalam. He hangs  up and says," Did you get that, Mr. Trump ?"  Trump nods: "Yes Mr. President. Thanks a lot.  I'll definitely be using that!"     Trump, upon returning to US, decides he'd better put Mike Pence to the test. Trump summons him and says,  "Mike, I wonder if you can answer a question for me."  "Why, of course, Sir!. What's on your mind?"  Trump poses the question: "Uhh, your mother has a  child, and your father has a child, and this child is not  your brother or your sister. Who is it?"     Mr. Pence was puzzled and finally asks, "Can I think about it and get back to you?" Trump agrees, and Pence leaves. Pence immediately calls a meeting of all staff, and they puzzle over the question for several hours, but nobody can come up with an answer. Finally, in desperation, Pence calls Ted Cruz and explains the problem.  "Mr. Cruz, your mother has a child, and your father  has a child, and this child is not your brother or your sister.  Who is it?"      Cruz answers immediately, "It's me, of course."     Much relieved, Pence rushes back to Donald Trump,  and exclaims,  "I know the answer,Sir! I know who it is!    It's our Ted Cruz!"  And Trump replies in disgust,   "Wrong, it's Manmohan Singh!" 
What's the one advantage if Hillary Clinton is elected President? We'll only have to pay her 77¢ on the dollar 
Donald Trump IS smart for not paying his taxes He's the only candidate who truly wants to reduce the massive military budget.
Who's Hillary Clinton's least favorite EDM artist? Disclosure
When asked about Hillary's fall, Bill said not to worry "...she's never gone down on me like that."
The worst thing about Hillary Clinton is she can't dicks out for Harambe even if she wanted to. Even Michelle can do that.
I haven't heard from Donald Trump recently Because I haven't been on Facebook in a week
Why can't Bill Clinton find his sandwich maker?  She’s in Florida.
What's the difference between Trump and Hitler? Hitler knew when to kill himself
A doctor told Donald Trump he has Acute Narcissistic Personality Disorder... Trump said "It's not just cute, it's **the cutest** narcissistic personality disorder in the world.  Believe me."
Trump ... Dumb  I'll show myself out
Donald Trump is flying over New York City He looks out of the window and says to his family, "You know what, I'm gonna throw ten $100 bills out of the window and make ten people very happy!"  His son looks at him and says, "Dad, why don't you throw two hundred $5 bills out of the window? Then you can make two hundred people happy."  Donald says, "Son, that's a great idea!"  His wife turns to him and says, "Donald, why not throw one thousand $1 bills out the window? You could make one thousand people happy!"  Donald looks at her and says, "Babe, that is a fantastic idea! The best I've heard!"  The pilot turns and looks at Trump and says, "As long as you're at it, why don't you throw yourself out of the window and make millions of people happy?"
Caitlyn Jenner, Republican So it turns out Caitlyn Jenner is a Republican! A member of the very party that discriminates against people like her!  Can you believe the balls on that woman???
Donald Trump walks into a bar and lowers it
What's the difference between Donald Trump's hair and a wet raccoon? A wet raccoon doesn't have 4 billion fuckin' dollars in the bank
What’s the difference between Donald Trump and Mr Smith?  Mr Smith went to Washington.
Why will America be happier with Trump over Hillary? ....because tear shed is better than blood shed
What do you call a Nebraskan who hates Obama? A CORNservative.  
If Hillary wins, I'm moving to... Benghazi. At least I know there, she'll leave me alone
Bill Clinton was surprised to find his old sandwich maker  is ahead 12 points in the polls.
During the Obama administration... (long) During the Obama administration there were a few military cutbacks. As a result, several top generals were asked to retire. All of these men were very well respected and so (in addition to their generous pensions) they were given a bonus check.  Due to a bizarre technicality in the letter of the law their check had to be based on a straight line measured between two point on their body. Being generous, the administration allowed them to pick the two parts, offering $10,000 per inch (the maximum by law).  The first general came in and said "Son, I want you to measure from the tip of my toes to the top of my head." He walked away with a check for $720,000.  The second general came in and said "Son, I want you to measure from the tip of my toes to the top of my outstretched arms." He walked away with a check for $980,000.  The third general, a particularly grizzled old man came in and said "Son, I want you to measure from the tip of my dick to the back of my balls."  The clerk responded by saying "General, no offense, but the other checks gi-"  "Son, you heard me."  "Alright, well, I'm going to have to get a medic."  The medic comes in, starts measuring and suddenly exclaims "My God- General, where are your balls!?"    "Vietnam."
What does a thong and Donald Trump's toupee have in common? Theyre the only things Donald Trump is currently wearing.
Why is Donald Trump so intent on building a wall with Mexico? To stop the workers at his construction site from running back!
Hillary Clinton has a seizure during the debate... "Mrs. Clinton," the Moderator asks, "What is your plan to lower the national debt?"  Suddenly, Hillary flails her arms around, rolls her eyes wildly, foams at the mouth, and gibbers incoherently for several awkward minutes. Finally, she collapses in a heap and soils herself.  "Hey!" Trump interrupts, "Is she allowed to just steal my answer like that??"
Did you hear Trump wants to ban shredded cheese? He wants to make America "grate" again. 
The staunch atheist's response to Trump's election win.... Booya! Told you guys there's no god. 
A man walks into a bar and sees someone sitting alone, wearing a Trump hat. The man strolls in and declares to the bartender, " I want to buy everyone in here a free round of drinks, except for the jerk in the Trump hat". The man wearing the hat dips his head and says "Thank you." Finding this annoying, he orders another around, again specifying that the man with the Trump hat is not to be served a free drink. Again, the man with the hat kindly thanks him.  Furious, the man berates the bartender. "Who the hell is that bastard, and why does he keep thanking me?" The bartender looks over and says, "Oh, that's the business owner." 
What did Trump say to Putin after he got elected? Well, Vladimir, urine for a real treat the next four years.
Not everything Donald Trump says is stupid. The Chinese built a wall 2,000 years ago - and they still don't have any Mexicans!
Donald Trump: I've put my transition team together quickly... I guess you could say I was Russian it.
How much does trumps life insurance cost One pence   Disclaimer Admittedly stolen from the comments of r/askreddit 
President Trump has announced that he will hire a wildlife trapper for the White House... To keep it free of beavers and coons.
I heard George Bush Senior is in the hospital in critical condition... I guess some people really would rather die than watch Trump be sworn in this Friday. 
Trump isn't the scariest president. That Rushmore guy had four heads...
I guess you could say that having this level of incompetence in the White House is... ...unPRESIDENTed!
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a Vagina? A vagina is attatched to Bill Clintons wife
Doesn't matter if you support him or not, you got to give Trump credit for being the first elected official who is not breaking his campaign promises. We are all so used to politicians forgetting their campaign promises once elected. I am sure if Hillary had won, not even her supporters would expected her to deliver on all her promises.   But not Trump. The man said he will F' this country up, and true to his words, he is doing just that.
Who is Donald Trumps favorite basketball player? John Wall  Get it?
I'm going to set up a Kickstarter for all the trump protestors... Not to donate to them, for them to donate to me. That way I can afford to take off work and do something as meaningful...like rocket league or GTA online   
Trump is alot like a Dragon Ball Z villain He has yet to sign his final form! Bahahaahaaa I love coffee
I wouldn't piss on Donald Trump if he were on fire. But for $100,000 a few Russian hookers will.
Donald Trump goes parachuting... Donald Trump decides that being president is tiring and decides to take a vacation.  He decides to go parachuting at a resort in Florida. After the pilot straps Donald Trump's parachute onto him, the pilot says "3,2,1... and go!" and Donald Trump jumps of the plane.   As he enjoys the view below him, he says, "Finally, a joke on /r/jokes where I don't die!"    
What do Donald Trump and the iPhone 7 have in common? They both think de-porting is the answer when there’s no more Jobs.
What do new iPhones and Donald Trump have in common? Both cost more than they're worth and create the illusion of superiority without ever delivering.
Nearly 200,000 Californians evacuated due to Oroville Dam reaching a likely catastrophic failure. You may think this isn't the time to bring up politics however this is Trump's fault. No man made structure was built to hold so many liberal tears.
Why was Trump's Valentine's Day so lucrative? He got himself a sugar Vladdy. 
Why does Trump hate Jelly Beans? They remind him too much of his dick.
Why do cannibals on a diet like to eat Trump supporters? Their thin skin is low-calorie.
Why would it be lazy for Donald Trump to stand on his head? Because he'd just be sitting on his ass.
The Japanese Prime Minister formally protested after meeting Trump at the White House Mr Trump treated Shinzo Abe to his trademark greeting, involving a muscular grasping of the hand and the subsequent pulling of the recipient towards him in a dominant way.    Mr Abe said, "What an awful yank. And I didn't like the handshake either."
The white house press releases are pretty funny. In fact they're downright Hilary-less.
Donald Trump agreed to endorse a book that I WROTE! I've been working on it for a while now, and this is just so insanely huge for me and my future writing careers. It isn't published (yet) and I got a letter of approval from the publisher and it will be on shelves soon. It's an adventure novel in which a fearless hero takes on the government and leads a revolution etc. etc. and ends up saving his country from certain collapse due to a Socialist Jew and an Evil Witch. I got in contact with a lot of famous people who have written successful books and only Donald replied and agreed to endorse the book! What is the title you may ask?  &amp;nbsp;   &amp;nbsp;    &amp;nbsp;    &amp;nbsp;    &amp;nbsp;    &amp;nbsp;    &amp;nbsp;    &amp;nbsp;    &amp;nbsp;   THE LAST OF THE MEHICANS
Why did Obama procrastinate about giving his Trump press conference? Cause he was Biden time
Trump's first day at the Oval Office after being elected President   First briefing by the CIA, Pentagon, FBI:  Trump: We must destroy ISIS immediately. No delays.  CIA: We cannot do that, sir. We created them along with Turkey, Saudi, Qatar and others.  Trump: The Democrats created them.  CIA: We created ISIS, sir. You need them or else you would lose funding from the natural gas lobby.  Trump: Stop funding Pakistan. Let India deal with them.  CIA: We can't do that.  Trump: Why is that?  CIA: India will cut Balochistan out of Pak.  Trump: I don't care.  CIA: India will have peace in Kashmir. They will stop buying our weapons. They will become a superpower. We have to fund Pakistan to keep India busy in Kashmir.  Trump: But you have to destroy the Taliban.  CIA: Sir, we can't do that. We created the Taliban to keep Russia in check during the 80s. Now they are keeping Pakistan busy and away from their nukes.  Trump: We have to destroy terror sponsoring regimes in the Middle East. Let us start with the Saudis.  Pentagon: Sir, we can't do that. We created those regimes because we wanted their oil. We can't have democracy there, otherwise their people will get that oil - and we cannot let their people own it.  Trump: Then, let us invade Iran.  Pentagon: We cannot do that either, sir.  Trump: Why not?  CIA: We are talking to them, sir.  Trump: What? Why?  CIA: We want our Stealth Drones back. If we attack them, Russia will obliterate us as they did to our buddy ISIS in Syria. Besides we need Iran to keep Israel in check.  Trump: Then let us invade Iraq again.  CIA: Sir, our friends (ISIS) are already occupying 1/3rd of Iraq.  Trump: Why not the whole of Iraq?  CIA: We need the Shi'ite govt of Iraq to keep ISIS in check.  Trump: I am banning Muslims from entering US.  FBI: We can't do that.  Trump: Why not?  FBI: Then our own population will become fearless.  Trump: I am deporting all illegal immigrants to south of the border.  Border patrol: You can't do that, sir.  Trump: Why not?  Border patrol: If they're gone, who will build the wall?  Trump: I am banning H1B visas.  USCIS: You cannot do that.  Trump: Why?  Chief of Staff: If you do so, we'll have to outsource White House operations to Bangalore. Which is in India.  Trump (sweating profusely by now): What the hell should I do as President???  CIA: Enjoy the White House, sir! We will take care of the rest! ����
You can tell that Donald Trump isn't Amish ...because he is terrible at building a Cabinet.
Why doesn't Donald Trump like r/jokes? He's against recycling.
If trump gets elected If trump gets elected can we make a show similar to the apprentice but when Trump says "your fired" he sends a nuclear missile at a country.
Donald Trump got elected as presidmt of the United States. Play stupid games, you win stupid prizes I guess
Why can't Obama dance? Cause he has two leftist feet.
Why is George Bush in bed every night by 9:10? Because nothing good happens after 9:11.
"You're telling me that I'm losing my job because Donald Trump won the election? WHY, BECAUSE I'M BLACK?!" "Mister President, we've been over this..."  ---------------------------------- All credit to /u/Romobyl Found in the comments on r/ThatHappened
Who's paying for Trump's wall? EveryJuan
It is okay to make jokes about Donald Trump, For now...
To lose after 40 years of preparation to Trump, is hard to swallow. She should hit up Monica for advice.
Donald Trump's speech, after becoming POTUS... "I solemnly swear that I am upto no good"  ������
I think I know why Clinton lost She's a woman
Hillary Clinton and Michelle Obama are running for president in 2020 Honestly...  It's black and white 
I Can see the future, Donald Trump wins the election This post made with **Internet Explorer**
Trump is the next president of the United States. Thanks Obama.
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite sport? NASCAR, because it's always heading to the left. 
Donald Trump *Knock knock* (Who's there) *Donald Trump* (Donald Trump who?) ________&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;Finish the joke
What did the Republican say at his wedding? DAE hate progress and LGBT rights? lol
Who will stop Donald Trump? The First Amendment people.
The Clinton Democrat and the Idiot An idiot in a hot air balloon realized she was lost. She lowered her altitude and spotted a man in a boat below. She shouted to him:  "Excuse me, can you help me? I promised a friend I would meet him an hour ago, but I don't know where I am."  The man consulted his portable GPS and replied, "You're in a hot air balloon, approximately 30 feet above ground elevation of 2,346 feet above sea level. You are at 31 degrees, 14.97 minutes north latitude and 100 degrees, 49.09 minutes west longitude.  She rolled her eyes and said, "You must be an Clinton Democrat.  "I am," replied the man. "How did you know?"  "Well," answered the balloonist, "everything you told me is technically correct. But I have no idea what to do with your information, and I'm still lost. Frankly, you've not been much help to me."  The man smiled and responded, "You must be a Trumpist."  "I am," replied the balloonist. "How did you know?"  "Well," said the man, "you don't know where you are -- or where you are going. You've risen to where you are , due to a large quantity of hot air. You made a promise you have no idea how to keep, and you expect me to solve your problem. You're in exactly the same position you were in before we met, but somehow, now it's my fault." 
A man is complaining about Donald Trump becoming the President 'Why is this orange man in charge!?'  His wife replies, 'it's the new black'
Why can't Donald Trump be a Lannister? Because he never pays his debts 
Russians have released Trump's financial plans It was full of bankruptcy forms
What's Donald Trump's favorite dessert? Jell-O Putin pops
My friend looked at me funny when I was shouting "Get out of my pocket Obama!" Not my fault there was a ton of change in there
What's the difference between a Clinton inauguration and a Wu-Tang reunion? There's a chance of another Wu-Tang Reunion happening.
Did you know that Trump is 6' 3"? I guess that means that Trump Towers.
Trump wants to cut funding for birth control, renegotiate trade deals, and stop the wars in the Middle East. It seems pulling out is his solution for everything.
Do you know how to tell when Trump is lying? His lips are moving.
Trump is single-handedly bringing down America. Actually, I take it back.  With hands that small, he'd have to use them both.
Donald Trump has done so much good for American education. Now instead of citing my sources on an English paper, I can just write down, "I know it, you know it, everybody knows it."
Donald Trump is not a rapist. He's an "alternative romantic."
Donald Trump's doctor has recently prescribed him Prozac. He told him it would help him control hispanics.
Hillary and Trump get into a helicoptor The helicopter takes off. After 20 mins into the flight there is a constant beeping noise and the pilot seems to be in a panick  Pilot: *Shit, the helicopter is not able to take the weight. I'm unable to control it*  Hillary: *What do we do now?*  Pilot: *one person has to jump out*  Hillary and Trump start fighting saying how important each was and started calling names...when suddenly  Pilot: *Since you both are important, I have taken the decision to sacrifice myself*  Hillary and Trump start clapping and saying patriotic slogans  Pilot jumps with the parachute
If Trump gets the Presidency, he'll ban all shredded cheese from being bought... He wants to make America grate again.
What did Obama say when he was alone? Obamaself
Don't trust Bernie Sanders... A Jew wanting to break up the banks doesn't make sense    *not meant in any way that would be seen as prejudice  *obligatory post trigger warning
Barack Obama is having a race with Joe Biden around the white house. After finishing the race Obama says "Whew, just under 10 minutes. Did I break the record?"  Biden replies "No, Bush did 9:11."
Trump's New Book I was walking in the mall and I saw that there was an Arabic bookstore.  The sign outside led me to wonder just what exactly was in a Muslim bookstore, so I went in.  As I was wandering around taking a look, the clerk gave me the stink eye, but asked if he could help me. I know I didn't look like his normal clientele, so I asked, “Do you have a copy of Donald Trump's Book on his U.S. Immigration policy regarding Muslims and Illegal aliens?”  The clerk said, “Kiss my ass, Get out, and Stay Out!”  I said, “Yes, that's the one. Do you have it in paperback?”
Did you know Obama was from Hawaii Kenya believe it?
How do you circumcise a Trump supporter? Kick his secret gay lover in the jaw. 
Why did Obama get two terms as President? Because every black man gets a longer sentence.
What does Donald Trump use when his fax machine is broken? His alternative fax.
Donald Trump uses a special steroid to stay ahead in the game. Orange juice.
The reason Trump wants to eliminate the EPA. He misses the flavor of the lead based paint chips he used to eat as a child.  
Donald Trumps presidential codename should be Agent Orange. I love the smell of no juan in the morning.
Say what you want about Donald trump and Arnold S Arnold's done one thing trump never has:  Lost weight. 
The problem with Trump Is he never learned harass was one word
Why does Donald Trump watch the olympics? Because he wants to know how high mexicans can jump
What does Hillary Clinton and La La Land have in common? They both thought they were going to win.
President Trump thinks he can get rid of all the Mexicans, and I believe him. Because if there's one thing he is, it's de-spic-able.
I have a wig, I have an orange, ugh  Donald Trump
What Kind Of Vagina Does Trump Hate The Most? A Vachina.  (sorry in advance if this is a repost, it seems like the kind that gets reposted a lot, but i assure you that this joke just popped in my head and thought it would be a good joke)
What do you call the first black guy elected to the White House? Precedent.
Why are the silent majority actually Hillary supporters? Because they're dead.
Do you know why Bill Clinton played the saxophone? Because he lost his whoremonica
What do you call it when Bill Clinton gets an erection? A political uprising.
Why do so many people swallow everything Trump says? Cause they don't have enough teeth to chew it.
Bill Clinton and The Pope Bill Clinton and the Pope both died on the same day. Due to a minor clerical error, the Pope went to Hell, while Clinton went to Heaven. When the Pope arrived in Hell, everyone realized the mistake. Due to an issue with the union, they couldn't swap the two until the next day, and the Pope had to spend the night in Hell, while Clinton spent the night in Heaven. The next day the paperwork got worked out. On his way up to Heaven, the Pope ran into Clinton. Clinton asked the Pope, "How was your night in Hell?" "Very educational," responded the Pope. "I've learned a lot from the experience, but now I'm glad I'm going to Heaven. I've been waiting all my life to meet the Virgin Mary." "Ooh, sorry," said Clinton, "you should have been there yesterday."
Donald Trump, Bill Clinton, and Bill Cosby walk into a bar. Karen Straughan turns to Anita Sarkeesian and says, "I got fifty bucks says the black one goes to jail first."
Do you know why Trump's name is on all of his buildings? So the banks know which ones to take back!  Ha cha cha!!
What do you get if you cross Donald Trump with a reddit user? your mother
How many Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to change a light bulb? How much money are we talking about here?
Donald trump, Hillary and Black hole, what do they all have in common? They all Suck
Nike unveils revolutionary new 'Clinton' sole technology Nike plans to unveil it's new shoes featuring the Clinton sole technology at the end of July.  The Clinton sole is like teflon for your shoes.  No matter how many times or how big a pile of shit you step in it never sticks to the shoes!  I am releasing this joke into Reddit. Hopefully someone will expand it into a full article for the Onion.
Why does Trump take Viagra? To be taller!
I kinda want Hillary to win the US election Just for the sheer irony of her sitting at the desk Monica was under.
Why does Melanina disagree with Donald over Obamacare? Because she can't be denied coverage for pre-existing speeches
So republican is running for office and doing campaigning .      he was in a rural area that wasn’t known to be a republican area and he stopped by a farm to do some campaigning.  And when the farmer heard he was a republican his jaw dropped and he said wait right here while I go get Ma. She’s never seen a republican before. And the candidate looked around for a podium from which to give his speech.  And the only thing he could find was a pile of m fertilizer. S he got up on the mound and when they came back he gave his speech.  And at the end of it the farmer said that is the first time I’ve ever heard a republican speech.    And the candidate said that’s the first time I’ve ever given a republican speech from a democratic platform !”  ://    
What does Donald Trump and his supporters have in common? His temper.
What truthful thing did Donald Trump say to Miss Piggy? "No, you're the puppet..... and you're a fat pig too!"
Why doesn't Trump's campaign manager answer his phone? Unlike him it doesn't have battery charge.
The real reason Hillary Clinton stumbled A tiny plane flew into her.
Donald Trump is speaking at a debate. The moderator says "You're lying." Trump answers, "Yes, I am. But hear me out!"
Donald Trump has just pulled out of the election Edit: I read that wrong, Donald Trump has just pulled out of Ivanka
I love hillary Clinton so much. It makes me weak at the knees.
Hillary might be the first F president Sorry, I meant to say female but the email got deleted. 
Trump: "If you mess with the United States...." .....there will be hell Toupeeeeee
What does Donald Trump and Teddy Bridgewater have in common? At any random point in time, they can both run out of a leg to stand on.
What do you call President Trump, unconscious on the floor of the Oval Office? Not an ambulance. 
What does the libertarian computer programmer say? All fields should be private.
Did you hear about the Chinese restaurant in Trump Tower? You eat there and an hour later you're hungry for power.
I downloaded an app that notifies me when Trump throws a tantrum. It's called Twitter. 
What do you get If you put E.T. in Trumps ass? A Trumpet
I don't get all the jokes about Trumps Russian ties.    I just looked it up and Trump makes his ties in China   
How are ghosts and smart trump supporters similar? They don't exist!
If Hillary wins I'm leaving the country if trump wins I'm leaving the country. Not a political repost I'm just getting deported
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are on the same stage Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are on the same stage in front of a huge crowd.  Bernie leans towards Hillary and said, "Do you know that with one little wave of my hand, i can make this crowd go absolutely wild with joy? The will not just be a momentary joy, this joy will be huge and they will forever speak of this day as the day that we made America work for everyone!"  Hillary replied, "I seriously doubt that! with one little wave of your hand ... show me!"  So Bernie Sanders backhand slapped her and THE CROWD ROARED &amp; CHEERED WILDLY.
My liberal friend decided to go to a Republican rally and got his ass kicked. He's all right now.
Why is r/Jokes like Donald Trump? Title: Why is r/Jokes like Donald Trump?   Text: Because now I look at them both and say *"What the fuck is this stupid shit?  Who could have thought this was a good idea?"*.
How will Hillary Clinton keep the economy up? She won't, a secretary will.
What do Bernie Sanders supporters call their parents? Roommates 
Donald Trump like his women like he likes his Geneva Conventions Mostly ignored, but regularly violated.
A little boy told his mom that he wants to be like Donald trump when he grows up Mom: Well pick one, you cant be both
What the difference between Trump and a pickpocket? A pickpocket snatches watches
Just played the new Hillary Presidency Simulator  I don't know why it's called Fallout 4 though.
A liar, a cheat, and a bigot walked into a bar... "Let's make America great again!" he said.
Donald Trump is on his first state visit to Angela Merkel in Berlin... After a bit of small talk, he asks Merkel, which is the secret of her great success.  Merkel tells him that you only need to have many intelligent people around you.  "How do you know so soon, if someone is intelligent?" Asks Trump.  "Let me demonstrate," Merkel answers.  She reaches for the telephone, calls Wolfgang Schäuble and asks him a question: "Mr. Schäuble, it's the son of your father, but is not your brother. Who is it?"  Without hesitation, Schäuble answers: "Very simple, that's me!"  "Look," says Merkel to Trump, "this is how i test the intelligence of the people around me."  Trump flies back to America enthusiastically.  At home, he immediately calls his Vice Pence to ask him the same question: "It is the son of your father, but is not your brother. Who is it?"  After a long pause, Pence says: "I have no idea, but I will try to figure out the answer by tomorrow!"  Pence just does not get it and decides to seek advice from former President Obama.  He calls him: "Mr. Obama - it is the son of your father, but it's not your brother. Who is it?"  Obama fast as a gun: "Very simple, that's me!"  Happy to have found the answer, Pence calls at Trump and says triumphantly: "I have the answer, it's Barack Obama!"  Trump yells at him, shocked: "No, you idiot, it's Wolfgang Schäuble!"
The White House Announced A New Environmental Initiative This Morning They will now recycle the same bullshit everyday instead of buying it fresh.
How many lightbulbs does it take to screw in a Donald Trump? Yeah, this joke about him doesn't make any fucking sense either.
Trump and his cabinet. Donald Trump met with the Queen of England, and he asked her, "Your Majesty, how do you run such an efficient government? Are there any tips you could give me?" "Well," replied the Queen, "the most important thing is to surround yourself with intelligent people." Trump frowned, and then asked, "But how do I know the people around me are really intelligent?" The Queen took a sip of tea. "Oh, that's easy; you just ask them to answer an intelligent riddle." The Queen pushed a button on her intercom. "Please send Theresa May in here, would you?" Theresa May walked into the room and said, "Yes, Your Majesty?" The Queen smiled and said, "Answer me this, if you would, Theresa. Your mother and father have a child. It is not your brother and it is not your sister. Who is it?" Without pausing for a moment, Theresa May answered, "That would be me." "Yes! Very good," said the Queen. Trump went back home to ask Mike Pence the same question. “ Mike, answer this for me. Your mother and your father have a child. It's not your brother and it's not your sister. Who is it?" "I'm not sure," said Pence. "Let me get back to you on that one." He went to his advisers and asked everyone, but none could give him an answer. Finally, Pence ran in to Sarah Palin in a restaurant the next night. Pence asked, "Sarah, can you answer this for me? Your mother and father have a child and it's not your brother or your sister. Who is it?" Sarah Palin answered right back, "That's easy, it's me!" Pence smiled, and said, "Thanks!" Pence then, went back to speak with Trump. "Say, I did some research and I have the answer to that riddle. It's Sarah Palin!" Trump got up, stomped over to Pence, and angrily yelled, "No, you idiot! It's Theresa May!" ...AND THAT MY FRIENDS IS PRECISELY WHAT'S GOING ON AT THE WHITE HOUSE
What do Trump and the military have in common? They both carry small-arms
Why is a White House press statement like sulfuric acid? They're both baseless and corrosive.
President Trump is like a black father Like the correspondents dinner, he's never around like he should be.
Trump is blaming Sanders for the violence at his rally. because you can't truly be Hitler until you blame a jew for all your problems.
I've got good news and bad news: the bad news is that it's either trump or Hillary for president... The good news is that by 2020 America will be in ruins and Kanye will never get a chance to run. 
One nation, under Trump, divisible... Trade liberty and justice for Wall.
Let me tell joke a joke about how dumb Trump is - but I AM Trump! - No worries, I'll explain it too
What's a Trump sandwich? Stale old white bread, full of baloney, with Russian dressing, and a little bitty pickle.
Why does Trump like French music? Because he likes to grab them by Debussy.
What is Donald Trump's pet's name? Paul Ryan
If there's one good thing about the election of Trump, it's the greatly lowered odds of being attacked by Russia. After all, they're not going to key their own car.
You could call Trump childish But why would you offend children like that?
What'd Hillary say after she lost the election? "I liberally can't even!"
Trump decides which contractors will build The Wall Sitting in the oval office, Trump is looking over bids from several contractors: The American contractors are willing to build it for 55B dollars. Trump thinks its expensive but all the money will go to the local economy anyway so it might be worth it Israelis will build it for 40B dollars. A bit cheaper and they really know how to build walls, but the money will be out of the country. Chinese will build it for 20B dollars but Trump is unsure about the quality of worksmanship, and cannot risk his legacy.  Mexicans will build it for 10B dollars, and the payment can even be deferred to completion.  Trump thinks its over and decides to go with the Mexican contractors. They agree that The Wall will be accepted as satisfactory if no man, animal, letter or package can cross the border from Mexico to United States, and indeed none can. A year later after The Wall is finished, Trump declares it a big success and that it cost American taxpayers exactly $0. How? He never got the bill. 
Why do Republican libertarians play Xbox more than their friends? They hate it when everything has to be PC.
Hillary was an independent woman and spent some time under the sheets with friends. But she always made sure her mentor Robert Byrd washed them as often as she did because being in the KKK was no excuse for inequality.
9/11 gave rise to "Truthers", Obama gave rise to "Birthers", so... ... would a movement to determine whether Hillary Clinton actually carries hot sauce in her purse be called "Saucers"?
The pope and Hillary The Pope and Hillary are on the same stage in Yankee Stadium in front of a huge crowd.   The Pope leans towards Hillary and said, "Do you know that with one little wave of my hand I can make every person in this crowd go wild with joy? This joy will not be a momentary display, but will go deep into their hearts and they'll forever speak of this day and rejoice!"   Hillary replied, "I seriously doubt that! With one little wave of your hand....Show me!"   So the Pope backhanded her and knocked her off the stage!    AND THE CROWD ROARED &amp; CHEERED WILDLY and there was happiness throughout the land!   Kind of brings a tear to your eye, doesn't it?  
A lot of people have noticed that Bill Clinton has recently started looking pretty ill. I just think Monica sucked the youth out of him.
What's Hillary Clinton's gender? F. She deleted the emale.
With the announcement of Pence as Trump's running mate, it reminds me of a man running. With a dick out in front, and an asshole behind him.
Donald Trump has a new book coming out The Art of the Feel
What do new generation iPhones and Donald Trump have in common? Force touch
George Soros is a big reason im voting for Hillary! His voting machines didn't really give me a choice. 
News Alert: Trump spending weekend working at the White House. April Fools
What did Obama say when he first heard of the Boston Marathon bomber? Aw, bummer.
What did Trump say to the missile? You're fired!
What does Donald Trump have to say about Aaron Hernendez He hanged himself with a fake noose.
We could put Kim Jong Un and Donald Trump in the Tacoma Dome... And call it "The fat man battle of Seattle".
How many people from Donald Trump's team would it take to change a lightbulb in the Oval office? 11. Donald, on his desk, holding the lightbulb in place. 10 morons rotating the desk
Trump and Putin were visiting Merkel in Germany. The three were walking on a beach and talking about their militarys when Trump said:" We have the best submarines, believe me they are yuuuge. They can stay under water for days without needing to get up." Putin started to laugh:" xaxaxa thats nothing our submarines can stay submerged for weeks!" Merkel didn't say a word and they kept on walking. After a while Trump and Putin looked at her and asked about the German submarines but she didn't realy wanted to answer when suddenly a submarine emerged from the sea. A hatch opened and man came out of it. When he saw the three he raised his right arm and said:"Heil Hitler!! We need diesel!"
Where is Melania Trump from? Yuuugoslavia.
Trump should build that wall out of Hillary's emails since it seems no one can get over them. 
Donald trump did not intend to run for president.... He thought they said erection!
What's The Difference Between Donald Trump and a Bucket of Shit? The Bucket!
If Donald Trump is elected president it would be Unpresidented
One day very soon hillary or trump will take over the USA And we will all be sorry.  Edit: this is not a joke this is serious.. were screwed..  All in fun guys no need to get into arguments on who is worse
I call my penis Bernie Sanders... ...because it leans far left and stands up for everyone.
What's the difference between a republican and a democrat? How much damage can their Weiner make...
What is Donald Trump's favourite music album? Pink Floyd's *The Wall*
I just uncovered damning evidence that proves Hillary Clinton has a terminal illness I'm sharing this because people have the right to kn
How bad is Hillary Clinton? Hillary Clinton is so bad, she has a pantsuit made out of Ed Gein.
What's another nickname for Donald Trump? ##The Annoying Orange.
How do you get republicans to not repeal Obamacare ? Tell them Mexico is paying for it
Trump is like a racehorse.... If it aint running, it's just an ass.
Hillary Clinton's biography is a fable... ... because the main character is a bitch.
If Hilary and Trump were to be stranded on an island, who would survive? America.
What is the difference between Hillary Clinton and the hookers in downtown Little Rock? The hookers have real orgasms and fake diamonds.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and his average supporter? 2 ex-wives, 3 bankruptcies, and a KKK hood that is regularly pressed and dry cleaned.
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump go into a bakery... Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump go into a bakery.  As soon as they enter the bakery, Hillary steals three pastries and puts them in her pocket. She says to Donald, "See how clever I am? The owner didn't see anything and I don't even need to lie.” I will definitely win the election.  The Donald says to Hillary, "That's the typical dishonesty you have displayed throughout your entire life, trickery and deceit. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result."  Donald goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick." Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. Trump swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then Donald asks for a third pastry and eats that, too.  The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "What did you do with the pastries?" Trump replies, "Look in Hillary's pocket"
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar. Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says, "The media is really tearing you apart for that Scandal."  Hillary: "You mean my lying about Benghazi?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the massive voter fraud?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the military not getting their votes counted?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using my secret private server with classified material to Hide my Activities?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything Else?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, Hiring Cronies, And taking bribes from foreign countries?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the drones being operated in our own country without The Benefit of the law?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it Declared Bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Turning Libya into chaos?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Being the mastermind of the so-called “Arab Spring” that only brought chaos, death and destruction to the Middle East and North Africa?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The funding and arming of terrorists in Syria, the destruction and destabilization of that nation, giving the order to our lapdogs in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to give sarin gas to the "moderate" terrorists in Syria that they eventually used on civilians, and framed Assad, and had it not been for the Russians and Putin, we would have used that as a pretext to invade Syria, put a puppet in power, steal their natural resources, and leave that country in total chaos, just like we did with Libya?  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The creation of the biggest refugees crisis since WWII?"  Trump: "No the other one:"   Hillary: "Leaving Iraq in chaos? "  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The DOJ spying on the press?"  Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 Months Later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring citizens' ?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the INSIDER TRADING of the Tyson chicken deal I did where I invested $1,000 and the next year I got $100,000?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean when Bill met with Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, just before my hearing with the FBI to cut a deal?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: " You mean the one where my IT guy at Platte River Networks asked Reddit for help to alter emails?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean where the former Haitian Senate President accused me and my foundation of asking him for bribes?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean that old video of me laughing as I explain how I got the charges against that child rapist dropped by blaming the young girl for liking older men and fantasizing about them. Even though I knew the guy was guilty?  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean that video of me coughing up a giant green lunger into my drinking glass then drinking it back down?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean that video of me passing out on the curb and losing my shoe?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean when I robbed Bernie Sanders of the Democratic Party Nomination by having the DNC rig the nomination process so that I would win?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean how so many people that oppose me have died in mysterious was?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Travel Gate? When seven employees of the White House Travel Office were fired so that friends of Bill and mine could take over the travel business? And when I lied under oath during the investigation by the FBI, the Department of Justice, the White House itself, the General Accounting Office, the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, and the Whitewater Independent Counsel?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The scandal where, (while I was Secretary if State), the State Department signed off on a deal to sell 20% of the USA's uranium to a Canadian corporation that the Russians bought, netting a $145 million donation from Russia to the Clinton Foundation and a $500,000 speaking gig for Bill from the Russian Investment Bank that set up the corporate buyout?. That scandal?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time I lied when I said I was under sniper fire when I got off the plane in Bosnia?" Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time when after I became the First Lady, I improperly requested a bunch of FBI files so I could look for blackmail material on government insiders?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time when Bill nominated Zoe Baird as Attorney General, even though we knew she hired illegal immigrants and didn't pay payroll taxes on them?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "When I got Nigeria exempted from foreign aid transparency guidelines despite evidence of corruption because they gave Bill a $700,000 in speaking fees?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time in 2009 when Honduran military forces allied with rightist lawmakers ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya, and I as then-Secretary of State sided with the armed forces and fought global pressure to reinstate him?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "I give up! ... Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware, when Bill left Office?"  Trump: "THAT'S IT! I almost forgot about that one". 
If Trump and Hillary are both drowning and you could only save one... What type of sandwich would you make?
What's the difference between Trump and Hitler Hitler knew when to kill himself.
What did Hillary have for lunch the other day? Little Seizures
Donald Trump That was the joke 
Due to the rise of suspicious clown activity, Party City has removed all associated costumes from its' shelves... ... Clinton and Trump are furious. 
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Donald Trump? Bill knew when to withdraw.
Whats Donald Trump's least favorite clash of clans troop? The Wallbreaker.
Hillary and Donald Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump go into a bakery shop.  As soon as they enter the bakery, Trump steals three pastries and puts them in his pocket.  He says to Hillary: “See how clever I am? The owner didn’t even see anything, and I don’t even need to lie. I will definitely win the election.”  Hillary says to Donald: “That’s the typical dishonesty you have displayed throughout your entire life, trickery and deceit. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same 3 pastries without stealing or lying, and also prove that I am much clever than you!”  Hillary goes to the owner of the bakery and says: “Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick?”  Intrigued, the owner accepts Hillary’s offer and gives her a pastry. Hillary swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives her another one. Then Hillary asks for a third pastry and eats that, too.  By this time, the owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks: “What did you do with the pastries?”  Hillary replies: “Look in Donald’s pocket!”
How do you know you're reading one of Donald Trumps books? It starts on Chapter 11.
What did Hillary Clinton say when they took down her private email server? R.I.P. My Inbox
Donald Trump. That's it.
It was fortunate that Hillary had a moderator Lester temper get out of hand. 
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and the Twin Towers? The towers had some airplanes hit them before they collapsed. 
Donald and Hillary get into a bakery on the campaign trail.. As soon as they enter the bakery, Hillary steals three pastries and puts them in her pocket. She says to Donald, "See how clever I am? The owner didn't see a thing and I don't even need to lie. I will definitely win the election.”   The Donald says to Hillary, "That's the typical dishonesty you have displayed throughout your entire life, trickery and deceit. I’m going to show you an honest way to get the same result."   Donald goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick."   Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. Trump swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then Donald asks for a third pastry and eats that, too. The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "What did you do with those pastries?"   Trump replies, "Look in Hillary's pocket.” 
Obama and Biden... Obama and Biden ran around the whitehouse. When they finished, their total time was 9:48. Biden said "Did we beat the record?" Out of breath, Obama replied "No, Bush did 9:11.".
If Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are stranded on a desert island with no chance of return, who survives? America. America survives. 
I bought one of Donald Trump's books on how to run a business ...but for some reason, it just ends at Chapter 11.
Sometimes, I can't help but admire Trump. I mean, for a guy who boasts having ~$10,000,000,000 in money and assets, he does love to show off his tokens.
What's Donald Trump's Favorite Nut? WALLnuts
If Hillary becomes president She'll be sitting at the desk Monica sat under
Bernie Why didn't Bernie answer the question at the debate?  He was Stalin
Donald Trump The title is the real joke here
My friend skipped out on the Bernie rally to go to a bar. I told him that's Hillary-ous.
Why are Trump supporters bad at long division? Because theyre the lowest common denominators. 
It's 2017, and President Hillary has ordered the minting of new coinage to celebrate female empowerment in the 21st Century. What is the new coin called? A Shilling, of course.
Boris Johnson and Donald Trump walk into a bar. It catches fire. Luckily nothing of value is lost.
Why can't Clinton win the election? Because she can't Trump or Bern anybody.
The Pope and Hillary are on the same stage in Yankee Stadium in front of a huge crowd. The Pope leans towards Hillary and said, "Do you know that with one little wave of my hand I can make every person in this crowd go wild with joy? This joy will not be a momentary display, but will go deep into their hearts and they'll forever speak of this day and rejoice!"      Hillary replied, "I seriously doubt that! With one little wave of your hand....Show me!"        So the Pope backhanded her and knocked her off the stage!
What do you call it when Donald Trump is shrieking at someone for spilling a drink on his tie? A tyrant on a tie-rant.
In other News President Trump is curbing his twitter usage To focus on Making America Online Great Again.
Trump must have invented zero... ...because thanks for nothing.
Trump paid off $60 billion dollars of the US national debt in the last 1.5 months, and people are mistakenly thanking Obama. They should really be thanking Putin.
Did you hear about the landmark Supreme Court case concerning the best way to cross a shallow creek? It was *Row versus Wade.*
Trump was having a conversation with a vampire. "Did you do as I told you to?"  "Yes, I killed a Hindu religious teacher and sucked all his blood like you asked."  "How many times do I have to tell you? I told you to drain the swamp, not drain the Swami!"
Trump is desperate. Trump, finally defeated in his quest for Obamacare's repeal, goes to speaker of the house Paul Ryan to vent and hopefully convince him and his party to reconsider.  "No one agrees with me, and nobody disagrees better than I do."  Paul Ryan sees the old man, wallowing with a pool of tears in his tiny, tiny hands and agrees to help him.   He says, "Listen Donald, the rest of congress can't get behind you ideas... but I'll tell you what, you say anything your heart desires and I'll personally make it come true."   Trump, now elated, quickly says, "I want the wall completed! I don't care if the Mexicans pay for it but I want it done! Im not talking about the metal fencing.. I'm mean the original, the campaign promised wall!"  Paul Ryan looks at Trump despairingly. "Donald, I can't do that! Can you imagine the amount of tax payer money it would take to create that amount of cement... the steel beams needed to be produced... the time it would take? I know I said anything, but Donald, that's impossible!"  Donald thinks long and hard, but just as his skin is turning a shade of scarlet... he figures it out! "I just want the rest of the Republican Party to get behind one of my ideas! I just want one idea to be thought of as, 'rational.' Just one.."   Paul Ryan cuts him off, "Okay Donny how high and do you want barbed wire or not?" 
Donald Trump went to sleep. He was dreaming and he saw Abraham Lincoln. He asked him what is the best way for him to serve the country. Abraham Lincoln then said "go see a play".
Survey finds that 1 in 3 Republicans are of below average IQ The other two are Russian Hackers. 
When Donald Trump has sex, his female partner is always on top. Because he can only fuck up. 
Trump keeps calling CNN "fake" news because... it's consistent with what Melania keeps telling him are "real" orgasms.
The Trump administration has chosen the next movie to screen after 'Finding Dory'. True Lies. 
Trump plan to alleviate world hunger and illegal immigration . . . . . . he's going to round up all illegal aliens and issue them Soylent Green cards
The KGB's code name for Trump has been revealed. Agent Orange
Trump is doing what he promised, draining the swamp. You can't build a bigger swamp until you drain the old one
Trump's new EPA chief just released a slight tweak to the EPA mission statement The EPA is now switching gears from protecting the environment to protecting us from the environment.
Today's Lunch Special: Trump Sandwich White Bread  Full of Baloney  w/ Russian Dressing  and a Small Pickle
Did you hear about the new tax law Trump has issued? I don't know much about it but it seems tariff-eyeing.
So Donald Trump signs an Executive Order reviving the Dakota Pipeline ... He says "Look at this Italian Stripper Dakota Pipilini ... laid by 100 men in 6 months!" 
Trump cured me... of impostor syndrome.
The problem with Donald Trump is... He never learned harass was one word.
Clinton Bill Clinton and his driver were cruising along a country road one evening when a pig ran in front of the car. The driver tried to avoid it but couldn’t. The pig was killed. The President told his driver to go up to the farmhouse and explain to the owners what happened. About an hour later the driver staggers back to the car with his clothes in total disarray. He was holding a bottle of wine in one hand, a cigar in the other and smiling happily. “What happened?” asked the President. “Well,” the driver replied “the Farmer gave me the wine, his wife gave me the cigar, and their beautiful daughter made mad passionate love to me.” “My God, what did you tell them?” asked the President. The driver replied: “I’m Bill Clinton’s driver, and I just killed the pig.”
Trump, Putin and Merkel are sitting at the North Sea... ..when Putin goes "We have submarines, that can stay up to 12 days under water without refueling!" Trump replies "Ha, that's nothing, we have a huge tremendous one that can stay up to 2 month without refueling!" Merkel feeling ashamed, staring down on the ground.  At the exact moment an old, rusty submarine is raising out of the water. The hatch opens, a man with long grey beard and dirty clothes climbs out and yells "Heil Hitler, we need more diesel!"
Donald Trump reveals source on Sweedish Terror attacks.   Turns out he's a uge fan of Faux News 
Trump can't be an ass. Hips don't lie.
Trump started his immigration ban in D.C. Got rid of that freeloader Bao Bao. 
People really need to stop comparing Trump to Hitler. After all, Hitler had a much higher approval rating.
voting for trump is inevitable. hillary is autistic, johnson is retarded. only trump is the right amount of both.
What's the opposite of Congress? Progress
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Bill Cosby? Bill Cosby at least has the decency to buy a girl a drink first.  edit: I have been informed that [Bill Maher](http://www.ew.com/article/2016/10/08/donald-trump-bill-maher-slams-candidate-comments-women) did this last joke night.
Why is Trump so keen to build a wall to keep out Mexican rapists? He's afraid of the competition.
Why is Monica Lewinsky voting for Donald Trump? Because a Clinton left a very bad taste in her mouth.
Trump and Hillary fall into an ocean. Who will be saved? America.
Why did Dave, Donald Trump and Harambe walk into a bar? They meta pair of scientists who invited them along.
Donald Trump plays Overwatch And he mains Hanzo and complains about team comp. Despicable 
Hillary's strategy for the next debate? Dick bait.
Hillary Clinton could be the first f president I was going to write female but the emale got deleted.
A Muslim extremist, a Democrat, and Hillary supporter walk into a bar.... 49 people die, 53 more are injured 
Why was Hillary thrown out of a restaurant? She trashed the bill.   Alt punch line 1 (u/Causative): She demanded her own private server and tried to have her meals removed. 
I was worried about Hillary Clinton choosing Elizabeth Warren as her VP as their menstrual cycles might sync up... But clearly they're going through menopause
Nothing rhymes with Trump Wait. I meant nothing rhymes with orange
What's the difference between a Hillary Clinton rally and the Special Olympics? Special Olympics have winners.
Melania Trump is so dumb... She couldn't get a degree if her own husband opened a university.   (edit: word)
Trump was feeling flustered about his VP pick... He was quoted as saying, "I want to take Mike Pence off and go Newt!"
Being a white boxer is like being a Republican No matter how hard you try, you will always lose because of the Mexicans
Inmates are unhappy with their choices in Clinton and Trump They're feeling the Johnson
Q.: "Governor, what would you say if Trump picked you as his running mate?" Christie: "I'll close down that bridge when I get to it."
After Obama people seem to think anything can be president. Let's see, what are the possibilities?  Hillary Clinton- First criminal president,  or Donald Trump- First 12 year old child president.
I guarantee you, this is a joke Donald Trump
What will Melania Trump say to mexicans if her husband becomes president? Hello from the other side.
Why don't the polls like Donald Trump? Because he wants to send them back to Poland
A Muslim extremist, a Democrat, and Hillary supporter walk into a bar.... 49 people die, 53 more are injured
What do Hillary Clinton and OJ Simpson have in common? They got away with it.
Why can't Hillary Clinton play Truth or Dare? Because she can't say the truth.
Which Donald Trump quote is both racist and misogynistic at the same time? No Juan has more respect for women than I do.
What is Hillary Clinton going as for Halloween? An eraser. 
Why can't Donald Trump be a Lannister? Because he never pays his debts.
Why did Donald Trump watch the olympics? To see how high the mexicans pole vaulters can jump﻿
What's Donald Trump's favorite drug? Cuckaine
What do you say to a bunch of worried Trump supporters? "Don't worry, everything is going to be alt-right."
Why did Donald Trump pay prostitutes to pee on him? I know a lot of women who would have pissed on him for free. 
What did Putin say to Trump? Remember - no Russian. 
Whats the first thing Donald Trump will ask Obama after his inauguration? "Do you think i'm gonna be Alt Right?"
I'm surprised Trump can speak... You know, with him gargling Putin's balls all the time.
What's Donald Trumps favourite colour? Orange
[politics] I think Trump settled the whole "tiny hands equals small penis" argument today... It must take a pretty massive dick to fuck the entire world at once
What's the difference between the French Flag and Trump supporters? [Not Very Political] Trump's supporters aren't COMPLETELY white.
Have you read Trump's "Art of the Deal"? It has four Chapter 11's.
Now that Donald Trump is actually building the wall, I hear Mexicans are depressed I'm sure they'll soon get over it
Have you read Donald Trump's book, The Art of the Deal? It has four chapter 11s.
A Muslim, a Mexican, and Trump are walking down the beach..... ....when the Muslim stubs his toe on a lamp. The Mexican picks it up, and Trump rubs it. Out of the lamp comes a Genie saying "the three of you have set me free, so shall the three of you be granted a wish." The Muslim says, "I wish for all my Muslim people to be happy, healthy, and at home in the Middle East." *Poof* all the Muslim people are back in the Middle East. The Mexican says, "I wish for all my Mexican people to be happy, healthy, and at home in Mexico." *Poof* all the Mexican people are back in Mexico. Trump then looks at the Genie and asks, "All the Muslims and Mexicans are out of America?" The Genie responds, "Yes, they are all happy, healthy, and at home." Trump narrows his eyes and growls, "Build the walls."
"What is a tragedy?", asks Trump. During one of his campaign trips Donald Trump is visiting an elementary school and goes into one of the classes. They are in the middle of a discussion related to words and their meanings.  The teacher asks Mr. Trump if he would like to lead the discussion of the word “Tragedy.”  So he asks the class for an example of a tragedy.  One little boy stands up and offers: “If my best friend who lives on a farm, is playing in the field and a runaway tractor comes along and knocks him dead, that would be a tragedy.”  “No,” says Mr. Trump, “that would be an accident.”  A little girl raises her hand: “If a school bus carrying 50 children drove over a cliff, killing everyone inside, that would be a tragedy.”  “I’m afraid not,” explains the exalted businessman. “That’s what we would call a great loss.”  The room goes silent. No other children volunteer.  Mr. Trump searches the room.  “Isn’t there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy?”  Finally at the back of the room, a boy raises his hand. In a quiet voice he says: “If a private jet carrying you was struck by a missile and blown to smithereens, that would be a tragedy.”  “Fantastic!” exclaims Mr. Trump, “That’s absolutely right. And can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?”  “Well,” says the boy, “because it wouldn’t be a great loss and it probably wouldn’t be an accident either.”
Bill Clinton Now, that's a man who can get a head in life.
Recipe for a trump sandwich. 2 slices of white bread. Full of balogna.  Russian dressing. And a tiny little pickle. 
Why did Donald Trump change the locks on his database facility? There were too many foreign keys.
Donald Trump must be really into binary. He's done 4 days worth of work in 100.
Why is Hillary Clinton such a lousy skeet shooter? When they go low, she goes high.
[nsfw] Why is the White House Easter egg hunt special this year? It's the only time Trump will be able to put cream in little girls.
What do Cosby, Clinton and O'Reilly have in common? Each is a Billy who can't hold his willy.
What does Trumps hair and a thong have in common? They both barely cover the asshole 
If a green man lives in a green house, a purple man lives in a purple house, a blue man lives in a blue house, a yellow man lives in a yellow house, a black man lives in a black house. Who lives in a White house? Barack Hussein Obama, the 44th president of the united states.
Trump wants to build the wall he promised He asks for quotes from all over the world. He gets 3 quotes.  Chinese guy quotes $3mil European guy quotes $7mil Indian guy quotes $10mil  Trump decides to call them for more information.   Chinese guy says 1 million for stones, 1 million for labor, 1 million profit.  European guy says 3 million for stones, 2 million for labor, 2 million profit.  Indian guy says 4 million for you, 3 million for me, and we will get the Chinese guy to build to it for 3 million.
Why Barron Trump always brings his cat to the school? Because he heard his dad say he will grab that pussy! 
President elect Donald Trump has been making headlines, "Trump Taps Secretaries" by grabbing Generals. He's come a long way from grabbing privates.
Why did Bob the Builder vote for Trump? A Mexican handyman took his job.
Why doesn't Ted Cruz like doing laundry? Because he always fucks up the delegates.
Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton are stranded on a boat in the middle of the ocean... Who survives? America.
If Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are on a boat together, and it sinks, who survives? America
"You're not gonna get a quote out of me." - Donald J. Trump "Wrong." - Donald J. Trump
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a car. The car crashes. Who survived? *America.*
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a mosquito? Nothing, they both make loud whining noises and are actually bloodsuckers with a little prick.
Shrek=Donald Trump America=Swamp  Wall=Wall  Donkey=Mexicans  Shrek was the Donald Trump of 2001
If Trump had a brick for every lie Hillary has said He'd be able to build the wall for free.
Donald Trump visits an elementary school... Donald Trump is visiting a elementary school and he visits one of the classes. They are in the middle of a discussion related to words and their meanings. The teacher asks Mr Trump if he would like to lead the discussion of the word "tragedy." So he asks the class for an example of a tragedy. One little boy stands up and offers: "If my best friend who lives on a farm, is playing in the field and a runaway tractor comes along and knocks him dead, that would be a tragedy." "No," says Mr Trump, "that would be an accident." A little girl raises her hand: "If a school bus carrying 50 children drove over a cliff, killing everyone inside, that would be a tragedy." "I'm afraid not," explains the exalted businessman. "That's what we would call a great loss." The room goes silent. No other children volunteer. Mr Trump searches the room. "Isn't there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy?" Finally at the back of the room, little Johnny raises his hand. In a quiet voice he says: "If a private jet carrying you was struck by a missile and blown to smithereens, that would be a tragedy." "Fantastic!" exclaims Mr Trump, "That's right. And can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?" "Well," says the boy, "because it sure as hell wouldn't be a great loss and it probably wouldn't be an accident either."
Donald Trump fell ill and is on his deathbed... He has his whole family and his most intimate friends close by comforting him on his last few hours on earth.  They all gather around him and listen to his amazing stories of how he built his empire and how he had a terrific life.   Towards the end of the evening he calls his wife Melania and says *"Quick, Melania!!  Get me a Muslim priest!  I want to convert to Islam!"*  Everyone in the room is completely shocked!  Is this the *real* Donald Trump?  Converting to *Islam*?  At this point everyone is convinced that the ol' Donald has finally completely lost his mind.    His wife Melania with tears in her eyes comes close to him and says, *"Why Donald?  Why do you want to convert to Islam?  You understand that this could be one of the last things you do here on earth?  Why do you want to convert to Islam?"*  Donald pulls her closer and whispers in her ear, *"Better one of them die than one of us."*    
Last term, we had our first black president. But if Donald Trump wins... Orange is the New Black.
What will Hillary's title be if she wins the presidency? Commander in "queef"
Why can't Trump supporters ever get into higher levels of mathematics? Cause they can't grasp the concept of integration.  (all credits to my friend if he reads it here but didn't post it himself!)
What does Trump and Hillary have in common? A vote they're never gonna get from me.
Weak end at Bernie's campaign headquarters.
Trump has the best solution to giving appropriate sentences to rapists with privilege without destroying their lives. Find a Mexican and transfer the sentence to him.
Make America Rage Again Three Words: Trump/Bernie 2016   Trump Voters: "God, a socialist"  Hillary Votes: "God, a man"  Bernie Voters: "God, he sold out" 
When asked if he will accept Trump’s invitation to the White House, Triple Crown winner Justify said “Neigh.”
Looks like Trump might leave the G7... giving the other members a reason to fly like a G6
In breaking news, Triple Crown winner Justify has turned down an invitation to White House. When asked why he answered, “If I wanted to see a horse’s ass, I would have finished second.”
A Republicans biggest issue is their ego...... Because THEY KNOW that they are on the right side of the issue.
If Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau were drowning and you only had time to save one of them... ... where would you and Justin Trudeau go for lunch afterwards?
Donald Trump is the most unifying voice in American politics. When was the last time Barack Obama, Paul Ryan, Jon Stewart, Glenn Beck, Bernie Sanders, George Bush, Elizabeth Warren, Mitt Romney, Bill Clinton, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Al Gore, John McCain, and Hillary Clinton all agreed on anything?
What's the difference between Trump and the Hindenburg? One is a self-destructing Nazi bag of gas.  The other was a Zeppelin.
Hilary Clinton called some of us Trump supporters "deplorable". But I ain't worried. They can't deplort me, I was born in this country!
What do you call Trump supporters? Trumpeteers.  Because he sure can toot his own horn.   ...before anyone freaks out. Hillary is also a deplorable person. It's a wonderful election season, ain't it folks?
What's Donald Trump's favorite TV show? Well considering how he thinks America lacks law and order and his affinity to grabbing women by the pussies, his favorite show is Law and Order Special Victims Unit.
George Bush, Queen Elizabeth, and Vladimir Putin make phone calls George Bush, Queen Elizabeth, and Vladimir Putin all die and go to hell.    While there, they spy a red phone and ask what the phone is for. The devil tells them it is for calling back to Earth. Putin asks to call Russia and talks for 5 minutes. When he is finished the devil informs him that the cost is a million dollars, so Putin writes him a check.   Next Queen Elizabeth calls England and talks for 30 minutes. When she is finished the devil informs her that the cost is 6 million dollars, so she writes him a check.   Finally George Bush gets his turn and talks for 4 hours. When he is finished the devil informs him that the cost is $5.00. When Putin hears this he goes ballistic and asks the devil why Bush got to call the USA so cheaply.   The devil smiles and replies: "Since Obama took over, the country has gone to hell, so it's a local call."
What is Donald Trumps wrestling name? The Wall
What does a Trumpie say when they see video of Trump saying the N-word? "I can't believe how racist Shillary is for showing this video."
All of Donald Trump's wives are foreigners... Turns out there really are jobs American's won't do.  Source: Mitt Romney's response to an interviewer's question.
Redditors keep telling me that Hillary is the wet blanket for the Democratic party It makes sense, she is stopping anyone from getting Berned
Having to choose between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump is like Having to hire someone but the only applicants are completely unqualified or women who don't deserve the job. 
What does Hillary Clinton say to Bill Clinton after sex? I'll shower before you get home dear. 
A kid shows up to class with $2,467... The kids filed back into class Monday morning. They were very excited. Their weekend assignment was to sell something, then give a talk on productive salesmanship.  Little Suzie led off: “I sold girl scout cookies and I made $30,” she said proudly, “My sales approach was to appeal to the customer’s civil spirit and I credit that approach for my obvious success.”  “Very good,” said the teacher.  Little Vicky was next: “I sold magazines,” she said, “I made $45 and I explained to everyone that magazines would keep them up on current events.”  “Very good, Vicky,” said the teacher.  Eventually, it was Little Joey’s turn. The teacher held her breath.  Little Joey walked to the front of the classroom and dumped a box full of cash on the teacher’s desk. “$2,467,” he said.  “$2,467!” cried the teacher, “What in the world were you selling”  “Toothbrushes,” said Little Joey.  “Toothbrushes,” echoed the teacher, “How could you possibly sell enough tooth brushes to make that much money?”  “I found the busiest corner in town,” said Little Joey, “I set up a Dip &amp; Chip stand, I gave everybody who walked by a free sample.”  They all said the same thing, “Hey, this tastes like dog crap!”  Then I would say, “It is. Wanna buy a toothbrush?  I used the governmental approach of giving you crap for free, and then making you pay to get the bad taste out of your mouth.”
Did you hear? Apparently, Donald Trump is into golden showers. No shit?
Did you hear Donald Trump is installing golden showers in all his hotels? He's really Putin on the Ritz
A news reporter asks Mitt Romney to estimate how long trump would last in office, "At least a mormon couple of years."
So, Obama commuted 330 sentences today. Trump doesn't even know that many.
Donald Trump dies and arrives at the pearly gates "Welcome to Heaven, Mister Trump," says Saint Peter at his ledger. "We've been waiting for you."  "Really?" says Trump. "I didn't think I was good  enough to get in!"   "No, it's okay," says Peter, "we're all ready for you."   "Wow. Even with all the lies I told?"   "Yes."   "And all the money I stole?"   "Yes."   "And all those women I assaulted?"   "Yes."  "And all my racism and corruption and destroying an entire country?"   "Yes, it's all fine, please come on in."   "But I don't understand," says Trump, "if you know I'm such a horrible person, why am I getting into Heaven?"   "Well, we thought about it for a long time," says Peter, "and we decided that no one in Hell deserves to spend an eternity with Donald Trump." 
What does Trump say when he can't find his Viagra? "This erection is rigged"
Jeb Bush Unanimously Confirmed by Senate for Secretary of Low Energy.  
What's the biggest thing President Trump has done for the black community? Got rid of Obama.
Donald Trump chose Mikey Pence as his vice-president... Did anyone else realize that Mickey and Donald will run America from now on?  Walt Disney also could not have imagined this...
What does Hillary do when she loses a game of CS:GO? She blames the Russians.
Not saying there is a direct correlation between Trump's election... But the Chinese did say this would be the year of the Cock ages ago!
I can't wait until this election is over and we can go back to calling Trump supporters what they were originally called Racists
Where's the loneliest place on earth at? Hillary Clinton's vagina.
Two Americans and a Trump follower were discussing the collapse of bee hives. One American said, "You know what the worst thing will be if we lose bees?  No more natural honey."  The other American said, "Don't be stupid.  If we lose bees, they won't pollinate flowers, and that will wreak havoc with the entire ecosystem, never mind honey."  The Trump follower, after taking his hand out of his underwear and smelling it, said "I guess the big problem is no more of that stuff bees make that gets rid of undesirables.  Zyklon bee."  The Americans laughed uncomfortably, then became dead silent realizing that the Trump follower was being serious.  (LMAO!  Trumpie Triggered!  Downvoted literally within 5 seconds of posting.)
What do Hillary Clinton and the World Trade Center have in common? Both collapsed on 9/11 after becoming overheated. 
Did Trump make the right choice when choosing his VP? It de-Pence on who you ask.
How many Donald Trumps does it take to screw in a light bulb? Just one to tell the three illegal immigrants he hired to do it.
Hillary's team is really going all out to get the LGBTQ vote... They've even convinced Huma to get rid of her Weiner.
Hillary &amp; Trump goes into a bakery Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump go into a bakery. As soon as they enter the bakery, Hillary steals three pastries and puts them in her pocket. She says to Donald, "See how clever I am? The owner didn't see anything and I don't even need to lie.” I will definitely win the election. The Donald says to Hillary, "That's the typical dishonesty you have displayed throughout your entire life, trickery and deceit. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result." Donald goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick." Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. Trump swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then Donald asks for a third pastry and eats that, too. The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "What did you do with the pastries?" Trump replies, "Look in Hillary's pocket".
What's Hillary Clinton's favorite work of art? Pneumonia Lisa
I just googled "Tramp" instead of "Trump" by mistake. I still got the information I needed. 
(original joke) Many people thought Trump University took place at Sea World... because it was nicknamed Sham U. 
Trump finally delivers an apology "I used to be a jerk, for which I apologize.  I still am, but I used to be one too."
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Hitler? I dunno, a slightly different comb-over?
How is Donald Trump going to shut down the department of education? By renaming it 'Trump University'!
Know what Trump and Nemo have in common? They both have small hands/fins and aren't afraid of touching the butt or grabbing something else for that matter  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Donald Trump is Mac user He's definitely not PC
Obama looks rough after the last 8 years in office. Still better than JFK after 2.
Congratulations Mr Trump I hope you can achieve Rank 1 Legend in EU and ASIA!
What do you call the baby if the parents were Hillary and Trump? The Antichrist
There was just an assassination attempt against Donald Trump... the terrorists found out that he was going to be appearing with Chris Christy and they replaced his bronzer with BBQ sauce.
A year ago, I likened Trump to an African dictator. Today, I think I owe African dictators an apology.
What does Trump and Morton have in common? After the elections over they'll both be the source for tons of salt
The Democratic National Committee. That's it. That's the entire fucking joke. 
Chelsea Clinton is so ugly... getting a blowjob is technically anal sex.   NOTE: I actually dont think she's extremely ugly, but I thought this was hilarious, politics aside.  Also, Bill was my fave prez even tho I voted Trump.
Johnson, Clinton, and Trump are lost at sea. Who wins the election? America.
Why is Donald Trump so excited about winning the election? His mail order bride has to stay with him now. 
Uncle Joe, Grandma Hillary, Stepdaddy Tim... and ICannotBelieveIAmRelatedToThisMan Donald
If Trump wins, I´m going to Mexico, if Clinton wins, I´ll go to Canada. America, my next holiday destination is in your hands!
Why does Trump love babies. Because one day when they are old enough, he'll either Fire em or Fuck em.
Donald Trump has been kidnapped by terrorists! I heard it on the radio while I was driving down the freeway on my way to work. But then I was stuck in traffic.   Some guys came up to my car, knocked on my window and said "Sir, as you must have heard, Donald Trump has been kidnapped by terrorists! They have demanded a 50 Billion dollar ransom, or else they will douse him in gasoline and burn him alive! We are going car to car asking for a contribution."  "Oh Dear!" I exclaimed. "What is the average contribution people are giving to this great and noble cause?"  "About a gallon, sir"
What does Bill Say to Hillary after Sex? Honey I'll be Home in 20 minutes.
Hillary Clinton comes home one day and finds Bill putting a large box back into the closet... ...she asks him what it's for and he responds, "Don't worry honey. Just forget about it." She does until a few weeks later when her curiosity peaks. She looks in the box and finds  $80,000 and 2 soda cans.   When bill gets home she asks him about the box and why there's $80,000 and soda cans in there. He responds, "well honey, I put a soda can in there everytime I cheat on you." Hillary responds, "Well..2 times isn't too bad. But what about the money?" Bill responds without missing a beat, "I recycle the cans whenever the box gets full. "
Hillary Clinton isn't a female. She's just an F she deleted the emale.
Donald Trump declares that supermarkets can no longer sell pizzas topped with cheese. When an interviewer asks him why, he says that it's because he wants to make America grate again.
Agreeing with trump is like watching porn We all do it, we just don't like to admit it
What's Donald Trump's favorite album? The Wall.
What's the difference between Pink Floyd and Donald Trump Pink Floyd actually finished The Wall.
Bridge players are overwhelmingly Republican. They support Trump 4 times as much as No-Trump.
What did Hillary Clinton order at her Election party? An Angel Shot with Ice.
Obama was the first left handed president... Obama was the first left handed president to be black
What kind of jokes do they tell at the white house? JoBama
Trump and Pence are standing on the roof of Trump Tower... ...Trump looks out over the city and says, "A lot of people are unhappy with me. I wanna do something to cheer them up."  "Well," Pence said, "you *could* jump..."
So Trump is officially president starting tomorrow... Looks like orange is the new black.   Stolen shamelessly from another thread. 
Did you know Trump nominated a deaf guy to the Presidential cabinet? Congress confirmed him without a hearing.
How did Trump describe his trip to the bathroom? It was a movement like the world has never seen before.
I'm not buying anything from any of Trump's or his family's businesses Not a political statement, I just don't have any money.
All this trump merchandise made me wonder We have make America great again hats, t shirts, and socks, but I've never seen a make America great again dress. I thought for a moment before realizing that presidential matter on dresses was bill clinton's thing.
How did Donald Trump feel when Mufasa died in The Lion King? Sad!
I'm confused that everyone is so interested in Trump's Conifers of Interest? Is he really arboring ill intent?
What did Bill Clinton say when asked about What did Bill Clinton say when asked about Monica Lewinsky's best feature?  She has the whitest teeth I've ever came across. 
You can tell Trump used to be a business executive Because of all of those executive orders he's been slinging around  *buh dum tss*   
It just occurred to me Trump's inauguration was cloudy. I guess the sun was another big star that refused to show.
Donald Trump is already generating millions of the new jobs in America! Thanks to him, protesting is now considered a full time job! 
Let's see Trump try to ban Muslims from entering the US We'll just make them in our bathtubs like we did during the prohibition!
What's the difference between Scientology and Donald Trump? Scientology has better celebrities.
I'm surprised Trump ran as a Republican I thought he was running as a joke
Where will Trump get the materials for the wall? At Wall-mart!
I rather have a bottle of soda for President than Donald Trump. This way, we could truly have a Liter of the Free World. 
Trump Executive Order #16 Trump: From now on, 2+2 will equal 5.  Reuters: But that can't be right, 2+2=4. We proved that, too!  Trump: You can say 2+2=4, but this is alternative math.
If Hillary's on the Left, and Trump is on the Right, what does that make Bernie ? The taint. 
How many Republicans does it take to change a light bulb? Three. One to pay a Mexican to do it, two to deport him afterwards.
I hear Bernie has his own personal knives and forks... They're called cucklery
If Trump replaces Obama... Orange really will be the new black.
Donald Trump trying to make America read again He is trying to restore Borders.
How many Edward Snowden's does it take to know what is going on in a Clinton administration? **The server you are attempting to connect to has been unintentionally disabled, wiped, and burned. But not in a gross negligent manner. **
Why does Donald Trump take xanax? For hispanic attacks
Obama's no longer President January 21,2017 an old man walks up to White House gate and tells security guard: "I want to see President Obama." Very patiently the guard says: "He's not President anymore." The old man quietly walks away. January 22 same old man walks up to the gate and says: "I want to see President Obama." Same guard says: "He's not President anymore." The old man quietly walks away. January 23 same old man walks up to the gate and says: "I want to see President Obama." Angrily the guard says: "I told you the last two days that he's not President anymore." The old man turns away and quietly says: "I just like hearing you say it."
Trump and Pence go for camping in the jungle Early morning while they're taking a shit together a lion walks across in front of them.  Pence: hey man are you scared?  Trump: no Pence : then why are u wiping my ass? 
What's different between Trump and the Lannisters? A Lannister always pays his debts.
On election night Trump asked if he had won... Putin said urine
Did you hear the one about Donald Trump and the 7 pissing prostitutes? Because the real joke is CNN's journalistic integrity.  
What does Melania see in Donald Trump? 10 billion dollars and high Cholesterol 
What did Trump use to find his way to Russia? Compass
Why does Trump hate the Oxford comma? Because the prostitute meets brutes and pees.
Today I asked what Trump thought of the previous presidency. He said it was an Obama-nation.
What do you call a woman of the night playing a trumpet? A prosti-toot
What do Donald Trump and Forest Gump have in common? They both have sat on a bench holding a box of chocolates telling their life story to whom ever will listen. 
News: Trump inauguration met with record high temperatures. 451 degrees Fahrenheit. 
Donald Trump had a great inauguration speech It sounds like he Putin a lot of practice
The apocalypse is apparently signaled by trumpets... ...might have been a typo though, it could have been Trump/Pence
What's Trump's favorite car part? The alternator.
Trump has no mistresses... He has alternative fucks.
Donald Trump doesn't want to have sex with his daughter He just has "alternative family values"
..Trump said "Buy american, Hire american" Standing on an Ikea podium from *Sweden*, behind bullet proof by Saint Gobain Glass from *France*, smiling at a 4K Sony *Japanese* Video camera, speaking into a Dolby Sennheiser *German* microphone, with vigorous hand gestures giving a glimpse of a Rolex under the cuff made in *Switzerland*    he patriotically said ..*"Buy American, Hire American, Stop Immigrants".* while standing beside a *Slovenian wife*
Breaking News: Coup Underway - Trump takes control of senate and declares martial law! Oh wait... That was Palpatine.  False alarm.
I thought my neighborhood had turned very pro-Trump... Turns out they just put out their jack-o-lanterns.
I think Trump is right about the media bias against his campaign. After all, Michelle Obama can give a speech, and everyone will talk about how wonderful it is, and how she brings grace and dignity to the White House. But Melania Trump can give the *same speech* and the media gives her nothing but trouble for it.  *Paraphrased from Trump's remarks at the Al Smith dinner on 10/20/16*
What do you call Donald Trump's speeches? Groping
Obama, Putin and Merkel discuss their submarines. All three are sitting at a resort by the seaside, and are arguing.   Obama begins by saying "American submarines are the best in the world, they can go for weeks without needing supplies!"   Putin laughs and tell them "Stupid globalists. Russian submarines are best in world, they go MONTHS without refueling."   Merkel opens her mouth to speak, when a submarine rises out of the water. A man opens the hatch and shouts "Heil Hitler! We need fuel!"
What Movie does Hillary Watch when she's in a Bad Mood..? Kill Bill.
Donald Trump walks into an empty bar and says.. "Am I the only joke here?"
The Patriots visit to the White House was so GREAT... it left Aaron Hernandez choked up and ultimately breathless
What do people in Vietnam call Donald Trump? Agent orange
What's the difference between Osama and Obama? One of them tried to destroy America and the other was a terrorist. 
Trump proposed new regulations for the airline industry... Because even Hitler didn't remove passengers with reserved seats.
Trumps not Wrong He's just Alternative Right
Why won't Monica Lewinsky vote for Hillary as president? The last Clinton presidency left a bad taste in her mouth.
Why should everyone vote for Hillary Clinton? Because Bill said she doesn't suck
Donald Trump has written a lot of books about business... They all end at chapter 11.    Nice one Hillary!!
Hillary Clinton ... 
I would say go with the bigger penis But I really want Trump to win
People are giving Hillary too much flak for fainting I mean come on, it was 92 degrees out there, how can you expect an older women to withstand 102 degree heat. I'd like to see you give a speech in 112 degree heat and see if you can make it as far as her.
Obama is leaving the office today. Obummer. 
How much is Spotify going to have to pay Barack Obama to be 'President of Playlists'? An Executive Salary....
Putin visits President Trump at the White House one winter day... and before their big meeting, Donald was out walking on a beautiful snowy day, when Donald saw that somebody had urinated on the White House lawn to spell out "Trump is a puppet".  Infuriated, he called on the secret service to figure out who had done it. In a few hours, they came to him and told him that there was some bad news and some worse news.  "The bad news is that the urine is from Vladimir Putin."  "Vlad? How could he do this to me? After everything we've been through!  What could be worse than this?"  "The handwriting's your daughter's."
PornHub released a new porn film based on the recent events regarding Trump, and I just saw the name; Trump's Watersports Resort.
Classic jokes modified to Donald Trump and Putin One day while walking through the countryside the President of Russia discovered an old lamp. He started to polish it and out came a genie who told him that for freeing him from the lamp he would grant him one wish.  Putin thought for a minute before declaring, "I am a poor simple man with simple needs, therefore I wish that Putin pee vodka!" The Genie exclaimed that Putin's  wish was granted and disappeared in a poof of smoke.  Putin runs home and bursts through the door yelling, "Donald, bring two cups, tonight we drink vodka!!!" He pees in the cups and sure enough, it's the best vodka either had ever tasted. They drink into the wee hours of the morning.  The next night he comes through the door and again hollers, "Donald, bring two cups, tonight we drink vodka!!!" This continues all week until Friday night when Putin comes in the door and exclaims, "Donald, bring me one cup!!!"  Donald is upset and asks, "Vladimir, all week you say bring two cups and we drink vodka, so why tonight do you only ask for one cup?"  Vladimir smiles and replies, "Because tonight Donald, you drink from bottle"
Trump Soup (new recipe) Borscht with chickpea and horehound.
The White House bar and restaurant, upon Trump's arrival, will reduce their beverage selections to just two choices: You can get a White Russian or an Orange Julius. 
Boy breaks into White House He writes on the wall "trump is full of shit".  He gets caught and charged with two counts facing 45 years and 6 months of prison time.  6 months for vandalism and 45 years for unauthorized release of classified information. 
"Mr. Trump, what color is your skin?" Donald: "Impeach"
Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and George Washington are on a sinking ship. As the boat sinks, George Washington shouts, "Save the women!"  George W. Bush hollers, "Screw the women!"  Bill Clinton asks excitedly, "Do we have time?" 
Who cleans up Donald Trump's shit? Julian Assponge
Russia responds to the allegations that it has 'deep ties' to Trump. "We do not comment on personnel matters."
What did Donald Trump tell the contestants backstage at the Miss Teen USA contest? "On a scale of 1 to 10, urinate."
Have you heard about Trumps revision of Obama phones? You'll be able to trade them in for a alarm clock and job application.
Obama, Hillary and Trump are standing at the throne of heaven. God looks at them and says, "Before granting you a place at my side, I must ask you what you have learned, what you believe in."   God asks Obama first: “What do you believe?"     He thinks long and hard, looks God in the eye, and says, "I believe in hard work, and in staying true to family and friends. I believe in giving. I was lucky, but I always tried to do right by my countrymen."     God can’t help but see the essential goodness of Obama, and offers him a seat to his left.     Then God turns to Hillary and says, "What do you believe?"     Hillary says, "I believe passion, discipline, courage and honor are the fundamentals of life. Like Obama I believe in hard work. I, too, have been lucky, but win or lose, I've always tried to be a true patriot and a loyal American."     God is greatly moved by Hillary's high-pitched eloquence, and he offers her a seat to his right.     Finally, God turns to Trump and says, "And you, Donald, what do you believe?"     Trump replies, "I believe you're in my seat."       
How did Donald Trump won with his poor vocabulary? He's the only candidate that America finally understands..
Why did the Libertarian cross the road? Fuck you, none of your business. Am I being detained?
If you believe everything you hear about trump Urine in for a long four years....
Trump is banning the importing of shredded cheese. He wants to make America grate again. 
If Donald Trump creates a religion He will become a Trumpet 
What's Donald Trump's favorite drink? A White Russian.                                   I'm so sorry.  
What will be the campaign motto of Trump's opponent in 2020? Make America Great Again
Trump isn't wrong when he uses "alternative facts"... He's just alt-right.
So I heard the Democrats wanted to force Obama to remain President Not the first time they've wanted to make a black man work involuntarily and not the first time they've been angry at the 13th amendment. 
People don't realize Trump is the healthiest president in our history. He's been training his whole life to run the aryan race.
Today Trump consulted his alter ego about lifting the ban.. Yep, Bannon.
What did Trump tell Yates? You're fired.
Since Trump wants to get coal miners their jobs back... is it a good time to hope for Enron, too?
Cai Ing Wen, Angela Merkel and Hilary Clinton were walking in the desert... They found a magic lamp, rubbed it, and sure enough, a genie came out.  "I can only grant you one wish," said the genie, "but there are three of you, so my wish will be given to the most intelligent one.  I'll give each one of you a chance to make your case that you are the cleverest, beginning with you, Chancellor of Germany."  Before Merkel could say anything, everyone noticed Cai started laughing, and she covered her mouth. Nevertheless, Merkel said:"Weil, Ich stahted auf as a rwesech scientisht, und mine leaderhip, Deutschland became zee de facdo leaderr of Europa, what Napoleon and Hitler habben failed, I succeeded, also, mine immigrachen politiks made Deutschland more vielfältig and robust than evah."  The genie nodded, and turned to Clinton:"What about you, Mrs.Clinton?" This time, Cai laughed a bit harder, but Hilary Clinton ignored that, and said:"Do you know who Claire Underwood is?"  The genie said:"Why, she is a fictional character, from a rather entertaining TV series." Clinton said confidently:"Well I'm her on heroin, cocaine and hCG, without all the negative aspects."  The genie said:"Why Mrs.Clinton, that is very concise and actually quite impressive."   Before the genie could say anything else, they were interrupted by Cai's uninhibited laughter.   "What is so amusing, Madame President?" The genie asked.  To everyone's surprise, Cai replied in fluent English with a New England accent:"Ey I thought you genies eh suppose' be smaht," said Cai, barely holding back her laughter:"2 white chicks and only one Asian and you wonder who's the smahtest? Bitch pleaaase!"
Donald Trump announced plans to stop subsidizing the corn industry He's making America grain again.
What the did the republican student call his bad grades? Alternative facts...
[NSFW] Donald Trump has chest pains. So he gets taken to the surgery... and Hillary Clinton jumps out. "Yeah, I may have swallowed her once."  Some time later he has chest pains again. Again to the surgery... Barack Obama jumps out. "Yeah, I may have swallowed him once."  Again chest pains, back to the surgery... Nigel Farage jumps out. "I never swallowed him, he must have crawled up my ass by himself."
Yesterday, both houses of Congress met to debate legalizing marijuana. It was a joint session.
What does Trump like to do to Canadians? He likes tariff us off.
How does Trump maintain his clean image?   Golden showers.
Why did that fly land on Hillary Clinton? because you are a piece of shit.
Why wasn't Hillary Clinton prosecuted? She deserves affair trial. 
Did you hear about Hillary Clinton's roof being blown off? She's trying to cover it up.
A rapist, a bigot, and Donald Trump walk into a bar. . . . . .and that was just ONE GUY.
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and a catfish? One has whiskers and smells like crap and the other is a catfish. 
How to make a Trump sandwich White bread  Lots of baloney  Russian dressing  And a small pickle
Why is the Republican Party called the GOP? Because they Grab Our Pussies.
I doubt the Statue of Liberty is Donald Trump's favorite statue. A better bet would be Lady Justice: She has a wardrobe Donald certainly approves of and the blindfold means there won't be any embarrassing stories popping up later.
Did you hear about that decision the Supreme Court handed down without Justice Ginsburg? It was ruthless.
Jeffrey Epstein, Donald Trump, and Bill Clinton walk into a bar. The bartender says, “Where am I? Where are my parents?”
Trump and Obama are the new standard for penis measurement One of them is a dick. The other one is a ruler.
President Trump's choice for Supreme Court Justice is strongly opposed to euthanasia. I wonder what he's got against kids in the Orient?
TIL Donald Trump played Football when he was in college. He played de fence.
What is Donald Trump's most anticipated movie of the year? The Great Wall. 
Trump is bringing America back to a time when it was great 1984
A general rushes up to Donald Trump, says "Sir, China has attacked one of our ships in the South China Sea!" The two move to the Situation Room with a big map on the wall showing positions and movements.    "The Pacific fleet is in Hawaii, sir," the general says.  "We can deploy them immediately at your command."  "Good, getting them through the Canal and across the Atlantic will take time," Trump says.  "Umm...what do you mean, sir?  They're in Hawaii.  They're already in the Pacific."  Trump's face turns red and he scowls at the general.  "Look here, Mr. Soldier Man smartypants.  Hawaii is on the left side of the map.  The South China Sea is on the right.  Do you want our fleet to fall off the map?!" 
Why doesn't Trump stay in the Whitehouse on weekends? All the ghosts in their white sheets keep reminding him of his father.
Where was Hillary Clinton on Election night? In La La Land.
On election night, a Hillary voter hears knocking on the front door... *knock! knock!*  Who's there?  Hillary.  Hillary who?  Hillary lost.   *bang! bang!*
How will Trump deport the Mexicans? Juan by Juan.
Did you hear? If the democratic candidate wins the white house... the president will be taking a pay cut. It works out to be about 22%.
I'm going as president Obama for Halloween this year. I'll tell you you're getting different candy, but it will be the same candy from last year.
There are alot of Hillary signs in my neighborhood... When did she change her last name to 'For Prison'?
I hear Trump has a new TV show. The Biggest Loser.
Trump invites pope to his yacht Have you heard about Trump inviting the Pope for lunch on his mega yacht?  The Pope accepted, and during lunch a puff of wind blew the Pontiff's hat off, right into the water. It floated off about 50 feet, then the wind died down and it just floated in place. The crew and the security team were scrambling to launch a boat to go get it, when Trump waved them off, saying "Never mind, boys, I'll get it."  The Donald climbed over the side of the yacht, walked on the water to the hat, picked it up, walked back on the water, climbed onto the yacht, and handed the Pope his hat. The crew was speechless. The security team and the Pope's entourage were speechless also. No one knew what to say, not even the Pope.  But that afternoon, NBC knew how to cover the story. Their banner headline read:       "TRUMP CAN'T SWIM!"  
Did you guys hear about that crazy thing Trump said at the debate last night? I couldn't believe it. He said "Ohio is a spectacular place."
If I had a dollar for every time Donald Trump denied something... Then I too would have a small loan of 1 million dollars
After Hillary moves in it will be called the Ova Office. That is all.
How dumb is Donald Trump? Some are ok some are dumb:  * He thought GDP meant Grab Dat Pussy.  * He thought inalienable rights were an immigration problem.  * He thought the ISS was a terrorist space base.  * He thought habeas corpus was a spell from Harry Potter.  * He thought the adversarial system of law was the Thunderdome.  * He thought the Bill of Rights was a transcript of his debate talking points.  * He thought by-laws had to do with gender identity.  * He thought the term "dark horse candidate" was a racial term.  * He thought "jus ad bellum" meant speak louder.
Why does Donald Trump keep saying he has a great relationship with The Blacks? Because he financed their daughter Rebecca’s music video “Friday”.      From the book: DONALD TRUMP IS F**KING GOOFY 
At first I wondered.. How on earth does Hillary Clinton sleep at night? Then I realised - First she *lies* on one side, then she *lies* on the other.
Why do Trump supporters think pissing people off is an accomplishment?  Because they can't afford a real golden shower show. 
If Trump and Hillary were stuck on a sinking ship, who would survive? America.
Why doesn't Hitler look down on his kids, Trump and Putin? Because he has to look up
If I had to make a list of the Seven Wonder of the World, Trump would be on it... ...because everyone in the world wonders how he managed to become the president.
Say "no" to Trump this November. Even though that's probably never stopped him before. 
What is Donald Trump's favourite nation? Discrimination
Trump, a Mexican and a Black are in the Hospital Birthstation, They are all sitting on a bench and wait for their wife to bear. The midwife comes embarrassed with all three babys to the fathers and say: "We have got a problem, because we accidentally interchanged the babys and don't know what belongs to whom, we are so sorry!"  Mexican: This is easy, this one smells like a fajita, this is mine!   The Black: Smiles, and say the black is mine!   Trum: Wait wait wait guys, as long as im not 100% sure which one is the mexican, the black is mine!  
How does trump like his eggs? Whites only 
For my birthday, I received a Donald Trump plaster moulding kit that I can never use. I don't want to set a dangerous president.
Donald Tump and Hilary Clinton are stranded on a Island, who do thy save first? America
The real difference between Obama and Trump Obama makes jokes.  Trump is a joke.
Someone asked Trump how he planned to build the wall he said "On the day I got elected 60 million people shit a brick and Mexico agreed to pay for the mortar"﻿
President Obama was asked for comment on the allegation President-Elect Trump paid underage girls to urinate in a bed he and Mrs. Obama once stayed in, Said President Obama, "It doesn't bother me a bit. Wait til he sees what I left for him in the upper tank in the Oval Office bathroom."
Apparently, Donald Trump is currently being treated for Electile dysfunction and premature congratulations. Isn't it Hillaryous!
You guys was right about Donald Trump harming the environment He's already making snowflakes melt!
What did Donald Trump say when he couldn't find his Viagra? The erection is rigged!
What is going to replace ObamaCare? Don.T.Care
I'm going to be releasing a book about Donald Trump's America soon, that will help sway the non-believers.. The title will be 'Everything Is Going To Be Alt-Right'
I pissed off the White House today. Unfortunately it was from too high up to spell anything in the snow.
Muslim book store in New York: A man asks if they have the latest Donald Trump book on immigration. "Fuck off, get out and don't come back" says the store owner.   "That's the one!" says the man
Did you know that Donald Trump actually has a beautiful full head of hair? It's an alternative fact!
What did the Republicans have to say about the latest edition of Democratic nonsense ? Nothing...     They were busy at work.
If the green man lives in the green house, the red man lives in the red house and the blue man lives in the blue house. Who lives in the white house? The orange man 
Recent study shows 3% of scientists are Republicans Scientists are still baffled at how high this number is. 
The frontman for Third Eye Blind has announced he's endorsing Hillary Clinton and changing the band's name to All Eyes Blind.
Hillary Clinton and Donald trump both are in the same car, who should be the driver? The police
Clinton and Obama Clinton and Obama are walking down a hall. Clinton bumps into Obama and says"Pardon Me"
Why does Trump like pressing apples in the fall? Because he likes to stick his hand in cider!
Trump did release his Taxes... But Hillary deleted the email ...           I'm sorry 
What is Donald Trump's favorite river? Denial.   
Trump and Obama end up at the same barbershop. As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were even afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn into politics. As the barbers finished their shaves, the one who had Obama in his chair reached for the aftershave. Obama was quick to stop him saying "No way buddy, my wife will smell that and think I've been in a damn whorehouse." The second barber turned to Trump and said "How about you?" Trump replied, "Go ahead, my wife doesn't know what the inside of a whorehouse smells like."    Let the downvotes begin.  This is an experiment.
My grandma is going to vote for Hillary... She's been dead since 82.
Trump passes Pence on his way out of the White House. "Pardon Me"
The other day I mentioned Ivanka Trump and my son said "Did you say Tonka Truck?" I said "No, one is yellow, hollow, and plastic and the other is a toy truck!"
Why are the sick birds upset at President Trump? They heard he was planning to deport all ill eagle's
What did the hacker say at the congressional hearing? "I will answer any related queries to disassembly"
If I had a cent every time I made a Trump reference... I still wouldn't pay taxes.
Why does Donald Trump suck as a Party Host? Because he never entertains a +Juan.
Why is Donald Trump so insistent that we say "Merry Christmas"? Because he wants to Make America Greet Again.
There's an email going around that claims to include a nude photo of Hillary Clinton Don't open it. It contains a nude photo of Hillary Clinton.
Hillary and Trump have a child. His name is Daniel Keem.
What is Bill Clinton's favorite song from Hamilton? Say No To This.
Bill Clinton died and went to heaven. As he stood in front of Saint Peter at the Pearly Gates, he saw a huge wall of clocks behind him. He asked, "What are all those clocks?"   Saint Peter answered, "Those are Lie-Clocks. Everyone on Earth has a Lie-Clock. Every time you lie, the hands on your clock will move.   "Oh," said Bill, "whose clock is that?"  "That's Mother Teresa's. The hands have never moved indicating that she never told a lie."  "Whose clock is that?"  "That's Abraham Lincoln's clock. The hands have only moved twice telling us that Abe only told 2 lies in his entire life."  "Where's Hillary's clock?" Bill asked.  "Hillary's clock is in Jesus' office. He's using it as a ceiling fan." 
What's Donald Trump's favorite form of martial arts? Krav MAGA!
Why doesn't Melania Trump want to be the first lady? Because she would have to move into a smaller house. 
How many Libertarians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? If it's their lightbulb, none of your damn business.
What's the difference between Trump and Hitler? A rusty trombone 
if trump was president and made trump insurance... the slogan would be "trump insurance,we build a wall around your house"
Monica Lewinsky will be voting for Trump As the last Clinton in office left a bad taste in her mouth...
Did you hear that Donald Trump's new hair will cause riots due to its connection to satanic rituals? If he confirms the change, they'll be hell toupee.  I'll show myself out.
What do Social Justice Warriors call the white house? The Privileged House
Why didn't Trump hire any Muslim Cabinet members? He didn't want the decision to blow up in his face.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau? Justin Trudeau apologizes to the Russian hooker after he pees on her.
Does Did Trump Play Pokémon GO? He was interested in finding a Squirtle.
A shocking new report reveals Donald Trump likes to be peed on by members of his new administration He calls it a Goldman shower
Obama wanted to wear a tan suit But his wife made him wear a blue on blue on blue to end his reign as president.
Now that Trump is president all of America is a fire zone
President trump President trump has announced that due to weather conditions, the installation of the toupee on the statue of liberty will have to wait until next week!
Trump's reelection speech Donald: "We will make America Trump again!"  Crowd: "Yeah!!!!!"  
Looks like Trump is keeping up Michelle's ideals of getting America fit again. One day in office and he has thousands of people getting up and going out for walks on this beautiful Saturday morning.   Edit: Yes, yes MILLIONS. I wasn't sure if those sources were true or not when I posted.   Also, the spam from the Trump people is great. I feel like I'm on the *real* internet.  
Why did President Trump cross the road? "I didn't cross the road. I have never crossed the road. More lies of the MSM. Sad!"
How did Trump win? He Trumped the opposition. It was Hillaryious
Capcom is developing a new game based on Donald Trump... It's called President Evil. 
I hear Donald Trump wants every welfare recipient to take a drug test... I don't even what to know what he's planning to do with all those urine samples.
Former presidential candidate Senator Sanders falls ill. What do you call him? A sick Bern.
Why is Donald Trump the rarest form (real life incartination) of pepe? Because it can be witnessed only once in a *Melania*-um.
Do you know what Mexicans think about Trump's wall? Who cares, they'll get over it..
I just don't get why so many Trump supporters are into BBW? Seriously though. His supporters even love that big beautiful Jewish one in Israel.
Do you think Donald Trump get his hairpieces for free... ...or does he have toupée?
What does Jeb Bush say to his kids when he's potty training them? Please crap.
I had the chance to speak with the president today... Every time I wiped my ass he left a new message.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton... ...are on a lifeboat in the middle of the ocean, and it starts to sink. Who survives?   America.
Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton are in a plane crash, who survives America
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton? One meandered between party lines, while the other remained a Republican.
I'm voting for Trump... I've never seen a president assassinated. 
Hillary Clinton is sick according to doctors... I pneu it all along. 
Trump is like 10th grade me... I feel like Trump is 10th grade me saying anything I can to try to get a girl to take her shirt off. And Hillary is her bitchy friend trying to ruin my fun. And I hope America is one of the girls who listened to her friend. 'Cause if you go with me you're gonna get fucked.
Why does Donald Trump watch the Olympics? To see how high Mexicans can jump
If Clinton is elected president... It will be the first time two presidents slept with each other...
My computer teacher reminds me a lot of Donald Trump Honestly! He really is. This one time when we were doing Microsoft Word, he told me, "Wrap the Borders around Mexico." 
Yo, Hillary, I'm really happy for you, and I'ma let you finish... ...but the World Trade Centre had one of the best collapses of all time! One of the best collapses of all time!
What's the difference between Donald Trump and curtains Nothing, they both make the world a darker place
Donald Trump Michael Jackson and Snoop Dog are on a plane Donald Trump, Michael Jackson any Snoop Dog are on a plane with 3 boys from make-a-wish foundation the pilot yells back the plane is going down and that there are only 3 parachutes. Snoop says "give them to the children. Trump yells "fuck the children". Michael Jackson look around and asks "but do we have time..."
Bill Clinton and Al Gore go out to lunch Bill Clinton and Al Gore go out to lunch, The waitress comes up to take their order, Bill Clinton says "I'll take the quickie darlin". The waitress gets very upset over this and says "I've been a big supporter of you and voted for and this is the thanks I get" and storms off. Al Gore turns to Bill and says "I think it's pronounced quiche"
Trump banned all pre-shredded packaged cheese... ... He wanted to make America grate again.
What did Trump say to a fat chick who asked him if he thinks people will be sad after being deported? They sure will miss America
Bill Clinton meets with Fidel Castro... Bill walks into Castro's mansion and says "Wow Fidel, this is a nice house! How can you afford it? Must be worth Hundreds of Millions".   - "See that bridge?", Castro responds while pointing at an unfinished bridge, "Half of it is here" he says while pointing at his pocket and laughing.  -  A Few Years Later -  -  Fidel visits Bill Clinton, and as he walks into Bill's house, he sees Gold coated columns, solid Gold statues, and tens of prostitutes giggling and smiling at them. Fidel says, "Wow Bill, I see you're doing well for yourself! But how can you afford this with the small presidential salary?"  - Bill points at the horizon and says "See that bridge?"  - Fidel responds "Which bridge?"  - Bill laughs and says "Exactly!" while pointing at his pocket with a big smile.
Trump supporters are really depressed by his latest poll numbers... They probably could use a grope hug.
I voted for Donald Trump today. End of joke.
What did Trump say to Hillary when she told him a joke? "You're Hillaryus"   I'll walk myself out...
Melania says Trump is just a "Teenage" boy. Wow, when he gets into the White House, manufacturer's will finally be forced to make socks that don't leak. 
I'm not sure Hillary should be in Office... The last Clinton left a bad taste in people's mouths. 
If Hillary wins I'm moving to Benghazi at least she'll ignore me there!
Trump finally gets his come up pence. Next time maybe you'll want to go for his plane God?  Just my two Pence worth.
Trump is that lobster smart enough to get out of the saucepan to turn off the heat! Trudeau is the lobster that reaches out for the seasoning!
My girlfriend is a Trump supporter who ran out of breakfast bread. She lacks toast and tolerance.
Trump heard that some of Patriots weren't coming to the White House. They say he was deflated.
When Trump said to "grab them by the pu$$y"... I don't think he had seen the movie Teeth.
What is Donald Trump's favorite gum? Bigly Chew.
Don't Read If You're A Trump Supporter A Mexican kid meets Donald Trump and says to him, “I want to be President one day.” Trump says, “Are you stupid? Are you an idiot? Out of your mind? Are you retarded?”  The kid replies, “You know what, I’ve changed my mind. Those are too many requirements.”
How do the Mexicans feel about President Trumps wall? They'll get over it
Trump doesn't seem to have a problem... ...fucking immigrants.
Why did Trump stage a photo op of him winning a marathon against a bunch of traffic signs? To show that he was leading the poles
The towns being evacuated under the Oroville Dam all voted Pro-Trump. Clearly those people love to live in constant fear of disaster.
Kim Jong-un &amp; Donald Trump Kim Jong-un announced in a news conference that North Korea would be sending a man to the sun within ten years!  A reporter said - "But the sun is very hot. How can your man land on the sun?"   There was a stunned silence. Nobody knew how to react.   Then Kim Jong-un quietly answered  "We will land at night".   The entire audience broke out in thunderous applause !  Back in the White House, Donald Trump and his entourage were watching the news conference on TV.  When Trump heard what Kim had said, he sneered -  "What an idiot. There is no sun at night time !"   Now, his cabinet broke up in thunderous applause
What's the hardest animal for the Trump administration to catch? A break.
Donald Trump is #notmypresident… …because he hasn't been inaugurated yet.  \#mypresidentelect 
Rick Perry:I am pleased to announce that Donald Trump had nominated me to... My new job, I can't. Sorry. Oops.
George W. Bush, Barack Obama and Donald Trump were all leaving Washington D.C. and going the same direction, so they decided to take Air Force 1. Unfortunately, due to a mechanical malfunction, Air Force 1 crashed, killing all aboard.  So Bush, Obama, and Trump approached the pearly gates, where God sat on his throne.  “Tell me, what do you believe in?” God asked Mr. Bush.  “I believe in education and free trade,” was the reply.  “Excellent. Take a seat here on my right,” God said.  “Now tell me, Mr. Obama, what do you believe in?” God asked.  “I believe in equal rights for all and universal healthcare,” Obama replied.  “Very good. Take a seat to my left,” God instructed.  “And Mr. Trump, what do you believe in?” God queried.  “I believe you are sitting in my seat,” Trump shot back.
Trump and Putin decide theyre going to decide WW3 with a Dog Fight So they agree on coming back in a couple of years after training a dog for the occasion and rather than wasting millions of human lives and countless dollars they agree that the winner of the dog fight is the offical winner of WW3.   Some time passes and they meet up again. Putin shows up with a mean looking Russian Shepard all muscle and just foaming with rage and hatred. Trump walks in with a long cage and opens it to reveal a 7ft long weiner dog. Putin and the other russians with him begin to laugh as the war is almost assuredly in their favor. Trump just nods as the two dogs enter the fighting areana.   In a matter of seconds Trump's weiner dog has absolutely shredded Putin's Shepard. There's almost nothing left. Trump just nods his head and begins to leave. Putin in a fit of hysteria grabs Trump by the collar and asks HOW!  "Well if you calm down vlad ill tell you." Trump says  Putin collects himself and takes a step back. Gesturing for trump to proceed.   "Well it took millions in plastic surgery but we were finally able to make an alligator look like a dog."
I'm kind of surprised that Hillary Clinton hasn't killed Huma Abadin yet. Nothing to do with any of the scandals. Just because they're two women who worked together.
Donald trump just got caught grabbing a intern's ass in the oval office. When Clinton heard he said close but no cigar. 
Liberals are acting like Trump is going to kill all the gays, make slavery legal again, and take away women's rights.... Like we haven't seen this before.
I'm glad Trump is white and Obama is black. Because white people only serve half the time in the big house. Hell, if Trump is guilty of rape charges, he'll be out in six months.
Trump made up his very own word for what he will be in less than 2 years "Unpresidented" 
What's the fastest way to get a Trump supporter to talk at length about Hillary Clinton? Mention Donald Trump.
Donald Trump gets impeached in 2017. Donald Trump holds a meeting with his family. His youngest son had yet to hear why exactly he was impeached but, it was horrible. Even, his most ardent supporters abandoned him which allowed for fellow Republicans in Congress to tear him apart.   "Shortly after I became President..." Donald said and then paused for four seconds and began to speak. Tears welled in his eyes which was rare of him. He got out a handkerchief and wiped. He  continued with emotion modulating his voice. "I went to a soccer game in Kenya. Yes, I believe it was Kenya. We were dominating the game. The U.S. team was beating them badly." Tiffany bawled and had to leave the room. Melania was staring blankly in the air in shock. Eric Trump nudged her and she had to leave. Donald Trump looked at his family and tried to move on but, it was tough.  Donald began to scream very loudly. "WHY!" He then, struggled to calm himself. Donald Jr. patted his back. "Okay...okay." He said calmy and then slumped over to tell more of his story. "I just had to say something. They were losing so badly, I just had to say something." He shook his head and grasped his hair and strained his roots by pulling! He was mad! He was in despair! "When, I saw those Kenyans losing so badly. I just had to rub it in! I went down before the game was finished and it was before the final play... Oh God! Why!? Why had God forsaken me!?" Donald got up and walked back and forth. Laughing hysterically. He managed to calm down and was trembling. "Did you know what I said on that stage!? I-I-" Trump's eyes darted rapidly as if he were about to faint, he was sweating heavily and breathing deeply. "I went on the stage and told everyone, the whole world..."  Make Africa Grate Again!
Any post that says Trump or Russia on my front page, I dont click on it. Thats it thats the joke. 
What did Clinton tell the FBI? "I did not have classified relations with that server!"
Why is Donald Trump investing in cloning, choirs, aviaries, and bakeries? So he can sing a song of six Pence, with a pocket full of rye, and four and twenty blackbirds baked in a pie. 
Why should neither hillary or trump be allowed to run for president? Because once you go black you can't go back
Clinton and Trump get in a plane crash, who is saved? The USA
After watching the debate Mathew Mcconaughey has decided to vote for Donald Trump. Asked why he responded, "i'm alt-right alt-right alt-right" 
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a bar.... Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says, "The media is really tearing you apart for that Scandal."  Hillary: "You mean my lying about Benghazi?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the massive voter fraud?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the military not getting their votes counted?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using my secret private server with classified material to Hide my Activities?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything Else?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, Hiring Cronies, And taking bribes from foreign countries?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the drones being operated in our own country without The Benefit of the law?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it Declared Bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Turning Libya into chaos?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Being the mastermind of the so-called “Arab Spring” that only brought chaos, death and destruction to the Middle East and North Africa?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The funding and arming of terrorists in Syria, the destruction and destabilization of that nation, giving the order to our lapdogs in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to give sarin gas to the "moderate" terrorists in Syria that they eventually used on civilians, and framed Assad, and had it not been for the Russians and Putin, we would have used that as a pretext to invade Syria, put a puppet in power, steal their natural resources, and leave that country in total chaos, just like we did with Libya?  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The creation of the biggest refugees crisis since WWII?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Leaving Iraq in chaos? "  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The DOJ spying on the press?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 Months Later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring citizens' ?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the INSIDER TRADING of the Tyson chicken deal I did where I invested $1,000 and the next year I got $100,000?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean when Bill met with Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, just before my hearing with the FBI to cut a deal?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: " You mean the one where my IT guy at Platte River Networks asked Reddit for help to alter emails?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean where the former Haitain Senate President accused me and my foundation of asking him for bribes?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean that old video of me laughing as I explain how I got the charges against that child rapist dropped by blaming the young girl for liking older men and fantasizing about them. Even though I knew the guy was guilty? Link  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean that video of me coughing up a giant green lunger into my drinking glass then drinking it back down?" Link  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean that video of me passing out on the curb and losing my shoe?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean when I robbed Bernie Sanders of the Democratic Party Nomination by having the DNC rig the nomination process so that I would win?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean how so many people that oppose me have died in mysterious ways?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Travel Gate? When seven employees of the White House Travel Office were fired so that friends of Bill and mine could take over the travel business? And when I lied under oath during the investigation by the FBI, the Department of Justice, the White House itself, the General Accounting Office, the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, and the Whitewater Independent Counsel?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The scandal where, (while I was Secretary if State), the State Department signed off on a deal to sell 20% of the USA's uranium to a Canadian corporation that the Russians bought, netting a $145 million donation from Russia to the Clinton Foundation and a $500,000 speaking gig for Bill from the Russian Investment Bank that set up the corporate buyout?. That scandal?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time I lied when I said I was under sniper fire when I got off the plane in Bosnia?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time when after I became the First Lady, I improperly requested a bunch of FBI files so I could look for blackmail material on government insiders?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time when Bill nominated Zoe Baird as Attorney General, even though we knew she hired illegal immigrants and didn't pay payroll taxes on them?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "When I got Nigeria exempted from foreign aid transparency guidelines despite evidence of corruption because they gave Bill a $700,000 in speaking fees?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time in 2009 when Honduran military forces allied with rightist lawmakers ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya, and I as then-Secretary of State sided with the armed forces and fought global pressure to reinstate him?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That blood scandal, where we literally gave aids directly to people killing thousands, and only stopped after being forced to by the courts?" link  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "I give up! ... Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware, when Bill left Office?"  Trump: "THAT'S IT! I almost forgot about that one". 
Donald Trump is... Nazi best candidate I have seen.
Barack Obama's initials are B.O. When he leaves the Oval Office it sure is going to stink. 
Clinton to Trump: Release your tax returns! I have never seen them. Trump: …but I emailed them to you. Of course you've never seen them.
What do Hillary Clinton and Reddit have in common? They are both majority owned by Saudi Arabia
what's the difference between Donald trump and road kill? the road kill has skid marks before it
Donald Trump just Burned Hillary Clinton's Campaign to the Ground with THIS Secret Weapon Pure sensationalist hype. It has melted right through Hillary Clinton's campaign. Hillary supporters are furious.
Humpty Trumpty Humpty Trumpty wanted to build a wall. Humpty Trumpty had a great fall. All of the sellouts and band-wagon men,  couldn't put poor Trumpty's reputation back together again.
What cereal does President Trump stockpile at the White House? Cheerios...Made for little hands!
Hillary Clinton is getting her own video game. Left 4 Dead: Benghazi
People say Trump is like Hitler.. except he's not because Hitler actually had a good healthcare plan...
I posted "In the end, I hope Trump is just a bump in the road and we go on about our business" Was answered "yeah, in that case, the line of cars waiting their turn will stretch to the horizon"
I'm sorry that I sent you Donald Trump Reddit replies: Username checks out!
Trump finally addressed the Russian claims! He was quoted "I did not have foreign relations with that country."
Trump requested to have roses planted around the White House... ...to replace the collard greens.
Trump has only been president five minutes. He's already got his hands full.
Breaking News: Donald Trump and his staff will be replacing the email system at the White House They'll be using alternative fax instead
Don't blame Trump for this immigration policy, Lady Liberty tried to come over from France 130 years ago and they still haven't let her in! 
How to talk to a congressman A congressman was seated next to a little girl on an airplane so he turned to her and said, "Do you want to talk? Flights go quicker if you strike up a conversation with your fellow passenger."  The little girl, who had just started to read her book, replied to the total stranger, "What would you want to talk about?"  "Oh, I don't know," said the congressman as he smiled smugly, "How about global warming; universal health care; or stimulus packages?"  "OK," she said. "Those could be interesting topics but let me ask you a question first. A horse, a cow, and a deer all eat the same stuff - grass. Yet a deer excretes little pellets, while a cow turns out a flat patty, but a horse produces clumps. Why do you suppose that is?"  The legislator, visibly surprised by the little girl's intelligence, thinks about it and says, "Hmmm, I have no idea."  To that the little girl replied, "Do you really feel qualified to discuss global warming, universal health care, or the economy, when you don't know shit?"  And then she went back to reading her book.
How do we know Milo Yiannopoulos isn't a libertarian? Libertarians don't drive slow in school zones.
Hillary, Donald, and Bernie walked into a bar "It's nice to see you, Ms. Swank, Mr. Glover, and Mr. Kopell," said the bartender.
To everyone's surprise, Trump reaches pearly gates. Shocked, Saint Peter yells at his guards. "For Heaven's sake get the Hell out of here"
Why will Hillary not be the next american president? Donald has the Trump card.
Don't give Trump viagra He'll get taller.
Donald and Hillary go into a bakery .. Donald and Hillary go Into a Bakery on the Campaign Trail    As soon as they enter the bakery, Hillary steals three pastries and puts them in her pocket.    She says to Donald, "See how clever I am?      The owner didn't see anything and I don't even need to lie.”      I will definitely win the election.      Donald says to Hillary, "That's the typical dishonesty you have displayed throughout your entire life, trickery and deceit.    I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result."    Donald goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and   I will show you a magic trick."      Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry.      Trump swallows it and asks for another one.    The owner gives him another one.      Then Donald asks for a third pastry and  eats that, too.      The owner is starting to  wonder where the magic trick is and  asks, "What did you do with the  pastries?     Trump replies, "Look in  Hillary's pocket"...  
The Joker is in a room with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, and has a gun with one bullet, who does he shoot? No one because some men just want to watch the world burn. 
If Bill Clinton ever says "I can't. My wife would kill me" What he really means is his wife would have him killed.
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are together in a lifeboat in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean. No land in sight. No ships in sight. Who survives? The American people.
Donald Trump gets on a train with 3 well respected leaders of carious countries. The French President, the Columbian President, the Mexican President, and an American named Donald Trump are riding in a train discussing their country's futures. Trying to out do each other, the Columbian President takes out a kilo of 100% pure Cocaine gets a tiny spoon full, takes a sniff and throws it out the window. "Le Dio Una Mano!", exclaims the Columbian President. Astounded, the others in the group ask why he did such a thing. "In Columbia, we have a lot more." A bit later, not to be out-done, the French president pulls out a very expensive bottle of 1775 Sherry. He opens it, he takes a sip, and throws the entire bottle out the window. "C'est la vie", he exclaims. "But no matter, we have much more in France". Then Donald Trump, the American, thinking he can't be out done by these 2 presidents thinks hard for a few minutes. He gets up and opens a nearby door, grabs the Mexican President and throws him off the train.
I asked the lady at the hippy bookstore if she had the new book by Donald trump about foreign policy. She said "you are worthless and I want you out of this country"  I said..."yea, that's it. Do you have it in paperback?"
Have you heard about McDonald’s new Bernie Sanders Value Meal? Order anything you like and the guy behind you has to pay for it.
What do you get when you cross Donald Trump and Bill Clinton? Murdered in a jail cell.
If I had a penny for every Donald Trump joke, I would have a small loan of a million dollars.
Why does China like Trump so much? They built a great wall hundreds of years ago and they still don't have any Mexicans.
How much is trump's life insurance worth? One Pence 
Donald Trump Worst joke I ever told.
If Trump was a spy in the Vietnam War, what would his code name be? Agent Orange
Donald Trump was once asked if he could quote any Bible verses. "Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Deport him and you will never have to feed him again."  Donald 20:17
What is Trump's favorite video game? Tetris
Did you hear about when Trump fought in Vietnam? A few soldiers were discussing our new President and how worthy he was to serve. They mocked him endlessly until a Private spoke up.  "Didn't you know The President fought in Vietnam?"  "He ain't no soldier, you maggot!"  "No its true! Although I heard he was very controversial and ended up causing more harm than good. I'm sure you've heard about the devastation caused by Agent Orange!"
What did Donald Trump say to the burning building? You're fire.
What do you get when you combine Trump, the Holocaust, and acid? Orange Jews
Why does Donald Trump finish nearly every tweet with an exclamation point? Because he thinks periods are gross.
I just made a George Bush cocktail! It costs $9.11
What do Sanders and Trump supporters have in common? Neither of them voted for Bernie Sanders
The controversy surrounding Donald Trump and the Russian hacking of American voting machines is being blown way out of proportion...  who cares if Putin voted for him.
Trump is the very definition of class Too bad its all third class!
What do Congressional Republicans and ISIS in Afghanistan have in common?. Their first act since arriving was to go after the elderly.
What's the difference between Boss Trump and President Trump? President Trump doesn't mind going out of pocket to pay for projects in advance. 
You know what they say about Donald Trump... He was born with a golden shower in his mouth. 
Donald Trump Leader of the pee world. 
In America, Trump unseats black, male president. In Russia, president sits on Trump blackmail!
Donald Trump and his followers are buying Macs So they don't have to be PC anymore.   *Ba dum tsst
Trumps wall is going to have a tremendous effect on immigration Just look at China! They've had a wall for centuries and they don't have any Mexicans?
Donald Trump walks into a bar... the bartender says "What can I get you Mr. President?" Donald replies, "A virgin bloody Mary and sex on the beach."  The bartender replies, "for you anything, Mr President."  The bartender goes behind the bar and comes back with the drinks and asks, "Mr. President, how does a man of your status have such a bizarre drink order?"  Trump replies, *Well as long as you order Mary's &amp; sex on the beach, you can get anyone to follow you."  The bartender, "Why order them virgin?"  Trump, "I've seen how much it works for the competition!"
It takes a lot of balls for two men to get married in Trump's America Specifically, two pairs.
Who *actually* is going to pay for Trump's wall? Mexico, duh. Every idiot knows that. 
People need to relax with the Melania Trump memes criticizing her and the commander in chief's relationship The deadpan look does not indicate spousal abuse, smiling just requires a shitload of effort after a very fresh round of botox. 
Trump steps out onto the White House lawn in the dead of winter Donald Trump steps out onto the White House lawn in the dead of winter. Right in front of him, on the White House lawn, he sees “Donald Trump Sucks” written in urine across the snow.  Well, he's is pretty ticked off. He storms into his security staff’s HQ, and yells “Somebody wrote an insult in the snow on the front damn lawn! And they wrote it in urine! Whoever did it had to be standing right on the porch when he did it! Where were you guys?!” The security guys stay silent and stare ashamedly at the floor.  Trump hollers “Well dammit, don’t just sit there! Get out and find out who did it! I want an answer, and I want it tonight!”  The entire staff immediately jump up and race for the exits.  Later that evening, his chief security officer approaches him and says: “Well Mr. President, we have some bad news and we have some really bad news. Which do you want first?”  Trump says “Give me the bad news first.”  The officer says “Well, we took a sample of the urine and tested it. The results just came back, and it was Mike Pence’s urine.”  Trump says “Oh my god, I feel so... so... betrayed! My own vice president! Damn. ...Well, what’s the really bad news?”  The officer replies “Well, it’s Melania’s handwriting.”
What is Donald Trump's least favorite '80s band? Foreigner 
Donald Trumps hands are not that small Any hands would look small on such a massive cunt
President Obama wants to talk Michelle Obama into an open marriage Michelle: Barry, where is this coming from? This is very sudden! Our marriage has been very happy even under all the stress of this presidency.  Obama: I've been in the closet about this for a while, but I have such a man crush for Diamond Joe. I want to have a relationship with him too. But don't worry, I will love you.  Michelle: This is very sudden. What would it even look like?  Obama: Well, I don't know. We would still spend a lot of time together. But we could also have dank threesomes. And smoke plenty of weed. Lots of salt about how this election played out.
I feel sorry for Donald Trumps wife Clearly we all know who has to wear the penis in bed and who is actually the giant dick 24/7.
I'd rather vote for dead Hillary than Trump So would alot of dead Democrats
If Trump wins the election, Cher says she'll leave. I like Cher and all, but I think that may be Trump's first big accomplishment. That'll probably double the amount of plastic we export next year.  EDIT: Admit it, if you downvoted this joke it was because of Trump, not because you didn't think the joke was funny. You guys need to get a sense of humor. But then again, It's probably hard to laugh when international airfair is so high.
Why is Mrs Trump always on top? Because Donald can only fuck up.
What's Hillary's favorite pizza place? Little Seizures   Edit: credit to Joe Biggs @rambobiggs
Hillary Clinton is going to be the first f president... ... Oops, I meant to say female but someone deleted the emale
Trump Hotel Guests Beware! With the tremendous increase of high crimes, Trump has announced he is immediately implementing “Stop and Frisk.” He is hiring special Officers to do this. These Officers are known as the Guest-Stop-O. 
What's Hillary Clinton's favorite pizza place? Little Seizures.
My friend told me that Hillary has ads on Spotify. And I said:   "Well, I guess that makes sense. Anything she could do to up her chances. I mean, she *is* dying to become President."
Barrack Obama, Justin Trudeau, and a Newfie are on a plane... Flying over the US, Barrack Obama exclaimed "I would like to symbolically do something good for my country." And throws a quarter out the window.   Not wanting to be outdone, once they got over Canada, Justin Trudeau exclaimed "I would like to symbolically do something good for *my* country." And threw a loonie out the window.   Over Newfoundland, the Newfie exclaimed "I want to symbolically do something good for my province." And threw a bomb out the window.  The next day Barrack Obama is walking around in the US and sees a little boy crying. "What's wrong little boy"  "A quarter came out of the sky and killed my dog"  "Oh...gosh. That's horrible... Hope you feel better." And the president walks quickly away.   Justin Trudeau was walking around Canada and saw a little girl crying. "What's wrong little girl?"  "A loonie came out of the sky and killed my cat."  "That's horrible, I'm so sorry for your loss." And the prime minister walked quickly away.   The Newfie was walking around Newfoundland and sees this guy laughing his ass off. "What's so funny?"  "I farted and my house blew up."
What do you call someone who supports Hillary? Paid off.
Donald Trump was asked about the FDA's recent discovery that most parmesan cheese sold in america has high levels of cellulose... He says that if elected president one of the first things he'll do is ban all forms of powdered cheese, because this would make America grate again.
What's the difference between a gambler and a Kasich supporter? A gambler might lose.
President Trump goes to the Olympics At the 2018 Olympics, President Trump begins his speech.   “O!” — applause. “O!” — more applause. “O!” — yet more   applause. “O!” — an Huuuge ovation. “O!!!”   — the whole audience stands up and goes wild. An aide comes   running to the podium and   whispers, “President Trump , those are  the Olympic rings, you   don’t need to read them!” 
How can you tell a bernie sanders supporter from a hillary supporter? There age
Why are people supporting Donald Trump? Because he has what plants crave; electrolytes.
Why do the republicans defend the 2nd amendment so hard? They need it to shoot themselves in the foot.
I agree with Trump and Clinton, Neither one is qualified to be president. 
What’s the difference between Trump and a stripper?  Strippers climb polls.
We could have five more trumps running and still no one would gain. All we'd have is six pence,  and none the richer
Why does going back a page in your browser support Donald Trump? Because it enables the `Alt`+`Right`.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a bar. Donald leans over, and With A smile on his face, says, "The media is really tearing you apart for That Scandal."  Hillary: "You mean my lying about Benghazi?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the massive voter fraud?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the military not getting their votes counted?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using my secret private server with classified material to Hide my Activities?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything Else?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, Hiring Cronies, And taking bribes from foreign  countries?  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the drones being operated in our own country without The Benefit of the law?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it Declared Bankruptcy and was sold to the  Chinese?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The funding of neoNazis in the Ukraine that led to the toppling of the democratically elected president and to  the biggest crisis that country has had since WWII ?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Turning Libya into chaos?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Being the mastermind of the so-called “Arab Spring” that only brought chaos, death and destruction to the  Middle East and North Africa ?   Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi and go to sleep?  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The funding and arming of terrorists in Syria, the destruction and destabilization of that nation, giving the  order to our lapdogs in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to give sarin gas to the "moderate" terrorists in Syria that they  eventually used on civilians, and framed Assad, and had it not been for the Russians and Putin, we would have used  that as a pretext to invade Syria, put a puppet in power, steal their natural resources, and leave that country in total  chaos, just like we did with Libya?   Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The creation of the biggest refugees crisis since WWII  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Leaving Iraq in chaos? "  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The DOJ spying on the press?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 Months Later they declared bankruptcy and  then the Chinese bought it?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring citizens' ?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual  misconduct?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "I give up! ... Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware, when Bill left  Office?"  Trump: "THAT'S IT! I almost forgot about that one".
Why was Donald Trump friendly to the chinese people? He wanted advice on how a wall is built and how it works.
A man finds a lamp with the face of Donald Trump and rubs it. Donald Trump comes out of the lamp and tells the man he will grant him a wish if he agrees to vote  for him in the elections, the man says I will vote for you but please get rid of the minorities, Trumps says, your wish is my command.  If I win the elections the next day minorities will be deported.   The man cries of happiness as he sees Trump winning against Hillary on the election. The next day the man wakes up and.   The man still waiting...
Hillary Clinton... [DELETED]
What do Trump voters call Holocaust survivors? Mulligans.
The last Hillary Clinton email joke... [defeated]
You know why the stock prices dropped after Trump was elected? Because the value of the Pence plummeted 
A Trump Presidency is like a war movie... Everyone wants to see the outcome, (even though it's obvious) but don't want to be in any part of it.
Donald Trump stands behind every woman. With his dick out. 
Clinton is gonna win... ...inmate of the month when she helps fellow inmates with their Gmails.
Donald Trump walks into a bar He is not served.
Donald Trumps' first duty every day is to fix his bed head before any member of staff can see it
After this week, Donald Trump is so angry at the theater that ... he's going to build a 4th Wall. 
Laughingstock Hillary  Hillary Clinton will go down in history as America's biggest loser.  She rigged the election for President and lost anyway. 
So we can see that Donald Trump called the widow of the Long Island cop, to offer support. Hillary wouldn't have even emailed her, if she was president.
First thing Trump does as President... Is kick a Black man out of his house. 
Trump announces that Mexico no longer needs to fund the building of a wall. Harvesting and exporting all of the salt from Hillary supporters should cover the cost just fine. 
What do Trump and Kennedy have in common? Nothing yet, but lets stay hopeful.
With Trump winning the election... it feels like we're living out an alternate ending to Citizen Kane.
I would elect Alice Cooper as President sooner then Trump as Alice Cooper would get Trump to pay.
I am really pissed off that Trump is replacing Obama, but at least now I finally know what Orange is the new Black means.
Orange you glad Hillary didn't get elected? Trump is. 
Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin and Boris Johnson walk into a room...Oh God. This isn't even a joke anymore. Help
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and a robot designed by the Military industrial complex? I'd fuck the robot.
Late one night a robber wearing a mask stopped a well-dressed man and put a gun to his head. "Give me your money," he demanded. Scandalized, the man replied, "You can’t do this — I’m a US Congressman!"  "Oh! In that case," smiled the robber, "Give me MY money!"
Hilary Clinton is the leading example that women can do anything ...as long as your husband did it first...
My wife Mei said to me, "You just rike Trump." "Confident? An alpha male?" I said.   She shook her head.   "Real-estate savvy? A canny businessman?"   She looked at the floor and sighed.   "Proud father of - "   "No Steve!" She said, slamming the knife down on the counter.   "Both roose erection!"
Trump supporters are irrational, racists, misogynists... And some, I assume, are good people.
What did Mickey Mouse say to Trump when Goofy threw a shoe at him? DONALD DUCK !!!
What does David Bowie, Alan Rickman, Prince, Gene Wilder and Hillary Clinton have in common? Yeah, I wish too.
If Hillary and trump both died in a car crash guess who would be saved? America﻿
Donald Trump is a presidential candidate I can relate to Both of us have fantasies with Trump's daughter
What’s the difference between Donald Trump and Mr Smith?  Mr Smith went to Washington.
How do you climb Trump Tower? With a corporate ladder.
What are three differences between Hilary Clinton and a country! O,R and Y
Donald Trump. Am I doing this right?
So, it is clear now that the only person who can stop a Trump presidency is Hillary Clinton... ...by conceding in favour of Bernie Sanders.
Why does America need a huge army?... ...to compensate for shitty presidents like Bush.
If Trump played Pokemon Go He'd probably catch'em all and transfer them away.
What is the difference between Donald Trump and Bill Clinton? Ivanka didn't keep the dress
If Hillary becomes president... ...will that make Bill the first husband?
What did Donald Trump say to the thieving immigrant at the RNC? Great speech sweetheart!
I once walked into a brothel with a honeycomb and a jackass... Madam: You can't bring that in here, we don't want a sticky situation on our hands.  Me: I can leave the honeycomb outside.  Madam: The honeycomb can stay, but Mr. Trump needs to leave.
How are Clinton scandals like Pokémon? You'll never catch 'em all! 
What's going be America's largest export once Trump gets elected? Muslims
What would Donald Trump say if he was Mexican? 'WE NEED TO BUILD A RAMP!'
Donald Trump is the candy corn of politicians Part white, part orange and sickening in large doses
What does Trump grab this month? What does Trump grab this month........  Octo-Pussy
Trick or Trump? I asked, "Trump or Trump", the lady opening the door replied.
Donald Trump, wearing a Trump Suit stepped into the Trump Elevator in Trump Tower A stunningly beautiful blonde woman was already in the lift.  She said "If I give you $1,000, will you let me blow you?"  Trump thought about it for a second, then replied "What's in it for me?"
“In fact, before the dinner started, Donald went up to Hillary and asked her how she was doing,” “And she replied, ‘I’m fine, now get out of the ladies’ dressing room.'”  -Shamelessly stolen from Al Smith IV from tonight's Al Smith Memorial Foundation Dinner.  
What do you call a female Trump Supporter? A Trump-et
Don't move to Mars because of president-elect Trump. Last I checked, it was a red state.
Hey, wanna hear a Hillary Clinton Joke? [Deleted]
I have to hand it to Trump He's the only man to win an argument with a women 
Why did James Comey refuse to indict Hillary Clinton? Because he found his suicide note in her Wikileaks emails.
Why were so many Republicans shocked to be purged from the Trumpler transition team? Nobody expects the Klanish Inquisition.
Hillary was running as Democrat and her campaign really blue over.
I went as a congressional bill for Halloween.... I stayed in the House and didn't do anything.   
Hillary Clinton has been so embarrassed about her email scandal that if elected she will bring back the secure channels of communication she used growing up... the pony express.
Trump is our hero The hero we deserve for voting him in.
Democrats have been really angry over the 2016 election results The last time Democrats were THIS angry is when the Republicans took their slaves away
What is trumps favorite bookstore? Borders
Donald Trump, Barack Obama and Putin walk into a bar.. and walk out after having a drink. What else did you expect they would do in a bar?
So, I hope that when President Trump gets tired of us he'll leave us for some younger, more attractive, East European country. Hopefully in a year or so
As a Brit I didn't believe Brexit could be Trumped But it seems that's exactly what's happened :(
Donald Trump elected president... Joke's on you because it's true. 
Hillary Clinton wished young people would "Pokemon Go to the polls" [nsfw] The country told her to "Pokemon Go fuck yourself".
Which band does Donald Trump dislike the most? Foreigner.
It was Donald Trump's first day in office, and he had no clue what to do... He decided to call upon the ghosts of previous great presidents to ask for their advice.  "What do I have to do to become a great president?" Trump asked the ghost of George Washington.  "You must never tell a lie," Washington responded.  Trump scoffed. "No way! do you really expect me to do that? You're useless Washington."  The ghost vanished, only to be replaced by the spirit of Thomas Jefferson. "What must I do to become a great president?" Trump asked again.  Jefferson replied, "You must always put the people's interest ahead of your own."  "Are you kidding? Let's be reasonable here," Trump exclaimed.  Jefferson disappeared, and the ghost of Abraham Lincoln took his place.  "Alright," Trump said. "Do you have any good advice for me?"  Lincoln thought for a moment and replied, "This should be an easy one. Why don't you go watch a play."
2016 has been a weird year: Trump could be president, killer clowns have been spotted en masse, and now this... The Cubs have won the World Series.
I can't wait until Trump's inauguration when Ashton Kutcher finally pops out and tells us we've been punk'd
Hillary and Trump in a plane, plane crashes. Who survives? America 
Trump had a very calm considerate speech for the election Can we confirm Michelle Obama did not write it?
Donald Trump wins the election... And all I got was this one way ticket.
If Hilary and Trump were stuck on a desert island, who would survive? America.
So trump will build a wall.. Will he also Bill Gates?   I'm sure there won't be any Windows.   
"President Trump, California is revolting!" "Yeah, and they're also threatening to secede."
What is Donald Trump's favorite day? Hump Day...
I finally understand why Trump won the election. The 3/5th clause must still be in effect...
If Trump wins I hope we make America great again... Like in 1963 when we assassinated the president
I don't know how Trump managed to do it.... But he seems to have really grabbed America by the pussy this election year.
How does trump fire a gun? He tells the bullet it's fired.
Trump's campaign promises That's it
Donald Trump is a pioneer in time travel, he's gonna take America back 40 odd years.
I know why Hillary lost... ... because SEE YOU NEXT TUESDAY!
Trump looks like an Oompa Loompa, so he needs a song. *Oompa Loompa doopity doo,*  *If you're an immigrant I'll deport you.*  *Oompa Loompa dippity dee,*  *I'll just grab her by the pussy.*
Hillary or Trump was the most tough choose or die question anyone has ever asked me Or shall I say choose and die?
If Trump was in the music industry; what profession would he be? DJ Trump!  Donald John Trump
Why did Obama take all the pens out of the white house? Cause Trump is bringing his own Pence
Donald trump just announced that the wall will be built even sooner than was thought. Since there are so many people shitting bricks
How much is Hillary Clinton's life insurance? Just one bill.
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders walk into a bar... They fall in love and have a child named Bernie Trump. The End. 
Your a racist if you vote for Trump! Guys, its ok, I'm racist
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Zangief? Donald Trump has a bigger grab.
A Story if Trump Wins The Election Donald Trump won the 2016 Presidential election. The first night was packed full of activities and tours of the White House. Trump finally got to his room and was falling asleep in his new bed and saw the ghost of George Washington appear in front of him during his dream. Donald called out to him, "President Washington, he called, how do I become a great President for the United States?"  George thought for a moment and said to Trump, "President Trump, he said, You must always tell the truth and never lie! Always be honest!" Trump looked at George and said, "Nah, I can't do that."  The next night Donald Trump was falling asleep after another jam packed day and saw the ghost of Thomas Jefferson appear in front of him during his dream. Donald called out to him, "President Jefferson, he called, how do I become a great President for the United States?"  Jefferson thought for a moment and said to Trump, "President Trump, he said, You must always put the people's needs before your own! Never be selfish!" Trump looked at Jefferson and said, "Nah, I can't do that."  The third night as Donald Trump was falling asleep he saw the ghost of Abraham Lincoln appear in front of him during his dream. Donald called out to him, "President Lincoln, he called, how do I become a great President for the United States?"  Lincoln thought for a moment and said to Trump, "Go to the theater."  
The Pope originally wanted to invite Hillary to speak but the Vatican couldn't afford it.
What is the difference between SETI and Donald Trump? One has demonstrated the scarcity of intelligent life in the universe, and the other is a scientific study of extra terrestrials.
Reports say Bernie Sanders found on the mossak fonseca leaked list..... .....he tried to hide thirteen bucks and forty-nine cents. 
Donald Trump.... -A big earthquake with the strength of 8.1 on the Richter scale hits the Middle East.  -Two million Muslims die and over a million are injured.  -Iraq, Iran and Syria are totally ruined and the governments don't know where to start with providing help to rebuild.  -The rest of the world is in shock.  -Britain is sending troops to help keep the peace.  -Saudi Arabia is sending oil &amp; monetary assistance.  -Latin American countries are sending clothing.  -New Zealand and Australia are sending sheep, cattle and food crops.  -The Asian countries are sending labor to assist in rebuilding the infrastructure.  -Canada is sending medical teams and supplies.  -President Trump, not to be outdone, is sending back two million replacement Muslims. 
Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and Ted Cruz are on a plane. The plane crashes. Who survives? America. 
What are Donald Trumps least favorite food? Mexican jumping beans
What's Trump's favorite type of nut? A walnut.
We all know how Bill cheated on Hillary with Monica Lewinsky. Well, did you hear that Hillary cheated on Bill with somebody named Ben Ghazi?
Why is Hillary Clinton running for President? Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement  
Donald and Hillary go into a bakery... Donald and Hillary Go Into A Bakery on the Campaign Trail. As soon as they enter the bakery, Hillary steals three pastries and puts them in her pocket. She says to Donald, "See how clever I am? The owner didn't see anything and I don't even need to lie.” I will definitely win the election. The Donald says to Hillary, "That's the typical dishonesty you have displayed throughout your entire life, trickery and deceit. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result." Donald goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick." Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. Trump swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then Donald asks for a third pastry and eats that, too. The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "What did you do with the pastries?" Trump replies, "Look in Hillary's pocket"...
Whining baby at trump rally I too wish he'd take his tiny hands, stop talking and leave
What's the difference between an orange and Donald Trump Oranges have thick skin
Hillary Clinton Meets Satan Hillary was finishing up a day on the campaign trail when the Devil suddenly appeared in her and made her an offer.  “I am here to make you a deal,” the Devil says. “I will give you unlimited wealth, power, and a media that will pander to your every whim. In return, all I ask for is your soul, the souls of every member of your family, and the souls of all your constituents.”  Hillary ponders for a moment and then asks, “Unlimited wealth and power?”  “Completely unlimited,” the Devil confirms.  “A pandering media?” she asked.  “They’ll fall over themselves to support you, no matter what you do or say,” the Devil assured.  “And you want my soul, my family’s souls, and the souls of my constituents?” she asks.  “Yes. All of them,” says the Devil.  Hillary thinks deeply about it, then finally says, “So…what’s the catch?”
What's Trump's favorite Olympic sport? Fencing! 
What does Trump say after sex? "You're the best daughter ever."   (Credit for inspiration to the "What does Bill say to Hilary after sex" joke)
"Mr. Trump!! Please zip your pants back up!" The woman exclaimed in horror. "You misheard me." She explains. "I said I was good at playing the trombone..."
I really think Hillary Clinton will be the first f president Oops. I meant female but the emale got deleted
If I had a dollar for every time Trump interrupted Hillary... It would be enough to close the wage gap.
What drug can Donald Trump not live without? Xanax, for Hispanic attacks.
Hillary Clinton goes to a gifted-student primary school....... Hillary Clinton goes to a gifted-student primary school in New York to talk about the world. After her talk she offers to answer questions from the kids.  One little boy puts up his hand. Hillary asks him what his name is.  "Kenny," he says.  "And what is your question, Kenny?" she asks.  "I have three questions," he says. "First -- what happened in Benghazi? "Second -- why would you run for president if you are not capable of handling two e-mail accounts? "Third -- what happened to that six billion dollars that went missing while you were Secretary of State?”  Just then the bell rings for recess.  Hillary tells the students that they will continue after recess. When they resume Hillary says,  "Okay, where were we? Oh, that's right, question time. Who has a question?”  A different boy -- little Johnny -- puts his hand up.  Hillary points to him and asks him what his name is.  "Johnny," he says.  "What is your question, Johnny?" she asks.  "I have five questions," he says. "First -- what happened in Benghazi? "Second -- why would you run for president if you are not capable of handling two e-mail accounts? "Third -- whatever happened to that six billion dollars that went missing while you were Secretary of State? "Fourth -- why did the recess bell go off 20 minutes early? "And, fifth -- where's Kenny"?
What do Trump and Hilary have in common? They both like dick.
What is the difference between Bill Clinton and Bill Cosby? One is still dicking bimbos while the other was dicking still bimbos. 
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and Jimmy Carter? Carter will likely still be around for next year's inaguration. 
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? Hispanic attacks. 
I can only think of one thing worse than Trump with his finger on the nuclear trigger. Micheal J Fox with his finger on the nuclear trigger.
What would be Obama's new nickname if he beat you five times in a row playing pickup? "Hawaii Five O"
What Do Bernie Sander Supporters Call Their Parents? Roommates
Trumps plan to build a wall might actually work The Chinese built a wall and they have almost no Mexicans in their country 
Donald Trump and Mike Pence are at a banquet at the white house. Donald Trump and Mike Pence are at a banquet at the white house.  A guest notices they are giggling with each other so he gets curious and goes to speak with them.  "What is so funny over here?" Trump replies: " We're planning WWIII"  "WOW, and what exactly are your plans?"  Trump replies: " We're going to kill 14 million muslims and a dentist"  "Huh, why are you killing a dentist?"  Pence taps Trump on the back: "See, I told you no one would ask about the muslims"
Donald Trump and Mike pence fall off a boat, neither of them can swim, who survives? AMERICA 
I, for one, am proud of Donald Trump for paying those hookers to pee on each other. He finally paid a contractor
How did Trump win at "hide and seek"? By hiding in the orange grove!
When asked how old he is, a friend of mine describes himself as being, "Not old enough to vote republican" Meanwhile, I would describe my friend as being, "An appropriate age to be dodging that question"
What did the prostitute say to Donald Trump? "Urine for a treat!"
As soon as the inauguration is over, I'm getting a position on Trump's ethics committee. I'm not political, I just need some quite time alone.
After hearing Trump's speech this morning, I can say only one thing... He's going to be a nationalist treasure. And believe me, I did Nazi that coming. 
Trump's pussy grabbing days are behind him...     But now he has his finger on a different red button. 
Why did Trump downscale the wall? He wanted a de-fence.
Mexicans are shocked about Trump's wall But they'll get over it
People compare Trump and hitler all the time, but there is one major difference. Hitler was good at making speeches
Mexicans are upset over Trump's wall. A lot of Mexicans are upset over Trump's planned wall. I hope they get over it.
What kind of car does George Bush the younger drive? A BMDubya!
What is the formal designation of a Trump supporter? A Trumpet. Because they're loud and irrelevant. 
Donald Trump comes from the future There will be hell toupee
What's the difference between Trump and cancer? Cancer killed Jobs
Cancer... what are my treatment options Dr. Trump? We are going to begin immediately with a strict regiment of calling your cancer "cellular extremism".
Donald Trump has been making headlines, "Trump Taps Secretaries." by grabbing Generals. He's come a long way from grabbing privates.
Hillary Clinton wouldnt have been the first female president She would have deleted the "e-male" from "female"
Why does Trump keep marrying immigrants? Because no Americans were willing to take the job.
I submitted my DNA for genetic testing and the lab wrote back that I'm related to Donald Trump! I guess that's what I get for using 24 and me . . .
Trumps favourite joke. What do sharks and people have in common?   The only great ones are white. 
Since it's Valentine's day, I told my girlfriend we're going to implement one of Trump's new policies during our romantic evening tonight: EXTREME PETTING
What did Barack Obama write inside his Valentines card? "I'm glad I've got you Michelle; I didn't want to be Obamaself" 
Why doesn't Trump go to the bathroom? He can't take another leak!
What is the difference between Beyonce and Donald Trump? Beyonce has multiple black people inside her cabinet.
Trump supporters claim that Donald is playing 4D chess When really he's just playing Mein craft
Trump Administration blocked CNN, BBC, New York Times, LA Times from media briefing Looks like Little Donald needs a safe space...
Which news outlet won't be banned from the White House? The Wall street journal. 
Why does Trump really hate Foreigners? A bunch of them that look the same took over his job at the chocolate factory. 
How do you make Donald Trump lose weight? Have Vladimir Putin take laxatives.
DIRTY Why does Bill Clinton play saxophone? Because he lost his whoremonica 
Donald Trump was interviewed for his list of favorite things. Q: What's your favorite Disney movie?  A: Snow White  Q: What's your favorite song?  A: White Light, White Heat  Q: What's your favorite Christmas song?  A: White Christmas  Q: What's your favorite rock band?  A: White Snake  Q: What's your favorite movie in general?  A: Black Mass  Q: That's an interesting break from the pattern.  What's it about?  A: A guy named Whitey Bulger.  Q: (forehead slap)
Melania Trump released a statement about the alleged plagiarism. These accusation really hurt me, and my kids. Sasha and Malia.
Between Trump and Clinton, who is more likely to start a nuclear war if elected president? America, with the missiles aimed at ourselves.
Trump and Clinton in a fight to the death, who loses? America.
Hillary Clinton
Hillary and Bill Clinton If you put Hillary and Bills name together you get "hillbilly" 
How does Donald Trump keep a handle on integral equations? He grabs them by the +c.
Who would survive if Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were in an airplane crash? America
If your job is to play a type of trumpet on a large rotating wheel and you finally take a day off... Is it ferris bugler's day off?
A Trump supporter and a squirrel humping an acorn... are both fucking nuts.
What Trump has done Three people are on a plane, a Mexican, black dude, and a white dude. The plane is too heavy so everyone has to throw something off. The Mexican throws off his lawn mower and says there are too much of these in his country. The black dude throws off his sneakers and says there are too much of theses in his country. The white dude throws off the Mexican and says there are too much of these in my country
A man calls up Paul Ryan and asks to be a member of Congress. Paul Ryan: Are you retarded?  Man: You have to be retarded to be in Congress?
Trumps plan for the wall works. Look at China. They built a fucking wall and you don't see any Mexicans there.   Edit: spelling
Trump got angry with computers again... Trump got angry with computers again, and ordered that White House staff are no longer allowed to use email to communicate.  Conway calmed him down and came up with a work-around. White House staff can continue using email, but in order not to anger Trump, they have to call it by a different name:   "Alternative Fax"
I'm not bashing Trump I'm providing "alternate praise!"
Even if they all unite against Trump, those seven countries won't get off the list A seven nation army couldn't hold Trump back.
What is Donald Trump "really" trying to do? Make America Hate Again.
How many Trumps does it take to screw a light bulb? One, he screws everything up.
Democrats so opposed to Scott Pruitt to lead the EPA you'd think he once turned a river orange with millions of gallons of mine wastewater.
What do climate change scientists and Donald Trump have in common? Each is desperately hoping the other is a hoax.
Why does Donald Trump love all colors? He heard all colors add up to white.
KFC has a new Hillary meal Its comes with two big thighs, two small breasts, and one left wing.
Why do Trump supporters always have a point? It's on top of their white hood.
Hillary Clinton dies While walking down the street one day a corrupt Hillary Clinton was tragically hit by a car and died.  Her soul arrives in heaven and is met by St. Peter at the entrance.  "Welcome to heaven," says St. Peter. "Before you settle in, it seems there is a problem. We seldom see a high official around these parts, you see, so we're not sure what to do with you."  "No problem, just let me in," says Hillary Clinton.   "Well, I'd like to, but I have orders from the higher ups. What we'll do is have you spend one day in hell and one in heaven. Then you can choose where to spend eternity."  "Really?, I've made up my mind. I want to be in heaven," says Hillary Clinton.  "I'm sorry, but we have our rules."  And with that, St. Peter escorts her to the elevator and he goes down, down, down to hell.  The doors open and she finds herself in the middle of a green golf course. In the distance is a clubhouse and standing in front of it are all her friends and other politicians who had worked with her.  Everyone is very happy and in evening dress. They run to greet her, shake her hand, and reminisce about the good times they had while getting rich at the expense of the people.  They played a friendly game of golf and then dine on lobster, caviar and the finest champagne.  Also present is the devil, who really is a very friendly guy who is having a good time dancing and telling jokes.  They are all having such a good time that before Hillary Clinton realizes it, it is time to go.  Everyone gives her a hearty farewell and waves while the elevator rises.  The elevator goes up, up, up and the door reopens in heaven where St. Peter is waiting for her, "Now it's time to visit heaven...  So, 24 hours passed with that Hillary Clinton joining a group of contented souls moving from cloud to cloud, playing the harp and singing. They have a good time and, before she realizes it, the 24 hours have gone by and St. Peter returns.  "Well, then, you've spent a day in hell and another in heaven. Now choose your eternity."  Clinton reflects for a minute, then answers: "I'll choose heaven.  The devil is shocked and says,"Why would you choose heaven over hell? I'm sure you enjoyed hell much more than you enjoyed heaven."  Clinton replies,"Well, I see this getting posted on r/Jokes everyday...."
Hillary Clinton speaks to the schoolchildren Teacher: Class please welcome Hillary Clinton today. She will answer your questions.  Hillary: Hello class. Who has the first question?  *Johnny raises hand*  Johnny: My name is Johnny. I have 3 questions.  - Why did you lie about Benghazi? - What was in those emails you deleted? - And does your pattern of corruption mean we can never trust you?  *The recess bell rings and the children return 40 minutes later.*  Hillary: Ok. Where were we? Who has a question?  *Kid raises hand*  George: My name is George and I have 5 questions.   - Why did you lie about Benghazi? - What was in those emails you deleted? - Does your pattern of corruption mean we can never trust you? - Why did the bell ring 10 minutes early? - And... uh... oh yeah. Where's Johnny?
Why are trumpets more expensive than clarinets? Brass tax
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on a plane and it crashes on an island. Who survives? America.
Donald Trump is removing all shredded cheese from grocery stores. He's gonna make America grate again.
The devil wanted to buy Hillary Clinton's soul... So he came down to ask her what it'd take. After 2 minutes of talk, the devil left, soulless. Apparently if he wants her soul, he's going to have to get it from the Saudi's.
What is Donald Trump's Favorite Disney Character? "Mowgli. Now there's a man-child who can take on a Khan and win (makes 'you're fired' motion).
It's actually pretty tough to write a Reddit joke that insults Trump supporters. Because they probably can't read it.
What does Donald Trump say after sex? I never saw that woman in my life. 
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on a sinking ship in the middle of the ocean. Who survives? AMERICA!
Doctors have determined Hillary doesn't have pneumonia Apparently a little girl from Kansas just threw some water on her.
I bet Donald Trump wakes up every morning thinking, "What the hell have I gotten myself into?" But it's ok, he can always get remarried.
If Trump gets elected... ...it will be the first time in History that a billionaire moves into public housing vacated by a black family.
The Presidential Election for 2016 is like a blunt pencil. Pointless.
Listening to Donald Trump speak is like hearing a dead baby joke. At first you don't want to hear it, but when you do, you can't help but laugh.
The last time someone as racist as Trump became president, we had the Trail of Tears. I'm voting for Hillary because I don't want the trail of tacos.
Hillary walks into a bar... [Removed]
What is the only reason Donald Trump is watching the Olympics? So he can determine how high Mexican pole vaulters can jump.
Poles put Clinton 7 points ahead of Trump But Polish citizens don't get to vote    Edit: Minor text change
What do Bill Clinton and Dick Cheney have in common? Both shot someone in the face while in office.
There is a fatal flaw in Trump's plan If the Wall gets built, they'll have to keep a lookout for the Kool-Aid man.
Kim Jong Un, Donald Trump, Chapo Guzman and Nicolás Maduro are in a plane when it crashes. Who survived? The world
Why won't Donald Trump release his real birth certificate? Because he doesn't want anyone to know his birthname was Shirley Adolf Drumpf. SAD!
[OC] What is Hillary Clinton's favorite video game? Super-Pac man.
Hillary, Obama, and Trump are on a plane that crashes. Who survives? America.
Q&amp;A Time w/Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton goes to a gifted-student primary school in New York to talk about the world. After her talk she offers to answer questions from the kids.  One little boy puts up his hand. Hillary asks him what his name is.  "Kenny," he says.  "And what is your question, Kenny?" she asks.   "I have three questions," he says. "First -- what happened in Benghazi? "Second -- why would you run for president if you are not capable of handling two e-mail accounts? "Third -- what happened to that six billion dollars that went missing while you were Secretary of State?”  Just then the bell rings for recess.  Hillary tells the students that they will continue after recess.  When they resume Hillary says,  "Okay, where were we? Oh, that's right, question time. Who has a question?”  A different boy -- little Johnny -- puts his hand up.  Hillary points to him and asks him what his name is.  "Johnny," he says.  "What is your question, Johnny?" she asks.  "I have five questions," he says. "First -- what happened in Benghazi? "Second -- why would you run for president if you are not capable of handling two e-mail accounts? "Third -- whatever happened to that six billion dollars that went missing while you were Secretary of State? "Fourth -- why did the recess bell go off 20 minutes early? "And, fifth -- where's Kenny?”
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Are Sitting In a Bar… Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says, “The media is really tearing you apart for that scandal.”  Hillary: “You mean my lying about Benghazi?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean the massive voter fraud?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean the military not getting their votes counted?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Using my secret private server with classified material to hide my activities?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything else?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, hiring cronies, and taking bribes from foreign countries? Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean the drones being operated in our own country without the benefit of the law?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it declared bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity deals?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “The IRS targeting conservatives?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “Turning Libya into chaos?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “Turning our backs on Israel?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “The joke Iran Nuke deal?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “Leaving Iraq in chaos?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “The DOJ spying on the press?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance executives?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 months later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “The NSA monitoring citizens’?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “The State Department interfering with an Inspector General investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Threats to all of Bill’s former mistresses to keep them quiet” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “I give up! … Oh wait, I think I’ve got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware and china when Bill left Office?” Trump: “THAT’S IT! I almost forgot about that one.”
Now that Trump is elected, our hindsight is just like the year we are looking forward to. 2020.
What did Obama say to Trump at the White House? Change
Did you hear Donald Trump's plan for combatting global warming? Nuclear winter
How many Trump protestors does it take to change a lightbulb? Doesn't matter. Trump protestors won't change anything. 
I bet when Hillary...  strapped on her prosthetic penis and pantsuit that morning she didn't think that was going to happen. That race was tighter than Monica Lewinsky before her internship.
Why did Obama take all the pens when he left the White House? Because trumps bringing his own pence.
Why should Donald Trump change his name to Donald Duck? Because he's a quack.
When Donald Trump won presidency, what did his wife yell during intercourse later that night? "Oh Donald my dear! Insert your 'election erection'!"
Trump exposed that there's still a lot of hatred on the Orange Americans.
An advisor runs up to Trump and says "Sir, the people are revolting!",... So Donald looks down from his 58th story office window at the protest on his doorstep. With his arms crossed in disgust he says:  "They sure are!"
For the first time ever I find Hillary relatable. I'm not president either.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a bag of shit? The bag.
Woohoo! Donald Trump won the presidential election! As a Clinton voter I'm not happy that he won, just happy that I'm not Mexican 
I emailed Hillary that to secure a win, she had to pick Bernie as VP. I guess she deleted it.
I think I could get behind Trump... 's wife.
Hillary Clinton is a real "tough lady"... She was cucked by Monica
If Trump divorces Melania while in office... Will she rule half the country?
Donald Trump says he’s okay with same sex marriage  But Melania thinks a little variation wouldn’t hurt
Donald Trump Is screwing around.. When he gets a petition with 300 signatures. It goes along the lines of: We need to ban Dihydrogen Monoxide! It's a Mexican chemical being sent to attack you!  Soon Trump ignores his advisors and somehow congress passes a law banning the **'Dangerous'** Chemical. Everyone in the US starts dying. Trump soon asks why is everyone dying? No one answers. Soon he dies.   Hopefully this really doesn't happen!
Idk what all these liberals are complaining about, Trumps is giving everyone an opportunity that Hillary cant. An opportunity to say I told you so.   ackgagaga.
Hillary refused to give a concession speech after defeat Probably because it was sent by e-mail and she deleted it out of habit.
What do Hillary and Monica have in common? They both blew it.
Remember when President-Elect Trump said immigrants were going to take our jobs? It's all true! Just ask Michelle Obama!
Did you know that Trump is actually part of a secret organization bent on taking over the world? They're called the Illiterati.
What is Donald Trump's favorite nation? Discrimination
Why does Hillary keep bumping into people at the White House? So she can be pardoned. 
BREAKING: Barack Obama just elected President of the US - Sent from Internet Explorer
What does Donald Trump and a 12 year old have in common? They know a lot about hacking.
What should we call Trump's newest scandal? Golden Gate.
Former intelligence agent: "I have potentially explosive information on Trump's relationship with Russia." Buzzfeed journalist: "Ok please go on."  Former intelligence agent: "I have information that a number of years ago, Donald Trump visits Russia."  Buzzfeed journalist: "Oh really? So then, what happens next?"  Former intelligence agent: "What happens next will shock you."
It wasn't raining during Trump's inauguration It was just alternative sunshine
Trump is not wrong He is just alt-right!
What's Donald Trump's favourite video game? President evil 
Instead of a wall on the Mexican border, Trump could build a dome over the continental U.S. They'll call it: The Freedome. 
A Trump supporter decides to protest with his gun outside of a mosque. What should the police do? Nothing.  He'll eventually shoot himself in the foot.
What's the difference between people who voted for Trump, and those that didn't? On average, about $30,000 in student debt. 
What did Donald Trump say to his wife Melania in the voting booth? Don't copy Michelle on this one.
What is the only reason Donald Trump watched the Olympics? To see how high Mexican pole vaulters can jump
To all the Republicans who might be mad if Trump loses... remember.... Hiter wasn't elected either!  jk  Trump2016!
The one thing I agree with Trump on... is that the election was rigged.
During his first 100 days, President Trump sends Congress his long expected replacement for the Affordable Care Act. In the days before, the president has been on the stump talking about the huge improvement to Obamacare.  The legislators are overjoyed by this replacement and the news starts to spread that they are going to soon vote on a much improved health care bill.  A reporter hears the news and looks to get the scoop on the alternative bill. When he finally gets a copy of the bill he is surprised to see the landmark legislation contains only one page stating:  One correction, line 1.  ~~Title:  Obamacare~~ Title:  Trumpcare
Trump is the only candidate qualified to win this election He is the only one with experience evicting black families from their homes. 
Trump winning the election is worse than 9/11 ...not even kidding
Donald Trump was invited to a Red-Tie-Only dinner Excited as red was his favourite tie colour, he got ready and made his way to the dinner.  Upon arrival, he was astounded to see that people were also wearing shirts and pants.
The choice between Clinton and Trump is like being asked if you would like to be hit with a brick or a baseball bat. Either way you are going to wake up a few years later and go "WTF just happened?"
I feel like this election ended up being a good thing for Hilary Clinton. At least now she knows what it feels like to get fucked by the president.
Cheer up Hillary Clinton. Nelson Mandela wasn't elected president, until after serving 27 years in prison.
I don't want Hillary to become the first f president. Whoops, meant to say female but the "emale" got deleted!
So the Nation of France asks "why that Trump guy?" We needed golden retriever hair on an orange to forfill the simpsons episode prediction or were stuck with just some Hill dog.
Trump wants to build a wall between Canada and the U.S. also Please... please do it... us Canadians will even gladly pay for it
BREAKING NEWS: HILLARY WON THE ELECTION Oh wait
Why did Hillary Clinton had her campaign chairman John Podesta send the crowd home from the Clinton HQ? She 'accidently' deleted the email with her consession speech.
Trump calls for unity... LMFAO I'd rather not...why don't we build a wall down the middle of The Divided States of America...and bill Trump.
You be America and I'll be Donald Trump so I can really screw you. 
Donald Trump is president Please let this be a joke.  Please let this be a joke...  PLEASE... let this be a joke...   EDIT: Seems like Trump is using reddit now. 
What is Trump's favourite movie? Wall-E.
What did Melania Trump have on her Black Friday shopping list? A copy of everything Michelle Obama had on her list
I'm glad Trump who won over Hillary. I just don't think I'm ready for them to move the Oval office into the White house kitchen.
Trump just announced Chris Christie will be part of his Cabinet... ...Secretary of Transportation due to his experience with bridges.
Bush, Obama and Trump go to a job interview with God... God asks Bush: "What do you believe in?"     Bush answers: "I believe in the free market, and the strong American nation!"     "Very well", says God. "Come sit to my right."   Next, God asks Obama: "What do you believe in?"     Obama answers: "I believe in the power of democracy, and equal rights for all."     "Good", says God. "You shall sit to my left."   Finally, God asks Trump: "What do you believe in?"   Trump answers: "I believe you're sitting in my chair."
Why did Obama serve two terms? Because blacks always get a longer sentence 
The illegals protesting with Mexican flags, shouting "Trump is not my President" are telling the truth. Their president is Enrique Peña Nieto.
Donald Trump on Twitter: "The Theater has always been a safe place" Abraham Lincoln: "Dude" 
Riffing off u/Mc237269's joke: What do Donald Trump &amp; the Galaxy Note 7 have in common? Push any button then watch the explosion.
Trump refuses to be politically correct. Just in case, he refuses to be correct.
Many people think that Hillary Clinton Sucks... But Monica Lewinsky Swallows
Obama played the race card, Hillary played the gender card But America played the Trump Card
How is Donald Trump going to stop illegal immigration? Scaring them away with the name "President Trump"
If Donald Trump were a magician... we'd call him a slight of hand artist.
What do Trump and a Walnet have in common? They both love walls
I got hit by Donald Trump's car yesterday. Trump’s limo ran a light yesterday and hit my car, but Trump said not to bother with insurance because they won't cover it.  He said they'll call it "an act of God"
Donald Trumps Presidential Campaign I'd say thats a good enough joke...
What's the difference between a libertarian and a ham sandwich? Go fuck yourself, it's none of your business.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a car crash. Who survived? America.
At a rally today Donald Trump ordered the secret service to remove a crying baby. They had him halfway to the curb before realizing the error. 
Why can't Donald Trump drive through Mexico? Jesus took the wheel
It appears that r/jokes only focuses on the current president, so George Bush jokes are too late. But 9/11 jokes are too soon.
Donald Trump and Mike Pence are flying Air Force One Donald looked at Pence, laughed and said, "You know, I could throw the Tax Reform Bill out the window and make the Republicans angry." Pence shrugged his shoulders and replied, "I could throw a gay man out the window and make an entire community angry." Hearing their conversation, a brand new flight attendant butted in, "I could throw a doctor out the window and make the entire nation angry."   Hearing their conversation, the pilot smirked, turned to the co-pilot and said, “Such big-shots back there. Hell, I could dump them all out of the window and make millions of people very, very happy.”
John McCain and Donald Trump should run together as President/Vice President Then we would finally get a political McDonalds. 
How did Jeb Bush end his speech at Bronycon? *Please Clop*
The reason why Clinton is a super secret agent of the alt right is because... She has a frog in her throat.
Soon the police will be targeting Trump supporters. Orange is the new Black
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 12 million illegal immigrants? Juan by Juan.  
Doctor's have ruled out one type of pneumonia as the cause of Hillary's health problems. Walking pneumonia
What is Hillary's favorite pizza? Little seizures.
Why did Bill Clinton sign the NAFTA agreement? [NSFW] He loves a giant sucking sound.
The reason Hilary Clinton charges so much for her speaches Like Obama, Hilary Clinton needs a bulletproof glass wall around her to protect her from assassination. However, there is also the added expense of the glass ceiling. 
Did you hear about Hillary collapsing? She fell harder than the world Trade Center
What is the only reason Bill Clinton is excited about possibly going back into the White House? He gets more interns.
Hillary and Trump crash in a plane, who survives? The United States
Trumpet solos [NSFW] A trumpeter is hired to play two solos in a movie. After the sessions, he is paid handsomely and promised by the director that he will be notified when the movie is released to the public.     Three months later, he receives a notice that the movie will make its debut at a porno house. The musician enters the theatre wearing a dark raincoat and shades. Unaccustomed to porno flicks, he sits in the last row next to an elderly couple.     The film has explicit sex scenes: oral intercourse, anal intercourse, golden showers, sado-masochism and near the end, a dog has intercourse with the film's leading lady.     The musician is immensely embarrassed and turns to the elderly couple and whispers, "I swear, I wrote the score and I just came to hear the music."    To which the elderly woman replies, "We believe you--we just came to see our dog!"
Two of Trump's wives have been immigrants. Which just goes to show you that those people will take jobs that no American wants.
What is Trump's favorite disney movie? Wall-E
What's a Trump supporter's favorite topic? Hillary Clinton.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a bar... Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a bar. Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says,   "The media are really tearing you apart for  That Scandal."  Hillary: "You mean my lying about Benghazi?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the massive voter fraud?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the military not getting their votes counted?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using my secret private server with classified material to Hide my Activities?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything Else?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, hiring cronies, and taking bribes from foreign countries?  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the drones being operated in our own country without The Benefit of the law?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it Declared Bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The IRS targeting conservatives?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Turning Libya into chaos?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Turning our backs on Israel?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The joke Iran Nuke deal? "  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Leaving Iraq in chaos? "  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The DOJ spying on the press?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 Months Later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring citizens' ?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: “You means taking the $145,000,000.00 from Putin for the Uranium Bribe ? “  Trump : “ No the other one .”  Hillary: "I give up! ... Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware and China when Bill left Office?"  Trump: "THAT'S IT! I almost forgot about that one".  EDIT: line spacing
Trump asks what a tragedy is... During one of his campaign trips, Donald Trump visits an elementary school and enters one of the classrooms. They are in the middle of a discussion related to words and their meanings.  The teacher asks Mr. Trump if he would like to lead the discussion of the word “Tragedy.” So he asks the class for an example of a tragedy.  One little boy stands up and offers: “If my best friend who lives on a farm, is playing in the field and a runaway tractor comes along and knocks him dead, that would be a tragedy.”  “No,” says Mr. Trump, “that would be an accident.”  A little girl raises her hand: “If a school bus carrying 50 children drove over a cliff, killing everyone inside, that would be a tragedy.”  “I’m afraid not,” explains the exalted businessman. “That’s what we would call a great loss.”  The room goes silent. No other children volunteer. Mr. Trump searches the room.  “Isn’t there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy?”  Finally at the back of the room, a boy raises his hand. In a quiet voice he says: “If a private jet carrying you was struck by a missile and blown to smithereens, that would be a tragedy.”  “Fantastic!” exclaims Mr. Trump, “That’s absolutely right. And can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?”  “Well,” says the boy, “because it wouldn’t be a great loss and it probably wouldn’t be an accident either.”
If Obama is a Muslim extremist, then how come he's a gay prostitute?
Republican Jokes Q: Why should Creationism be taught in schools?   A: Because it leaves less time to teach Global warming and tobacco's link to cancer   Q: What kind of celebration pays down the national debt?   A: A tea party.   Q: When is it okay for Republicans to engage in group sex and drug use?   A: After they decide to run for Governor of California   Q: What's the difference between God and a Conservative?   A: God knows He's not a Republican.   Q: If Ted Haggard isn't a George Bush Republican, what kind of republican is he?   A: A George Michael Republican!   Q: Why weren't the Republicans behind the verdict in the Saddam Hussein Trial a couple of days before the 2006 Midterm Elections?   A: Because they were so busy fixing the price on oil!   Q: Why is trade with comunnist Cuba bad?   A: Because it lowers our trade potential with China and Vietnam   Q: What do you call a Republican who wants insurance to cover Viagra but not birth control?   A: Motherfucker Q: What do Republicans and porn stars have in common?   A: They are experts in switching positions in front of a camera.   Q: How do you fight the war on terror?   A: By belittling our long-time allies, then demanding their cooperation and money   Q: Why is it bad when the Republicans control the House, the Senate, Supreme Court, the White House?   A: Because they only have themselves to blame   Q: What does Anna Nicole Smith call Strom Thurmond?   A: The Bachelor   Q: What do the Republican primaries and the Duggars have in common?   A: They both have 19 kids and counting.   Q: What do you call an idiot who spends their days mortified by aliens, Arabs and anthrax?   A: "A Fox News Viewer"   Q: What do you get when you offer a member of the Tea Party a penny for his thoughts?   A: Change.   Q: How do you confuse a Conservative?   A: You don't. They're born that way.   Q: What is the difference between a Republican ass-kisser and a brown-noser?   A: Depth perception.   Q: How many Democrats does it take to clean up a disastrous Bush presidency?   A: At least two!   Q: Why won't Barack Obama be celebrating his 51st birthday?   A: Republicans won't let Democrats raise taxes on the rich let alone Barack Obama's age!   Q: What's the Republican's secret Weapon for the 2006 Mid-term Elections?   A: John Kerry! ...(he insulted the troops) '   Q: What the difference between a Conservative and the rear end of a horse?   A: I don't know either.   Q: Why did Elizabeth Dole consider running for the Senate?   A: To get away from Bob and his little blue pills!   Q: What did Bob Dole say after appearing in a Pepsi commercial with Britney Spears?   A: If this won't cure erectile dysfunction....nothing will   Q: Why are gay Saudis a big dilemma for Republicans?   A: Because their gays with oil   Q: What do you call a basement full of Conservatives?   A: A whine cellar.   Q: What's worse than Bill Clinton calling you a womanizer?   A: Marc Foley calling you a pervert!   Q: Is lying to enlist support for a war in which thousands die an impeachable offense?   A: Nooooo!!!!.....But lying about an extramarital affair is!   Q: When was Saddamm a good guy?   A1: When Reagan armed him!   A2. After George Sr went to war with him   A3. While Cheney was doing business with him   A4: When Dubya needed a "We can't find Bin Laden" diversion   Q: What does "Standing Tall for America" mean?   A: Firing your workers and moving their jobs to India.   Q: There is a Red House on the right and blue house on the left where is the White House?   A: in Washington DC   Q: How does a Democrat get killed in Texas?   A: When driving around in a car with a bumper sticker saying "I voted for Kerry, I'm gay, and I'm here to take your guns."   If pro is the oppisite of con then is progress the opposite of congress?   Donald Trump made America Hate Again.   Cruz cheaTED.   Rubio lost his Marcomentum.   and John Ka-snitched on them all.   Why was the delegation from the Dallas Dyslexic Republican Association turned away from the Republican National Convention?   Their placard read: 'We love Taxes'.   **Funeral**   A Republican died and a friend went around collecting for a fund for his funeral. A woman was asked to donate ten dollars.   "Ten dollars?" she said. "It only takes ten dollars to bury a Republican?   Here's a hundred - go bury 10 of them!"   **Genie**   A Conservative found a magic genie's lamp and rubbed it. The genie said, "I will grant you one wish." He said, "I wish I were smarter".   So the genie made him a Liberal. 
Bernie Sanders, Donald Trump, and Hillary Clinton all walk into a bar... .... ((( (Redditors, I invite you to write the rest of the joke in the comments, and upvote the best one) )))
Why does Donald Trump keep putting on weight? He is always high on himself.  ^^^^munchies
God calls up Obama, Putin, and Bill Gates One day God calls Barack Obama, Vladimir Putin, and Bill Gates up to heaven to tell them that the world is going to end tomorrow and to go tell their people that.   Obama goes back to the White House and holds a press conference. There he says,   "I have good news and bad news. The good news is there really is a god. The bad news is that the world is going to end tomorrow."   Putin goes back to to Moscow and holds a press conference. There he says,  "I have bad news and even worse news. The bad news is there really is a god. The worse news is that the world is going to end tomorrow."   Bill Gates goes home and holds a press conference and announces,  "I have good news and even better news! The good news is god knows how special I am. The even better news is that we don't have to fix all the computers for 2016!"
Moderator: "Mr Trump, what is your position on the nuclear arsenal?" Trump: "Well I don't know about nuclear, but I am in favor of the arse and all."
I saw a Trump supporter getting jumped by 6 guys yesterday, I knew I had to do something. So I jumped in. He had no chance against 7 of us.
The first thing that comes to mind when someone mentions Melania Trump? Absolute Filf!
For those of you who voted for Trump... You did the Reich thing.
Donald Trump Is proof that Willie Wonka had sex with the Oompa Loompas.
Donald Trump's EPA pick has a new slogan for the agency. Earth First! We'll mine the other planets later.
After winning the election, Donald Trump has already started with his racist agenda... He's already kicking a black family out of their own home.
Just want to remind all you Trump supporters to get out and vote early on Wednesday.
Forget Washington, Lincoln, JFK. Trump Is Simply Going To Be The Best President To Have Come in A Melania.
"You told me I'd win the election" asked Clinton to the devil "You told me you had a soul" the devil replied
I would be a better president than Donald Trump This is probably the wrong place to post this because that's not a fucking joke.
Michelle Obama and Melania Trump meeting.... *Shaking hands* Michelle: Hi, I'm Michelle. Melania: Hi, I'm Michelle.
Trump sits down to a meeting one morning and the Secretary of State is looking grim... "It's been a long night Mr. President. At 2000 hours, a plane was lost over the atlantic with two hundred people on board" "That's fine," Trump replies, "We have a ton more planes. What else?" "Well," The Secretary continues, "There was a nightclub shooting at 2200 hours, at least fifty people died and maybe a thousand were injured in the ensuing riot" Trump thinks for a second, before saying, "Blame ISIS, next!" "I hate to have more bad news Mr. President, but a hurricane hit Miami and the city is all but destroyed. We estimate that over a million people will be made homeless." "Listen," Trump begins, "I know all about rebuilding houses. People ask me, they say can you do it and I say yes I can, where's your house I'll rebuild it, and in China, you know, they have a tremendous problem with damaged houses and I make deals with them all the time." The Secretary looks relieved, and is about to leave when he remembers: "There was one more thing, Mr. President- twelve Brazilian illegal immigrants tried to cross into the US, what do you want us to do with them?" Trump leaps to his feet, slams his fist on the table and bellows "TWELVE BRAZILIAN!? I'M GONNA NEED A BIGGER WALL!"
Neither President Obama nor President-elect Trump can do anything... because one is a lame duck and the other one is just a pig.  Edit: changed sitting duck to lame duck
We Asked Donald Trump How He Felt About His Victory He answered: "I feel like a small loan of a million bucks" 
As a result of Donald Trump winning the election... ...a lot of us are seeing red.
Hillary Clinton is the Windows 10 of the election She's terrible at keeping your information safe, keeps promising new upgrades but really has been the same OS since 98,  and is constantly trying to install herself when you're happy with the system you've been using for the last 8 years.
Trump or Clinton will run this country misspell *ruin
What did Donald Trump say when he got a virus? We need to build a firewall!
Why is Donald Trump like a 6 year old at recess? Neither have class.
What do Bernie Sanders supporters call their parents? roommates
A crossfitter, a vegan, and a trump supporter walk into a bar I only know because they told everyone who was there.
If I had a dollar for every racist thing Donald Trump has said... He'd be cutting my taxes.
Trump's political inconsistencies explained to ordinary people. The President talks about immigration and trade like international relations is a zero-sum game.  When it comes to Russia, all of sudden, he is about love and mutual interests.  To a student of international relations, it's like watching the President in a Kobayashi Maru test but all of sudden started using the Force.
Why is Donald Trump not a fan of League of Legends? Because there's too much Faker news.
Why did Obama have to say his speeches behind bullet proof glass? I mean, I know he's black and all, but I'm pretty sure he won't shoot anyone 
How do Trump supporters propose? I will grab you by the pussy. 
Bernie supporters voting for Trump isn't like drinking bleach, its like drinking castor oil... we know its going to be awful, but we have something we *really* need to get rid of. 
A Texan, Donald Trump, and a New Mexican are walking along when they stumble upon a gold lamp... They all immediately grab for it, and each get a hand on it.   As they each struggle to take it from the other two, a genie pops out. The genie says, "You have woken me from my slumber, and I shall give you three wishes. Since you each have a hand on the lamp, you will get one wish a piece."  The Donald Trump goes first. He says, "I want all the Mexicans permanently out of the United States and back in Mexico."  "So it shall be," replies the genie, and suddenly every single Mexican is gone from the US and back in Mexico.   The Texan then shouts, "I'm next. You're telling me that all the Mexicans are gone from the US?" "Yes," replies the genie. The Texan replies, "OK,I want a 500 foot tall wall around the entire state of Texas so nothing can get in or out."  "So it shall be," replies the genie. Suddenly, a wall begins rising from the ground around the borders of Texas, and the Texan yells out with happiness.   Lastly, it was the New Mexican's turn. He thinks for a moment, and then asks the genie, "you're saying there is now a 500 foot wall all around Texas and nothing can get in or out?" "Yes," replies the genie, "what is your wish?"  The New Mexican then says to the genie with a huge smile, "fill it with water."   .  .  I was in the "Texit" thread when I remembered this joke. I updated the characters to fit 2016. :)  Edit to fix typo
How many Trump Supporters does it take to screw in a light-bulb? None, they'll get Mexico to do it
What instrument did Bill Clinton play? That whore Monica.
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? To prevent Hispanic attacks
any love for Trump reversal jokes? In Obama's America, you serve the president, in Trump's America the president serves you. 
The biggest problem with Hillary Clinton is leadership... Isn't an STD.
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and an AR 15? One is responsible for the deaths of Americans, the other is an inanimate object.
If you think Hillary is going to drop out of the presidential race, you should know Hillary doesn't go down... That's why Bill had Monica.
If I had one dollar for every time Trump mentioned China... I'd quit my job, because I earned $40 from just "two minutes."
What does Bill say to Hillary after sex? I'll be home in 20 minutes.
what has Trump and Brexit got in common no plan
What did Hillary Clinton's running mate say when reporters asked him his name? "There are some who call me...Tim"
What do Trump and lip stick have in common? Both make Hillary Clinton more attractive. 
Bill Clinton fucked Monica Lewinsky as president. Do you know who Hillary will fuck if she becomes president? The american people.
I ain't votin' for Trump He wants to build a wall and walls are what killed Dale Earnhardt
Ted Cruz endorsing Donald Trump? Is this is for the Democratic Party? .......Find out next time on Dragon Ball Z That was the joke guys.
George Bush met The Queen He turns round and says: ‘As I'm the President, I'm thinking of changing how the country is referred to, and I'm thinking that it should be a Kingdom’ to which the Queen replies, ‘I'm sorry Mr Bush, but to be a Kingdom, you have to have a King in charge - and you're not a King.’  George Bush thought a while and then said: ‘How about a Principality then?’, to which the Queen replied ‘Again, to be a Principality you have to be a Prince - and you're not a Prince, Mr Bush.’ Bush thought long and hard and came up with ‘How about an Empire then?’ The Queen, getting a little fed up by now, replied ‘Sorry again, Mr Bush, but to be an Empire you must have an Emperor in charge - and you are not an Emperor.’ Before George Bush could utter another word, The Queen said: ‘I think you're doing quite nicely as a Country.
What's the difference between Hillary and Eva Braun? One achieved fame and significance solely because she was married to a charismatic politician. The other was Hilter's wife.
Donald Trump calls Obama... TRUMP: I'm so furious about all of the negativity I'm getting from Hollywood lately.   OBAMA: Yes I read about that.   TRUMP: I'm gonna do something about it.   OBAMA: What are you gonna do?   TRUMP: What's it's called when you make a list of subversive people to make sure no one hires them?   OBAMA: A blacklist?   TRUMP: No I ready have that, I mean for white people?   (Taken from CONAN - Golden Globes)
Did you see Buzzfeed's article about Donald Trump?! There were at least 10 crazy ways he will ruin the Country! Number 3 will have you pissing the bed!
Which of the following does not belong: a) Gordon Lightfoot b) Helen Reddy c) Donald Trump d) Celine Dion b) Helen Reddy is not associated with a sinking ship.
How do we know Donald Trump still likes to grope women? He kisses babies while there breastfeeding.
Republican Health Plan Since Republicans are dismantling Obamacare, they wanted to coin a name for their new health plan. They came up with Nobodycare.
Trump has a private conversation with a republican lawmaker.. Trump: Hey, would you like to become a Russian spy ? We pay really well.   R: What are you talking about ?! Of course not  Trump: Oh, then, do you have anything against headache on you ?  See, Trump is smart enough to know that people mostly remember the last sentence of a conversation.
Whats Hillary Clinton's Favorite Kind of Pizza? Little Seizures
What position would Obama be if he played football? The half-black 
One sunny day in January, 2017, an old man approaches the White House from across Pennsylvania Avenue... One sunny day in January, 2017, an old man approaches the White House from across Pennsylvania Avenue where he’d been sitting on a park bench. He speaks to the U.S. Marine standing guard and says,  “I would like to go in and meet with President Obama.” ...   The Marine looks at the man and says,  “Sir, Mr. Obama is no longer president and no longer resides here.”  The old man says,  “Okay,” and walks away.  The following day the same man approaches the White House and says to the same Marine,  “I would like to go in and meet with President Obama.”  The Marine again tells the man,  “Sir, as I said yesterday, Mr. Obama is no longer president and no longer resides here.”  The man thanks him and again walks away.  On the third day, the same man approaches the White House and speaks to the very same U.S. Marine, saying,  “I would like to go in and meet with President Obama.”  The Marine, understandably agitated at this point, looks at the man and says,  “Sir, this is the third day in a row you have been here asking to speak to Mr. Obama. I’ve told you already that Mr. Obama is no longer the president and no longer resides here. Don’t you understand?”  The old man looks at the Marine and says,  “Oh, I understand. I just love hearing it.”  The Marine snaps to attention, salutes, and says,  “See you tomorrow, Sir!”
Two men, an American and a Russian were argueing. One said, in my country I can go to the white house walk to the president's office and pound the desk and say "Mr president! I don't like how you're running things in this country!" The Russian said "I can do that too!" "really?" "Yes! I can go to the Kremlin, walk into the general secretary's office and pound the desk and say, mr. secretary, I don't like how Reagan is running his country!"
What's Donald Trumps favorite song? ICE ICE baby
Donald Trump said, "I declare April as Sexual Assault Awareness month." His aide said, "So what do think are some good ways to prevent it?"  Trump replied, "Prevent it?"
Trump is President of the United States and Britain left the EU. APRIL FOOLS'!  Ah...wait...
Why don't people like the Congressional whip? He always votes nay-nay
President Trump appoints Philip Morris as Surgeon General Not really, but if you clicked here from the front page and didn't realize what sub it was I bet you believed it for a moment.
How many Trump supporters does it take to screw a lightbulb? None. They'd rather be in the dark about things.
Why did Monica vote for Trump? The last Clinton left a bad taste in her mouth
Everyone is worried Trump will pull us out of The Paris Accord... But Trump doesn't know how to pull out, that is why he has 10 kids.
What’s wrong with 5 Clinton supporters driving a Cadillac off of a cliff? The car holds 6. (It also works for Trump supporters- try it!)
Monica Lewinsky gets a call from the White House... Monica heard her phone ring, the caller ID says White House. Monica picks up - "Hello, Bill??!??!?" Other End - "Sorry, no this is Donald Trump, are you busy?"
You know why Trump won even though Clinton has the most popular votes? Because for every email Clinton has deleted, a popular vote would be deducted from her total. 
Why does trump wear a bra after he wins? Because he triumph-Ed!   
Atleast Hillary's campaign made Indians feel better HOW DO YOU BLOW A 3-1 LEAD?
What is Donald Trump's favorite nation? Discrimination.
The lower-middle-class-white-Polish-American demographic was expected to vote for Hillary.  She believed the Poles.
With Trump as president, women may have to wait for equal rights... but look on the upside women, you won't have to enter the next US draft for WW3.
Good News!!! Mike Pence has convinced President-Elect Trump to support Federally Funded Healthcare... It only applies to gay conversion therapy for now, but it's a step in the right direction!
Why Trump will not take the regular President's salary of $400,000? The man will do anything to avoid saying long and hard to spell words. Four hundred thousand, that's a mouthful.
Trump just won. Shows how fucked up hillary is if we went to him as out president elect.
Donald Trump Was Right About Two Things 1. That every poll which showed him inevitably losing were incorrect  and  2. That the results were rigged
Did you hear about Donald Trump opening up his own line of cheese shops? He's going to make America grate again.
I'm thankful for Donald Trump Even on bad days, I have something to laugh at. 
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump get into a car accident. Who survives? America
Why does Trump support Asians? Cuz they know how to make a great wall
Donald Trump is the only person in the world who achieved this and made a history.  He won an argument against a woman
It was announced today that Donald Trump is already being impeached.. Contrary to popular belief, it is indeed illegal to grab women by the pussy. 
Trump on Day 1 Trump's first day at the Oval Office, after being elected President ����  First briefing by the CIA, Pentagon, FBI:  Trump: We must destroy ISIS immediately. No delays.  CIA: We cannot do that, sir. We created them along with Turkey, Saudi, Qatar and others.  Trump: The Democrats created them.  CIA: We created ISIS, sir. You need them or else you would lose funding from the natural gas lobby.  Trump: Stop funding Pakistan. Let India deal with them.  CIA: We can't do that.  Trump: Why is that?  CIA: India will cut Balochistan out of Pak.  Trump: I don't care.  CIA: India will have peace in Kashmir. They will stop buying our weapons. They will become a superpower. We have to fund Pakistan to keep India busy in Kashmir.  Trump: But you have to destroy the Taliban.  CIA: Sir, we can't do that. We created the Taliban to keep Russia in check during the 80s. Now they are keeping Pakistan busy and away from their nukes.  Trump: We have to destroy terror sponsoring regimes in the Middle East. Let us start with the Saudis.  Pentagon: Sir, we can't do that. We created those regimes because we wanted their oil. We can't have democracy there, otherwise their people will get that oil - and we cannot let their people own it.  Trump: Then, let us invade Iran.  Pentagon: We cannot do that either, sir.  Trump: Why not?  CIA: We are talking to them, sir.  Trump: What? Why?  CIA: We want our Stealth Drones back. If we attack them, Russia will obliterate us as they did to our buddy ISIS in Syria. Besides we need Iran to keep Israel in check.  Trump: Then let us invade Iraq again.  CIA: Sir, our friends (ISIS) are already occupying 1/3rd of Iraq.  Trump: Why not the whole of Iraq?  CIA: We need the Shi'ite govt of Iraq to keep ISIS in check.  Trump: I am banning Muslims from entering US.  FBI: We can't do that.  Trump: Why not?  FBI: Then our own population will become fearless.  Trump: I am deporting all illegal immigrants to south of the border.  Border patrol: You can't do that, sir.  Trump: Why not?  Border patrol: If they're gone, who will build the wall?  Trump: I am banning H1B visas.  USCIS: You cannot do that.  Trump: Why?  Chief of Staff: If you do so, we'll have to outsource White House operations to Bangalore. Which is in India.  Trump (sweating profusely by now): What the hell should I do as President???  CIA: Enjoy the White House, sir!  We'll take care of the rest!!!
To all those people complaining about Donald Trump winning the election.... Just build a wall and get over it.
I challenge someone to say something including the word "Trump" or "Hilary" without sounding biased in any way. Hang on... Did I just...
What's the difference between Hillary's staff and Bill's staff? Bill's staff waited until after the election to suck.
The Trump administration hasn't *really* done anything illegal... We're all just Russian to con-collusions
I was told, if I voted for Hillary, they predicted Obamacare would continue and we'd go to war with Syria... I did, and the predictions came true!
Donald Trumps ask the Queen of England for Tips Donald Trump  met with the Queen of England, and he asked her, "Your  Majesty, how do you run such an efficient government? Are there any tips you could give me?"  "Well," replied the Queen, "the most important thing is to surround yourself with intelligent people."  Trump frowned, and then asked, "But how do I know the people around me are really intelligent?"  The Queen took a sip of tea. "Oh, that's easy; you just ask them to answer an intelligent riddle."  The Queen pushed a button on her intercom. "Please send Theresa May in here, would you?"  Theresa May walked into the room and said, "Yes, Your Majesty?"  The Queen smiled and said, "Answer me this, if you would, Theresa.  Your mother and father have a child. It is not your brother and it is not your sister.  Who is it?"  Without  pausing for a moment, Theresa May answered, "That would be me."  "Yes! Very good," said the Queen.  Trump went back home to ask Mike Pence the same question. “ Mike, answer this for me. Your mother and your father have a child.  It's not your brother and it's not your sister. Who is it?"  "I'm not sure," said Pence. "Let me get back to you on that one." He went to his advisers and asked everyone, but none could give him an answer.  Finally, Pence ran in to Sarah Palin in a restaurant the next night. Pence asked, "Sarah, can you answer this for me? Your mother and father have a child and it's not your brother or your sister. Who is it?"  Sarah Palin answered right back, "That's easy, it's me!"  Pence smiled, and said, "Thanks!"  Pence then, went back to speak with Trump. "Say, I did some research and I have the answer to that riddle.  It's Sarah Palin!"  Trump got up, stomped over to Pence, and angrily yelled, "No, you idiot!   It's Theresa May!" 
Trump's tax returns is like Half-Life 3 It ain't coming out
I would make a joke about Donald Trump, but... I'm pretty sure it would only have a 42% approval rating.
Hilary and Trump are on a sinking boat. Who is saved? America
Why does Trump actually want to lose the election? He will have to move in a smaller house in a black neighbourhood
Ted Cruz is a master baiter for Donald Trump's brand of politics.
Someone drew a swastika on The Trump Tower The police aren't sure if it's a supporter, or a hater.
The common connection between Hillary Clinton and Acid Trying to fall asleep on acid is like Hillary's presidential career. No matter how much you force it, its never going to happen. 
A Republican, Christian, Vegetarian and the Nicest man ever walks into a bar And only orders water because Mr. Rogers didn't drink
Why Did Trump Re-Establish U.S. Space Command? He watched Independence Day and thought it was a documentary!
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and a crackhead? The crackhead actually gets arrested.
I hear Hillary really resented Sanders's hastag #FeelTheBern She was worried how obligated Bill would feel when #FeelTheClinton caught on.
Donald Trump is being held hostage... Guy 1: "Donald Trump is being held hostage by terrorists and they threaten to shoot him unless the US can come up with $5 billion in cash!"  Guy 2: "Oh my God, that's horrible! How much have people donated?"  Guy 1: "So far, 15 rifles, 20 machine guns, 16 shotguns, 8 revolvers, 76 BB guns, 18 Glocks, 15 magnums, 21 bobcats, and $12 million in bullets.
If I was in a room with Trump and HRC....... and I had a gun and one bullet.... I'd shoot myself in the head....
Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton, and Donald Trump go to heaven. They are called before God’s throne. “Who are you, and what good did you do on earth?”, God asks Reagan. “I am Ronald Reagan, oh Lord, and I won the Cold War”, Reagan answers. “Very well”, God says, “Take the seat to my right.” He then turns to Clinton and asks him the same question. “I am Bill Clinton, oh Lord, and I balanced the budget”, Clinton answers. “Very well”, God says, “Take the seat to my left.” He then turns to Trump but before he can ask him anything, Trump says: “I am Donald Trump and I think you are sitting in my seat.”
Finally figured out why Hillary is running for president. Double jeopardy laws prevent President Clinton from being tried for the same crime twice.    
January 1974, morning: Nixon looks out onto the South Lawn of the White House. In the freshly fallen snow, someone has written in piss: "Fuck Nixon". Nixon calls in William Colby from the CIA to investigate. After a couple of days, Colby calls Nixon with the results of the CIA's investigation. "Dick, I have bad news and worse news."   "Oh, Jesus, Bill, what do you mean?"  "Well, we took urine samples of everyone who has access to the White House. It's Gerald Ford's piss."  "Oh, for fuck's sake Bill, are you sure?"  "Yeah, absolutely, Dick."  "Jesus, ok, so what's the worse news?"  "Well, Dick, it's Pat's handwriting."
Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton are on a sinking boat. Who survives? America.
Bernie Sanders is elected President. That about covers it.
donald trump's immigration policy If he doesn't use #Mexit when describing his immigration policy it will be a missed opportunity.
Why did Obama run for president ? Cause he fought the law and the law one lmfao
Melania Trump's Speech Sorry guys this one's a repost
Why couldn't Donald Trump be a successful song writer? Because every good song has a bridge, not a wall.
I should have known playing monopoly with Chelsea Clinton was a bad idea Both of her parents are cheaters
Pokemon go should contact Hillary Clinton. I hear she has some servers
After his failed Presidential run, Bernie Sanders decides to write a book and finally endorses Hillary Clinton. The Clinton Foundation bought 10 million copies in advance.
The president has a long lost sister, Mallory Obama. Mallory grew up in less fortunate circumstances than her brother, in a poor household in New Orleans. However, later in life, she became renowned as one of the best prostitutes, with the biggest heart of gold, in all of Dixie.  Now, throughout the South, you can still hear the good ole boys singing about *Sweet Ho Mal Obama*.
Why Donald Trump Should be President Because every generation deserves to see a Presidential assassination
Donald Trump and Barrak Obama end up in the same barbershop. As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were even afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn into politics.  As the barbers finished their shaves, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave.  Trump was quick to stop him saying "No way buddy, my wife will smell that and think I've been in a damn whorehouse."  The second barber turned to Obama and said "How about you?"  Obama replied, "Go ahead, my wife doesn't know what the inside of a whorehouse smells like."  EDIT : damn I didn't think this would get so much attention, and yes I am very well aware that I spelled  OhBummer's name incorrectly. AND THANKS FOR THE GOLD KIND STRANGER
With the way Trump is acting, I'm surprised Clinton hasn't murdered him ...in the polls.
What do Donald Trump and Forrest Gump have in common? They are both mentally disabled. 
Why is Hillary Clinton running for President? Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement. 
What does a Trumpie call a woman with a PhD and a Nobel Prize? Bitch.
Donald Trump is an american Prop... To make Hillary Clinton look good. 
With Trump and Hillary being the candidates, I think we know who will win... Dave.
Did you know Donald Trump has a different hairpiece for each occasion? He even has toupé for sex.
If Trump wins the election ... What will the presidential candidate for the next election choose as his/her campaign motto?  "Make America good again."
Good News: Trump help people come out of the closet Bad News: They are racists and misogynist
If Trump and Clinton were stranded on a desert island, who would survive? America.
What did Trump say to the Human Cannonball? You'rrre fired!
Donald Trump has become so popular around the world that people in Africa gave him a nickname They call him food
What did Obama say to Dalai Lama at last peace conference? "Don't worry I won't Bide'n"
What is one progressive agenda that won't suffer under Trump's America? Progressive Insurance's
What Are Donald Trump's favorite kind of nuts? Wall nuts.
One of Donald Trump's slogans is America First! We'll rob the other countries later.
Trump is going to be hiring Dave Grohl in 2020... He's got another election to fake.
The Supreme Court has ruled that there cannot be a Nativity Scene in the US Capital this Christmas The Supreme Court has ruled that there cannot be a Nativity Scene in the United States' Capital this Christmas season.  This isn't for any religious reason. They simply have not been able to find Three Wise Men in the Nation's Capitol.  A search for a Virgin continues.  There was no problem, however, finding enough asses to fill the stable.
What's the difference between a carrot and Donald Trump? Carrots grow in Mexican shit, trump gives Mexicans shit
If Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton are on a stranded boat together, who would survive? The country 
Donald Trump isnt that weird looking... .........I would even dare to call him a little hand-some.
You're the Ivanka Trump to my Donald Trump... You can call me "daddy" while I can call you a fine piece of ass
Trumps so Dumb He probable went to trump university.
How many biblical figures does it take to get Donald Trump elected president? Two Corinthians.
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump walk into a bar. They ask the bartender, "What have you got?"  The bartender points to two taps.  They say, "What? That's it?! We don't like either of those choices!"  The bartender says, "Now you know how I feel."
Whats would happens if you added Hillary Clinton and the USA and subtracted an A? I dont know but it would be Hillary Us.
Who do you vote for if Trump drops out of the race? Write in The Pussy
Bill Clinton died and went to heaven.. As he stood in front of Saint Peter at the Pearly Gates, he saw a huge wall of clocks behind him. He asked, "what are all those clocks?" Saint Peter answered, "those are the Lie-Clocks. Everyone on Earth has a Lie-Clock. Every time you lie, the hands on the clock will move. "Oh", said Bill, "whose clock is that?" "That's Mother Teresa's. The hands have never moved indicating that she never told a lie." "Whose clock is that?" "That's Abraham Lincoln's clock. The hands have only moved twice telling us that Abe only told 2 lies his entire life." "Where's Hillary's clock?" Bill asked. "Hillary's clock is in Jesus' office. He's using it as a ceiling fan."
Who is Donald Trump's favorite actor? Huuuugh Jackman.
Hillary's so crooked... she needs a Kaine for support.
What happens when the White House runs out of eggs? Obama issues an eggsecutive order.
There was an actor, a cowboy, a pervert, a psychopath, and a Hawaiian Who's next? Trump or Clinton?
So the American people's choices for President will apparently be either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. That is the joke. There's no punchline here.
How many videos does Donald Trump jerk off to per day? As many as ISIS puts out.
Normally I find Ted Cruz's message to be more off point But last night he proved to be undoubtedly a more-on candidate and a moving speaker
Why doesn't Donald Trump toot his own Horn? He plays the TRUMPet.
Hillary Clinton doesn't suck That's why Bill cheated on her
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Santa? Santa stops at 3 'Ho's'
If Clinton wins the election... There'll be another Bush in the White House
Trump and Hillary walk into a pastry shop Hillary whispers to trump "Look look.."  Grabs 3 cupcakes and sticks them in her pocket  Trump is shocked "What are you doing ? that's theft ! just watch and learn"  Trump calls the clerk "listen, if you give me a cupcake, ill show you an amazing magic trick", Intrigued, the clerk hands him a cupcake  Trump immediately eats it  "Now give me another" and gobbles it down  "Another!" and eats that one aswell  The clerk, angered, asks "So whats the magic trick !?"  To which trump replies: "Check Hillary's pocket"
Donald Trump is not my president! because I'm from Vietnam. And live in the US on a student visa.
What's the difference between Trudeau and Trump? Trudeau likes to stokes pussies where as Trump likes to grab em
I Don't Get Why Trump and Clinton Don't Get Along They both seem to love pussy
With Trump and Hillary as your options North America, You really should have voted for Deez Nuts
It is so quiet in the Clinton HQ right now. So quiet you can hear an email being deleted
The good news for New Jersey, now that Donald Trump is president... ...Chris Christie will step down as governor to become the Secretary of Transportation.
Hillary Clinton is a strong woman who doesn't need Bill. Besides, the FBI has been fingering her for a while now.
Trump's slogan is "Make America Great Again!" Next thing you know, he'll make Kim Kardashian's butt big again.
If Hillary is elected President, IN GOD WE TRUST will be removed from all forms of US currency Only to be replaced by our new motto:  PAY TO PLAY  EDIT: I guess we will never find out.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a catfish? One's a slimy, scumsucking bottom feeder.  The other's a fish.
From Hump day to #Trump day Crazy.. That's all I got.
Why did Trumps Casino go bankrupt? Because when he was inspecting the Roulette wheels he told the manager he didn't like blacks. 
Bill Gates moves to Canada to escape a Trump presidency. He settles in a poor town that could use some philanthropy. His first check is to repair a crumbling stone wall outside the town hall.   "Mr. Gates, our school is deteriorating, our clinic's roof is leaking, our streets are full of potholes, and our playground is unsafe. Why did you pick *that* to be your first project?"  His response:  "Because Canada will build a wall and the Americans are gonna pay for it!"
Why can't Hillary Clinton visit the zoo? She can't tell the difference between the lions and the black teenagers.
Trump's campaign is unique Commentators keep grasping for new adjectives to describe just how unique Trump's campaign is. Let's hope, for all our sakes, that Trump's campaign remains un-presidented.
What did Bill Clinton say to Michelle Obama when she proposed they have a secret affair? Sure thing Monica.
If Donald Trump and Hilary got into an accident who would be saved? America
Donald Trump in a submarine Soldier " Sir! The enemy is attacking, we're under fire!"  Trump "relax soldier... We're under water..."
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks.
I told my parents to vote for Trump... So I wouldn't have to take Spanish in high school
Shower thought: the only difference between Donald Trump and a giraffe is... ahhhhh, who the hell flushed the toilet?
Trump is elected and Mexico agrees to pay for the wall under two stipulations. A maxinum height of 1 foot and Trump's resignation. 
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite arcade game? PAC-Man.
As a blue collar worker, I can really relate to Donald Trump. We both push buttons all day.
Two Trump supporters are walking side by side. After a while, one asks the other "Can I walk in the middle now?"
I gave a Republican an IQ test... He rolled it up and tried to shoot me in the dick with it.
Bernie Sanders isn't a Messiah. He's just a Jewish guy sacrificing himself to save millions from their own sin and ignorance while being insulted the entire time. Clearly no basis for a religion.
I am an irish libertarian Because i dont need someone to hold me back.
What's the difference between a CIA operative and Hillary Clinton? A CIA operative won't divulge classified information because he'd have to kill you. Hillary Clinton divulges the information... Then has you killed.
Spercomputer was asked to find an alternative to Clinton and Trump to save presidential election. The computer picked up a 80-year-old one-legged man from mental hospital in Georgia.  When he was asked: "How could you be a better alternative? You are older than any of them, sicker than Clinton and even more insane than Trump?", he answered: "Well, maybe because I'm honest about it" 
Donald Trump's AMA That's the joke
To those of you who think Hillary sucks, I can prove you wrong in two words... Monica Lewinsky
How do you speak to a deaf Ted Cruz? Use zodiac signs
What's the difference between Donald Trump and.. a bucket of shit?   The bucket.
Donald Trump was asked if he could quote any Bible verses.  He replied,"Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Deport him and you do not have to feed him again."  Trump 20:16
Obama went on a run and fell in a river. three young boys pulled him out of the river. Obama said my god, you saved the president of your country. name any one thing you want and you'll have it. The first boy said he wanted a house for his mother, they'd never had a house. Obama bought it. The second boy wanted to go to Disney world. Obama made it so. The third boy asked for a wheelchair. Perplexed, Obama said "Why do you need a wheel chair, you seem to walk fine". The young boy replied "well now, sure. but wait until my dad finds out i saved your life."
What's the difference between John Lewis and Donald Trump? John Lewis helped make America great. 
What is Donald Trump's favourite nursery rhyme? Barack a bye baby
Why did Joe Biden take all the pens from the White House? Because Trump comes with his own Pence. 
Did you notice the difference between Trump's inauguration and Obama's? Trump's crowd paled in comparison.
(Sad!)First Trump came for the Chicagoans... And I said nothing.  Then, Trump came for the Mexicans, And I said nothing. Then he came for the journalists and the actors and actresses of SNL, And still I said nothing. Now he's come for me, And no one said anything, Because we're all in FEMA camps.
I guess aliens don't exist, I'm pretty sure Trump would've spilled the beans, unless he's keeping them secret until next election... ... so he can run on the campaign of "building a roof to keep America safe from aliens."
Donald Trump is cancelling the Dawn Of Justice movie He's doing it since one of the main characters, Superman, is an illegal alien.
I'm no fan of Donald Trump, but I won't denigrate those who are. And to those who are, 'denigrate' means 'to put down.'
How does Donald Trump smoke weed? From his bing bing bong
Why is Trump never on top? Because he always fucks up.
I guess after the RNC Donald Trumps' Limos come without Cruz Control
Mexicans are having a hard time facing the facts that the Trump administration is going to build a wall... But they'll get over it.
Chinese president Xi leaned to president Trump and asked​, Donald, have you ever had Chinese Peking Duck?
Trump Today Trump Today:  Missile #1: "You're fired!"  Missile #2: "You're fired!"  Missile #3: "You're fired!"  And so on 56 more times.
Putin, Trump, the Pope, and a 8 year old boy are on a plane that's about to crash. Putin, Trump, the Pope, and a 8 year old boy are on a plane that's about to crash.  There's three parachutes left, enough for three people.    Putin "I'm a the most important person in all of Russia, they can't do anything without me."  Putin proceeds to take a parachute and jump off  Trump "I'm the most important person in the U.S. and without my smarts the U.S. couldn't do anything."   Trump proceeds to take a parachute and jump off  Pope "I'm getting old so you can take my parachute kid, you have your whole life ahead of you"  Kid "But there's enough parachutes for both of us."  Pope "I thought there was only three?"  Kid "There is but Trump took my backpack instead of a parachute."
Trump calls Putin on the phone Trump says, "You need to stop annexing territory in Ukraine"  Putin responds, "Crimea river"
President Trump to sign an executive action taking aim at Sun Maid and California's Raisin industry He answered most of the criticism over the weekend by stating  "I would like to make raisins Grape again"
How many Bernie supporters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One to hold the lightbulb, and the rest of the world to revolve around them
What would be funny about Hillary as president? That she would be sitting at the desk that Monica once kneeled under!
If Trump wins, what will his secret police be called? The Apprehendice
So I hear Trump wants to ban shredded cheese. Says he's going to make America grate again.
I'm so mad Bernie lost that... I threw my chicken tendies!
What's the difference between Trump supporters and dildos? Dildos come in more than one color.
Electing Trump would really strengthen our dollar Sincerely, Canada
The reason only mostly out of work Hollywood celebrities can speak publicly for Trump  is because if any working celebrities did they would quickly become a mostly out of work Hollywood celebrity.
If Hillary wins, I'm leaving the country, if Trump wins, I'm leaving the country Not another repost, I'm just dying 
Why did Monica Lewinsky vote Republican? Because Democrat left a bad taste in her mouth!
How many Trumps does it take to change a light bulb? Just one, she learned how to do it 8 years ago.
What's Donald Trumps favorite juice? Orangu-Tang
What is the one thing that Democrats and Republicans can agree on? They should allow guns at the Republican convention
If there weren't any democrats... then who would be left?
George washington, George Bush, and Bill Clinton are on a boat And it begins to sink. Washington valiantly proclaims, "Save the women!"   George Bush replies angrily, "fuck the women!"   Bill responds excitedly, "Do we have time?"
How do we that Melania Trump is always on top during sex? Because Donald can only fuck up.
The ONLY reason I'm voting for Hillary Clinton George Soros :(
After the election, everyone wonders why people voted for Trump. The French know the answer 'Ils se sont trumpé'   (I was wrong = je me suis trompé)
It's looking like Hillary is definitely going to win the election I think I might move to Benghazi, at least she'll leave me alone there.
What do Donald Trump and the milk in my fridge have in common? It better get thrown out by November 8 or else I'm going to get violently sick.
If Hillary Clinton stripped off her pant suit, what would you see? Depends.
I heard they're making a revival of a show once Donald Trump is elected I'm going to love watching the new Orange is the New Black.
My physics teacher told me Donald Trump's statements are very scientific. They can all be falsified. 
I am trying to stop my grandma from voting for Hillary It's pretty hard since she has been dead for 20 years
What's the difference between Jane Fonda and Trump? Fonda actually went to Vietnam. 
Trump sexually assaults women Does that mean he'll be deported?
What did Hillary Clinton say when she got to the restaurant? "Can I have a private server?"
Just think of the money we could have saved with Hillary. We would have saved 24% by hiring a woman.
Trump will have a legacy like Ford. Rob Ford.
If Trump wins the election *Orange* is the new *Black*
If Trump wins, I'm leaving the country, if Clinton wins I'm leaving the country Not a political post, I just love to travel
I'm serving a new drink at my restaurant called "The Trump Presidency"... It consists of a tall glass of Bitters with an aspirin dropped in.    It'll be a huge hit. Half the people will order it. The other half will be given it whether they like it or not!
It's Bill and Hillary Clinton's fiftieth anniversary... As they sat over a candle lit dinner, Hillary made a confession. "Bill," she says. "You know that box in the basement you told me never to open?"  "Yes" says Bill. "It had been bothering me for years and finally curiosity won over. I opened it."  Bill sighed in disappointment. Hillary asked, "I found three empty beer bottles and seventy seven dollars. Can I ask why you were keeping three empty beer bottles?" "Well, Hillary. I'm going to be honest. Whenever I was unfaithful to you, I would come home and open a beer. I would drink it thinking about how I really love you and how sorry I was. The beer bottles are reminders of the mistakes I made cheating on you."  Hillary was surprised but she knew his past and accepted it. "Bill, I'm dissapointed, but we have been through worse. I love you and I forgive you. Can I ask why there was seventy seven dollars in the box?" Bill shrugged. "Everytime the box filled up with beer bottles, I took them back for the deposit."  
Donald Trump On the Phone Donald: Hello, I would like to inquire how long is the flight from New York to London?  Operator: Just a minute sir...  Donald: Okay, thanks! (hangs up)
What is Donald Trump's favorite Christmas song? White Christmas.
John (while writing Revelations): "So Lord, the end will be signaled by trumpets?" God:  "No... I said Trump/Pence."  John:  Yeah, trumpets.  God:  "Never mind.  They'll know."﻿  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~^^^copied.
Trump's first scandal. Trump has had his first scandal. According to CNN, Donald Trump has gone to a private dinner with his family without alerting the press core. They've called this 'A dangerous breach of protocol and lack of transparency'.   I guess they're worried that he may have given some classified information to his private server.
How do you fuck Hillary Clinton? Putin-Weiner
I don't know why people call Donald Trump inexperienced He used to remove black families from their homes all the time.
What do you call somebody who voted for Hillary Clinton? A loser
The 45th President of the United States is Donad Trump. No that's not a typo, it's just that Hillary took the L.
I haven't seen the democrats this mad at republicans... ... Since they freed the slaves
Trump did great, but... ...imagine how much he would have won by if Clinton hadn't rigged the election.
Clinton is MY president! His second term is about to end but I truly loved his presidency   -Sent from internet explorer
Why is Donald Trump banned from trick-or-treating? He always goes for the grab bags.
I already figured out Michelle Obama's slogan. Hindsight is 2020.
What's Donald Trumps favorite color? Orange
What shouldn't you make for dinner after your husband comes home from the Trump rally? Tacos
If Hilary and Trump were to be stranded on an island, who would survive? America.
People need to stop saying trump is a white supremacist, Hes an orange supremacist.  
Monica Lewinsky says she WILL endorse Hillary for president... ..says Hillary Clinton "doesn't suck." 
Trump and Clinton If you put Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton on an island, who would survive?  AMERICA
What's Trump's favorite Pink Floyd album? The Wall. Huehuehue
Ode to Hillary Ode to Hillary  There was a crooked woman, and she wore a crooked smile She found a crooked dollar and she dodged a crooked trial She bought a crooked server, and wed a crooked spouse And they all lived together in a little crooked house  
Hillary Clinton  
I don't support Trump, so I don't stay at the Trump Hotels. I don't support Hillary Clinton, so I don't stay at the Hilton either.
Trump get's his wall. (long) Trump, A Canadian and a Mexican, end up on a deserted island.  While looking for supplies to survive Trump finds a Lantern, seeing the goldish colour of the lamp Trump rubs it.  Summoning a Genie;  The Genie announces that he will grant three wishes to all that have found his Island.  Trump wishes first; "I want a wall, the best wall, all along our borders 50 feet... no 2000 feet tall,  it is going to be the greatest wall, we should have the best wall, the biggest wall, it should be the biggest wall in history"  The Genie looks at Trump and says, Granted.  The Canadian Looks at the Mexican and says, "I want to know how high the wall is, and how strong it is" The genie says "The wall is 8000 meters tall, and strong enough to hold back an ocean."  The Mexican smiles looking at the Canadian.   "Fill it with water"
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a baby polar bear? It will be a year before the baby polar bear kills its first seal.
How does a Trump supporter fit 50,000 books in their living room? In the fireplace.
A teacher asked her 6th Grade class how many of them were Trump fans... A teacher asked her 6th grade class how many of them were Trump fans.   Not really knowing what a Trump fan is, but wanting to be liked by their teacher, all the kids raised their hands except for Little Johnny.    The teacher asked Little Johnny why he has decided to be different... again. Little Johnny said, "Because I'm not a Trump fan."    The teacher asked, "Why aren't you a fan of Trump?"   Johnny said, "Because I'm a Democrat."   The teacher asked him why he's a Democrat.   Little Johnny answered, "Well, my Mom's a Democrat and my Dad's a Democrat, so I'm a Democrat."    Annoyed by this answer, the teacher asked, "If your mom was a moron and your dad was an idiot, what would that make you?"   With a big smile, Little Johnny replied, "That would make me a Trump fan."
What's a Trump supporter's favorite college? Electoral.
What's Trump's least favorite periodic element? Just Tin
Where does Donald Trump buy groceries? Traitor Joe's. 
Donald Trump isn't irrational, he just advocates a different type of 'reason' The kind that begins with a T.
Donald Trump's brain The left side has nothing right the right side has nothing left
Why Donald Trump might win the election but resign on the first day? He finds out he has to move in to a small house in a black neighborhood​​!
Why doesn't Chelsea Clinton have a brother or sister? Monica Lewinsky swallowed them.
Bernie demands change... whereas Hillary prefers cards or cheques.
A T-100 is sent back to 2016 to terminate Trump and Clinton. Who survives? Not the next redditor to post a fucking 'America' version of the disaster set up.
Why does Bernie always hold the podium while giving a speech? It's tough to stand on your own when you have no spine.
Donald Trump's gut was to go with Chris Christie for VP, ...but Chris Christie's gut had already gone for the buffet.
In light of the DNC event and my own recent experience with the forced install of windows 10.. What do the Clinton's have in common with Bill Gates? They both no longer need your consent.
What is Donald Trump's least favorite Star Wars movie? Rogue Juan.
Donald Trump is a distinguished author He has written over 15 books. They all start at Chapter 11
What did Obama say after his mom finished serving dinner? "Thanks Omama."
In a few weeks the keys to the worlds most important office will be handed over to Donald Trump. There is absolutely nothing funny about that. Figured this sub was a perfect place to post this. 
Did you know the Packers were Trump supporters? Ha Ha Clinton-Dix
How much is Donald Trump's life insurance worth? One Pence 
Ted Cruz takes his religious values very seriously He always pulls out before finishing
What do Bernie supporters call their roommates? Mom and Dad.  What do Hillary supporters call their roommates?  Orderly
What do you call a gay version of Donald Trump? Flaming Hot Cheeto!
What's Trump's favorite molecular bond? Van der Waals
All these Trump jokes... that he'll never understand.
Trump really needs to do something about all these Canadians. Seriously, geese are the worst.
What do Donald Trump &amp; the iPhone 7 have in common? They both come with force touch
Republicans are the true snowflakes... they're white, they're cold, and if you put enough of em together they'll shut down public schools  EDIT* Thanks for the gold! You popped my gold cherry!   its a joke folks. just a joke.
If I get a bird I'm naming it Trump cuz all they do is Tweet
Donald Trump - "I'm not orange!" "Impeach."
Did you hear about the LGBT community's reaction to Trump removing the Transgender bathroom bill? Pretty pissed off.
Why was Hillary chasing down Trump for money? Cos he had Bills toupee 
What is the similarity between Baron Trump and my Pug? Both can't shake my hand.  
Bill Clinton walks into a bar, but his head is about the size of a billiard ball So the bartender says "Ok, I'll bite. What happened?"  Bill says "Well, it's a funny thing.  I found an old lamp on the beach, rubbed it, a genie came out and said he would grant me 3 wishes."  "My first wish was to become Governor of Arkansas.  That was granted."  "My second wish was to become President of the USA.  That was granted too."  The bartender braced himself...  "For my third wish, I told the genie I just wanted a little head."
Why Donald Trump will not release his tax returns even though it seriously jeopardizes his presidential campaign? No ​**Juan** should know how much money he has, country needs to build the wall first.
Whenever someone tells me Hillary Clinton sucks... ... I remind them that it was Monica Lewinsky's job. 
If Trump gets elected this November I'm going to jack off Because I might as well cum if I'm getting fucked.
Donald Trump goes to a bar and tells a joke "Seriously, I have the best jokes. I know some comedians, and let me tell you, they say I've got the best jokes."   "Ok, let's hear one."  "When I tell a joke, the whole crowd laughs. Seriously, I've got the best jokes."   
Democrats have a point.. even if it is at the top of their head.
Why did Donald Trump cross the road? Because his dick was stuck in the chicken.
Why did Trump watch the Mexicans in the pole vulting competition? To know how high to build the wall
Hillary could be the first f-president. I would have said "female", but somebody deleted the "emale".﻿
Apparently Trump is a neo-Marxist He wants to seize the means of reproduction.
Why didn't hillaryclinton.com go down with this current DDOS attack? Because she users her own servers.
Donald Trump could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot someone and it wouldn't change is chances of being elected. Because you can't have less than a zero percent chance.
Daddy Trump... Had Papa Putin shut off our internet this morning.
A journalist asks Donald Trump some questions... He says, "Why don't you treat Mexicans fairly?"   Trump says, "I do treat Mexicans fairly; they all love me."   He then says, "Why don't you treat women fairly?"   Trump says, "I do treat women fairly; they all love me."   He then says, "Why don't you treat Muslims fairly?"   Trump says, "I do treat Muslims fairly; they all love me."   What Trump doesn't know is that the journalist was taking a recording of this conversation. The journalist then sends this recording viral to the Internet and media and publishes an article corresponding to it, noting how Donald Trump constantly lies. He notably writes, "Can this liar be your next president?", followed by great acclaim by both politicians and the general public.   Donald Trump, upon reading this article, is shocked and appalled and replies, "I didn't say this; this is a scam. Besides, I am fit for presidency. The politicians and general public love me."  
What do you call a capitalist Bernie Sanders? Earning Sanders.
A cow confronted Donald Trump after a rally It said "what's your problem with moo-slims?"
Where do Republicans go to lose their virginity? The county fair
I bumped into president Obama the other day It hurt
What's the difference between Trump and Dave Who the hell is Trump?
Two costumes are gonna be super popular this year: Donald Trump and Scary Clown. It's gonna be hard to say which is which.
Obama, Putin and Milo Djukanovic are on a plane... Obama, Putin and Milo Djukanovic are on a plane. An emergeny occurs and the plane is gonna crash but they only have 2 parachutes.  Obama: "We will do it democratically and gonna vote who gets a parachute. Everyone will get one vote and cannot vote himself."  After voting Djukanovic has the most with Putin at second place.  Obama: "I am fine with the results, but can you explain me how the fuck did Djukanovic get 15 votes"
What do Donald Trump and Bill Cosby have in common? Neither one will rape a Mexican.
Third party US presidential candidate Gary Johnson just delivered a crushing blow to the Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton campaigns By keeping his mouth shut.
Trump &amp; Hillary are on a boat. The boat sinks, who survives? The United States.
What is Donald Trump's favourite nation? Discrimination.
What's the name of Donald Trump's favorite street? Grabcunt lane.
What did Richard Nixon say after he tried to make dinner at the White House for the first time? I am not a cook
What did the Vice President say when leaving the White House? Biden
"You're telling me that I'm losing my job because Donald Trump won the election? WHY, BECAUSE I'M BLACK?!" "Mister President, we've been over this..."
Millions of women across the country are marching the day after Trump takes office. What a beautiful parade! Our country's women are so welcoming to their new president. I'm touched by this nationwide display of patriotism. 
What did the Kool-aid man say about Donald Trump's proposal? OH Yeaaaaaaa!
What's the difference between Hitler and Trump? The mustache.
Why does everyone think Trump is gonna start WW3? If anything, with today's weaponry he'd start Cold War Part II
How did President Obama win the election? He nigger rigged it. 
what do you call oranges in the sea? swimming trumps
What does the chicken said to a republican? *Cluuuuck, cluck, cluck, cluck, cluck...*
Do you remember when you could make fun of Supreme Leader Trump? Pepperidge farm remembers
Donald Trump is Being Sworn in as President... The day is January 20, 2017. The greatly anticipated and feared time has come for Donald Trump's inauguration, and two men are watching it on the television from Australia, because they were slightly drunk and couldn't be bothered to get up and change the channel.  The moment came, and Trump steps up to take his position. Being fairly stupid along with inattentive, the two guys are confused. There seemed to be some kind of dorito coloured weirdo next to the President.  "Who the fuck is that guy up there next to Dave?"  
Trump pushes another black family out their house this time from white house
The Trump presidency will be fine... Remember when NWO took over WCW? In the end, it turned out ok too. 
Most of the Republicans didn't see Trump's acceptance speech.... Like most people, they close their eyes when they're masturbating 
What will happen if Donald Trump can't form a cabinet before inauguration? He gets to return it to IKEA for a full/partial refund!  (Credit goes to Facebook Friend)
my ex-girlfriend named my penis Trump, Because it talked a big game to get inside, left her disappointed, and she wanted to get rid of it in 4 years or less... 
If Donald Trump becomes President.. even you can surely achieve anything
Just waiting for Steve Harvey to come out and say it's actually Clinton any second now
What do the White House and a farm have in common? They both have a pig in them
You remember, in 2008 and 2012, when the right rioted, burned police cars, trashed small businesses, and claimed that President Elect Obama was not their president? Huh, yeah me either. 
I think Trump will be a great president Just had to put my two Pence in there
Whats the difference between God and Donald Trump? God doesn't think he is Donald Trump.
Why doesn't Trump have hemorrhoids? Because he's a perfect asshole.
Why can't Trump be compared to vegetables in jokes? Because even artichokes have a heart.
Obama, Queen Elizabeth and Kim Jung il are entering the gates of hell Obama sees that there is a phone at the Devils office and asks him if he could use it to make one last call to his family. The devil says its ok and Obama makes the call. He spoke for 10 minutes and the devil then said it cost 1 million dollars because it was a long distance call. Obama obviously didn't have a choice so he payed up and then entered the gates of hell.  Queen Elizabeth then said she wanted to make a call and the devil said it'd come at a price as well. The devil knew that she had a lot of money so after she spoke for 10 minutes he charged her 10 million dollars for her call to England. Queen Elizabeth easily payed the money to the devil and then entered the gates of hell.   Kim Jung il was then allowed to make a call. He lost track of the time and talked for over 50 minutes on the phone with his friends in North Korea. After hanging up he realized his mistake and was extremely worried about how much the devil would charge him. The devil went up to him and said 3 cents. Kim Jung il was shocked and then immediately questioned the extremely low price. The devil then replied "It's because making a local call is cheap."
Donald Trump and a preist die and go to heaven St. Peter greets them at the Pearly gates waiting for them.   'Come with me', said St. Peter to Donald Trump  Trump did as he was told and followed St. Peter to a mansion. It had anything you could imagine from a bowling alley to an olympic size pool.   'Wow, not a Mexican in sight" he mumbled as St. Peter went back for the preist.  Next, St. Peter led the priest to a rugged old shack with a bunk bed and a little old television set.   'Wait, I think you are a little mixed up', said the priest. 'Shouldn't I be the one who gets the mansion? After all I was a priest, went to church every day, and preached God's word.'   'Yes, that's true. But during your sermons people slept. When Donald Trump became president, everyone prayed.' 
Donald Trump unveiled the name of his new healthcare plan today. It's called Don T. Care
Not sure Trump can utter an entire sentence without lying, Like he has minimum alternative facts! ��
What's the difference between Trump and Hitler? Hitler started out as a good guy.
Donald Trump has just signed ANOTHER executive order it's about foreign birds of prey. the order states that any bird, specifically eagles, who have some sort of illness like flu will not be allowed to enter the country.  Trump has labelled them -  ILL EAGLE IMMIGRANTS
What do Trump and Palpatine have in common? They both took power from a black man.
What do Donald Trump and Gordon Ramsay have in common? They both have a cabinet full of potatoes. 
I find it Hillaryous that the presidential candidates this year are so horrible. I wonder if either of them will pull out their Trump card to guarantee that win though.
I don't get why people say Hillery Clinton is a lizard. Thats silly Lizards have brains
I 100% support the Trump Deportation Plan!! Where should we send him?
If Trump wins Im leaving the country if Clinton wins Im leaving the country Not a political post, I just love to travel
Hilary Clinton could be the first F president ever elected in to office. Sorry it was supposed to say Female but the emale got deleted.
Donald Trump walks into a bookstore... how much per meter?
Women of Reddit: Could you get behind Trump? Because he'd be more than willing to get behind you.
Why are Donald Trump's IT folks never late? Because they are always rushin.
Stephen Harper's Campaign Against Trump "Donald Trump: He's just too old"
Hillary's So Crooked.... Hillary's So Crooked She Needs A Kaine!
Donald Trump needs to build a wall. Around himself so we don't have to look or listen to him.
Trump's most recent joke . . . Clean coal
I'm afraid that Hillary is lying... And I'm afraid that Trump isn't. 
Hillary demands that Trump release his tax returns Trump says - I'll email them to you.
Monica Lewinsky isn't voting for Clinton. The last one left a bad taste in her mouth.
Why cant clinton stand straight? Because she is Crooked.
What do Hillary Clinton and Monica Lewinsky have in common? Once they get to the White House, they both suck.
How does the President get to the top floor of the White House? He uses Stair Force One.
Hear about the comedian who made only jokes about Hillary Clinton? Apparently he died of "natural causes" 
White house What do you call someone in the White House who is honest, ethical, intellectual, law abiding, and truthful? A tourist.
How does Donald trump kill himself? By jumping from his ego to his IQ
Why is Donald Trump's wig so expensive? Because its too much toupée for one.
When Donald Trump talks about wanting to help 'the little guy' -- -- he means he needs a prescription for viagra.
Trump was furious when Hillary Clinton asked Mark Cuban to attend the presidential debate Trump said: "A billionaire reality star has no business being at a presidential debate."
Where does Donald Trump go for vacation? MAGAluf
How does Donald Trump screw in a light bulb? He can't. His hands are too small.
So... Hillary Clinton is giving this FBI agent a blow job at the Democratic Nation Convention ... Hey...Chill out man...It's politics, that's how it works !!!
Hillary Clinton and her driver were cruising along a country road one night when all of a sudden they hit a pig, killing it instantly.   Hillary told her driver to go up to the farmhouse and explain to the owners what had happened.   About one hour later Hillary sees her driver staggering back to the car with a bottle of wine in one hand, a cigar in the other and his clothes all ripped and torn.   ”What happened to you?” asked Hillary.   ”Well, the Farmer gave me the wine, his wife gave me the cigar and his 19-year-old daughter made mad passionate love to me.”  ”My God, what did you tell them?” asks Clinton.   The driver replies, ”I’m Hillary Clinton’s driver, and I just killed the pig!”
I, for one, welcome the Trump presidency. It will be like Apprentice vs. Alien on all news networks.
What did Bernie Madoff say to Bernie Sanders? I'll take your money!
Trump's chances of winning the presidency are as good as... the amount he's paid in taxes.
I don't understand why Donald Trump is running as a republican I though the Jackass was the mascot of the DNC.
What's Hillary Clinton's e-mail password? I don't know, but the Russians do.
Trump said he could murder someone in broad daylight and not lose any supporters. Sadly, that was the last time he ever told the truth.
I heard the Republican Party is considering renaming itself as the National Conservative party Or Nat-C for short
People say that Democrats and Republicans can't work together to get anything done. But Jeffrey Epstein is dead.
What's the difference between AIDS and crossing the Clintons? AIDS is no longer a death sentence.
I just uncovered irrefutable proof that Hillary Clinton knew about the 30,000 emails she deleted as well as what really happened in Benghazi. I'm sharing it because the American people deserve to know the tr
Why does Donald Trump wear such a long tie? It's his leash.
Trump hosts Putin for a state dinner at The White House When a guest asks "Mr. President, what have the two of you been discussing all day?", to which Trump responds "Planning World War 3." The guest asks "What will that be like?" Trump: "We're going to kill 4 million muslims and one dentists." The guest appears confued and asks "But why one dentist?", when Putin leans over, slaps Trump on the shoulder and says: "See Donald, what did I tell you - no one will ask about the Muslims."
"How did Trump become president?!?!" Asks the country getting its weather forecast from a groundhog. 
Welcome to Trump's America where the best black superbowl player is White.
What do you call a millionaire in the white house? A public offender 
I bet the Whitehouse cleaning staff is happy that Trump is in office, the toilets must be immaculate since all his shit comes out his mouth.
Donald Trump just added the 51st State of the USA the state of "PANIC"
What did the optometrist say to the Trump supporter? "Hindsight is 2020"
Hillary Clinton came out with a new campaign slogan in response to Sanders' "Feel the Bern" Its called "Feel the Clit"
Reading /r/jokes posts is like banging Hillary Clinton I'll need loads of alcohol
Trump's first tweet on his first day as president. Just visited Area 51. Aliens are real! Government has been lying for too long. Very bad!
Trump running for president It's Hillaryous.
Why is Donald Trump so successful? Because he manned up and grabbed life by the pussy
I would move to Mexico if Trump wins, But I would never be able to come back. 
Why does Trump like Pink Floyd? Because they made The Wall.
If Trump actually does build the wall, I hope he makes it an effective one... If Trump actually does build the wall, I hope he makes it an effective one, like the Wall of China. I mean, there are practically no Mexicans in China. 
How many Trump supporters does t take to change a light bulb? None, they'll just make the Mexicans do it. 
Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and Bernie Sanders are running for president Donald Trump Wins. 
CNN: TRUMP PLANS TO COMMISSION NEW U-BOAT Oops, wrong sub.
Hillary walks into a pawn shop _Hillary walks into a pawn shop_:   **Hillary**: i want 270.   **Pawn shop owner**: best i can do is 218.  
Donald Trump has decided to take just $1 as his salary for the job of the President instead of the usual 400,000. That man would do just about anything to avoid paying the taxes.
In the last day of Barack's presidency, he and Donald Trump go to the same barbershop to get their hair done... Barbers decide no to talk about politics, and everybody ends up not talking at all. The air is tense. It could be almost cut with the barber's knife. Donald's hair gets finishe first, and when the barber tries to apply some cologne to it, Donald goes nuts "Are you out of your mind? I can't come back to my house smelling like I've been in a brothel. Ivankia would go batshit crazy". Right at that point nthe other barber finishes doing Barack's hair and goes "So Mr. President, I guess wou won't want cologne either?" "I don't have a problem with that", says Barack with half smile on his face; "Michelle doesn't know what a brothel smells like"
As promised, Trump is on path to Make America Great Again! we just have to wait for the next US President..
What do Trump and Karl Marx have in common? They both want to seize the means of (re)production
So far Hillary Clinton has lost 2 elections over the course of her political career Well, go figure. You can't spell "Hillary" without 2 L's
What does Melania Trump say to her speech writer? Thanks, Michelle! 
Politics What did Trump do when he heard that he was elected President? He patted his hair and said "See America now that you are the Presidential Hair you are the great again."
Donald Trump said he would bring change. And the front page of r/jokes arn't entirely reposts.
What will Hillary's first act as president be? Getting all the women out of the White House so Bill doesn't get any ideas.  Credit: Bill Burr
Why Trump will not build the wall after all? ​He realizes that it has to be a one-way wall! All Mexicans should be able to get out but no one should be coming in. Technology to build a one-way wall is not there yet.
I just shook trumps hand... and now I'm bankrupt.
If Trump becomes president, it won't be called the White House anymore He'll rename it the Exclusively White House
What did Putin say after the president of Ukraine begged him not to invade? Crimea river.
Vote for trump Orange is the new black
Obama, Putin and Merkel talk in Moscow about their submarines Obama says: 'Ours can dive for 2 weeks without surfacing!'   Merkel walks silently.   Putin replies: 'Ours can dive for 2 months before having to surface!'    As they pass the Moskva, a sub surfaces and a person steps out, shouting 'Sieg Heil, Comrade! We need more Diesel!' 
Donald Trump dies and goes to heaven... He soon reaches the pearly gates, and is greeted by St. Peter himself. Donald notices a wall of clocks behind St. Peter, some of them ticking, and some are not, and asks,  "What's with all the clocks?" St. Peter replies, "These are Lie-Clocks, every person on Earth and in Heaven has one, and they tick once every time you tell a lie. Over here we have Sylvia Brown's, which is moving once every 2 seconds. On the other hand, Mother Teresa's Lie-Clock has not moved at all, indicating that she has not told any lies." "I understand" says Donald. Tick! The second hand on Donald's clock moves forwards once, as he clearly doesn't know how the fuq anyone could not lie for 87 years. Embarrassed by his clock, Donald steps away and takes a look along the wall, trying to find the clocks of people he knows.  He finds Ivanka's, Bush 41's, Megan Kelly's and others, but notices a large hole where one was ripped from the wall. Donald asks, "What the fuq happened here?" St. Peter comes over, tsks, and says, "Oh this? That was Hillary's, but Jesus started using it as a ceiling fan for his room after the email scandal started.
What's got 2 thumbs and is worse than Donald Trump? No, seriously. I'm asking.
The Pope and Hillary Clinton are standing on the stage in Yankee Stadium in front of a huge crowd... The Pope leans in toward Hillary and says "Do you know that with one wave of my hand I can make every person in this crowd go wild with joy?" This joy will not be fleeting or momentary, in fact it will go deep into their hearts and they will forever remember this day and rejoice.  Hillary replies "I seriously doubt that! With one wave of your hand?..Show me!"  The Pope then backhands her right off the stage and the crowd goes wild. 
What does Donald Trump do when he sees a mathematical problem? He builds a wall around it.
Looks like Trump is going to lose the presidency I guess his erection is going cost him the election
A mosquito bit Hillary Clinton the other day... It was later found to have hit itself in the back of the head with a fly swatter.
George Bush, Dick Cheney and Donald Trump die in a plane crash They go up to the pearly gates to be judged. Each of them finds himself standing in front of a huge oak door. Then a voice booms out, "George Bush, you have led a sinful life, now this will be your punishment throughout all eternity."  They Bush's door creaks open and an ugly old witch comes out, grabs Bush, and drags him off.  Next, the voice booms out: "Dick Cheney, you have led a sinful life, now this will be your punishment throughout all eternity." Cheney's door creaks slowly open, and a really hideously ugly old hag comes out. She grabs Cheney, gives an evil cackle, and drags him off.  So now Trump is standing there by himself, wondering what's in store for him, when he spots a keyhole in his door. He looks through the door and sees Kim Kardashian.  Suddenly the voice booms out: "Kim Kardashian, you have led a sinful life..."
A Democrat and a Republican are launched into Earth's orbit on a mission dubbed "Progress" ... The mission director starts to get worried after the astronauts fail to respond after a few days, and decides to contact the monitoring team.  "Check their vitals!"  The astronauts are certainly alive, but don't seem to be moving.  "Check their brain activity!"  The astronauts are certainly conscious, but don't seem to be thinking.  "Check their vocal patterns!"  The astronauts are certainly talking, but don't seem to be getting along whatsoever.  Having no way of communicating or returning them to Earth, this continues for several more years until one of them responds.  "What the hell have you been doing up there all these years?!  You're supposed to be working on the Progress mission!" the director shouts into the intercom.  "Progress?" the confused astronaut asks.  "I thought this was Congress!"       
What oil does Trump use in his cooking? Rapeseed oil
Trump couldn't have groped women that much Not with hands that small.
Three contractors are bidding to fix a broken fence at the White House in Washington D.C. One from Bangladesh , another from India and the third, from China. The Bangladesh contractor takes out a tape measure and does some measuring, then works some figures with a pencil. "Well", he says, "I figure the job will run about $900. ($400 for materials, $400 for my team and $100 profit for me)".   The Chinese contractor also does some measuring and figuring, then says, "I can do this job for $700. ($300 for materials, $300 for my team and $100 profit for me)".   The Indian contractor doesn't measure or figure, but leans over to the White House official and whispers, "$2,700."   The official, outraged says, "You didn't even measure like the other guys! How did you come up with such a high figure?"   The Indian contractor whispers back, "$1000 for me, $1000 for you, and we hire the guy from China to fix the fence"
So I went to a Trump Rally It was not the fart contest I expected...
Why did Obama serve 2 terms? Because blacks always get a longer sentence.
What's the difference between Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump? Trump is winning!
Brazil's congress. thats the joke, folks...
Why Won't Monica Lewinski vote for Hillary? The last Clinton left a bad taste in her mouth
Where does Obama keep his armies? In the Baracks.
what is in common between h.clinton and ronda rousey? they both won the popular vote
My friend was named Donald Trump Shitstain. He thought his name was disgusting... So he changed it to Bob Shitstain.
Have you heard about Alec Baldwin's impersonation of Trump? parody's nutz
A schoolboy rescues President Trump A schoolboy walking home from school see Donald Trump* drowning in a pond. He dives him and saves him.  The president* is very grateful and offers him a gift as a reward.  "All I want is a wheelchair" says the boy.  “A wheelchair? Why do you need a wheelchair?” the president asks.   “Well,” the boy explains, “when my old man finds out I rescued you from drowning, he's gonna break both my legs.”  *(Edit: This is a joke. Replace name of President you don't like for taste). 
What do Gen. Flynn and a picture of Che' have in common? Democrats want to frame and hang both.
If republicans say liberal = libtard Then i guess republican = retard
What's the difference between an old vending machine and congress? One accepts change but not dollars, the other accepts dollars but not change
Whats the dofference between congress and a vending machine One accepts change but doesn't give dollars, one accepts dollars but doesn't give change
Why couldn’t Donald Trump properly hang himself? Because he used fake noose for the knot
What do you call a Hillary supporter? A journalist.﻿
Donald trump is placing a ban on telecommunications from the middle east... It's called the teleban
A new survey shows that 99% of Americans dislike Donald Trump I knew Trump was a part of the 1%.
I share the same views as Donald Trump. We're both 6'1.
Trump: Send nudes Kim: You mean nukes? Trump: Sorry, I sent that to the wrong Kim
Did you hear about the guy who threw a tree at Donald Trump? He missed; I guess you really can't stump the Trump.
My fiancee doesn't think jokes about drone strikes are funny. Personally I find them Hillaryous.
Donald Trump was born a year after Hitler died. I now believe in reincarnation.
Donald Trump loses the election and suffers a nervous breakdown. After he recovers, he buys a farm and starts to raise animals to relax.    Rosie O'Donnell decides to go visit him.  She arrives at the farm and sees the Donald walking a sheep on a leash.  Donald walks up to her and says, "I'd like to introduce you to this pig."  Rosie says, "That's not a pig, that's a sheep"  The Donald replies, "I know, that's who I was talking to"
What happens when you give Donald Trump Viagra? He gets taller.
Hillary and trump Hillary &amp; Trump go into a bakery shop.    As soon as they enter the bakery, Trump steals three pastries and puts them in his pocket.    He says to Hillary: “See how clever I am? The owner didn’t even see anything, and I don’t even need to lie. I will definitely win the election.”   Hillary says to Donald: “That’s the typical dishonesty you have displayed throughout your entire life, trickery and deceit. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same 3 pastries without stealing or lying, and also prove that I am much clever than you!”   Hillary goes to the owner of the bakery and says: “Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick?” Intrigued, the owner accepts Hillary’s offer and gives her a pastry. Hillary swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives her another one. Then Hillary asks for a third pastry and eats that, too.   By this time, the owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks: “What did you do with the pastries?”   Hillary replies: “Look in Donald’s pockets!!"
I don't understand why Trump is upset by his small hands. At least his can fit in a Pringle can
A biker is passing the zoo when he sees a little girl leaning into the lion’s cage. Suddenly, the lion grabs her by the cuff of her jacket and tries to pull her inside to slaughter her under the eyes of her screaming parents.  The biker jumps off his bike, runs to the cage and hits the lion square on the nose with a powerful punch. Whimpering from the pain the lion jumps back, letting go of the girl, and the biker brings her to her terrified parents, who thank him endlessly.  A New York Times reporter has watched the whole event. The reporter says, “Sir, this was the most gallant and brave thing I saw a man do in my whole life.” The biker replies, “Why, it was nothing, really, the lion was behind bars. I just saw this little kid in danger, and acted as I felt right.”  The reporter says, “Well, I’m a journalist from the New York Times, and tomorrow’s paper will have this story on the front page… so, what do you do for a living and what political affiliation do you have?”  The biker replies, “I’m a U.S. Marine and a Republican.”  The following morning the biker buys The New York Times to see if it indeed brings news of his actions, and reads, on the front page:  “U.S. MARINE ASSAULTS AFRICAN IMMIGRANT AND STEALS HIS LUNCH.”
The American Medical Association has weighed in on Trump's proposed health care package to replace Obama-Care. The Allergists were in favor of scratching it but the Dermatologists advised not to make any rash moves and while the Gastroenterologists had sort of a gut feeling about it, the Neurologists thought the Administration had a lot of nerve.    Meanwhile, Obstetricians felt certain that everyone was laboring under a misconception while the Ophthalmologists considered the idea shortsighted. Pathologists yelled, "Over my dead body!" so  the Pediatricians said, "Oh, grow up!" In addition, the Psychiatrists thought the whole idea was madness but the Radiologists could see right through it.    Surgeons decided to wash their hands of the whole thing but the Internists claimed it would be a bitter pill to swallow and while the Plastic Surgeons opined that this proposal would "put a whole new face on the matter, Podiatrists thought it was a step forward and the Urologists were pissed off at the whole idea.    Finally, the Anesthesiologists thought the whole idea was a gas, but those lofty Cardiologists didn't have the heart to say no.   In the end would you believe,  the Proctologists won and left the entire decision to those assholes in Washington
They're wrong when they say Trump is promoting inequality. In a nuclear war everyone is cremated equally.
I used to be part of a group of young democrats who held their meetings in a cave... but I left - too much of an echo chamber.
what Melania Trump has been doing since becoming first lady? Finding the Easter Bunny in the white house.
Trump supporters determined to hack berniesanders.com They're just waiting for their GED results to come in, so they can operate their computers.
What is Donald Trump's idea of an "employee discount"? Waived fees at a slave auction.
You know what's Obama doing right now? He's Havana good time (sorry)
As a non-US-redditor I don't understand why right-wing gun nuts don't get along better with left-wing SJWs... ...they both seem to love triggers so much.
Why did the republican cross the road? To keep society in the stone age.
If Hillary Clinton wants to give everything away for free, she better give us all free super cars. You catch my drift, mate? EDIT: The premise of the joke isn't really focused around politics. But Reddit likes to point out what always appears to be the obvious.
Donald Trump slipping in the polls faster than a fraternity at a Rohypnol factory.
Angry after the primary season, Jeb Bush had sex with a hooker, hoping to give her gonorrhea... Please clap.
Donald Trump That's the joke
Hillary Clinton decided to withdraw her campaign and become a shepherd. She's now known as Crooked Hillary.
What is the similarity between Hillary Clinton and a fruit? Bill Maher would blow both.
One thing Trump will be bad for is the gun industry. No one can beat Obama when it comes to pushing firearm sales.
How come Donald Trump is on the frontpage of Reddit so much? Its all reposts from Hitler
What is Donald Trump's favorite type of cheese? White American.
From my 10 year old cousin: "Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and Bernie Sanders get in a boat accident. Who survives?" America.
Why is a pirated copy of a Sigourney Weaver film Donald Trump's least favourite movie? It's an Illegal Alien. 
Donald Trump is doing his best to stop global warming He is greatly expanding ICE
What did Trump say to the Tomahawk missiles? "You're fired!" 
What's the difference between Karl Marx and Donald Trump? Trump only advocates the seizing of a *woman's* means of production
President Trump can never finish a book He always gets stuck in chapter 11
A Trump supporter is glad the election is finally over &amp; can go back to watching his favorite show on MSNBC...  he can now keep up with how his cousin, brother, &amp; wife are doing while watching Lockup: Wichita.
What did the Russian intelligence officer say after he snuck into the White House? We're in like Flynn. 
Why did Donald Trump go to Ikea? Because he was having trouble putting together his new cabinet.
Why does Putin love Trump so much? Because the Russians love a good joke
Donald Trump promised to make this the most special, memorable, yuge bigly Day ever, better than any other day He said it shall be known as "Precedence day!"
Trump gets a prostate exam Trump: So where are my prostitutes?  Doctor: This is a PROSTATE exam  Trump: Do I still get a golden shower?  Doctor: NO, now bend over. This will only take a few seconds   *Trump bends over. Doctor proceeds to put his finger up Trump's asshole*  Doctor: Interesting...  Trump: What's wrong, Doc? Don't tell me... Cancer?   Doctor: No, I just found it interesting that with your strict immigration policy and your extreme vetting, that you would have AT LEAST ran a background check on me. If you had you would have found out that I am in fact NOT a real doctor. Yet you let me, a complete stranger who you've NEVER met before finger your asshole. I just gotta ask... why?  Trump: I wanted to have sex with Vladimir, so I figured PUTIN a finger up my ass was the next best thing
BREAKING NEWS: Lil Wayne comes out in support of Trumps' Wall No Ceilings!
Donald Trump didn't get to eat his waffles for breakfast. He turned into Donald Frump.
Hillary Clinton could be become our first F president. I'd say female, but she lost the email.
Donald Trump, Barack Obama and George Bush were all killed in an explosion during Trump's inauguration and wound up in front of the Pearly Gates together.  Martin Luther King, Ronald Reagan and Jesus were waiting.  MLK signaled to President Obama to follow him.  RR signaled President Bush to follow him.  And Jesus signaled to President Trump to follow him.  Presidents Obama and Bush looked at each other, very much surprised, all things considered, that Jesus would take special interest in President Trump.  "So what's going on?" they asked.  "Ah yes, that's simple.  Jesus decided to avoid Twitter altogether and escort Trump personally to HELL   
Trump will be the first White president to my 7 year old Just kidding I'm Canadian Got'em
A rave is being thrown at the White House tonight inauguration of the new President ft. DJ Trump
What do Donald Trump and Forest Gump have in common? They both are really good at running. 
Did you know Donald Trump only had two moods? Pissed off and pissed on.
What good did the Trump administration do for the American public? Public health. With all the marches Trump triggers, the average American person has never been more fit
Why did Steve Bannon call Trump supporters working-class hobbits? Because they're friends with grand wizards.
Oprah and Hilary have a backup plan if trump wins The catcher in the rye is going to be featured in Oprah's book club
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton survive a capsized boat. Who drowns? The boat.
Why are Republicans so insistent on a war in the Middle East? Because its good Christian values to invade the Middle East.
I love Christmas lights. They remind me of the people who voted for Obama. They all hang together; half of them don't work, and the ones that do, aren't all that bright.
Trump visits the Queen. While visiting England after his election victory, Donald Trump is invited to tea with the Queen. He asks her what her leadership philosophy is. She says that it is to surround herself with intelligent people.  Trump asks how she knows if they're intelligent.  "I do so by asking them the right questions," says the Queen. "Allow me to demonstrate."  Trump watches as the Queen phones David Cameron and says, "Mr. Prime Minister, please answer this question: your mother has a child, and your father has a child, and this child is not your brother or sister. Who is it?"  David Cameron responds, "It's me, ma'am."  "Correct. Thank you and good-bye, sir," says the Queen. She hangs up and says, "Did you get that, Mr. Trump?"  Trump nods: "Yes ma'am. Thanks a lot. I'll definitely be using that!"  Trump, upon returning to Washington, decides he'd better put his entourage to the test. Trump summons to-be Vice-President Mike Pence to the White House and says, "Tell me Mike, I wonder if you can answer a question for me."  "Why, of course, sir. What's on your mind?"  Trump poses the question: "Well, your mother has a child, and your father has a child, and this child is not your brother or your sister. Who is it?"  Pence hems and haws and finally asks, "Can I think about it and get back to you?"  Trump agrees, and Pence leaves. He immediately calls a meeting of other senior Republican senators, and they puzzle over the question for several hours, but nobody can come up with an answer. Finally, in desperation, Pence calls Rex Tillerson at the State Department and explains his problem.  "Now lookee here, son, your mother has a child, and your father has a child, and this child is not your brother or your sister. Who is it?"  Tillerson answers immediately, "It's me, of course."  Much relieved, Pence rushes back to the White House, finds Donald Trump, and exclaims, "I know the answer, sir! I know who it is! It's Rex Tillerson!"  And Trump replies in disgust, "Of course not, dumbass! It's David Cameron!"  EDIT: Yup, I know it's a Bush joke. And I know that Theresa May is current PM. But come on, isn't the joke much better with David Cameron?
Why doesn't Trump want to release his tax returns? HUUUUUGE write offs for plastic bed sheets. 
What's Donald Trump's favorite sport, according to CNN? Dodgeball.
What does Bill Clinton say to Hillary after sex? "I'll be home in 20"
A Few Days Ago, Former Prime Minister Mori Was Given Some Basic English Conversation Training Before He Visits Washington And Meets President Donald Trump... The Instructor Told Mori, When You Shake Hands With President Trump, Please Say 'How are you?'. Then Mr. Trump Would Say, 'I Am Fine, And You?' Now, You Should Say 'Me Too'. Afterwards the translators Will Do The Work For You.  It Looks Quite Simple, But The Truth Is...  When Mori Met Trump, He Mistakenly Said 'Who are you?' (Instead Of 'How are you?'.)  Mr. Trump Was A Bit Shocked But Still Managed To React With Humor: 'Well, I'm Melania's Husband, Ha-Ha...'  Then Mori Replied 'Me Too, Ha-Ha....’  Then There Was A Long Silence In The Meeting Room 
I thought the Left would be more tolerant of President Trump... He just transitioned.
It's not that Trump is a traitor. He's an "alternative patriot."  
An illegal immigrant, a radical Muslim Jihadist, and President Trump were walking together on a beach.... An illegal immigrant, a radical Muslim Jihadist, and President Trump were walking together on a beach in Florida when the illegal stumbled over a bottle in the sand. The immigrant picked up the bottle, rubbed the sand off it, and a genie appeared. “I can only grant three wishes,” the genie said. “Since there are three of you, you may have a wish each.” Pointing at the illegal immigrant, he said, “Since you found the bottle, you may have the first wish.” The illegal immigrant said, “This country is racist against my people! I wish to take every illegal immigrant back to their homeland with a wall 1000 feet high to exclude everyone else, then we can finally be happy and live in peace!” The genie clapped his hand and the illegal immigrant was transported to his homeland along with millions of “his” people inside a 1000 foot wall.   Turning to the Jihadist, the genie asked, “And what is your wish?”  The radical Muslim Jihadist said, “This country is bigoted against those who practice Sharia Law! I wish to take all of my people away from this horrible place loaded with infidels so we can live in a theocracy in Islamic countries and serve Allah inside a 10,000 foot wall.  The genie clapped his hands and the jihadist, along with every other Radical Muslim in the country, was instantly transported to the Middle East inside their wall. Turning to President Trump, the genie asked, “And what is your wish?” "Fill them both with water."   
Some newspapers and celebs have compared Trump to Hitler... Nazi's are outraged.
Did you know that Trump is writing a book? It's called "My Struggle"
TIL there are 189 countries NOT affected by President Trumps Extreme Vetting Executive Order. I guess 7 isn't that bad.
Of course Republicans would never tamper with voting computers... Computers are complex and logical
Why won't Derek Zoolander vote for Hillary Clinton? Because he can't turn left.
Why was the Trump voter arrested for shoplifting? Their supply list told them to "jackboots."
I just uncovered irrefutable evidence pointing to Hillary Clinton's involvement in the Benghazi attack I must share this because the American people have the right to kn
Why did Trump retract claims that George Soros was behind the paid protestors that have taken to the streets since his inauguration? He was jealous that Soros had created more jobs than he had.
My girlfriend said we should try the new Trump sex position Its where she builds a wall between us.
How does Donald Trump change a light bulb? He reaches up, holds the bulb, stays still and waits for the world to revolve around him. 
What do Donald Trump and killer whales have in common? Both see everybody in black-and-white, and will thrash to death any blonde girl they get their teeth on.
Trump writing a term paper: Sources Cited: 1. You know it 2. I know it 3. We all know it 
If Hillary Clinton wins in 2016, It will be the first time that two presidents have had sex with each other
Donald Trump is the Anti-Christ Open your eyes people, under that abomination he calls hair is the sign 666!
Bernie Sanders again topped in campaign contributions with most of donations being small contributors... Leave it to a fuckin' jew to rob poor plebs of all their money!
I'm not a fan of Trump, but I'd never denigrate his supporters If you're a Trump supporter, denigrate means to put down. 
Donald Trump, Barack Obama, The Pope and a small Mexican kid were on a plane Donald Trump, Barack Obama, The Pope and a small Mexican kid were on a plane, the plane was plummeting and was going to crash into a building.    There were only 3 parachutes. "I'm the greatest man here, I'll take a parachute" said Obama. "I'm the smartest man in here so I'll take a parachute" said Trump. They both grabbed their parachutes and lept out of the plane.    The pope said to the young boy. "Go ahead son, take the parachute". The boy replied "It's alright, the smartest man in the world just took my school bag." 
Why does Trump golf so much? Because it's harder to wiretap a golf course.
What does Donald Trump and a pornstar have in common? They are both experts at switching positions in front of a camera.
Today, the New England Patriots visited the White House to be recognized for their Super Bowl victory. In other news, Hillary Clinton invited the Atlanta Falcons over for a "Not my Super Bowl Champs" cookout.
How can you tell Trump is lying? His thumbs are moving!
I heard President Trump is a really good COD player. Apparently he can tomahawk from across the map on command.
The Song "Trumpets" from Jason derulo should be renamed To "Diary of a stalker "
What's Trump's favorite Drink? A white Russian
What is the fist thing Trump will say after he leaves office. I am innocent i swear! 
Trump knew about foreign ties They were made in China. 
What kind of light makes the best US president? A blinkin' light
What did Melania Trump say to her speech writer? Thanks, Obama.
What's the difference between Hillary's e-mails and the UK leaving the EU? Hillary got off Scott-free.
If Trump and Hilary were stuck on a desert island, who would survive? America
What is Donald Trump's favourite Olympics event? Fencing.
In answer to the question "would you have sex with bill Clinton" 87 percent of Americans responded No. Not again 
Donald Trump buys a stake in reddit [this punchline has been removed]
What is Hillary's newest election slogan? "Rigged, for her pleasure."
What's Trump's favorite place to shop? *Wall-Mart*  ^^pls ^^no ^^kill ^^I ^^came ^^up ^^with ^^this ^^at ^^2 ^^in ^^the ^^morning
What does Donald Trump say to Melania after sex? I am just visiting my daughter. Ill be home soon.
Why should Trumpie men and Trumpie women be held in equal contempt? What's good for the goosestepper is good for the gander.
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are on a sinking boat, who survives ? America 
I'm sick and tired of those who say Hillary has no great accomplishments....  I would say staying out of prison for the crimes she committed in the last four decades is a great accomplishment.﻿
Why does Donald Trump hate pre shredded cheese? He wants to make America grate again.
Why is the Pentagon hesitant to give Trump the nuclear code? They're afraid he's gonna lose it
What do you get when you cross Donald Trump with a Holocaust Denier? Fake jews. 
Whats Michelle Obamas Favorite Vegetable? Barack-oli
What do folks on Wall Street call President Trump’s tax bill? A write off passage.
The Trump administration is criticizing the media for releasing a video of the president hanging himself. It was, of course, fake noose.
What do you get if you catch Trumps toupee on fire? A flaming hot cheeto
I wish our Congress was made up of vending machines So they would accept change
What is Donald Trump's favorite way to hold a barbell? Snatch Grip
What do a thong and Donald Trump's toupee have in common? They both barely cover an asshole.
Liberals are acting like Trump is going to kill all the gays, make slavery legal again, and take away women's rights.... Like he's a Muslim or something.............
Trump's nothing like Hitler There's no way he could write a book
Trump was in Egypt claiming he brought peace to the Middle East. He was in de Nile
Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and Ted Cruz are left on a deserted island, Who survives? America.
I hate those people who use Donald Trump for their silly jokes. It is so dumb, even dumber than Donald Trump.
This is probably a repost, but: Donald Trump, a Mexican, and a Arab man are on a plane The plane begins going down due to too much weight. They quickly agree that they need to drop some weight. The Arab walks to the door and says "we have too many of these in my country" and throws off AK-47s  The Mexican says "we have too many of these in my country" and throws off some burritos        Donald Trump says "we have too many of these in my country" and pushes the Mexican and the Arab out of the plane            
When asked if he and Putin were two sides of the same coin Trump replied... What's a coin?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and love? You can't buy love
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a life boat in the middle of the ocean. They must fight to death.  Who lives?  (spoiler) America!!! (/spoiler)
Harrison Ford, Dolly Parton, and the U.S. congress are all signed on to do a movie together... ...It's called "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Boobs"
"I hear Donald Trump is watching the olympics tonight... He's seeing how high the Mexican pole vaulters can go." -Gary Johnson
Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders, and a young girl all board a small plane... Midway through the flight, the pilot has a stroke and the plane starts to go down. There are only three parachutes on board and the four passengers quickly discuss who of them will take them.  Immediately the Donald says, "I'm the first human orange to be nominated for president, I should be given the chance to live!" He quickly grabs the first chute, slings it on his back, and hops out of the plane.  Before anyone can say anything, Hillary runs her arm through a shoulder strap and says, "I must be given the opportunity to live. I'm the smartest lady in the world and my people need me." Without a moment of hesitation she leaps out of the aircraft.  At this point, the plane is beginning to dive. Bernie is in complete shock and horror. He looks out the door after them and begins, "Listen, we don't have much time left. I've lived a long and happy life and I want the same for you. You go ahead and take the last-..." but he stops when he turns to see a timid smile on the little girl's face. "What is it?" he asks her.  With a giggle she replies, "Mr. Sanders, we can both use parachutes. The smartest lady in the world just took my backpack."
Why should rednecks NOT vote for Trump? Because Trump wants to build a wall, and a wall is what killed Dale Earnhardt. 
My dad was trying to tell me that Republicans want liberty and justice for their rear ends His exact words were "their pro-states rights"
What is Donald Trump's favorite song? Wonderwall Mexican cover
What's the difference between Hillary and a paper shredder? I can actually stand listening to the noises a paper shredder makes. 
Trump Tower and Michael Phelps Between Michael Phelps and Trump Tower, it has been the biggest week for suction cups in the history of mankind.
What do strippers and Hillary Clinton have in common? They rely too much on polls
Mike Pence, Rudy Giuliani, and Donald Trump landed in the Land of Oz... Mike Pence: I'm going to ask the Wizard for a heart!  Rudy Giuliani: I'm going to ask the Wizard for a brain!  Donald Trump: (looking around the area) Where's Dorothy?
Trump and Hillary are in a plane crash. Who survives? America
Hillary Clinton says to the Devil, "What happened? You promised me that I'd win the election?" The Devil replies, "Yeah, and you promised me a soul."
Trump didn't lie when he said Mexico was going to pay for the wall... by securing his win, Mexico will start building to keep the Americans out of their country.
Can I send Clinton an email about how angry I am with her for losing against an oafish moron? Or will she just delete it?
Despite all the flak the public gives him, Trump has already solved the immigration problem in just a few days after becoming President-elect Just ask yourself, who would want to sneak into America now?  
TFW you wake up and Trump is elected president Going back to sleep now.
Trump is going to take out these mexicans... juan by juan.
Condom bursts are like Hillary Clinton's e-mails. You can try to neclect it, but everybody knows it's yours.
How did Trump grab victory? By the pussy
The stock market has rebounded solidly since the news of Trump's win ...led by the surging coathanger manufacturing sector.
I ran into Donald Trump on other day He looked pretty flat when looked in my rear view mirror.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar. Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says, "The media is really tearing you apart for that Scandal."  * Hillary: "You mean my lying about Benghazi?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "You mean the massive voter fraud?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "You mean the military not getting their votes counted?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "Using my secret private server with classified material to Hide my Activities?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything Else?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, Hiring Cronies, And taking bribes from foreign countries?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "You mean the drones being operated in our own country without The Benefit of the law?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it Declared Bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?" * Trump: "No the other one:" * Hillary: "Turning Libya into chaos?" * Trump: "No the other one:" * Hillary: "Being the mastermind of the so-called “Arab Spring” that only brought chaos, death and destruction to the Middle East and North Africa?" * Trump: "No the other one:" * Hillary: "Leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi?" * Trump: "No the other one:" * Hillary: "Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?" * Trump: "No the other one:" * Hillary: "The funding and arming of terrorists in Syria, the destruction and destabilization of that nation, giving the order to our lapdogs in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to give sarin gas to the "moderate" terrorists in Syria that they eventually used on civilians, and framed Assad, and had it not been for the Russians and Putin, we would have used that as a pretext to invade Syria, put a puppet in power, steal their natural resources, and leave that country in total chaos, just like we did with Libya? * Trump: "No the other one:" * Hillary: "The creation of the biggest refugees crisis since WWII?" * Trump: "No the other one:" * Hillary: "Leaving Iraq in chaos? " * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "The DOJ spying on the press?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 Months Later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "The NSA monitoring citizens' ?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "You mean the INSIDER TRADING of the Tyson chicken deal I did where I invested $1,000 and the next year I got $100,000?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "You mean when Bill met with Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, just before my hearing with the FBI to cut a deal?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: " You mean the one where my IT guy at Platte River Networks asked Reddit for help to alter emails?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "You mean where the former Haitian Senate President accused me and my foundation of asking him for bribes?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "You mean that old video of me laughing as I explain how I got the charges against that child rapist dropped by blaming the young girl for liking older men and fantasizing about them. Even though I knew the guy was guilty? * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "You mean that video of me coughing up a giant green lunger into my drinking glass then drinking it back down?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "You mean that video of me passing out on the curb and losing my shoe?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "You mean when I robbed Bernie Sanders of the Democratic Party Nomination by having the DNC rig the nomination process so that I would win?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "You mean how so many people that oppose me have died in mysterious was?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "Travel Gate? When seven employees of the White House Travel Office were fired so that friends of Bill and mine could take over the travel business? And when I lied under oath during the investigation by the FBI, the Department of Justice, the White House itself, the General Accounting Office, the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, and the Whitewater Independent Counsel?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "The scandal where, (while I was Secretary if State), the State Department signed off on a deal to sell 20% of the USA's uranium to a Canadian corporation that the Russians bought, netting a $145 million donation from Russia to the Clinton Foundation and a $500,000 speaking gig for Bill from the Russian Investment Bank that set up the corporate buyout?. That scandal?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "That time I lied when I said I was under sniper fire when I got off the plane in Bosnia?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "That time when after I became the First Lady, I improperly requested a bunch of FBI files so I could look for blackmail material on government insiders?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "That time when Bill nominated Zoe Baird as Attorney General, even though we knew she hired illegal immigrants and didn't pay payroll taxes on them?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "When I got Nigeria exempted from foreign aid transparency guidelines despite evidence of corruption because they gave Bill a $700,000 in speaking fees?" * Trump" "No, the other one." * Hillary: "That time in 2009 when Honduran military forces allied with rightist lawmakers ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya, and I as then-Secretary of State sided with the armed forces and fought global pressure to reinstate him?" * Trump: "No, the other one." * Hillary: "I give up! ... Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware, when Bill left Office?" * Trump: "THAT'S IT! I almost forgot about that one".﻿  This is of cause pure fiction - Hillary wouldn't be able to walk into a bar by her own!
Today my dad and I were talking about hilary clinton potentially becoming president... And my dad said, people don't like hilary because she's secretive.  And I said, what woman isn't?  *M I Rite?*
Trump and Hilary are in a plane, and the plane crashes.Who survive ? America
My Grandmother and her friends are most likely going to vote for Hillary Clinton... It's a shame. They've been dead for 15 years
Donald trump -A big earthquake with the strength of 8.1 on the Richter scale hits the Middle East.  -Two million Muslims die and over a million are injured.  -Iraq, Iran and Syria are totally ruined and the governments don't know where to start with providing help to rebuild.  -The rest of the world is in shock.  -Britain is sending troops to help keep the peace.  -Saudi Arabia is sending oil &amp; monetary assistance.  -Latin American countries are sending clothing.  -New Zealand and Australia are sending sheep, cattle and food crops.  -The Asian countries are sending labor to assist in rebuilding the infrastructure.  -Canada is sending medical teams and supplies.  -President Trump, not to be outdone, is sending back two million replacement Muslims. 
The moon landings looked more realistic than Hillary's rally last week. And those were faked with 1960s technology.
If Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton get in a car accident, who would be saved? America.
Bristol Palin called those who continue objecting to Trump "sissies". She was going to call them "pussies" but Trump had already grabbed that one.  
Congratulations Hilary Clinton on her new job as a professional dominatrix. If you're good enough at choking, you might as well be paid for it.
What’s the difference between Trump and a stripper?  Strippers climb polls.
What's Donald Trump's favorite kind of soup? clan chowder
According to Obama, the $400,000,000 wasn't ransom. I'm waiting for the joke to be over, too.
Donald Trump and Barack Obama go to the same barber... ...and one day, they walk in at the same time. Neither of them acknowledges the other. They both sit down, and have their hair cut at the same time by different barbers. The politicians don't speak, and neither do their barbers, lest the topic of politics come up.  After many minutes of silence, Trump's barber asks him if he wants a shave. Trump replies, "Fine, but skip the aftershave. I don't want my wife smelling me and thinking I've been to a *whorehouse!*"  Soon after, Obama's barber asks him if he would like a shave. Obama answers, "Of course, and go crazy with the aftershave. My wife has never been to a whorehouse, and certainly doesn't know what one *smells* like!"
What is Donald Trump's favorite style of footwear? Flip-Flops
Why is Hillary running for President? Because it's easier than running from the law.
Wanted: A Hillary Clinton Joke My mom asked me for a Hillary Clinton joke after I told her a Donald Trump joke. I couldn't think of any joke. So I sent an e-mail to Hillary Clinton asking for a joke about her. As of this post, she still hasn't responded. I just hope that she didn't delete my e-mail.
It seems those Trump supporters... Have some egg on their faces
Did you hear Mexico agreed to help Donald Trump build his wall? They've gotta keep all those Americans out once Donald gets elected.    Sorry, super liberal grandpa told me this one on Father's day.  Couldn't help but share.
Donald Trump once visited a church in Mexico Jesus took his wheels
Hillary Clinton and her chauffeur are driving along a country road... When all of a sudden they hit a hog, belonging to a local farm. The driver says "I'll go tell them what happened" and leaves for a few hours. When he comes back, his clothes are disheveled, and he's covered in hickeys, and carrying a half-drunk bottle of wine. Clinton asks him "What happened?", to which the driver replies "After telling them what happened, the farmer gave me a bottle of his best wine, his wife and daughters had sex with me, and they sent me off with a thousand dollars cash". Intrigued, Hillary says "Well, what did you tell them?" The driver responds-  "AN ORIGINAL FUCKING JOKE THAT THEY HAVEN'T FUCKING HEARD A MILLION FUCKING TIMES FROM THE SAME FUCKING SUBREDDIT JESUS FUCKING CHRIST PEOPLE HOW HARD IS IT TO JUST NOT UPVOTE LITERALLY THE SAME JOKE ELEVEN TIMES HOW IS STILL FUNNY TO YOU PEOPLE AFTER THE TENTH GODDAMN TIME TODAY"  "Also I said 'I'm Hillary Clinton's driver and I killed the pig'."
Donald Trump wants to ban shredded cheese in the United States. He wants to make America grate again. 
What do Donald Trump and Bill Clinton have in common? Jeffrey Epstein 
Investigating Hillary Clinton is like fishing on Discovery Channel ... you catch them, you show them, and you let them go.
Why are Trump supporters *not* Nazis? When Nazis demanded your papers, they said "please."
Roses are red, violets are blue... Bush did 9/11.
It took Michelle Obama two presidencies to get kids outside... and Nintendo two days.
What will happen when trump enters the white house? It will be the beginning of one of the greatest sitcoms ever.
The only thing that Trump and I can agree on... ...is that I would also date Ivanka if she wasn't his daughter. 
Kentucky Fried Chicken has introduced the new Hillary Bucket. Two large thighs, two small breasts and two left wings. 
What alternative energy does Trump propose? White power
So the American people's choices for President of the United States will most likely be Donald Trump or Hilary Clinton. That's it. That's the joke. There is no punchline.
How does Hillary Clinton change a light bulb? She tells it to quit and change.
If Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton were on a boat, who would survive? Answer: America
Obama doesn't live in a house He lives in a Barack
What do you get if you cross Bill Clinton and Donald Trump? Found in your cell, unresponsive.
Trump and Kim Jong Un had a romantic dinner. On his plane ride home Trump gets kinky and sends Kim voice message in a soft tone:   Send nukes.
Why did Trump's lawyer make Trump step on a rusted nail? So he wouldn't violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
Why doesn’t Hillary Clinton not like Jehovah’s Witnesses? She doesn’t like any witnesses
Bill Clinton Survives Bear Attack (Interview following incident in Yellowstone National Park)  Interviewer: This must have been a terrifying situation Bill. How did you end up face-to-face with a Grizzly?  Bill: Well me and Mrs. Clinton were driving through the park. I saw a couple young ladies walking down a trail and figured I was up for a little hike. Not far down the trail I hear twig snap and look to the right, there stands a huge bear!  Interviewer: That must have startled you, its hard to believe you escaped without a scratch. Could you tell us how you managed to stop the bear from attacking?  Bill: I won't lie, as soon as I saw that bear I colasped in fear and curled up there on the ground. The bear stood over me so close I could feel his hot breath on my neck. And then in a low growl he whispered, "Alright Bill, want to get anything off your chest before I eat you?"  Interviewer: Incredible! How did you respond?  Bill: There was a moment of silence as I thought and finally I said "Yeah bear, I got to confess to some of the dirty rotten things Hillary and I did."   Interviewer: And how did the bear respond?  Bill: He didn't. It was the craziest thing, I looked up and he was laying their dead. Even crazier, park ranger that did the official investigation said he committed suicide.
What did trump say after someone explained the Holocaust? Fake juice! That’s no hollandaise sauce!
Bush, Obama, and Trump go on a hunting trip. Their hunting guide instructs them to find and follow tracks and they should be able to find their quarry.   Bush follows some tracks and gets a bear. Obama follows some tracks and gets a deer.   Trump follows some tracks and gets hit by a train. 
Trump's Plan... Maybe Trump's real plan is to make Americans so intolerable that the rest of the world doesn't want to cross America's borders.
Why does Trump think the food stamps program is unnecessary? Because he's constantly providing us with low hanging fruit.
Trump &amp; Trudeau Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau were we discussing politics when Donald leans in close and says:  Donald: You know Justin, if the US were a Dictatorship I would be a Dictator.  Justin: Yea, I suppose so Donald.  Donald: And you know if the US were a Monarchy I would be a Monarch.  Justin: That's also true Don, but I hate to break it to you, the US is a Country.
I'm actually surprised with Trump's cabinet picks... I would have him expected to think that secretaries were just females
So Donald Trump has appointed a new ambassador to China. His name is Bigly Chu.
Donald Trump is TOTALLY about diversity... ...after all, he's Manchurian.
Why does Donald Trump Insist on being orange? So he will never have to say I'mpeach. 
Why will Trump and his advisers fight the overturning of his 'Travel Ban'? Because they are in the Reich.
I like one thing in Trump And that is rum.
How many Trump supporters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None.  They would hire an illegal immigrant do it for them, then have him deported when he asks for his money.
Donald Trump proposes a wall around the winter Olympics "Its gonna be luge!"
Crazy how Hillary Clinton could possibly be our first F President... I would've said Female President but someone deleted the emale. 
If Trump replaces Obama as president, Orange will be the new Black. 
Monica Lewinsky is voting for Donald Trump Monica Lewinsky is voting for Donald Trump in the 2016 Presidential Election, because the last time a Clinton was in office, it left a bad taste in her mouth.
Hillary and Donald are out in a rowboat. The boat capsizes. Who get saved? The United States of America
I knew Donald Trump was a bro as soon as I knew his taste in music. We both love The Wall.
Clinton is so crooked... She needs a Kaine for support.   (Credit to: /u/medically)
What's Donald Trump's favourite day of the year? 1st April - everything's fake news. 
Why did the libertarian cross the road? None of your damn business. Am I being detained?
USPS releases a stamp with Trump's picture The US Postal Services releases a stamp with a picture of President Trump. But the new stamp was not sticking to envelopes. This enraged the President, who demanded a full investigation.   After weeks of testing and $1.73 million in congressional spending, a special Presidential commission presented the following findings:   The stamp is in perfect order. There is nothing wrong with the adhesive. The fact is, people are spitting on the wrong side.
(90's Dictator Joke) So Clinton, Blair and Mubarak are playing ball in Egypt They kick the ball and it falls into the crocodile-infested Nile. Clinton says, "Not to worry, one of our marines will get it back", and he asks a marine to go get it. The Marine sees the crocodiles fighting each other and says, "Sorry, I have a family and kids I want to raise". So Tony Blair goes, "No worries, one of our Special Forces will grab it for us", and he asks one to go get it. He tells him, "Sorry, I have a family and kids I want to raise". So Mubarak tells a soldier to jump in the Nile and get it. The soldier jumps without hesitation, he fights the crocodiles and almost gets killed but manages to bring the ball back to shore. Amazed, Clinton and Blair run to him and ask why he threw himself into the Nile when asked. He says, "I have a family and kids I want to raise".
I played Donald Trump in Uno. He was so easy to beat, for a man all about winning he should learn to stop taking all the green cards. 
The Trumps are in the Presidential helicopter..  "I'll throw out 4 one hundred dollar bills and make 4 people happy" says Baron. "I'll throw out 2 one hundred dollar bills and make 2 people happy"says Melania. "I'll throw out a one hundred bill and make 1 person happy" says Trump The pilot turns around and says "I'll throw the President out and make the whole country happy"
Hillary is not a female She is just an f, because she deleted the emale. 
When Donald Trump divorces Melania Trump So when Donald Trump goes through his third divorce, Melania Trump will get to keep half of everything, including the White House, right?
Donald Trump has it all. A golden penthouse, a golden toilet, and now a golden shower.
The best part about trump and this Russian deal though... Is saying this title in a Russian accent.
Trump calls Angela Merkel's office... Trump calls Angela Merkel's office. Secretary answers.   Trump: ”What’s the time difference between Washington and Berlin”?     Secretary: ”Just a second, Mr. President…”     Trump: ”Thanks”  &lt;click&gt;
It makes sense that Trump is into golden showers Republicans love trickle down economics 
Chris Christie finally got a job in Trump's administration. He's going to be the border wall.
I won't make another Donald Trump pee-pee joke He already seems to be pretty pissed.
Have you seen Trump's new cabinet? I've seen better built at IKEA...
Trump announces he's stepping down and will be leaving the white house There's only 35 bathrooms and 28 fireplaces 
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Donald Trump? Bill fucked fewer people in the Oval Office.
I asked my Mexican friend if he was upset about Trump's wall... He said, "Eh, I'll get over it."
How will Donald Trump build such a huge wall ​without congressional approval​​? By forcing every Juan to work on it.
I think Hillary Clinton will be the best president. If she couldn't screw Bill, how can she screw America?
Why are there insulting names for liberals like libtard but none for Republicans? Because calling someone a Republican is insulting enough
What's Hillary Clinton's favorite sitcom? Big Bank Theory
What did the Scotsman do to the trumpet plant? He rooted it oot. 
Did you hear about Trump getting Pink Floyd back together? Only problem is, he's gonna make them pay for every brick in the wall.
What's the difference between Harely Quinn and Trump? Harely says puddin,  Trump says putin. 
What is Donald Trump's favourite nation? Discrimination.
What will Trump watch in the evenings now that Bill O'Reilly is gone? Bill will go over and do it live.
Whats the french version of Brexit? adiEU
Why did 19 Trump fans go to the cinema? Because the film was prohibited for under 18s.
Two Hillary supporters go to heaven. Just kidding 
What did both Barack Obama and Donald Trump have in common as winning presidential candidates? A cool catchphrase. 
Donald Trump is looking to paint the White House... Donald Trump is looking to paint the White House. He asks Chinese contractors how much they would charge. They say 3 million. He asks European contractors how much they would charge. They say 7 million. He asks Ecuadorian contractors how much they would charge. They say 10 million.      Trump goes back to the Chinese and asks "why 3 million?" The Chinese say "1 million for the paint, 1 million for the labor, and 1 million profit."      He then goes to the Europeans and asks "why 7 million?" The Europeans reply "2 million for the best quality paint, 3 million for the specialized labor, and 2 million profit"      Trump finally goes to the Ecuadorians and asks "why 10 million?" The Ecuadorians reply, "Mr. Trump, let's sit down and have a talk about sincerity. 3 million for you, 4 million for us, and with the last 3 million we hire the damn Chinese.
Trump called China's move to capture an underwater drone "unpresidented." It wasn't one of his best words.
I always wondered why people don't make very many Donald Trump jokes with Doanld Duck Then I realized Donald Duck is too respected for something that demeaning
What does a democratic magician wear? Appointed Hat.
Why does Donald Trump hate China? They came up with building a wall before he did. 
So Obama's leaving, and Trump is going into office I orange really is the new black.
Someone told me Trump is in bed with Russia. And that someone is Putin it in.
BILL CLINTON'S FAVORITE CARD GAME Q: What is Bill Clinton's favorite card game? A: Poker.
Trump's statement regarding China Trump: "In little over a week when I take office, China will fall into a slump. Factories will shut down, shops will close, stock markets will not trade, and government will grind to a halt.The wealthy will flee overseas with their families, citizens desperately trade their currency for food, doors all across the country will be plastered with red notices and the empty streets will reek of lingering gunpowder. The people, with nothing to do will turn to day-long drinking and gambling. Children will roam the streets begging for money. So sad."        &amp;nbsp;    China foreign ministry: "That's Chinese New Year, dumbass."
I think Trump might be the guy to turn the US around... But I fear his next move will be to bend it over.
Donald Trump and Mike Pence are on a plane... Suddenly Mike Pence says "I can throw 100 dollars out of the plane and make 100 people happy".  Donald says "I can throw 1000 dollars out of the plane and make 1000 people happy".  The pilot over heard this and said, "I can throw both of you out of this plane and make the whole country happy."
Donald Trump goes to the doctor... He says, "Listen doc, i get erections. I get the best erections, they're yuuuuuge, call Sean Hannity, he'll tell you. I'm having issues in the bedroom, presidential bedroom, and I'm falling flat, unlike my poll numbers. Can I get some Viagra?"  The Dr replies, "No, but I can offer you some exercises and herbal remedies to help."   Frustrated, Mr. Trump demands,"What kind of medicine do you practice here?!"   "Alternative medicine."    Edit: added some words and format on mobile   
How do you keep Trump busy for the rest of his term? Tell him his twitter phone is in the corner of his office.
Trump hates saying "yes" to Mexicans so much We may as well call him the "Not Si" President
What is Trump's favorite movie? "Octopussy"
This year, I'm not voting for Trump, Hillary, Jill or Gary I'll be voting for some cheese and together, we can make America *grate* again
The Republican Party has shown its support for the mentally ill by nominating Trump for President! Well, support for at least one of them. (here come the trolls and bots)
You gotta give Trump credit for one thing... At least he killed Trump... oh wait, I was thinking of Hitler, I get them confused, sometim... ok all the time. 
Say what you want about Donald Trump... ...While you still can...
What happens when Donald Trump takes Viagra? He grows taller
Now that Donald Trump having a real shot at the presidency, who is most afraid? ​Every Juan!
Donald Trump has announced that his first action as President will be to reintroduce the Bellamy Salute, not just for the Pledge of Allegiance, but also for the National Anthem and for every Presidential Address.   There'll be *Heil Toupee*.   
Hillary Clinton That's the joke. 
Duterte, Putin, Kim Jong Un and Trump walked into a bar and the world ended...
Breaking - Trump emailed Hillary Clinton his tax returns She just accidentally deleted them.
Will Trump need his supporters after the election? Of course not, he doesn't need one now. Little fingers, remember?
Hillary Clinton goes to a gifted-student primary school in New York to talk about the world. But she told no one because she didn't think it was such a big deal. 
Trump goes to a elementary school As a part of his campaign, Donald Trump has been going around schools. At one elementary school, he was asked to lead the sing along for the kids. He put on a smug face and raised his arms.   "If you're happy and you know it clap your ^^^^hands "
I live in constant fear that Trump will deport my Latina mother-in-law who lives at 324 3rd st. Los Angeles. She gets off at 6.
A aide comes into the Oval Office and says to Trump "Sir, three Brazilian solders were killed in Afghanistan last night."  Trump looks absolutely devastated, nobody's ever seen him like this. He sinks back in his chair, saying OMG over and over.   Then he composes himself and says: "Okay. Just remind me, how many are there in a brazillion?"
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a Republican whose wife is a member of the Kennedy family. That makes him and his family...The Red Kennedys.
What is Donald Trump's Favorite Nut? The wallnut.
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are stranded on an island, who wins? America
What did they call the exhibition of paintings by Democrats? Liberal arts.
How do you get rid of Donald Trump? Open a few doors. Once he feels the draft coming he'll scram.
Trump and Hillary go skiing Trump and Hillary decide to go skiing to decide who will win the presidency. It is decided that whoever reaches the bottom of the hill fastest will be the next president. However, as Hillary reaches the halfway point the ski lift above the slope breaks and chops her head clean off. Her head then rolls down the rest of the slope into a pile of ski equipment.  I guess you could say "she is a head in the poles!"
Why does Donald Trump take women out on his yacht? Because of the implication.
Why is Monica Lewinsky voting Trump? The Clinton's leave a bad taste in her mouth 
A racist, a sexist, a homophobe, and a idiot walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and smiles. "Welcome back, Mr. Trump!" he says. 
Can I just say something about the trump issue? I mean I know to some people it's all just a game but... But no matter how much you argue, a two of spades can still beat any non-spade!
Why is Hillary running for president? Because it's easier than running from law enforcement
If Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are together on a boat in the middle of the ocean and it sinks, who survives? America.
Trump's daughter gave birth today... Who was the father? Kappa NoKappa
How does Donald Trump rile up his constituency at a rally? "Wall Mart workers of the world, unite!!"
Did you know Hilary Clinton is an excellent musician? She plays the lyre really well.
What Do You Call An Arrogant Trumpet Player? A Brass-Hole
What's the difference between Trump and Putin? One is the head of a big country and the other owns two of them.
Steve Jobs would have been a better president than Trump. But I guess comparing apples to oranges is unfair.
President Trump's dismal approval ratings would soar if he dropped sick beats as D.J. Trump. The beats will continue until morale improves. 
I wonder where all the old Bernie Sanders merch is going? The Bern Pile 
Why Trump is the most religious president in United States history? He got ​Every Juan praying!
So Donald Trump is only getting $1 a year as president? You could probably get an immigrant to do a better job for a cheaper price.
Why did Hilary Clinton lose the election? Because she's a woman 
If trump wins I'm moving But can't even move out of the friend zone.
America will suffer if Trump becomes president... You could say we're going toupée for it
Why did Kanye say he would have voted for Donald Trump? 808s &amp; Taxbreaks
Trump has just been debriefed about the aliens in area 51 he wants them deported immediately  
Donald Trump has won the election. We're sorry.
Donald Trump is the President of the United States Until he's impeached
How Donald Trump's meeting with Barack Obama on Thursday will go down: Trump: "Barry, you're fired"
After Obama became president.. 37 million Americans realized that the path was opened for them to also ascend to the presidency.  Hillary was supposed to inspire 160 million people, that they too, could someday reach the Oval Office.  Instead, Donald Trump won the presidency, proving that **literally anyone** can become president. What an inspiration for us all!
All these people are so quick to criticize Melania Trump for wanting to take on cyber bullying when that's something her husband has a problem with But no one criticized Laura Bush for wanting to teach kids how to read
What's the difference between Martin Luther King and Donald Trump? Martin Luther King had a dream and Donald Trump is a nightmare. 
"Is Hillary Clinton gay with Huma Abedin or something?" "Is Hillary Clinton gay with Huma Abedin or something?"   "No I think Hillary is buy-sexual." 
Why Can't you compare Donald Trump to cancer? Because sometimes, you can get rid of cancer.
In Trump's America... Birth controls you. 
Trump, an American middle class citizen and an immigrant are positioned next to a pile of pastries There are 561 pastries in total including but not limited to a variety of strudels, cinnamon rolls, scones and bagels. Trump eats 560 of the baked goods and tells the citizen "Don't worry, I'll make sure that the immigrant won't steal your pastry."
So if Trump gets just 1$ as his salary, does this mean.. he's paid by performance?
If i had a dollar for every time i heard the word trump I would have it on repeat while i slept.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a plane crash, who survives? No one, the was a major gas leak, and someone lit a match, and the plane exploded, killing everyone inside.
Bill Clinton was seeing his counselor... And his counselor asked how Hillary's head was doing with all this e-mail controversy. Bill replied, "Still not as good as Monica's." 
How many Trump campaign managers does it take to change a lightbulb? Hopefully not very many because they keep getting fired.
Where does Donald Trump shop? WALLgreens
Trump says he wants to impose a major tax hike on companies researching the human genome He thinks congress will pass his Yuge Gene Levy
What do you call Donald Trump's campaign? A trumpster fire.
I wonder if Bill Clinton is Jealous... ...because it looks like his wife just got fucked by the head of the FBI.
So Trump walks into a bar... and sees Bill having a drink. "Hey Bill catch me in the news lately? I'm a bigger pervert than you!" Bill chuckles as he goes back to his drink. "Close, but no cigar."
Why did Donald Trump fall asleep on the toilet? He thought he was in a rest room.    From the book: Donald Trump is F**king Goofy
I have figure out the real reason Hillary Clinton has been ill lately. It's because... Bill gave her a big bucket of AIDS after he sexually assaulted her!
Why do Trump supporters enjoy polish people at his rally... so that they can say that their ahead in the Poles.  Polish gram-pa said it.
Why Trump and that lady you sit next to on the plane who asks way too many questions are the same. They are both loud, annoying, fat, barely male, and completely unable to make america great again.
Why doesn't global warming worry Donald Trump? He wants to defeat ices. 
What do Donald Trump and a pumpkin have in common? They're orange on the outside, hollow on the inside and should be tossed out in early November.
Hillary is like the George Washington of 2016. She cannot tell a lie.  
Hillary and Trump are trapped on an island, who survives? Bernie Sanders Not what u were expecting huh?
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb? THE LIGHTBULB IS FINE. THERE IS NO PROBLEM WITH IT. I MADE LIGHTBULBS WITH GOOD MANAGEMENT. LET'S MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
I think Bernie would win for sure if he had served in the military and reached the rank of Colonel And he would be sure to get the black vote. 
We'll all be living better Obama's 2017 new years address:  Obama: I want to say on the behalf of the American government, that we'll all be living better in the new year!  American People: ok, we are happy for you, but what about us?
Did you guys hear that Donald Trump met with the Bilderberg group? They are the Buildawall group now.
Why can't Donald Trump be a Lannister? Because he never pays his debts  
What will be first line in Trump's inaugural address? Suck my dick, peasants.
What do you call a Disney Princess that supports Donald Trump? Snow White Supremacist
Proof: Hillary Clinton Will Be A Great President "She doesn't suck."-Bill Clinton 
President Obama is doing his morning exercises... ...and jogging around the White House grounds when one of the Secret Service agents suggests he should see how fast he can circle the White House ten times. After all, it is a presidential tradition to try it at least once, and being moderately athletic, he figured he'd make pretty good time. So he stands at the south portico with the agent, who counts him down.  "3...2...1...go!"  President Obama takes off. He paces himself, not wanting to exhaust himself too quickly, and dodges gardeners, agents, and groundskeepers all the while. He laps the White House once, twice, three times, never losing speed. Several minutes pass by and as he laps the portico, the Secret Service agent yells out, "One more, Mr. President!"  Obama launches himself into a mad sprint, going for broke and running like he'd never run before. He rounds one corner, then a second, then a third, and finally the last. Sweat is pouring down his face and his heart is pounding.  Finally, he reaches the portico and the agent clicks his stopwatch and hands Obama a cup of water. The president is very out of breath and bracing himself on the pillar, but pleased with himself all the same.  "So, how'd I do?"  The agent checks the stopwatch and says, "Very well, Mr. President. Nine minutes and 23 seconds."  "Really? That has to be a record!"  The agent responds, "Not quite, sir. Bush did 9:11."
What's Trump's favorite Pixar film? WALL-E
If Trump replaces Obama as president, Then it will be the first time a white billionaire moves into government subsidized housing after a black family moved out.   Edit: Billionaire 
I agree with most of Donald Trump's policies, but there's one thing I can't get over. The wall.
What race is Donald Trump? The Mastur Race.
Donald and Hillary are in a bar... Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are sitting in a bar together after their first debate. They've had a couple drinks, and Hillary turns to Donald:  Hillary: Hey, why haven't you shown the Ameri*hic*can people your tax forms? Donald: I *hic* e-mailed them to you! 
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a bowl of uncooked spaghetti? I mean, I just can't tell the difference :|
NSFW: Why would I not vote for Bernie Sanders Because he is BS.
​Arianna Huffington said Donald Trump is not getting enough sleep, so why isn't he getting enough sleep? Apparently not having enough **Melania**tonin at night!
Donald Trump has written a lot of books But they all ended with chapter 11
Donald "Pharmabro" Trump: He wwebsite as on the internet!
If Trump invades South Korea It's going to leave a dark mark on his Seoul.
Wow, Trump is making America great again... Aaron Hernandez is dead, Bill O'Reilly got fired. Trump is actually getting rid of the criminals and rapists!
Trump just lifted the ban on hunting hibernating bears In other words, this gun law says "You have the right to bear" arms. 
What do Democrats and porn stars have in common?     They are experts in switching positions in front of a camera 
Trump yelled out “I want rustlers, cut throats, murderers, bounty hunters, desperados, mugs, pugs, thugs, nitwits, halfwits, dimwits, vipers, snipers, con men, Indian agents, Mexican bandits, muggers, buggerers, bushwhackers, hornswogglers, horse thieves, bull dykes, train robbers, bank robbers, ass-kickers, shit-kickers and Methodists.”  Evidently they are having a Senate meeting this week about NK. 
Despite threatening tweets from Donald Trump, Kraft Foods is moving their operations to Israel. A company name change is also in order. They will henceforth be called Cheeses of Nazareth. 
Trump will do the work of two men when elected... Key &amp; Peel.   Thanks Ronnie Corbett may you rest in piece.
One good thing about Hilary as president. One good thing about having Hilary as president is that we wouldn't have to pay her as much. 
Did you hear about the guy who stumped Trump? Me either.
Donald Trump wants to ban selling pre-shredded cheese... ...he says it will make America grate again.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton get in a car wreck, who survives? America.
When people ask why I have a "Trump 2016" sticker on my car I say it's for safety. When i'm pulled over, it's the quickest way to tell the Cop i'm white.
Hillary Clinton was invited to address a major gathering of the American Indian Nation two weeks ago in upstate New York. She spoke for almost an hour about her plans for increasing every Native American’s present standard of living. She referred to her time as a U.S. Senator and how she had voted for every Native American issue that came to the floor of the Senate.  Although Hillary was vague about the details of her plans, she seemed most enthusiastic and spoke eloquently about her ideas for helping her “red sisters and brothers.”  At the conclusion of her speech, the Tribes presented Hillary with a plaque inscribed with her new Indian name, “Walking Eagle.” The proud Hillary then departed in her motorcade to a fundraiser, waving to the crowds.  A news reporter later asked the group of chiefs how they came to select the new name they had given to Hillary.  They explained that “Walking Eagle” is the name given to a bird so full of shit it can no longer fly.
Trump's ego is so big... Trump's ego is so big that when he bangs a super-model, he closes his eyes and imagines he's jerking off.   -Seth Macfarlane, CC Roast of Trump
How many new states will America get when Trump is elected? One.   Denial.
I don't see why people are outraged when Donald Trump says if Ivanka wasn't his daughter, he'd be dating her. After all, if Ivanka wasn't Trump's daughter, I'd date her too. 
What is Donald Trump's biggest fear? Mexican ghosts who can walk through walls.
If GoT fans of Jon Snow are called Snowflakes, and the ones for Tirion are Tiriots, why is Arya the favorite character of Donald Trump supporters? They're Aryans.
Why is Donald Trump's favorite cuisine Canadian? Because he loves to have a mouthful of Poutine. 
When Trump visited the White House before his presidency... He asked then president Obama how he managed to run two successful terms.  "Simple", Obama replied, "Just get an intelligent wife"  "How do I know my wife is intelligent?" Trump asked.  "Just ask her intelligent questions and if she answers correctly, then you know she is intelligent".  Obama then called Michelle and asked "Darling, your parents have a child, the child is neither your sister nor your brother, who is the child?"  "The child is certainly me", Michelle replied.   "You see!", Obama told Trump, "that is how I know my wife is intelligent."  On return to his home, Trump called Melania and asked her, "Darling, your parents have a child, the child is neither your sister nor your brother, who is the child?". After serious thinking and scratching her head, Melania is unable to get the answer, she tells Trump to give her some time to think. She goes around asking all her friends but she is unable to get the answer. At the washrooms, she meets a cleaner and asks her "Your parents have a child, the child is neither your sister nor your brother, who is the child? "Simple, the cleaner replies, the child is me".  Amused with herself, Melania walks  to the husband and says, "I now know the answer, the child is our cleaner!"  "WRONG!" Trump yells at Melania, "the child is not our cleaner, the child is Michelle Obama!"
Hillary Clinton is starting her own Television show. It was going to be called The Biggest Loser but that was taken so she is going with The Biggest Liar.
Bill Clinton has a smart and beautiful wife Let's just hope she never meets Hillary
What do u call a Disney princess that supports Trump? Snow White Supremacist
I'm tired of people comparing Trump to Hitler. After all, Hitler wrote his own book. 
Whats Trump's favourite game? President evil.
What do Matt Damon and Donald Trump have in common? Nobody wants to pay for their Wall.
What does the Trump administration use instead of emails? Alternative fax.  Edit: This is not a political statement. I do not have an agenda. This is a bad pun for you guys to enjoy. Wake up sheeple!
Why was Donald Trump's top advisor pulled over on his way to the White House? He was rushin'. 
New Dossier: Russia has footage of Trump having sex with a potato Let's be clear, these are the actions of a dick tater.
Why does Trump put his name on all of his buildings? So the banks know which ones to take back. 
What is Donald Trump's favorite artisanal paint color? Red Nugent
President Donald Trump said that by 2050 US forces intend to attack the Sun if it does not stop nuclear reactions. the attack is planned at night or they will just fly from the dark side.
POTUS walks out of the white house Heads towards his limo when a possible assassin steps forward and aims a gun.  A secret service agent, new on the job, shouts “Mickey Mouse!” This startles the would be assassin and he is captured.  Later, the secret service agent’s supervisor takes him aside and asks, “What in the hell made you shout Mickey Mouse?”  Blushing, the agent replies, “I got nervous. I meant to shout Donald, duck."
Trump and Pence go hunting. As they're walking through the woods, they come across an elk foraging on leaves.  "Hey look, an elk," says Pence.  "Fake moose," says Trump.
What vegetable does Trump hate the most? Barackoli
How do you call a periodical publication which is all about Trump? a MAGAzine
How many Trump supporters does it take to screw in a light bulb? They don't need light bulbs, the burning crosses provide enough illumination.
How many Donald trumps does it take to change a light bulb? 2. One to change the bulb and one to grab them by the pussy.
Obama challenges W to the Presidential Fitness Challenge Obama was able to do nine hundred and ten pushups.  Bush did 911
"Mr. Trump, have you changed your plans for mass deportation?" "No, I have not. I will deport 11 million undocumented immigrants and two dogs."  "Why the two dogs?"   "See? Nobody cares about the immigrants!"
George Bush woke up to hear a burgular downstairs. So he dialed 9/11
Trump walks into a bathroom to take a leak Headlines: TRUMP EXPOSES HIMSELF IN PUBLIC, LESS THAN 3 FEET AWAY FROM A WOMEN'S RESTROOM
Donald Trump will be more presidential now that he is the nominee No Juan believes that!
A reporter asked Donald Trump about his plans for defence "Defence," he replied. "Let me tell you about defence. We're going to make defence great again. America's defence, we'll make it great. Really great. We're going to make it great by not even having defence! We're going to have, it's important that you remember how great this is going to be, we're going to build a wall!"
Trump and Hillary get into a fight to the death. Who wins? 'Murica.
Trump is asked what his position on women's issues Trump replies "Look, I know a lot of women and they all have issues"
My cousin never expected Obama to make it this far. Because a black man can't hold a job for two years. EDIT: This should be marked "racial."
The Donald Trump Song Who's got the bestest disposition? One guess -- guess who!  Who never never starts an argument? (Woman: Hmmmm?)  Who never shows a bit of temperament? Who's never wrong but always right? (Donald: Yeah?)  Who'd never dream of starting a fight? (Donald: That so?!)  Who gets stuck with all the bad press? No one...  (Donald quacks angrily)   but Donald Trump ! (Donald: Yeah!)  PS : The funniest thing is that I didn't have to change a lot of the original Donald duck song.
Donald Trump What a joke!
So there were a lot of celebrities at the DNC including Alicia Keys and Katy Perry. Hillary was excited because they are on her iPod. Bill was excited because they were on his to-do list.
What did Hillary Clinton do when her email was hacked? She asked Donald Trump to build a firewall.
President Obama answered questions on YouTube recently. He was asked 7,500 times about legalizing marijuana.  And that was just from Chad in Portland.
How many Democrats does it take to screw in a light bulb? None! They're already losing power.
Repainting the White House There was an open call for repainting the White House and 3 businessmen applied. One was from China, one was from Germany and one was from Albania. The Chinese asked 3 million dollars to do the job, the German asked 7 million and the Albanian asked 9 million. During the selection phase they asked the Chinese why do they need 3 million and he replied like we need 1 million for materials, another million for the work force and 1 million profit. The German said that they will be using the most expensive paint and hire the best workers so the cost would be 5 million plus 2 million profit. The Albanian said: 3 million for me, 3 million for you and 3 million for the Chinese guy to do the job. He was selected. 
What is Donald Trump's favourite ice cream? Walls Vanilla Carte D'or - It's not Mexican!    (*I am going to hell for this!)
Why doesn't anyone let Trump go fishing with them anymore? He always takes the bait...
Why did Hillary go to the gynecologist? She was feelin' the Bern!
Trump and Hillary are having dinner with a wizard The wizard welcomes them into his home with a warning. "Be careful what you say here, my house is enchanted and words have power."  Hillary: "I assume that's the sexist media talking" Trump: "Don't say that! To assume makes an ass out of u and me!"  Sure enough, the nice, friendly Hillary and Trump were instantly transformed into ass-ier versions of themselves.  Wizard: "What did I tell you? Be more careful with what you say!" Trump: "Screw being careful. Screw political correctness. I can't believe you consume that PC crap." Hillary: "Don't say that! To consume makes a con out of u n me!"  Sure enough, whatever remained of the two was now certainly gone, and both were half-ass and half-con.  Trump and Hillary: "Well wizard, I presume you're going to say you told us so? Wizard: "DON'T SAY THAT!!"              ................................................................ (That's the first joke I've wrote, if you think the punchline is okay maybe you can help me find a better way to write it.)
Hillary and Bernie have a common enemy Osteoporosis
Hillary Clinton walks into a bar... Hillary Clinton walks into a bar with a pig on a leash.  The bartender looks at them and says "You can't bring that cow in here!"  Hillary replies, "It's a pig, not a cow."  The bartender says "I was talking to the pig."
Vote Trump 2016 We havent had a presidential assassination in a long time.            Note: Its a joke guys, on /r/jokes. Dont take it seriously :)     Edit: You guys. You cant take a bloody joke. There is far worse material on reddit, yet a simple Presidential Joke is a strict no no? Theres jokes about killing babies! Yet you guys seem to be so upset by a supposed 'death threat'. Well done. 
Why did the bandit from Burma vote for Trump and Hillary to be the primary candidates? Because, Master Wayne, some men just want to watch the world burn.  
Does Hilary Clinton have a chance? I'm not saying that the USA is going to pass up its first chance to elect a female president, but Bill Clinton already bought her a new vacuum and a mop saying "don't get your hopes up." In other news, he was last reported missing after jokingly asking if she had Monica's cellphone number.
I was wrong about Hillary not having sufficient doctoring. Turns out she's surrounded by spin doctors.
Why does Donald Trump like free haircuts? Because he doesn't have toupeé. 
How does Hillary Clinton say goodbye? "Seizure later!"
I now understand the choice made by Republicans for President Elephants like to Trump
Hillary is a great female candidate. She really puts the "Emale" in "Female".
Trump helps an old lady. An elderly lady was walking on the golf course on the island of Martha’s Vineyard. She slipped and fell.  Trump, who was behind her by chance, helped her to get up. She thanked him and he replied , “It was a pleasure to help you. Do you recognize me? I am your president. Are you going to vote for me in the next election?”  The elderly woman laughed and replied, ”Not hardly. I fell on my butt, not on my head!”
My friend Dave told me this joke about Hillary Clinton yesterday... I was just wondering if anyone here has heard from him?
What's the difference between Donald Trump and an orange? The Orange has thick skin and people actually like it.
A guy walks into a bar, and sees Trump and Cruz sitting in a booth. He walks over there and says: "Wow! It's such an honor meeting both of you! What are you doing here?"  Cruz: "We're planning World War III."  Guy: "Really? What's going to happen?"  Cruz: "We're going to kill 140 million Muslims and a blonde with big tits."  Guy: "What? Why the blonde with big tits?"  Trump: "See Cruz, I told you nobody cares about the 140 million Muslims!"
A Democrat wakes up after being in a year-long coma... ...and immediately calls the doctor over to his hospital bed.  "Doctor, I need to know; who won the election? Was it Sanders? Clinton?"  The doctor shakes her head. "Let me put it this way: there's good news and there's bad news."  "What's the bad news?" the Democrat asks.  "Donald Trump is the President-elect, and has appointed a climate change denier as the head of the EPA, a close friend of Vladimir Putin as Secretary of State, and a billionaire who wants to privatize schools as Secretary of Education. In pretty much every single case, he has chosen the person least qualified to protect whatever they are in charge of."  The Democrat is visibly shaken. "How on earth could there be any good news?"  "Well," the doctor says, "he's also in charge of choosing his own Secret Service detail."
A day before the elections Hillary tells Bill: "You know, tomorrow there will be two presidents in one bed." Next day Bill asks Hillary: "So.. do I wait Trump here or should I go over to his place?" 
Trump. Not all jokes are funny.
What would Donald Trump's wife be called if she were 20 years younger? Millennial Trump
BREAKING: sources within transition team confirm President-Elect Trump will nominate Sen. Ted Cruz to Supreme Court ALSO BREAKING: sources close to the Supreme Court say there will be 8 additional vacancies starting tomorrow.
If our next President is Donald Trump.. He will put the P.O.S in P.O.T.U.S
There is still hope for for Hillary Clinton Nelson Mandela became President after 27 years in prison.
The night after taking office, Donald Trump's deal with the Satan has been completed, and he dies, arriving in hell... Well, one can hope, anyway.
How many Donald Trumps does it take to change a light bulb? Only one. Donald trump has thumbs. Kinda. They are really small. So it takes a while. 
Melania Trump and this sub are the same Both like to copy stuff and say them again
Donald Trump Finally something worse than Twilight 
It would be crazy if Trump was able to get Hilary arrested. Those would be some trumped up charges.
Have you heard about Trumps plan for Mexicans [Removed]
If Trump becomes president, I'll pray for 4 years straight. Not because I am a Catholic, but because I'm Chinese.
Hillary Lost Because She Sounded Like A Greek Instrument Yeah, she definitely sounded like a lyre. 
Trump's first day at Oval office..... ........after being elected President.  First briefing by the CIA, Pentagon, FBI:  Trump: We must destroy ISIS immediately. No delays.  CIA: We cannot do that, sir. We created them along with Turkey, Saudi, Qatar and others.  Trump: The Democrats created them.  CIA: We created ISIS, sir. You need them or else you would lose funding from the natural gas lobby.  Trump: Stop funding Pakistan. Let India deal with them.  CIA: We can't do that.  Trump: Why is that?  CIA: India will cut Balochistan out of Pak.  Trump: I don't care.  CIA: India will have peace in Kashmir. They will stop buying our weapons. They will become a superpower. We have to fund Pakistan to keep India busy in Kashmir.  Trump: But you have to destroy the Taliban.  CIA: Sir, we can't do that. We created the Taliban to keep Russia in check during the 80s. Now they are keeping Pakistan busy and away from their nukes.  Trump: We have to destroy terror sponsoring regimes in the Middle East. Let us start with the Saudis.  Pentagon: Sir, we can't do that. We created those regimes because we wanted their oil. We can't have democracy there, otherwise their people will get that oil - and we cannot let their people own it.  Trump: Then, let us invade Iran.  Pentagon: We cannot do that either, sir.  Trump: Why not?  CIA: We are talking to them, sir.  Trump: What? Why?  CIA: We want our Stealth Drones back. If we attack them, Russia will obliterate us as they did to our buddy ISIS in Syria. Besides we need Iran to keep Israel in check.  Trump: Then let us invade Iraq again.  CIA: Sir, our friends (ISIS) are already occupying 1/3rd of Iraq.  Trump: Why not the whole of Iraq?  CIA: We need the Shi'ite govt of Iraq to keep ISIS in check.  Trump: I am banning Muslims from entering US.  FBI: We can't do that.  Trump: Why not?  FBI: Then our own population will become fearless.  Trump: I am deporting all illegal immigrants to south of the border.  Border patrol: You can't do that, sir.  Trump: Why not?  Border patrol: If they're gone, who will build the wall?  Trump: I am banning H1B visas.  USCIS: You cannot do that.  Trump: Why?  Chief of Staff: If you do so, we'll have to outsource White House operations to Bangalore. Which is in India.  Trump (sweating profusely by now): What the hell should I do as President???  CIA: Enjoy the White House, sir! We will take care of the rest!
When Trump Won the Election... I just Love to Drink those Feminist Tears. 
Say what you want about Trump I hear the new American work camps are going to be nice.
When you see Trump on your screen, don't try to normalize him. You'll only screw up you TV's color balance.
Which Supreme Court case involved the use of integrals? Plus C vs Ferguson
Say what you will about Donald Trump his secretaries and stuff think he is a greatest president ever Can't complain​​!
The trump family is flying from New York to DC Donald looks down on the cities below and says "I think I'll throw a 1000$ bill out of the window and make some american happy. Melanie says "Oh honey why not throw 10 100$ bills and make 10 americans happy?"  So then Ivanka says "Even better daddy, throw 100 ten dollar bills out of the window and make 100 americans happy?" To that the pilot says " Why dont you all jump out the window and make the whole country happy?"   EDIT: Thank you for the gold!! 
Trump's Inauguration Speech Was Uploaded onto Pornhub "Rich White Man Fucks Entire Country"
Vladimir Putin takes Donald Trump fishing out on the black sea... Vladimir Putin takes Donald Trump fishing out on the black sea. After having his line in the water for a few hours, Donald finally has a bite. And it’s a big one.  At first, he threatens the fish. “I will drop a nuclear bomb on you if you don’t get in this boat.” It doesn’t work. In fact, the fish starts to fight harder. Next, he takes to twitter “This fish isn’t man enough to face me on board this boat. Sad!” The fish isn’t swayed. So finally, Trump shouts “I will send in a Navy SEAL team to kill your entire family!” The fish is scared and quickly jumps on the boat.  Before even taking it off the line, Trump picks the fish up and holds it high above his head. He squeezes its bladder down onto face.  Trump notices Putin looking on in disgust and says, “What? You knew I love Russian hookers pissing on my face.”
What was Donald Trumps first comment after moving into the Oval Office? "Hey fellas, it's so nice of you to leave some condoms for me in the desk drawer, but their diameter is about 3X too large!"
Trump is walking around the White House lawn after the first snowfall as president... On the south lawn he sees that someone has written "Trump Sucks!" in pee in the snow. Thin-skinned as he is, he's furious and calls a staff meeting to investigate who did it. After two days, his investigation team tells him that they have good news and bad news.  The good news was that they found the culprit and it was Obama. The bad news was that it was in Melania's handwriting.
What is Trump's Cabinet called? The Insane Clown's Posse.
I heard the Obama's just got a cleaning bill from the White House... Apparently they left a huge pile of shit in the oval office.
I was going to push Donald Trump into a vat of wet cement but I decided not to... ...It would have really set a bad president.
If the Green Man lives in the Green House and the Blue Man lives in the Blue House, who lives in the White House? The Orange Man
Why was Donald Trump born late? His mother was constipated.
Is Donald Trump sleazier than Bill Clinton? Close, but no cigar. 
If President Trump were on the Titanic, he'd have called the iceberg 'Fake News.' Because the leaks are real, but the iceberg is 'Fake News.'
What is Donald Trump's favourite dog? A border collie
Hillary Clinton has been frequenting a new restaurant, reports say. I guess the main appeal of it is her own private server.
What does Donald Trump play most of the time? President Evil.
I want Trump to win the presidential election We would be able to see a celebrity apprentice with only congressmen and women. It would be nice to see them work for a change.  
If Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton get in a plane crash who survives? America Survives. 
I had a one-night-stand with a Bernie supporter. I know because I can feel the bern. 
President Obama states he stands with Hillary. "So do I." Bill states sadly under his breath.
I was going to tell a joke about Donald Trump's presidential campaign.. but then I realized it was racist,  too long, and didn't make any sense.
What's a homophobic congressman's favorite place to swim? In da Nile
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on an airplane. The airplane crashes. Who survives? America.
Lifeguards wouldn't let Obama in the pool because he had weeping *legions*
Donald Trump will ban the sale of shredded cheese He wants to make America grate again
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump Are Sinking On A Cruise Ship, Who Survives? America
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 12 million illegal immigrants? Juan by Juan
Why does Donald Trump sound like an asshole on TV? Because he's probably an asshole.
Why does the bridge crumble if Donald Trump walks over it? It knows when to quit.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and were in a fatal car crash, who survives? Bill and Monica, ooops I mean Melania!
Donald Trump was on a private jet ride with a Mexican pilot and the pilot's son Halfway through, the plane began stalling really bad. The son ran up the aisle, picked up and wore a bag then went inside the cockpit to see what was going on. Trump saw what the son did and ran up behind him into the cockpit.  The pilot looked at them both and said: "This plane is going to crash and we must get out now, but there are only two parachute and three of us."  The son looked at his dad who looked back at him with teary eyes. Seeing this, Trump panicked and ripped the kid's bag off him, opened the emergency hatch and jumped out yelling: "So long suckers."  The son pulled his father out of his chair who was stunned at Trump's lack of empathy, and hugged him.  "Son you must escape while you can, there is no time", the father said. The son nodded, opened the emergency compartment and put on a parachute.  He then pulled out another bag and handed it to his dad. The pilot looked really confused so the son said in a casual tone: "Just buy me a new bag for school tomorrow."
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a Bonobo Monkey? One is a sex-obsessed wild animal ...  and the other is the former President of the United States!
What's the difference between a Redditor, Marilyn Monroe, Melania Trump, and Lee Harvey Oswald? One's a jerk who jacks off, one jerked off Jack, one jacks off a jerk, and one's a jerk who offed Jack .
If Hillary and Trump were in a raft... ...that capsized in the middle of the ocean, who survives?     America
What is Donald Trump's favourite song? Another brick in the wall
Did you hear that Donald Trump converted to Judaism? He heard that Vladimir Putin likes to drink vodka with orange jews.
Mr. Trump, did you know Beethoven was deaf? Trump: And how was he able to make all those movies?
Trump shouldn't worry about Flynn resigning as National Security Advisor. After all, Putin has lots of foreign policy experience, Trump can just ask him!
What did Donald Trump say to the nuclear missiles? You're fired. 
Donald Trump is grunting in agony in the White House bathroom. Finally, after hours, he emerges and says the toilet will need to be fixed.  The official plumber arrives and finds a miniature White House in the toilet.  He asks Trump, "How the fuck did that happen?"  Trump says, "Well, I was told to vacate the premises."
A republican's dilemna If you could abort Obama, would you?
Why doesn't Trump like BBC? He wasn't a fan of the Obama administration.
When Trump and Boris are elected... &gt;When Trump and Boris are elected...  ...they'll be like toupees in a pod.
Hillary Clinton will potentially be the first f***** president. I wrote female, but apparently someone deleted the email
Bernie Sanders was asked why he is still in the race and he responded "there are still some states left for me."  Those states are Denial, Anger, Grief, Bargaining and Acceptance.
If Trump replaces Obama in the white house, then we can all say... Orange is the new Black.  Thanks, ~~I'll see myself out.~~ Apparently, I don't need to.
Donald Trump Has Written a Few Books About Business... But they all end at Chapter 11.
Trump just made Sylvester Stallone a member of his cabinet. That's it.
Did you know Donald Trump is in the Lord of the Rings? In the book he is more commonly known as Smeagol.
If there was a nude photo of Donald Trump's new administration, what would the caption say? Goldman Sacks
New father has a question... I became the proud parent of a little girl on Monday. I was beaming with pride, but as my wife was giving birth, in that moment of moments, I couldn't help but wonder if the woman delivering our beautiful baby girl was voting for Trump or Hillary. But then I saw her grab my wife by her pussy and everything became clear. 
The real reason Scott Baio is endorsing Trump... When they asked him who he wants to be "in Charge" of America, he thought it meant living in a basement and hanging out with Buddy Lembeck.
What does Bill Clinton Say to Hillary after sex? Your turn.
What do Hillary Clinton and BP have in common? They both lie about having bad valves. 
How does a Trumpie become a smooth talker? Takes a laxative.
The Clinton Problem The Clintons are always in trouble because neither one of them can control their weiners...
Donald Trump gets elected Oops thought i was on r/nosleep
What does Hillary Clinton call a Trump supporting turtle warming itself in the sun? A basking deplorable
What do you call three Trumpies? Drei rot.
I don't understand why Obama has to give his speeches behind bullet proof glass I mean,I know he's black and all, but I doubt he'll shoot anyone.
Why does Trump tweet so much? Because it's hard to talk with Putin's dick in your mouth. 
What will be the DNC slogan after 2 terms of Donald Trump? Hindsight is 2020.
Why does Putin love Trump? His dick looks bigger in his hands.
Two Republicans are talking in a White House bathroom. One says, "Can you believe that imbecile Trump is going to be our next president? He can't open his mouth without spewing something tactless, offensive or utterly meaningless! He's a disgrace to the Republican Party!"    "Yeah, I know", says the other. "Still...at least he's not a goddamn nigger!"
Why can't Bill wait for Hillary to turn 70? Because he's sick of her at 69.
Donald Trump became president of the united states Is this the right sub?
What is Donald Trump's favourite drink? A white Russian.
In 1980, Donald Trump was in a Moscow hotel when he was approached by a KGB honeytrap In Soviet Russia, pussy grabs you.
Hillary Clinton is speaking at a fourth grade class She opens the floor up for a question and answer period. A boy raises his hand.  "Yes, what's your name?" "Hi, I'm Timmy and I have three questions. 1. How did you manage to lose 6 billion dollars as Secretary of State? 2. What actually happened at Benghazi? 3. Why did you delete 33,000 emails?"  Hillary opened her mouth to speak and the recess bell rang. The teacher sent everyone outside and said they'd resume when everyone was back.  The kids come back in and another boy raises his hand.  "Yes, what's your name?" "Hi, I'm Mike and I have five questions. 1. How did you manage to lose 6 billion dollars as Secretary of State? 2. What actually happened at Benghazi? 3. Why did you delete 33,000 emails? 4. Why did we go to recess 20 minutes early? 5. Where the fuck is Timmy?"
Mexico's president says he will not go to the U.S. for a meeting with Trump The wall's not even finished and it kept a Mexican out!
Why does trump wear a tie? If he takes it off, the foreskin flies up over his head.
Stalin's political career didn't really take off, until he played the trump card -Seize the means of reproduction!
Trump, how do you plan on building the wall? 140 characters at a time
Trump jokes are hilarious... Until you realize they're not jokes.
Trump That's it.
Cheer up Hillary Clinton. Nelson Mandela wasn't elected president , until after serving 27 years in prison .
What does Donald Trump say when he can't find his viagra? "The erection is rigged!"
I finally figured out Donald Trump You have to ruin America first if you want to make it great AGAIN.
Congratulations, Mr. Trump You'll be the first president to declare bankruptcy on the country.
Hillary already had a concession speech saved for today Too bad she deleted it as soon as they asked her for it.
Trump is Incredibly Racist. He's going to kick a black family right out of their house!
I agree with Trump's plan to make theaters a safe space. That way, Lincoln would still be alive. 
What's the longest, hardest thing in a Republican's life? Middle school. 
What instrument did the Republican Party play after the US Election? The trumpet.
Still in despite of Trumps victory.. I found it odd that the kkk's morale was low, then I realized Alabama was under a no burn order due to the severe drought.
If Trump wins the election, I'm leaving the country. If Clinton wins the election, I'm leaving the country.  This isn't a political post; I just want to travel.
What is Donald Trump's Favorite Gum? Bigly Chew
If Hillary and Donald Trump are on a boat together and it crashes, who survives? America.
I don't see the big deal with trump being president Trump was a good candidate, he knew how to reach out to voters and get their support. I guess you could say he grabbed voters by the pussy
What is Donald Trump's Favorite Kind of Natural Disaster? A Tor*NATO*
If Clinton gets elected, federal employees will be LEGALLY allowed to consume cannabis! If you smoke, you have to say "I did not inhale"  and if you do edibles, you have to say "I did not swallow"
Donald Trump claimed he would lose the election because of rigging. I guess that ship has sailed.
President Obama is doubling down on fighting global warming He's already sent three battalions of Marines to invade the Sun.
Donald Trump will run for President ... When the Cubs win World Series.
Trump will have accomplished one of his goals the day he gets into office. preventing robots from taking jobs 
All the Bernie Sanders supporters, across the nation, are now saying... "We had to, right?"
If the voting recount flips the outcome of the election, I have the perfect guy to call Trump and tell him that he's no longer going to be President... Steve Harvey.  "I have to apologize.....the 1st runner-up, is Trump. The next President of the United States is...Hillary Clinton!"  *DEEP INHALE*  "***WRONG***"
I haven't seen Democrats this upset with a Republican since... A Republican took the Democrats' slaves away
If Trump wins tonight, I'm getting drunk... If Hillary wins tonight, I'm getting drunk. Nothing political, I just like getting drunk.
If President Trump closes down the US and ignores the great bear then. So ve it.
A lot of people don't know this, but Donald Trump has a black man on his family tree. He's actually been hanging there for a long time.
Congratulations to Donald Trump winning the presidency... May his global impact be as tiny as his hands
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton? Bill got fucked in the oval office and Hillary just got fucked out of it.
Building a wall to keep crazy neighbors out is the best idea Trump has ever come up with In fact the Canadians are considering the idea too
Donald Trump Visits a School Donald Trump is visiting a elementary school and he visits one of the classes. They are in the middle of a discussion related to words and their meanings. The teacher asks Mr Trump if he would like to lead the discussion of the word "tragedy." So he asks the class for an example of a tragedy. One little boy stands up and offers: "If my best friend who lives on a farm, is playing in the field and a runaway tractor comes along and knocks him dead, that would be a tragedy." "Wrong," says Mr Trump, "that would be an accident." A little girl raises her hand: "If a school bus carrying 50 children drove over a cliff, killing everyone inside, that would be a tragedy." "Wrong," explains the exalted businessman. "That's what we would call a great loss." The room goes silent. No other children volunteer. Mr Trump searches the room. "Isn't there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy?" Finally at the back of the room, little Johnny raises his hand. In a quiet voice he says: "If a private jet carrying you was struck by a missile and blown to smithereens, that would be a tragedy." "Fantastic!" exclaims Mr Trump, "That's right. And can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?" "Well," says the boy, "because it sure as hell wouldn't be a great loss and it probably wouldn't be an accident either."
The price of Trumps' wall became much cheaper after the election... ...50 million people shit a brick!
The Democratic National Comittee Fuck.
Trump's mistresses knew he would win. The've always called him the "little dicktator". 
Donald Trump's presidency is already positively affecting the economy. Alcohol sales have never been higher.
Trump winning the presidency isn't all that bad. Zimbabwean currency will soon actually be valuable to the global market!
Why do lesbians vote Democrat? They want the (D).
Why did Trump cross the road? Because that is where the pussies are.   Heh heh. Ahhh, ok.   I'll play myself out. . . . .  
I just want to let all of the Hillary supporters out there that I share their grief. I post it to facebook where me and my friends can laugh at it together.
I have the email that Hillary sent Donald congratulating him on his victory [Deleted]
Have you heard about the Trump supporter who went to college? Neither have I.
What fruit did Hillary grind up in her juicer? 13 blackberries and 5 apples
What is the difference between Trump and Hillary? She can't make America great again.
When Donald Trump is Elected President *Orange triggered banner under my face*
If Trump is elected President It won't be the first time he has kicked a black family out of their house. 
Two black people vote for Trump... They find strong interest in his foreign and economic policies and harbor no irrational will towards him.
Donald Trump has a new slogan that he hopes will help his numbers with African American voters. "Orange Is The New Black."
To all the Bernie supporters... This isn't the first time a Clinton has left a bad taste in someone's mouth.
Bernie's campaign... died for our sins.
I'm okay with Trump becoming president His hands are so tiny, he can't hold a pen to sign any bills
donald trump joke Donald Trump is speaking at a campaign event in South Carolina. He asks if the crowd wants to hear a joke? The southern crowd goes "USA! USA! USA!" What do you call 10 illegal immigrants on the moon? A problem. What do you call 100 illegals on the moon? A problem. What do you call 1000 illegals on the moon? Still a problem. What do you call all of the illegal immigrants on the moon? Problem solved.   
What did most of the USA think when Trump won the election? "I did Nazi that coming."
Trump going into office is just... him kicking another black family out of their home.
Donald Trump being president is the result of being a good parent and teaching your children that they can be anything if they set their mind to it... And you know,giving them a small loan of 1 Millon dollars
Not everything Trump says is stupid ...   Get it?
A democrat got in a car accident and didn't blame it on Trump. She blamed it on the other driver.
The speech Trump gave was inspiring... But it sounded better with the original german wording.
Trump gets very sick So he goes to his doctor who runs a bunch of tests and gives Donald a clean bill of health saying it'll pass soon.  Two weeks later after not getting any better Trump goes back,  this time vomiting profusely and has uncontrollable diarrhea.  His Doctor runs a bunch of new tests and an MRI.  Once again tells Trump  "you're fine,  it's just a bug.  A month goes by,  Trump has now lost most of his hair and half his weight.  He decides to go to a different Doctor who diagnosis Trump with cancer that has now raged through his entire body.  Trump calls his first doctor screaming "How could you do this?  I'm gonna sue!  How could you miss a diagnosis of cancer this advanced?"     To which Trumps doctor replies. " I didn't miss a thing.  I knew about the cancer.  I just gave you my alternative diagnosis."
Why did the Trump inauguration look so small? Camouflage!
I'm actually really happy with Trump's presidency so far. He's had the nuclear codes for a couple of days now and hasn't tweeted them yet.
What do Eric Clapton and Donald Trump have in common? They were both jealous of the size of a black man's crowd. 
Mexico should be happy about Trump building the Wall... The GDR payed 400 Million Mark to get their "wall against facism".
I don't get what you guys are saying about how Mexicans hate Trump... ... Every Mexican I see is calling him a peachy cool arrow.
What did Bill Clinton say when asked why Hillary lost? "Not sure, she never used to go down."
I didn't understand why Obama had to give speeches behind bulletproof glass, I mean he's black and all but I doubt he would have shot anyone.
I'm guessing Trump has been Rick Rolled too many times ... Because he just gave you up, let you down and deserted you.   
One week into his administration, Donald Trump's top aide walks into his office... "Sir, your new policies have been a success. We've already deported three Brazilian immigrants!"  "Great, there can't be many left then!"
If Melania divorces Donald Trump Then an immigrant will get half of the US in the divorce settlement :)
Why is Donald Trump orange? Because he is ripe.
The Trump Travel ban was refused due to lack of evidence.. Apparently "I know it, you know it, everybody knows it" wasn't enough
How do you tell apart the voices in Donald Trump's head from the voices in Steve Bannon's? Trump's voices mumble praise of himself, Bannon's shriek racial epithets, and both are silent when Russia Telecom has an outage.
What's Donald Trumps favorite kind of dog? a BORDER collie!
A plane is crashing with President Trump... A plane is crashing with President Trump, an old man, a little boy and the pilot. Dont ask questions. Just accept this situation. :) The plane is nearing the ground and the group is dicussing who gets the only 3 parachutes. President Trump immediately grabs one and says (With a donald trump voice)"I am the new President. I have a lot of great plans for my country. I need a parachute." He takes one and jumps.  The pilot then quickly blurts out, "I am the captain of this plane. These are my parachutes. Im taking one." He takes one and jumps.   This leaves only the little boy and the old man. The old man quickly says. "You better take the las parachute. Im old and have lived my life. You can still do great things with the time.." He is interrupted by the little boy who says. "You dont have to die! We can both go. President Trump Jumped out with my backpack!"
Roses are red Assholes are deep  Trump builds a wall to show he is weak
Why does Trump take Xanax? For his panic attacks
I think I'm going to vote for Trump He did prove his penis is bigger than Hillary's
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite pizza joint? Little seizures!
What's Obama's favorite word? uh...
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar... Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar.   Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says,   "The media is really tearing you apart for that Scandal."  Hillary: "You mean my lying about Benghazi?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the massive voter fraud?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the military not getting their votes counted?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using my secret private server with classified material to Hide my Activities?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything Else?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, Hiring Cronies, And taking bribes from foreign countries?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the drones being operated in our own country without The Benefit of the law?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it Declared Bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Turning Libya into chaos?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Being the mastermind of the so-called “Arab Spring” that only brought chaos, death and destruction to the Middle East and North Africa?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The funding and arming of terrorists in Syria, the destruction and destabilization of that nation, giving the order to our lapdogs in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to give sarin gas to the "moderate" terrorists in Syria that they eventually used on civilians, and framed Assad, and had it not been for the Russians and Putin, we would have used that as a pretext to invade Syria, put a puppet in power, steal their natural resources, and leave that country in total chaos, just like we did with Libya?  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The creation of the biggest refugees crisis since WWII?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Leaving Iraq in chaos? "  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The DOJ spying on the press?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 Months Later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring citizens' ?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the INSIDER TRADING of the Tyson chicken deal I did where I invested $1,000 and the next year I got $100,000?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean when Bill met with Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, just before my hearing with the FBI to cut a deal?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: " You mean the one where my IT guy at Platte River Networks asked Reddit for help to alter emails?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean where the former Haitain Senate President accused me and my foundation of asking him for bribes?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean that old video of me laughing as I explain how I got the charges against that child rapist dropped by blaming the young girl for liking older men and fantasizing about them. Even though I knew the guy was guilty?  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean that video of me coughing up a giant green lunger into my drinking glass then drinking it back down?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean that video of me passing out on the curb and losing my shoe?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean when I robbed Bernie Sanders of the Democratic Party Nomination by having the DNC rig the nomination process so that I would win?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean how so many people that oppose me have died in mysterious was?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Travel Gate? When seven employees of the White House Travel Office were fired so that friends of Bill and mine could take over the travel business? And when I lied under oath during the investigation by the FBI, the Department of Justice, the White House itself, the General Accounting Office, the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, and the Whitewater Independent Counsel?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The scandal where, (while I was Secretary if State), the State Department signed off on a deal to sell 20% of the USA's uranium to a Canadian corporation that the Russians bought, netting a $145 million donation from Russia to the Clinton Foundation and a $500,000 speaking gig for Bill from the Russian Investment Bank that set up the corporate buyout?. That scandal?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time I lied when I said I was under sniper fire when I got off the plane in Bosnia?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time when after I became the First Lady, I improperly requested a bunch of FBI files so I could look for blackmail material on government insiders?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time when Bill nominated Zoe Baird as Attorney General, even though we knew she hired illegal immigrants and didn't pay payroll taxes on them?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "When I got Nigeria exempted from foreign aid transparency guidelines despite evidence of corruption because they gave Bill a $700,000 in speaking fees?"  Trump" "No, the other one."  Hillary: "That time in 2009 when Honduran military forces allied with rightist lawmakers ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya, and I as then-Secretary of State sided with the armed forces and fought global pressure to reinstate him?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "I give up! ... Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware, when Bill left Office?"  Trump: "THAT'S IT! I almost forgot about that one".
Once upon a time, a man was running for office as a Republican ... He was in a rural area of the deep south that wasn’t known to be a Republican area and he stopped by a farm to do some campaigning.  When the farmer heard he was a Republican his jaw dropped and he said wait right here while I go get Ma. She’s never seen a Republican before. So he got her. And the candidate looked around for a podium from which to give his speech.  The only thing he could find was a pile of that stuff that Bess Truman took 35 years trying to get Harry to call fertilizer. So, he got up on the mound and when they came back he gave his speech.  At the end of it the farmer said that is the first time I’ve ever heard a Republican speech. And the candidate said that’s the first time I’ve ever given a Republican speech from a Democratic platform.
The reason why Trump is not releasing his tax returns his mic at the debate was defective!
Bernie Sanders believes Climate Change is the biggest threat. He is right. Basement dwellers will be the first to drown.
Why did Trump endorse Sia to run for the presidential campaign? Because shes got stamina. 
Hillary Is Like Francium... Take her *elect*ron away and she won't blow up have of America.
If Clinton is elected, but Tim Kaine has to take over... we'll finally have our first feminine president.
Why did they put Harriet Tubman on the twenty dollar bill and not Barack Obama?  Because if that were the case, you'd never get change.
"Most of Refugees are Doctors and Engineers" -Barack Obama Thats right, they are all gynecologists
If I had an email for every Hillary Clinton joke being made right now I'd have none.
Why are do so many Trump supporters live on farms? Where else would they find so many straw men?
Donald Trump says the only reason he lost the popular vote is because 3 million undocumented immigrants voted in the election He knows this because thats how many of his employees asked him for the day off.
Hilary Clinton goes to a psychic. The soothsayer tells her, "Your husband will die a horrible violent death."   Hilary asks, "Will I be acquitted?"
If Donald Trump was a communist, If Donald Trump was a communist, instead of saying "Grab her by the pussy" he would have said "Seize the means of reproduction."
Hey Mr Obama It's me, a nobody. It isn't too late to come out of the White House and say this whole election is a joke. Can you just come out and reaffirm the entire world that only you can make America great again. 
Trump is elected President of the United States... That's all. Admit it, that would be a big joke.
People are saying that Donal Trump are the cause of Vine's death You could say that he built a firewall
What does Bill Clinton's presidency and Hillary Clinton's future presidency have in common? Weiners got them both in trouble but in the end nobody really cared. 
What's Donald Trumps favorite sports channel? ESPN Deported
A protestor shouted, "Trump will make America worse for Gays, Jews, Blacks, Muslims, and Latinos!" A Trump supporter shouted back, "That's not true..." "...he won't make it worse for Jews!"
What do Donald Trump and Mondays have in common Nobody likes them.
One of the good things about trump winning... We get to see Amy schumer leave.
What did Hillary tell Trump after the results came in? "Thank you. I haven't been fucked like this since 1998"   EDIT: Given the stupid amount of hate spam I'm getting, this account is getting nuked. Happy y'all appreciate the humor, those who don't should probably try to die in a fire. I voted Hillary by the way. The tolerant left attacks again.
Hillary Clinton You're* Fired! 
Chinese president congratulates Trump for his victory, and Trump asks him : when do you have an election ?                              Chinese President : Evely molning mistel tlump, evely molning..
What's the difference between trumps plans and a unicorn? A unicorn isn't real
If Donald Trump becomes President I'm going to Mexico. Not by choice though.
Why does Chelsea Clinton look up whenever she thinks about her father? That's where the Hubbell is. 
Whats Donald Trumps favorite album? The Wall
Why did Trump have to legally change his first name to Donad? Because Hillary took the L.
When Trump finishes the wall towards Mexico... he might notice those pesky canadians to the north and build another wall across that border too. And then he might just keep building it along all the coasts as well and if he's already built so much he might as well put a roof on all of it and then he can name it the Entire State Building
With Trump choosing to reside in Trump Tower over the White House... It's as if he doesn't want to live there because black people were tenants.
I have an idea for Trump's wall, based off an idea Reagan had: We put satellites in space, armed with lasers that can shoot down planes, and use them when we think there's illegals! I call it Star Wars: A New Hope.
One thing that Trump’s supporters love most about him is his authenticity... Unfortunately, he also embodies the most dangerous example of inauthenticity: the combover.
Some said Trump would be elected when pigs fly... Of course the irony now is, they’re not only flying, they’re being flown by Air Force One.
The Chinese Premiere called Trump to congratulate on his victory. After thanking him,  Trump asked  -  '  When do you have elections?'   To which the response was -  ' Evely molning Mistel Tlump, evely molning.'
What is Hillary Clinton's least favorite nation? Incrimination
Trump is actually ambidextrous He can move from right to left as he chooses
If I had a gun and a single bullet and was in a room with Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump and was told these are the leaders people support... I would shoot myself
Why does Trump have so many duplicates in his database? As he hates anything foreign 
There isn't a single political bone in Trump's body... He's got a misogynistic mouth, racist brain and his hands are too small to hold a majority. 
Why do Donald Trump's hands seem to act erratically and sometimes seem to stop where they are at the worst times? He suffers from low-handwidth...
Why did Donald Trump pardon the Mexican pole vaulter who jumped over his wall? Trump: "Well, he's like me in a lot of ways.  He has to clear a bar that people think he can't go beyond,  he stays up in the poles, and no matter if he does good or bad he always lands on his back on a cushy bed.  He's wonderful.  Or I should say, "Juan-derful." I really should." 
It's no surprise that Trump is here, just look at all the movies where there is a black President and something comes to destroy the earth. All credits go to Larry Wilmore. ;)
Wanna hear a joke? Clinton, Hillary Clinton.
Why do prostitutes hate Donald Trump? Because he makes them pay for it.
What did Melania Trump say after being stopped by an officer? License and registration, please. 
President Obama is in a race with the previous 4 presidents... George W. Bush, William Clinton, George H. W. Bush, and Ronald Reagon. They are running a mile to see who can get the fastest time.  Barrack Obama placed last, with a time of 15:12  George H.W. Bush placed 4th with a time of 13:57  Ronald Reagon placed 3rd with a time of 11:33  William Clinton placed 2nd with a time of 9:57  And Bush did 9:11
In an alternate universe, the President... is given an attache and told not to press the button inside beyond the most dire circumstances.  Instructions nuclear.
Chelsea Clinton is so patriotic That she wore George Washington's wooden teeth for her speech last night
Trump/Pence 2016! Or "TP" as I like to call it. ;)
Melania Trump immigrated to America in 1996 And after her speech I now see why Donald says that "all immigrants are thieves"
What do cancer and Donald Trump have in common? Cancer always wins.
What would you call a democrat and republican coming together as one in the bible? A Bernie Bush
Donald Trump ask Hillary Clinton to spell his name. Hillary replies with 'D O N A L D' Donald says, 'No Hillary, its Donad, cuz you took the L!
It Turns out Trump was right about 1 thing... Never send a woman to do a man's job! Bernie 2020!
The infamous 3AM phone call finally happened, and Hillary Clinton was there! Instead of actually giving a concesion speech
If Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton gets in a car crash who will survive? America.
What's Donald Trumpler's favorite part of a sailboat? The rigging.
What's Obama say to Biden when he leaves the room after a argument? Good*bi-den* 
The police got all the democrat protesters in California to leave last night They gave them participation awards
Man, Trump has gotten a tremendous amounts of votes... Would be a shame if someone deleted them
Congrats Trump!! Your the first person to fuck Hillary since 1998
Donald Trump... -A big earthquake with the strength of 8.1 on the Richter scale hits the Middle East.   -Two million Muslims die and over a million are injured.   -Iraq, Iran and Syria are totally ruined and the governments don't know where to start with providing help to rebuild.   -The rest of the world is in shock.   -Britain is sending troops to help keep the peace.   -Saudi Arabia is sending oil &amp; monetary assistance.   -Latin American countries are sending clothing.   -New Zealand and Australia are sending sheep, cattle and food crops.   -The Asian countries are sending labor to assist in rebuilding the infrastructure.   -Canada is sending medical teams and supplies.   -President Trump, not to be outdone, is sending back two million replacement Muslims.
How much is Donald Trump's life insurance? Just one pence.
Now that Donald Trump will be President, I really hope he builds the wall. We need to keep all those crazy Americans contained. 
Trump won the presidency and 1... 2... POOF! The Mexicans were gone without a tres
Rosie O'donnel' said she would move out of the U.S. if hillary wasn't elected. Rosie, don't go to africa. They *need* that food for the children rosie!
LeBron James was stumping for Clinton today. LeBron James was stumping for Clinton, but he appeavered to have  a Cavalier attitude.....
Trump Just Announced: Free Materials Sourced for the Border Wall "It was all a part of my plan, you see," he began. "I knew if I were to win, which I knew I would, it would be yuuuuge.   "When I won, half the population shit a brick.   "The bricks are already starting to dry. We're ahead of schedule. Way ahead. Bigly ahead.   "And, with all these free bricks, we're already way under budget, too."
Trump is going to make America less racist. When he takes office America will stop blaming a black man for all their problems.
When Trump said he was draining the swamp He meant he wanted to find guys for his cabinet in there. 
Why did Donald Trump cross the road? Because he didn't build a wall.
How is Hillary Clinton and a high class prostitute different? Rich people pay the prostitute to fuck them, they pay Hillary Clinton to fuck everyone else.
With all these Trump and Hillary signs in front of everyone's houses... This Halloween will be the scariest yet.
[Politics] Hillary Clinton is taking a morning stroll outside, holding a leash. She then, all of a sudden, tightens it... ...Bill yelps.
Hey, remember that time Trump was almost president? Too soon?
Donal Trump supporters have become exactly what they hate: A minority
What does my cat and Donald Trump have in common? Neither of them pay taxes
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 13 million illegal aliens? Juan by Juan
I figured it'd be best to not send Hillary Clinton a birthday present... It'd probably get lost in the mail.
What's the only way a Trumpie can get hard? Freezing to death.
If Bernie Sanders has more delegates but still gets denied by the DNC... ...that would be unpresidented.
Trump and Pence went camping in a jungle  That jungle had just one bear, since it was alone and horny it fucked anything that moves.   Day 1, the bear sees both of them and charges. Pence climbs up a tree and trump gets left down below. The bear fucks trump in the ass.   Day 2, the bear sees em again and charges. Pence climbs up a tree and trump gets left down below. Again the bear fucks trump in the ass.   Day 3, the bear charges them again.  Trump : dude 2 days I got fucked, today I'll climb the tree and you'll take one for me.  Pence agrees. The bear comes and stops near the tree and thinks "two days I fucked the guy down below now it's time i fuck the guy up in the tree"  And trump gets fucked again. 
Vladimir Putin asks Donald Trump what the difference is between garbanzo beans and chick peas Trump replies "well, I've never had a garbanzo bean on me!" 
Whoever said Obama never created any jobs... Obviously has never heard of Isis 
What is Russia's codename for Trump? Agent Orange.
What is trump's favorite alcoholic drink? White Russian
I’m a US Congressman! Late one night a mugger wearing a mask stopped a well-dressed man and stuck a gun in his ribs. "Give me your money," he demanded. Scandalized, the man replied, "You can’t do this – I’m a US Congressman!" "Oh! In that case," smiled the robber, "Give me MY money!"  
As an American of Chinese decent, I offered my services to help Trump to build his wall. He replied that he didn't think it would be a good idea for me to build the barrier in my own internment camp.
My Dad voted Republican his entire life. After he died he voted Democrat
You know why Trump fans are called Trumpettes? You only have to learn how to press three buttons, and then you can play 'em all day.
What is Donald Trump's favorite California city? Banning
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Donald Duck? There is a human being inside of Donald Duck.
What do Ivanka Trump and JFK airport have in common? Donald wouldn't be happy if a muslim entered either of them. 
Donald Trump did not intend to run for president Donald Trump did not intend to run for president. He intended to walk for president
The Republicans are worried about wigged old creeps checking out their teenage daughters in their changing rooms But  enough about trump.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a gynecologist? A gynecologist will shake a woman's hand before grabbing their pussy.
What do Grill Cosby and Grill Clinton have in common? Grape!
Obama divorces Michelle. He told her "I wanna Barrack up with you"
What does Bill say to Hillary after sex? I'll be home in 20 minutes.
I didn't realise Trump had a communist streak, but... His call for people of the world to seize the means of reproduction was rather stirring!
Donald Trump is actually just a confused Marxist. He wants to seize the means of reproduction.
Apparently other than the russian ties, another interesting revelation was released about Trump. He loves trickle-down economics.
Donald Trump (NSFW) Or, unabbreviated: Donald Trump (Not Safe For World)
What's gonna happen when Trump moves into the White House? It wil become the Trump House
America elected Donald Trump as President... And just like this post... THE JOKE IS ON YOU!!!
What do The Bible and Trump have in Common? ... Their messages should not be taken literally. 
A group of countries were going to buy Donald Trump Pink Floyd's entire discography... but they didn't because Mexico wouldn't pay for The Wall.
How did Donald Trump convince Mike Pence to be his Vice President? He told him the job would be worth as much as a warm bucket of piss. Then, he showed him a video. 
The FBI raided Hillary Clinton's campaign headquarters She needed them to get in quick and destroy all the evidence.
Donald Trump, an asshole, and an evil masterminds walks into a bar... He sits down and orders a drink.
A Clinton presidency is like an iPhone 7. I really don't want an iPhone 7, but I'll probably end up with one anyway.
What does Bill Clinton say to Hillary after sex? I'll be home in 20 minutes. 
How can Hillary enforce a no-fly zone... ... when she can't even enforce a no fly zone on her face?
Hillary and Trump tie in the election... And the election moderator isn't sure what to do. So he decides that the president will be decided by a foot race around the White House lawn. Trump is up first, and his final time around the lawn is 10 minutes 11 seconds. Hillary is up next, and her final time around the lawn is 9:20. The moderator tells Hillary she's won the election and the presidency, and tells her her time. Hillary asks "9:20? Is that a record around the lawn?" The moderator says "No, Bush did 9:11".
Talking about Hillary Clinton While stitching a cut on the hand of a 75 year old farmer, the doctor struck up a conversation with the old man. Eventually the topic got around to Hillary Clinton and her role as the Democratic Nominee for President. The old farmer said, " Well, as I see it, Hillary Clinton is like a 'Post Tortoise'.'' Not being familiar with the term, the doctor asked him what a 'post tortoise' was. The old farmer said, "When you're driving down a country road and you come across a fence post with a tortoise balanced on top, that's a post tortoise." The old farmer saw the puzzled look on the doctor's face so he continued to explain. "You know she didn't get up there by herself, she doesn't belong up there, she doesn't know what to do while she's up there, she's elevated beyond her ability to function, and you just wonder what kind of dumb ass put her up there to begin with."
Bill: I hope Hillary will have better interns in the Oval Office than I did. All of mine sucked.
Obama Couldn't Sleep One night President Obama couldn't sleep so he went down stairs to the kitchen to get a glass of milk and on the way he runs into Theodore Roosevelt and says ''Mr. Roosevelt, how can i make this country better?''. Theodore stands there for a second to think, and then says to Obama ''I don't know, maybe you should ask somebody else''. Obama still can't sleep so he goes down stairs to the basement and he runs into Abraham Lincoln. Obama says to Lincoln ''Mr. Lincoln, how can i make this country better?''. Lincoln stands there for a minute thinking and says ''Go to the Theater''
What's the difference between Trump and Bush? Trump builds towers and Bush knocks them down.
Hillary should make Bernie the ambassador to Japan. His knowledge of harpooning whales will definitely help bridge the cultural divide.
A Republican, a Libertarian, and a Democrat walk into a bar A Republican, in a wheelchair, entered a restaurant one afternoon and asked the waitress for a cup of coffee. The Republican looked across the restaurant and asked,  "Is that Jesus sitting over there?"  The waitress nodded "yes," so the Republican requested that she give Jesus a cup of coffee, on him.  The next patron to come in was a Libertarian, with a hunched back. He shuffled over to a booth, painfully sat down, and asked the waitress for a cup of hot tea. He also glanced across the restaurant and asked, "Is that Jesus, over there?" The waitress nodded, so the Libertarian asked her to give Jesus a cup of hot tea, "My treat."  The third patron to come into the restaurant was a Democrat on crutches. He hobbled over to a booth, sat down and hollered, "Hey there honey! How's about gettin' me a cold mug of Miller Lite?" He too looked across the restaurantand asked, "Isn't that God's boy over there?  The waitress nodded, so the Democrat directed her to give Jesus a cold beer.  "On my bill," he said loudly.  As Jesus got up to leave, he passed by the Republican, touched him and said, "For your kindness, you are healed." The Republican felt the strength come back into his legs, got up, and danced a jig out the door.  Jesus passed by the Libertarian, touched him and said, "For your kindness, you are healed." The Libertarian felt his back straightening up and he raised his hands, praised the Lord, and did a series of back flips out the door.  Then, Jesus walked towards the Democrat, just smiling.  The Democrat jumped up and yelled, "Don't touch me .. I'm collecting disability."
What's the similarity between Donald Trump and mashed potatos? They both look like overcooked potatos
If all of congress were abducted... Congress wouldn't pass the find congress act.
Trump is the good guy... He's gonna build a wall to stop the hurricane
Donald Trump is like a marshmallow... He's easy to roast, a little orange on top, catches fire easily, and will melt down when he gets under too much heat.
What one thing do Bill and Hillary Clinton wish they had avoided in their respective political careers? The private server.
If Donald Trump wins this election He would be the closest thing we have to Admiral General Aladeen.  Looking forward to changing words like Yes/No, Positive/Negative, Open/Close to TRUMP (in all caps).
this guy was telling my friend from puerto rico trump was gonna deport him and send him back to mexico I never laughed my ass off so hard.
What's going be America's largest export once Trump gets elected? Americans.
Donald Trump has banned shredded cheese. He's going to make America grate again.
Why does Hillary Clinton have two Ls in her first name? 1 for 2008, 1 for 2016
Which room in Donalds Trump's house has the thickest walls? his-panic room.
Why do Democrats push for more gun control? Because they can't stop shooting themselves in the foot.
How big data analysis did not predict Trump win Because it is not oracle!
How did Donald Trump lose $916 million? Well he was handed everything in life. Have you seen his hands? Most of what he was gifted slipped right through.
"You voted for Trump? So what are you? A Republican now?" "No, I'm an anarchist" 
"Mr. Obama, how exactly does someone impeach a president?" "The american people have made their decision. To suggest we impeach a president before he's had a chance is an outrage! Regardless of your opinions and the flawed system we're under the election was held fair and square... ...Now would you *please* stop asking that, Mr. Trump?"
Trump supporters are so uneducated! Now give us that sweet prosperous socialism! *walks onto the highway*
Donald Trump will most likely be president No really, he might be
Just like the DNC run-off between Hillary and Obama in 2008.. ...it looks a woman is going to lose to a colored man.
Democrats must be so thirsty Cause of all the salt.
Trump really is the greatest jobs president. After all, he guaranteed Alec Baldwin a job for 4 years! 
The Trump Years in a Nutshell 2016: Trump doesn't stand a chance. 2017: Trump's still trying? 2018: "Hey, are you guys going to watch the hunger games tonight? I hope my district wins"
Donald Trump was at a spiritual talk show... "Has anyone here ever seen a ghost?", the spirit medium hosting the show asks the crowd.  About 50 people put their hands up.  "Okay, now how many of you have had any form of verbal interactions with a ghost?"  This time, only 20 people kept their hands up.  "Interesting, now who here has had any physical contact with a ghost?"  Again, fewer hands stayed up; 5 hands remained.  "Finally, I'd like to ask, how many of you have had any... *intimate relations or sexual contacts with a ghost?*"  The crowd stayed silent and all eyes laid upon an elderly man, perhaps in his late 60's or early 70's, as he alone kept his hand up.  The spirit medium invites him onto the stage. "Tell us your name."  "The name's Donald Trump."  "Alright Donald, now tell us, what was your experience with this ghost? What sort of intimate contact or sexual relations did you have with this ghost?"  "Ghost? Oh, I'm sorry, I must have misheard you. I thought you asked whether I had any sexual relations with a goat!"
I saw someone say that the Democrats snatched defeat out of the jaws of victory But I think Trump grabbed the victory from the warm snatch of defeat. 
What was the difference between the midget magician and Donald Trump during his presidential campaign? One was a cunning runt.
My brother’s full of crap - he swore if Trump won he’d emigrate to Canada.    But he still went to the US.
Trump promises to bring back Jobs If he can save the iphone 8 from deleting the charge port he can save America
What's the difference between Terri Schiavo and donald trump? One of them is a racist carrot
What's Trump Mexican name? [Removed]
If Donald Trump was in charge of helping endangered animals increase their population, what would his motto be? MAKE THE ANIMALS MATE AGAIN!  
When Hillary gives her concession speech I hope she brings Jay-Z back. He could perform I Got 99 Problems but a Bitch Ain't 1. 
What did Trump love to do with his kids at the beach? Build sand walls
How did George Bush get Afghanistan pregnant? He never pulled out
Police commissioner, do we have any leads in the Trump assassination case? It's too early to tell, but we have reason to believe the gun belonged to Gov. Jeb Bush
What do you call a Donald Trump protestor's favorite word game? Mad Libs.
Donald Trump reveals plan to defeat ISIS "Grab em' right by the pussy"
Did you hear Trump is getting into the porn industry? He's hoping to make America gape again.
Why were so many men offended by Trump's "Grab the pussy" statement? Because today's America has so many men that are pussies and they feared Trump was talking about them.
If trump becoms the New president. Orange will be the new black
What is Trump's next big venture? Rigging .
Why should doctors wear surgical masks when pulling the plug on Donald Trump? So no one can see their smiles.
What's the difference between an encyclopedia and a Republican senator? The encyclopedia has a spine.  (Apologies to Senators Collins and Murkowski)
As a wine enthusiast, I am appalled by Trump's recent executive orders. What right does he have to ban sommeliers from entering this country?
What do you call to Donald Trump's business card? A trump card
Trump dies and goes to hell. [long]   Trump has a heart attack and dies. He goes to Hell where the Devil is waiting for him. "I don't know what to do," says the Devil. "You're on my list but I have no room for you. But you definitely have to stay here, so I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I've got three people here who weren't quite as bad as you. I'll let one of them go, but you have to take their place. I'll even let YOU decide who leaves." Trump thought that sounded pretty good so he agreed. The devil opened the first room. In it was Richard Nixon and a large pool of water. He kept diving in and surfacing empty handed over and over and over, such was his fate in Hell. "No!" Trump said. "I don't think so. I'm not a good swimmer and I don't think I could do that all day long." The Devil led him to the next room. In it was Tony Blair with a sledgehammer and a room full of rocks. All he did was swing that hammer, time after time after time. "No! I've got this problem with my shoulder. I would be in constant agony if all I could do was break rocks all day!" commented Trump. The Devil opened a third door. In it, Trump saw Bill Clinton lying naked on the floor with his arms staked over his head and his legs staked in spread-eagle pose. Bent over him was Monica Lewinsky, doing what she does best. Trump looked at this in disbelief for a while and finally said, "Yeah, I can handle this." The Devil smiled and said, "Monica, you're free to go!"
What's Trump's favorite album? Pink Floyd - the Wall
Trump walks into a bar with a frog on his head. Bartender asks, "Where'd you get that?" The frog says, "I don't know. It started as a wart on my ass."
Business has been booming in the north since Trump's inauguration. . . They're all stopping in on their way to Canada
What does Trump enjoy on hot day after golfing? A so-called lemonade, a so-called air conditioner, and his so-hot daughter.
Yuck, it stinks in the White House. I think someone trumped.
Why did the Libertarian cross the road? None of your business! Am I being detained?
Did you hear that rumor that Trump commited suicide? Turned out that it was just fake noose.
How is Trump similar to a pumpkin? Both are orange, hollow and should have been thrown out in November.
Kid Rock, Ted Nugent, and Sarah Palin walk into the White House... No, really. They did. 
I just read Trump's book "The Art of the Deal" It had four Chapter 11's. 
There are 3 types of republicans.. There are 3 camps of GOP supporters: #1 The McCain camp or Republicans #2 The McConnell camp or Republican'ts #3 The Trump Camp or Republicunts
Those rumours that Ivanka Trump is having an affair are totally unfounded. ...guess it could be Trudeau..
Donald Trump is like top shelf vodka Expensive, Transparent, and wouldn't be here if not for Russia.
Obama and Trump are running laps around the White House... Obama and Trump are running laps around the White House, after three laps Trump excitedly yells "10 minutes exactly, well that has to be a new record!".  Obama says "I don't think so, Bush did 9:11".
What did Donald Trump do before criticizing illegals? He made sure his pools were clean and his lawns were mowed.  
Bernie supporters are dumber than Hillary supporters. Proof? Hillary supporters spam social media for cash, while Bernie supporters do it for free.
How is Bernie going to pay for free college for everyone? No problem! He'll just make Mexico pay for it!
Donald Trump landed in the capital of Switzerland and turned into ashes as soon as he stepped outside He certainly Felt the Bern
Why are Trump supporters so silent in the internet? Unlike Bernie supporters, they work.
Did you hear Donald Trump was in a fantasy action movie? He was the White Power ranger
How does Donald Trump plan to silence the terrorists? Muzzle 'em
The life expectancy in the US is 78.74 years Unfortunately, Trump is only 70 and Clinton is only 69.
I'm tired of people complaining about trumps policies... so I decided to detail them out here
What does George Bush Jr and Michael Jackson have in common? Bush did 9/11 and Jackson did 9 11 year-olds.
If humans were potatoes what would Donald Trump be called? A dick tater 
What does Hillary and the falcons have in common? They both blew it in the last quarter.
Martelleus Bennett is refusing to meat with Donald Trump. Yeah, he's a real Patriot.
Why California hates Donald Trump? Because life in California is like GTA (Grand Theft Auto).
Trump did a better job getting people to exercise in 1 month than Michelle Obama did in 8 years Look at all those protesters on the streets!
What did Donald Trump say after getting catfished? **FAKE NUDES!**
How did Trump avoid discovery when all of the main means of communication were being traced? He used the alternative fax.
Donald Trump has a particular tell when he lies. His lips are moving.
What's all the fuss about Donald Trump's Russian Ties? I know for a fact that all his Ties are made in China. 
If a conservative is a republican and a liberal is a democrat, what is a moderate? Screwed
To all the haters out there, I think Melania Trump's speech hit all the right keys. Ctrl+C and Ctrl+V
How did Donald Trump get his tonsils removed? Vladimir Putin wore a spiked condom.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on the same stage Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on the same stage in front of a huge crowd.   Trump leans towards Hillary and said, "Do you know that with one little wave of my hand, i can make this YYUGE crowd go absolutely wild with joy? The will not just be a momentary joy, this joy will be YYUGE and they will forever speak of this day as the day that America became great again!"   Hillary replied, "I seriously doubt that! with one little wave of your hand ... show me!"  So Donald Trump backhanded her and THE CROWD ROARED &amp; CHEERED WILDLY. 
Why did Hillary put an Australian athlete on her ticket? She needed a good running mate.
Hillary is talking to The Pope, and he says... "With but one wave of my hand, I can make these people feel joy. Joy that nothing else in the world can bring. And it will be an eternal, everlasting joy."  Hillary says "I'll believe that when I see it."  And so, the Pope raises his hand into the air, and slaps her across the face, and the crowd goes wild.
Why are criticisms of Donald Trump unfair? Because they always take his statements out of Kampftext.
Donald Trump, This is.. (optional)
The FBI's scathing report on Hillary Clinton's illegal handling of top secret information did have a bright side. It seems we won't have to worry about Hillary's finger on the nuclear trigger. Because she'll probably lose it.
Were Trump to propose a ban on Abortions... he could easily modify his slogan to "Make America Late Again"
Trump and Hillary are on an island and have to fight to the death, who wins? America
If Melania's speech was a high school essay... she would have been expelled for plagiarism.
Trump in British English is slang for something else Congratulations on electing your new President Fart
Americans becomes the most divided 2 years before every presidential elections.
How is the RNC going to wash themselves of the reputation Trump has given them? Lather, Reince, repeat.
What would Hillary tell Bill when she will sit at the Oval Office? "Close, Bill, but no cigar!"
Why do people take such an instant dislike to Ted Cruz ? It saves so much time.
What's the difference between anal and oral sex from Trump? I'm actually not sure.      Either way you sticking your dick into his shithole.
Obama, Clinton, and Trump are on a plane... .... Obama says, i can drop 1 $1,000 bill and make someone really happy! OK, Clinton says... I can drop 10 $100 bills and make 10 people really happy. I got you, Trump says... I can drop 100 $10 bills and make 100 people happy! The pilot pops his head around the corner and says "I can drop one plane and make a 155 million people happy".
How are Clinton scandals like Pokémon? You'll never catch them all. 
If Bill Clinton was a construction worker he would be called Bob the Billder Sorry.
(Politics) If trump becomes president... And he identified as a female or got a sex change, would he then be the first woman president?
Donald Trump is talking to a Polish midget. The two are having a great time, and finding all sorts of things in common.  "I'm Polish, but my background is actually German," said the midget.  "What a coincidence, mine too!" said Trump.  "I love my country, but all these filthy immigrants are polluting it these days," said the midget.  "What a coincidence, I feel the same," said Trump.  "And people make fun of me because 'tiny Pole' is a synonym for small dick."  "What a coi-...umm..." Donald Trump glowered angrily in silence.
I keep hearing Americans say if Trump winds they're leaving the country or if Hillary wins they're leaving the country All I'm saying is if you loved travel so much you may have had better political candidates.  
I for one applaud Melania Trump for trying to assimilate to American culture. She plagiarizes like the best of us.
An alien lands on Earth after Donald Trump's presidency ... "Damn ... I landed on another asteroid!" says the alien, and proceeds to search for an actual planet.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a bar. ... Donald leans over, and With A smile on his face, says, "The media are really tearing you apart for That Scandal."   Hillary: "You mean my lying about Benghazi?" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "You mean the massive voter fraud?" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "You mean the military not getting their votes counted?" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "Using my secret private server with classified material to Hide my Activities?" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything Else?" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, Hiring Cronies, And taking bribes from foreign countries? Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "You mean the drones being operated in our own country without The Benefit of the law?" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it Declared Bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?" Trump: "No the other one:"   Hillary: "The IRS targeting conservatives?" Trump: "No the other one:"   Hillary: "Turning Libya into chaos?" Trump: "No the other one:"   Hillary: "Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?" Trump: "No the other one:"   Hillary: "Turning our backs on Israel?" Trump: "No the other one:"   Hillary: "The joke Iran Nuke deal? " Trump: "No the other one:"   Hillary: "Leaving Iraq in chaos? " Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "The DOJ spying on the press?" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 Months Later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "The NSA monitoring citizens' ?" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet" Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "I give up! ... Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware and China when Bill left Office?" Trump: "THAT'S IT! I almost forgot about that one".
Bill Clinton dies... ...and goes to hell. Satan himself greets Bill at the gates. "Welcome to hell, Bill. Come with me, allow me to give you a personal tour." So Bill follows Satan around, when they come to an endless wall of clocks, each one ticking at a different speed - some tick by at a crawl, and some tick rather quickly.  "Satan, what are all these clocks for?"    "Well Bill, there's a clock of each living person on Earth, and every time they tell a lie, one second is ticked away."    Bill thinks about it for a minute, then says "Satan, I'd like to see my wife's."    Satan replies "Oh, I keep Hillary's in my office. I use it as my ceiling fan."
Donald Trump secretly wants to lose the election? If he wins, he'll have to move into a smaller house in a black neighborhood.
[Politics] How are Trump's supporters and his opponents alike? Both think he is the second coming of Hitler.
If the FBI create a sitcom about detaining Trump for his real estate misdeeds... ... would it be called Arrested Development?
What’s Donald Trump’s Least Favorite Band? Foreigner.
What do you call it when Barrack Obama runs away from a German? Jewking
Merkel, Putin and Trump are standing on the northsea shore. Putin starts bragging about how his submarines can last weeks under water. Trump stops him quickly to proclaim that american submarines could stay under water for months. Merkel starts speaking trying to hide the incompetence of the german military as the water bubbles and a submarine emerges. The hatch opens and a man exits shouting: „ Heil Hitler we need Diesel!“
What's trumps favorite movie? Wall-e
Donald Trump used to enjoy having first wife Ivana.... sit on his knees so he could raise and lower her. Guess not the first time he bounced a Czech.
Bill Clinton says "Hey Monica, you want to see the clock in the Oval Office?....... She says "sure"... and goes in there.  Bill Clinton unzips his pants and pulls out his little Billy.  Monica says "That's not a clock".    To which Bill replies "It is if you put two hands and a face on it".
What's the difference between Bernie Sanders and a free lunch? Bernie Sanders exists.
Last weekend, we played paintball at a Weight Watchers congress. It was a mass shooting.
The Alt-Right is to Neo Nazis as a Lightning Bug is to a Firefly... You call them different things based on what part of the country you're from, but in reality, they're the same!
Bill Clinton and Bill Cosby are chatting... Cosby: Have you ever had a cigar dipped in brandy?  Clinton: No, but I once had a cigar dipped in Monica.  Cosby: Now, why didn't I think of that...
Trump wants to be remembered like President Lincoln He wants to be president during a civil war.   (I think I may get hate mail because of this. I guess that's how these wars start!)
So Donald Trump was talking to one of his aides, and off on one of his usual rants “We need less immigrants! Less Mexicans! Less Colombians! Less Guatemalans! Less Puerto Ricans!”  Finally the aide couldn’t take it anymore, leaned in and said quietly: “fewer.”  “I told you not to call me that yet!!”
What two words will, when heard, get any Trump supporter to rant at length about Hillary Clinton? "Donald" and "Trump".
Trump is right when he says vaccines cause autism. because Donald Trump was vaccinated.
Not everything Donald Trump says is stupid He also calls people moron
What does Charlie Chan have in common with Fred Trump? They both have a number one son.
America elected Donald Trump And we're going toupée for it
Proof that Donald Trump is a racist Tomorrow he is going to throw a black family out of their house.
What do you call Trump's presidential campaign? A white lie
So I heard Donald Trump announced Melania will be giving a speech... ... glad to hear Michelle Obama will have writing work after leaving the White House.
A White House aide tells Donald Trump that one hundred people will attend his next event. "A hundred thousand people?" Trump asks, "Do we even have enough room for 1.5 million people?"
Why is it so difficult for Trump supporters to find a job? Because Russia banned LinkedIn
I'm not sure if Trump will be re-elected I don't have 2020 vision.
What is the sound of Trump's head hitting the Liberty Bell? Dunnnnnnng
What do you call a Trump-supporting midget having a seizure? A Foul Munchkin Malfunction
What do you call a musician Trump supporter? A Trump-et
Its not surprising that Republicans lost two presidental races to Obama In long   races usually the guy from Kenya wins.    
I don't believe Trump when he says he doesn't smoke In the past 2 months I've seen him smoke 2 Cubans.
Hillary is the fiscally conservative choice for President... ...because we can pay her 78% of what we'd have to pay Trump.
Why did Bernie Sanders cross the road? He didn't, he was distributed evenly on both sides. Bernie supporters, please don't downvote me to hell, it's just a joke
What is Donald Trump's favourite music album? The Wall
If i had a penny for every tiem Trump said something stupid... I´d have a small loan of 5 million dolars
How does Obama like his coffee? Weak. Like himself.  Edit; Wow you can edit from mobile.  Yes Zach G. Said it on his show...between the ferns[?]. Feel better pointing out someone poated a joke someone else said? I've stolen many things in my life ma'am but i dont take credit for jokes.   Edit 2: Wow, downvote? And besides, how much original content do you see or expect to see on r/jokes? I'm under the impreasion this sub is for laughs....  I raise a motion everyone who posts here does due diligence and see if anyone has said it before [due diligence equals google search] and give a source or footnotes or bibliography for all the jokes posted here. When you tell a joke to family or friends, do you run through a list of everyone known to you to have said the joke previously? Get a grip and just laugh ffs.
If I was put in a room with Trump and Clinton with a gun that had one bullet, and told whoever I didn't choose would be president I'd kill myself
Obama ran around the whitehouse with Biden. Their total time was 9:48. When they had finished Biden said "Hey Barack, did we beat the record?" Out of breath Obama said "No, Bush did 9:11"
You are stuck in a room with Adolf Hitler and Donald Trump. You have a gun with 2 bullets in it, what do you do? *Shoot myself twice*
Hillary Clinton's recent case of pneumonia just goes to show There's only one candidate who can dodge a draft. 
If the vice president of the Clinton administration made suggestions based off of your listening history... It would be an algorerhythm.
Donald Trump says he can "protect the Constitution" Do people really think he can stop Nic Cage?
What did the Trump Train do when it approached the station? It kept going.  No brakes.  :(
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump walk into a debate... America says, "What is this, a joke?"
Clinton didn't faint due to heat exhaustion... ... she was just doing her steel beam impression.
How is a Trump campaign chief like a vibrator? Both are charged with battery.
Donald Trump, Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton, Pope Francis and a Boy Scout are all on a plane that is about to crash... They quickly realize there are only four parachutes and one of them is going to die.   Barack Obama says "I am the leader of the free world and commander in chief. I also have two daughters that need me. I must survive!" He takes a parachute and he jumps out of the plane.  Donald Trump says "I am richest man in the world. I have a multi-billion dollar company and many jobs depend on me! I am going to make America great again, I must survive!" He takes a parachute and he jumps out of the plane.  Hillary Clinton says "I am the World's Smartest Woman! The world needs me! I must survive!" She takes a parachute and jumps out of the plane.  There's only one parachute left and Pope Francis looks at the boy scout and says "I am old and haven't many years left, you should take the parachute, young man."  The boy scout says "There's still another parachute for you too! The World's Smartest Woman took my backpack!"
What do you call a person in the White House who is honest, intelligent, and law-abiding? A tourist.
Maybe we should put Obama on the $20 bill Then we would finally get the change he promised.
What's Donald Trump's favorite Pink Floyd Album? The Dark Side of the Moon... What a filthy casual.
Donald Trump, his publicist, and his ghostwriter walk into a bar... "So you're alone tonight, Donnie?"
Did you hear about the new Miley Cyrus/Donald Trump collaboration project? They're calling it "Make America Gyrate Again" - it's all about putting people back to twerk.
If Trump wins after Obama leaves office... Does that mean that orange really is the new black? 
Hillary, Donald and Bernie all die and get sent to the Pearly Gates.... ...upon their arrival Bernie immediately exclaims to St. Peter "I'm with her!".  Donald proceeds into Heaven.  #THE END
Its not that Hillary is old and confused. But she did print out her emails so she could shred them.
Donald Trump "is intensely loyal...he will never let you down." .... - his third wife
Why can't Hillary Clinton be called a female? Because she deleted the emale.
How many Americans does it take to change a light bulb? None. According to Trump, they outsourced it to India &amp; China.
Donald Trump is a Mac user... He's not a fan of PC culture
Donald Trump said his wife's speech is the most talked about political speech in history I haven't heard something so outrageous in four score and seven years
Why did Obama get two terms? Because black men always get a longer sentence
What was Monica Lewinsky's job at the White House? Receiving heads of state.
What do Foghorn Leghorn and Donald Trump have in common? They're both big racist cocks
Why do so many Trumpies end up playing Minecraft? They were looking for Mein Kampf and got misdirected.
Hillary clinton might be the first f president Sorry I meant female but the emale got deleted
Donald trump and a slinky have a lot in common... They are both useless piles of garbage but they'll put a smile on your face if you shove them down the stairs.
Who is more is ignorant, Trump or Clinton? ignorance is bliss
What do you call Trump supporting turtle that is warming itself in the sun? A basking deplorable
Gary Johnson in an Interview.. Reporter: Knock Knock!  Gary Johnson: Who's there?  Reporter: What is Alep  Gary Johnson: What is Alepwho?  Reporter: a-are you serious?
If Donald Trump's campaign was a Pokemon, then it'd be Blissey. Because it has the highest HP out of all the campaigns. It can undergo far more attacks before it crumbles.
Hillary and Trump are in a plane crash. Who survives? America.
Donald and Hillary walk into a presidential debate. And America walks out
Various News Headlines Kanye meets Trump Mainstream news headline: Kanye visits President Elect Trump.                                                                        Liberal news feed: Crazy Kanye visits Racist Trump. Alt Right headline: Trump interviews janitor
Why are the majority of comedians Republican? Because women rights are a joke.
My wife and I got into a yuuuge fight when she found out I voted for Trump. I just wanted to Make Our Marriage Fellate Again.
What's the difference between Margaret Hamilton and Hillary Clinton? One was a wicked witch.  The other was a famous Hollywood actress.
Hillary Clinton is so bad at running for president... ...the only person she could beat is Donald Trump.    - Colbert Report
George Bush dies and goes to hell Satan is already waiting for him.  'Well, I don't know what to do. See, you're on my list, but I have no free rooms for you. But you, you definitely have to stay in hell, so I'll have to find a solution. There are a few people here who aren't as bad as you are... I guess I'll let one go and you'll take their place. However, you can choose whose place you want to take.  'Oh, that sounds okay I guess' says Bush.  Satan leads him to the first room and opens the door. In this room, there's a huge swimming pool. In it, Reagan is drowning. He goes down, then up, then down, then up, and he's gasping for air all the while.  'Oh, no,' says Bush. 'That's not for me, I'm a poor swimmer.'  Satan opens the second door. The room is full of rocks and they see Nixon trying to break up the rocks with a wooden hammer.  'Nah, I have problems with my shoulders and my back, that'd be such a painful thing to do day after day.'  So Satan opens the third door. In the room, they see Clinton lying on the floor, all tied up. Monica Lewinsky is lying on top of Clinton, giving him a blowjob. Bush stares at the scene with a wide smile and says:  'Ah, that I could endure!'  'Alright,' laughs Satan. 'Monica, you're free to go!'
What's the difference between Trump and Hitler? Hitler never raped a 13 year old.
Following Donald Trump on Twitter is kinda like... ...following your dog with the pooper scooper when you take him on a walk  ideas?
Trump wants the US to build a wall and have the Mexicans pay for it Between the two countries one is known for having loads of money and the other is known for good hard workers. Shouldn't the Mexicans be building the wall the US finances?
What is the diference betwen Hilary and Trump? Make your own response.
Why couldn't the Asian country with erectile dysfunction become democratic? Because it couldn't get an erection
If Trump and Clinton are in an airplane crash and are stranded on an island, who survives? America.
If Trump wins I'm leaving the country if Clinton wins I'm leaving the country Not a political post, I'm just a pilot so I always travel
Trump want to grab some p***y this morning...... Trump want to grab some p***y this morning...........................but the Bush was missing Today.
I'm playing Monopoly with Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton... Trump grabbed Community Chest as fast as he could, is building hotels on properties he doesn't really own and is refusing to pay income tax  Clinton started out with a house on Illinois Ave, somehow always has a "Get out of jail free" card and keeps saying she respects any opponent holding Vermont Ave  However, in the end, I have a feeling neither will be satisfied until they get a house on Pennsylvania Ave
What is a Trump supporters favourite exercise? White power walking!
Donald Trump is like a Halloween pumpkin... Orange, full of slime, evil grin, and thrown out in early November.
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump ? One's a dumb and the other is dumber 
What is Trump's favorite animated movie? WALL-E
Donald Trump was just issued a notice by the IRS Ordering him toupee up.
You know why Trump is still the GOP candidate? The GOP is pro-life.
Allegations against Trump must stop. He does not consent!
Since married famous people often mix names, shouldn't Hillary and Bill's be... Hillbilly?
What does Trumps Hair and a Thong have in common..? They both barely cover the asshole.
Trump wants to pass a law banning grocery stores from selling shredded cheese... ... in order to "make America Grate again"
Donald and Hillary Go Into A Bakery... Donald and Hillary go into a bakery while on the campaign trail. As soon as they enter the bakery, Hillary steals three pastries and puts them in her pocket.  She says to The Donald: “See how clever I am? The owner didn't see anything, and I don't even need to lie. I will definitely win the election”.  The Donald says to Hillary: "That's the typical dishonesty you have displayed throughout your entire life – it’s all trickery and deceit. Now I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result."  Donald goes to the owner of the bakery and says: "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick."  Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. Trump eats it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then Donald asks for a third pastry and eats that one too!  The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks: "What did you do with the pastries?"  Trump replies: "Look in Hillary's pocket"  Edit: I just wanted to let you guys know I didn't make this joke up. I got it from an email forward. I just found it funny and want to share with you all.
What do Trump supporters and child molesters have in common? They both like immature assholes.
Trump should be marked NSFW Not Safe For World.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton? One of them is a rape apologist who'd sell out the country for a cheap buck, the other one is Donald Trump.  
Why are there so few good Mexican stand up comedians. Because they're not sending their best. They're sending criminals, thieves, they're rapists.
I have a file on my computer named Hillary Clinton When I tried to open it, I got a message saying ' file is too corrupt'
What are the two problems Donald Trump is currently being treated for ?   1) Electile Dysfunction         and   2)  Premature Congratulations.  
What do you call someonr who's afraid of Obama? Baracknophobic
If Hillary wins the election... Will she hire immigrants to install the glass ceiling in the White House?
What does Trump's hair and a thong have in common? They both barely cover the asshole.
Guess who Trump's favorite comedian is. mike birBIGLIa
How many groping victims does it take to stop Trump from being president? We're about to find out..
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? For hispanic attacks.
How did the Trump supporter find his sister in the woods? Not bad.
Donald trumps next book should be called ... The gift of the grab. 
On the last day of Barack's presidency, he and Donald Trump go to the same barbershop to get their hair done. On the last day of Barack's presidency, he and Donald Trump go to the same barbershop to get their hair done.  Barbers decide not to talk about politics, and everybody ends up not talking at all. The air is so tense. it could be almost cut with the barber's knife.   Donald's hair gets finished first, and when the barber tries to apply some cologne to it, Donald goes nuts "Are you out of your mind? I can't go to my house smelling like I've been in a brothel. Melania would go crazy".   Right at that point the other barber finishes doing Barack's hair and goes, "So Mr. President, I guess you won't like cologne either?"   "I don't have a problem with that", says Barack with half smile on his face; "Michelle doesn't know what a brothel smells like."
Hillary's National Monument Hillary Clinton promised to build a national monument to the memory of her mentor, Ku Klux Klan Kleagle and Exalted Cyclops Robert Byrd. When reporters asked Hillary if she could still erect the statue in the wake of her landslide defeat, she exclaimed, "I'll burn that cross when I come to it!" 
Donald Trump is the next President but... The biggest winner is Melania Trump. She can now call herself The First Lady instead of The Third Wife. 
Why should you bring friends when tipping a police car for Hillary? Stronger Together.
A congressman was walking down the street A congressman was walking down the street when suddenly a thief jumps in front of him. The thief stuck a pistol in a man’s ribs and said, “Give me your money.” The gentleman, shocked by the sudden attack, said “You cannot do this, I’m a United States congressman!” The thief said, “In that case, give me my money!”
Clinton's blue firewall... About as secure as her private email server.
Everybody knows about Trumps reality show, "the Apprentice." But, did you know about Hillary's show?  "the Biggest Loser."
Kinda' surprised that more gay men didn't vote for Trump I always heard they prefer assholes.
What's the biggest difference between Republicans and Democrats? Republicans sign their checks on the front, and democrats sign on the back. 
Why did Donald Trump outlaw grated cheese ? So he could make America grate again.
What would President Trump say to the missiles after he pushes the red button? "You're fired"
What is it called when Donald Trump rides a camel? A trump on a hump
Why doesn't the GOP establishment want Trump as their nominee? They hate colored people.
Where does Obama Get his drugs from? Joe Buysdem
Donald Trump says US should let China keep seized underwater drone oops wrong sub
If Donald Trump can become President, you can do anything! Unless you're Mexican, Muslim, Black, Chinese, to be honest any type of immigrant....   What am I saying, we're all fucked
Congress has been kidnapped... A driver was stuck in a traffic jam on the highway outside Washington, DC. Nothing was moving.  Suddenly, a man knocks on the window. The driver rolls down the window and asks, "What's going on?"  "Terrorists have kidnapped the entire US Congress, and they're asking for a $100 million dollar ransom. Otherwise, they are going to douse them all in gasoline and set them on fire.  We are going from car to car, collecting donations."  "How much is everyone giving, on an average?" the driver asks.  The man replies, "Roughly a gallon."
What did Hitler say to the Bernie Sanders supporter on Nov. 8?" " 'Jew vote?"
Trump: "Let's get that Muslim band going" "Band? We thought you said ban"  Trump: "No way, that's harsh. Also, how's the Mexican mall going?"
Trump is President Oh...Wait. Fuck
You know what Trump has besides money? A barber with a sense of humor.
How do you stop people from rioting and leave the Trump Tower. Put up a job fair sign.
When Bill and Hillary first got married.... Bill said, "I am putting a box under our bed. You must promise never to look in it."  In all their 30 years of marriage, Hillary never looked. However, on the afternoon of their 30th anniversary, curiosity got the better of her and she lifted the lid and peeked inside.  In the box there were 3 empty beer cans and $1,874.25 in cash. After dinner, Hillary could no longer contain her guilt and she confessed, saying, "I am so sorry. For all these years I kept my promise and never looked in the box under our bed. However, today the temptation was too much and I gave in. But now I need to know why do you keep the empty cans in the box?"  Bill thought for a while and said, "I guess that after all these years you deserve to know the truth. Whenever I was unfaithful to you, I put an empty beer can in the box under the bed to remind myself not to do it again."  Hillary was shocked, but said, "I am very disappointed and saddened, but I guess after all those years away from home on the road, temptation does happen and I guess that 3 times is not that bad considering the number of years we've been together."  They hugged and made their peace. A little while later, Hillary asked Bill - "So why do you have all that money in the box?"  Bill answered, "Well, whenever the box filled up with empty cans... I took them to the recycling center and redeemed them for cash!"
What did Obama say to the Vice President before leaving the White House? Bi  den! 
What do Trump supporters and Flat Earthers have in common? They both hate globalists.
Why is Trump like the Samsung Note 7? Because people want something new but they don't want it blowing up in their face
What kind of tea is hard for democrats and progressives to swallow today? Reality.
A Tea party like revolution is coming to the Democratic party after the election. And it will be called Half-Caff-Extra-Whip-Soy-Latte Party
Why is Hillary Clinton running for President? Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement.
What do Donald Trump and the iPhone 7 have in common? They both think de-porting is the answer when there's no more Jobs.
Out of habit, Wednesday morning Trump's business office... ...has sent the Obama's an eviction notice. 
Obama is the epitome of why Americans are so racist Just another soon-to-be unemployed black man, evicted from his house, and living on government money.
Donald Trump and Martha Steward had a love child He wants to make America bake again
Duterte, Kim Jong Un, Trump and Putin walk into a bar The world ended
Trump and Clinton One will join the rest of us losing in November
So Hillary Clinton recently said half of Tump's supporters are a "Basket of deplorables". Next Trump will respond saying:  "Half of Hillary's supporters are deportables"
Small problem with Donald Trump's like logic. Yes Donald, you can build a wall, yes you can make the Mexican's pay for it. But who's gonna build the wall? 
Donald Trump That's it. That's the joke.
In the Presidential debates, the three most popular candidates were asked "Do you think Clinton told the truth about her classified emails?" Hillary Clinton answered immediately:   what exactly is "*classified*"?  \-\-  Donald Trump asked:   what exactly is "*truth*"?  \-\-  Finally Gary Johnson responds:   **wait, what the hell are "emails"?**
What's the difference between a stuffed Turkey and President Donald Trump? The Turkey sounds better.
Obama : The people are worried Hillary is not focused.... How is her head currently??? Bill Clinton: Well she's no Monica... But she's good. 
Whats Hillary Clintons favorite pizza place? Little Seizures 
What's the difference between a bot and a Trump supporter? A bot has a chance of reacing self-awareness in our lifetime.
Other Trump supporters might be racist, but I'm not. My girlfriend's black. But only the area around her eyes where I punch her.
What's the difference between a Trumpie and a KKK member? Five days of the week.
A Jew, a Czech Republican, and a Canadian go golfing. Out of nowhere, an alligator appears and eats the Czech Republican.   The Jew and the Canadian chase the alligator into the woods, and when they finally catch up to it, they see that there are two alligators there; a male and a female.  The Canadian takes out his lumber axe and asks the Jew "Which one should I kill?" To which the Jew replies "The male."  So the Canadian kills the male alligator and       looks inside, but finds that there's nothing there.  What's the moral of this story?  Never trust a Jew when they say that there's a Czech in the male.
What's Trump's least favourite vegetable? Cillary!
Donald Trump was down in Rio at the Olympics. He wanted to see how high the Mexican pole vault team was getting. 
Metro don't trust trump. Future gon' shoot him.
Why does Donald Trump love his small hands? Because they are the perfect size to jerk his tiny ding dong
Donald trump The last American president was black, polls suggest that the next president will be Donald trump.....  Huh. I guess orange is the new black
Raise your hand if you're voting for Hillary Now slap yourself.
Donald Trump will make America Great Again... ... he's already grating on me!
The told me, if I vote for Hillary... They told me, if I vote for Hillary, that I would get a president who would be under FBI investigation for four years.  They were right.  I voted for Hillary, and I got a president who will be under FBI investigation for four years.  [source -- An old friend used to tell me a similar joke about an election many many years ago. I just updated it for the current times.]
Between the Wizards, the Capitals and the White House.. .. Washington has never been more incompetent than during the last week.
Donald Trump is taking on the establishment like Debby took on Dallas
No matter what you think about Trump there is one thing you have to give him credit for... ...he really tries hard to end the worst presidency in history.
George W. Bush, Barack Obama and Donald Trump are going for a job interview . . . George Bush, Barack Obama and Donald Trump are going for a job interview with God.   God asks Bush: “What do you believe in?”   Bush replies: “I believe in a free economy, a strong America, the American nation and so on …”   God is impressed by Bush and tells him: “Great, come sit on the chair on my right.”   God goes to Obama and asks: “What do you believe in?”   Obama replies: “I believe in democracy, helping the poor, world peace, etc. …”   God is really impressed by Obama and tells him: “Well done, come sit on the chair on my left.”   Finally, God asks Trump: “What do you believe in”?   Trump replies: “I believe you’re sitting on my chair.”
If Trump and Satan were candidates for the next election I'd vote for the lesser evil,  Satan
President Trump announces his intentions Trump: I'm going to drain the swamp.  Swamp: Hold my beer!
What's Trump's favorite mammal? A cheetah.
How is my wallet like the Obama administration? Not enough change
News: Trump meets with Pope at Vatican…   “Bless you, my child,” said the Pope, to the driver who took Trump away.
Republican: "All life is precious..." Until it steps on my fucking property.     Credit: Jim Jefferies 
Trump, Putin, and Merkel Trump, Putin, and Merkel are walking along a waterfront when Trump starts to brag that American submarines can stay submerged for two months.   Not to be outdone, Putin says: "That's nothing. Russian submarines can stay submerged for two years."  Merkel is just about to open her mouth when a large sub surfaces. The hatch opens and a man in a military uniform sticks his head out and says:  "Heil Hitler, is the war over yet?"
Trump may be 2 trillion short on his budget... It's not his fault, though. It's just a Conservative estimate.
What is Donald Trump's plan for combating global warming? Nuclear winter
Know why Muslims fear Trump so much? Because if you deport Juan you deport Jamal. 
Trump is a man of his word With the way the year is shaping up, it looks like he's going to be draining that swamp. 
How many Donald Trumps does it take to screw in a light bulb? We will never know because after he screws something he pays it $130,000 not to tell anyone. 
Donald Trump was recently asked "Do you know the difference between Sunni and Shia?" He replied "I don't know which is which but I loved their song 'I got you babe'."
I heard Trump has put more women in positions of power than any other president.. ... in business and government you perverted bigot. 
President Donald Trump and his motorcade are cruising along a country road to Florida after the government shutdown. Suddenly they hit a pig, killing it instantly. Trump tells his chief of staff to go up to the farmhouse and explain to the owners what had happened. About one hour later Trump sees him staggering back to the car with a bottle of wine in one hand, a cigar in the other and his clothes all ripped and torn.  "What happened to you?" asked Trump  "Well, the Farmer gave me the wine, his wife gave me the cigar and his 21-year-old daughter made mad passionate love to me."  "My God, what did you tell them?" asks Trump.  "I said I'm Donald Trump's Chief of staff, and I just killed the pig." 
What is Donald Trump's most effective form of contraception? His personality
Why does Bernie know he'll win the elections? Because his good friend Nostradamus told him he would.
Never trust a "Bernie" to manage your finances... The last one I knew Madoff with all my money.
You know most people don't think Trump is a traditional president... But he does wear a wig.
Was the Trump presidency just a nightmare? It may have just ended with someone pissing the bed.
Trump won because he always looks on the bright side When life gave him lemons he threw a lemonparty
Is Donald Trump a Communist? Because he seizes the means of reproduction.
What would happen if Donald Trump was about to be assassinated? Secret Service would shout "Donald, Duck!"
Trump gets stumped Donald Trump is reading the news and the press calls him a word he does not know the meaning to.  "Mike!", he barks.  Mike Pence scurries into the office nervously.  "Yes Mr. President?"  "What does this word mean?", Trump demands.  "Huh, I don't know Mr. President."  "What do you mean you don't know!?"  "Well, I've only heard it being used to describe women", Pence admits.  "What?! How dare they?!" "I need to know it's meaning"  Trump picks up the phone and makes a call.  "Yes? Vladimir?... Sorry, Mr. Putin?"  "Yes, I know it's really late in Russia and I apologize, but I'm  calling to ask permission to Google the word 'submissive'"
Republicans love black people! They send millions of them to a place where they get a free room, free rent and a gym membership
LOL do you think Donald Trump is trying to lead the United States through his twitter account? Someone from his staff really needs to replace his phone with some old-school Nokia phone, no?
Steph Curry, Donald Trump, a schoolboy, and the Pope are on an airplane. The airplane was about to crash, but there were only 3 parachutes.  Steph Curry said, "I am Steph Curry, the best NBA basketball player. The Warriors and my millions of fans need me, and I can't afford to die." So he took the 1st parachute and left the plane.  Donald Trump said, "I am the newly-elected U.S. President, and I am the smartest President in American history, so my people don't want me to die." He took the 2nd parachute and jumped out of the plane.  The Pope said to the schoolboy, "My son, I am old and don't have many years left, you have more years ahead so I will sacrifice my life and let you have the last parachute." The schoolboy took the 3rd pack and jumped out of the plane.  The Pope realized that the schoolboy had not, in fact, taken a parachute after all, and took the last parachute and jumped out of the plane.
Have you heard the latest on Donald Trump? He's a real pisser. 
Some people liken the rise of Trump to Hitler I wouldn't lose sleep over it, he's not smart enough.
Have you ever stopped and thought about why the republican party of America has a donkey as a symbol? After yesterday we all know why now. 
Trumps first week in office proves he's a bigot. I mean its only been 3 days and he's fighting trans partnership.
What did Trump say to Sean Spicer before he made the press release about the inauguration? &gt;Hey Sean, *Spice* the number up a bit.
Trump is ordering an investigation into his own claims of voter fraud Can he start with the frauds they keep putting in front of the voters?
I can't believe that Trump is banning Muslims from the U.S. Like, Syria-sly America?
What is Trumps favorite movie? Minority Report!
Enrique Peña Nieto, Malala Yousafzai, and Donald Trump are walking along a beach It's a bit of an oldie, and I think the last time I heard it, it came off as pretty racist. But I think the current political climate allows me to rehash it better.   Enrique Peña Nieto, who is the Mexican President, is walking along the beach one day with the US President, Donald Trump, and prominent middle eastern human rights activist Malala Yousafzai.   They happen to come across a lamp, and of course what anyone does when they discover a random lamp, they each give it a good rub and out pops an all-powerful genie.   "3 Of you have awoken me! But I have only 3 wishes to give!" Shouts the Genie. "I will give each of you 1 wish, choose wisely!"  Enrique speaks up first, "Oh magical Genie! I'd like Mexico to become a wealthy and strong nation! I want to be able to provide for our people and keep them safe from the Cartels! I want the economy in our country to be strong enough that families need not leave in order to find jobs. I want Mexican culture to flourish such that people are proud to be Mexican and can come home and celebrate with all of their friends and family!"  *Poof* - and just like that, the Mexican Peso surges past the US Dollar, and all the Mexican immigrants in America are rushing back to Mexico to work more lucrative jobs. Even now in fact, some Americans are illegally crossing the border trying to get jobs in the new world economic superpower.   Malala goes next. "Genie, please! I wish that there was peace in the middle east! That all of Pakistan, India, Iraq, Iran, Syria, Libya... All of it! I wish that everyone could come to their senses and stop fighting for power, and instead work towards bettering their own societies. Education and equality for all, men, women, and children! Allow those of any  faith, be that Muslim, Jew, Hindu, Christian, Buddhist, whatever they wish to believe - allow them to live harmoniously together and bring about a peaceful revolution to world.   *Poof* - and just like that, all across the middle east a sense of calm crosses the land. People set aside their differences and come to understand one another. New glorious Multi-faith temples arise that attract pilgrims and tourists, and Schools and Universities spring up all over - creating a new intellectual hub of the world. People from all over are trying to get into these prestigious schools to learn from the greatest minds, and this open and safe mix of cultures creates a near utopia like region of the globe.  Last is Donald Trump. As he's checking his twitter and other online news feeds, he sees that America has fallen from great heights. All of the low-income workforce has left the country, and those with the means to leave the country have done so to move on to greener pastures. What's left is a mess of those too impoverished to leave or too proud or uneducated to see why they should.  Donald Trump takes a look at all of this, then turns to the genie and says, "Well, so long as the Mexicans and Muslims are gone, I'll just take a Pepsi." 
Trump discovered the lost spice girl... Stupid Spice
Trump never eats russian salad... He knows what Vladmir Putin it.
What do you call an actor that gets employed by trump? Alec Baldwin 
How do Mexicans feel about Trumps wall? They're already over it.
I've found out the real reason that stores are pulling Trump merchandise from their stores. Everything "Trump" is made in Russia.
Grammar Nazis have mixed emotions about Trump. And before the comments get flooded by r/S4P or r/t_d, it's just a joke, ya know, about how his grammar is fucking awful and he's a Nazi.
I don't know why everyone is so worried about Trump. He's just trying to get everyone in the US to shit enough bricks to build this wall.
How many republicans does it take to change a light bulb? Still waiting to see. After 7 years, they're still not sure how to replace it.
What will Trump do about the leak problem? Depends.
Donald Trump just does not get it... "The buck stops here." does not mean "Screw your contractors and keep the cash." It also does not mean, "Blame everyone else when everything goes wrong."
If Donald Trump becomes president, he pledges to prohibit the sales of pre-grated cheese.... Apparently it's in a bid to make America grate again!    (*I'm sorry i'll leave now*)
What's the difference between Craftsman and Trump? One is a well-tempered tool, the other is an ill-tempered tool. 
I'm really worried of discrimination based on skin color during the Trump regime The thing is, unfortunately, I'm not orange...
Donald Trump is kind of like rape We're getting fucked by a man we don't want, people tell us it's our fault, and the only way forward is to accept it and keep living life.
Plans are already underway for a Trump Library... It's the first time a Presidential library will have *just* scratch and sniff books.
Who would survive if Trump and Clinton both were stranded on a island? America
Trump can't release his taxes Putin hasn't sent his W2s yet
TRUMP IS NOT MY PRESIDENT! I live in Brazil
China already tried Trump's giant wall idea, and we saw how that worked out... not too many fuckin' Mexicans in China, are there?
I really like Trump and his policies. But I also would really like to see the end of the world. 
I don't get the fuss over Trump's "alternative facts" He's just alt-right.
Why did Colonel Sanders keep his eleven herbs and spices a secret? Because he was ashamed of them
Why was Hillary Clinton's ass jealous? All the shit was coming from her mouth.
Bernie Sanders should change his name to Colonel. That way he'll surely get the black vote.
Hilary clinton married for love Love of power, sure, but it's technically love
Why an Irish man might vote for Donald Trump ​Because he thinks his Capital will keep on Dublin​​ under his presidency 
Did you hear the one about Bernie Sanders? Probably not, the /r/politics mods deleted it before anyone saw.
An actual quote by President George Bush "The problem with the french is that they don't have a word for entrepreneurs"
Whom does Donald Trump call when he loses his hair? Toupee Fiasco!
Trump is developing a new hotel brand... It's called The Golden Shower HOtel.
What did trump say to the prostitute when she asked him to rate his experience? You're an eight all over.
What did Donald Trump say to the moderately attractive Russian prostitute? "You're an eight."  (say it fast) 
Why does Donald Trump always seem upset? Because it's better to be pissed off than pissed on.
Donald Trump is going to be president in 4 days. That..that's it...
I think even Republicans can agree that Obama was the best black President ever.
My mother was saying how Trump's wife was beautiful during the inauguration Which one?
What is Melania Trump's favorite drink? Orange juice ...  ... with a straw. 
Trump is supporting the minorities The minority of scientists that disbelieve global warming. 
In the year 2040 Barron Trump runs for president of USA His platform: THE DOME. 
You know, those people who insult Obama and the Clintons.. really need to stop beating around the Bush.
How do you starve a Bernie Sanders supporter? Elect Bernie Sanders as president.
The Democratic People's Republic of North Korea Why is Kim Jong Un so evil? Because he has no Seoul. In fact, he made a Korea out of it.  Why was Kim Il Sung evil sometimes but not evil other times? He used to have a Seoul.  Edit: I know this joke went south fast. Just like the refugees.
US and Russian relations can't get worse thanks to Trump... Once you go through an election together, you can't fight
Why does Donald Trump love Brawndo? It's got what Russian plants crave.
Now that he's unemployed, Bill O'Reilly should start a news show with Biden and Trump. It'd be a real Grope Opera. 
The problem with Trump jokes: Republicans don't think they're funny, and Democrats don't think they're jokes.
Hillary and Donald are in a plane that crashed. Who survived? The pilot who jumped out with a parachute.
Now that Ted Cruz dropped out, there is only one man standing in Trump's way Hilary Clinton
Donald Trump ans Hillary Clinton are about to jump off a bridge We don't give a sh*t
Hillary Clinton doesn't suck! Just ask Bill
What is Donald Trump planning to name the wall between America and Mexico? The Beaner Blocker
Donald and Hillary Go Into A Bakery Donald and Hillary Go Into A Bakery on the Campaign Trail.  As soon as they enter the bakery, Hillary steals three pastries and puts them in her pocket.  She says to Donald, "See how clever I am? The owner didn't see anything and I don't even need to lie. I will definitely win the election."  Then Donald says to Hillary, "That's the typical dishonesty you have displayed throughout your entire life, trickery and deceit. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result."  Donald goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick." Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. Trump swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then Donald asks for a third pastry and eats that, too.  The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "What did you do with the pastries?"  Trump replies, "Look in Hillary's pocket."
Breaking news: Trump has fallen into a wishing well. I am as surprised as you are. I had no idea they actually worked.
How do they greet Donald Trump's running mate in England? Tuppence.
What's the difference between Kim Jong Un and Hillary Clinton? One is called "The Great Leader" and the other, "Great Deleter"
Did Donald Trump make the right choice when picking his running mate? It de-Pence on who you ask.
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb? None. Illegal immigrants are stealing all the jobs.
Trump and Sanders Trump and Sanders were walking through a field and came upon a sheep with his head stuck in a fence.    Sanders says to Trump, "watch this!"    Sanders whips down his drawers and has violent sex with the sheep.  The sheep is just laying there, half dead.  Sanders says to Trump, "Did you like that Trump?" Trump says, "Yes."  Sanders says, "Do you want to try it?" Trump says, "Ya but I don't think that I can fit my head in the fence." 
If Trump is the answer.... How stupid is the question?
I gave $20 to Sanders today, I don't care what any of you say. I got The Colonel's $20 Fill Up. It has 8 pieces of Original Recipe chicken, large cole slaw, 4 biscuits and 2 large mashed potatoes and gravy. It left my family and I satisfied. 
What's Marco Rubio's favorite game to play during the summer? Marco Polo.  "Marco"  "Let's dispel with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing"  "MARCO"  "Let's dispel with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing"  "MAAARCOO"  "Let's dispel with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing"
TIL that 36% of the U.S population would re-elect trump.    Wait wrong sub.
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump? There are still a handful of people who like Donald Trump.
Why couldn’t Trump tie his boat down? Fake noose
Donald Trump, Xi Jingping, Kim Jong Un, Duterte and Benjamin Netanyahu walk into a bar. Bartender asks, "What can I get you Mr. Bolsonaro?"
We all know Donald Trump doesn’t drink alcohol. But did you know he won’t drink non-alcoholic beer either? It’s fake booze.
Congress gets kidnapped  A driver was stuck in a traffic jam on the highway outside Washington, DC.  Nothing was moving.  Suddenly, a man knocks on the window. The driver rolls down the window and asks, "What's going on?"  "Terrorists have kidnapped the entire US Congress, and they're asking for a $100 million dollar ransom. Otherwise, they are going to douse them all in gasoline and set them on fire.  We are going from car to car, collecting donations."  "How much is everyone giving, on an average?" the driver asks.  The man replies, "Roughly a gallon."
What's the difference between a liberal disagreeing with a republican and a republican disagreeing with a liberal? a pound of c4 and an assault rifle.
Trump has a change of heart and brings Hillary to his administration As Ambassador to Libya
If I had a dollar for every time Hillary said "making the economy work for everyone, not just those at the top"... ...the economy would work for me.
The good news is that Trump only has been president for 30 days... the bad news is that the world is going to end.
So Donald Trump was pounding this chick and she started moaning "oh daddy!" Then he said, "I know I am your daddy Ivanka"
Donald Trump has a mandate... So Mike Pence sent him to conversion camp.
A group of Australian students where discussing if Trump became president who would he nuke and what would be his motives. One of the students brightly said "Well, he has no motive to nuke us, we fought in Nam with them and we would be considered allies."  Another student says,  "He has motive to nuke New Zealand though."  The other students are intrigued as to why.  He says, "Well he hates goat fuckers so he ought to hate sheep fuckers."
What did Matthew McConaughey say after he got done voting for Trump? Alt-right  alt-right  alt-right. 
As president of America Trump has to deal with all the food thieves He's got a lot on his plate
Ever wonder why there are no Democratic Presidents on Mount Rushmore? Neither did I.
Did you hear a lot of Americans descended from Pacific Islanders are voting for Trump? Hoping he'll deport them... he probably doesn't even realize Hawaii is a state!
What does Trump eat for breakfast? Toast and eggs....whites only
If Trump wins the election and replaces President Obama... ...orange will be the new black.
How did US felt when Trump is elected as the president? TRUMPmatized. (Traumatized, ^get^it?^ha^ha^kill^me^please )
They had to close a bridge near my house because of Hillary supporters who went there to jump off. Some of them had changed their minds and were trying to get back down. 
What is the difference between Hillary Clinton and a bucket of shit? NSFW The bucket.
What is the largest bust of Donald Trump? The Peachoid in SC
How can you tell when Clinton is lying? Her lips are moving.     Yeah, it's an old joke but then again, so is she.
Donald trump will be the best prime minister ever Jokes on you mods ! I already made a trump joke  Damnit it's automatic.  Seems like "trump will do an excellent prime minister" wasn't funn-ier
"Hey babe, are your clothes enrolled in Trump University?" "'cuz they're about to get ripped off."
Why does the Trump campaign hire people in groups of three? One who can read, one who can write, and one to keep an eye on the other two "elitist intellectuals."
I heard the Pope's first choice for a guest was in fact Hillary... But he couldn't afford her speaking fees
Apparently Mr. Trump is tired of all this pre - shredded cheeses saturating the market... He's gonna make America grate again
Does Donald Trump master his tracks? Nope. He puts a limiter on there and brick walls it.
what is obamas last name? OSAMA ! xDD LOL
I like Donald Trump. Makes me feel like I could he president. 
After being confronted by China on account of his statements regarding Taiwan, Donald Trump had this to say... "TAIWAN #1!" 
Bill Clinton voted for Hillary Clinton in the electoral college today. First known instance of him being faithful.
Donald Trump's speeches can travel faster than the speed of light Cuz they contain no information
Why is Bernie Sanders mad at cleaning agent? He wants equality for the 99% of the bacteria killed, not just the privileged top 1%.
What did Russia say after Trump bombed Syria? "This is Syria's business."
Hillary Clinton shaved all of the hair off of her pussy to prove a minor point to the league of women. She was giving a speech, pulled up her skirt and said "read my lips , no more bush".
To sum up Trump's 100 days... (unintelligible) 
Trump visiting a psychiatric hospital. While visiting Trump asks how to determine if one has a psychiatric problem.  There is a test, says the doctor. They fill a bathtub with water and gives the patient a spoon, a cup and a bucket and asks the patient to empty the tub.  Trump then asks: "Wouldn't the normally sane persons not just use the buchet, as it goes faster".  The doctor replies: "No, the normally sane persons would just remove the stopper. Do you prefer your bed by the window"?   - Sorry for my english, I'm danish :-)
In breaking news, Trump's personal library has burned down The fire consumed both books and in a tragic twist he hadn't even finished coloring the second one
As part of Trump's separate but equal unfunded education plan, he's announcing to congress today his plan for the department of housing and urban development The new home choice program will promote cardboard boxes as an affordable alternative to traditional home ownership.
Donald Trump's plan for the first 100 days is going exactly according to plan... Now that he's finished building the swamp he can focus on draining the wall. 
What's Trump's Secret Russian Code Name? Agent Orange 
[ShowerThought] If George Bush had Affordable Healhcare Act Would it have been called Bushcare? 
Why haven't they cremated Colonel Sanders yet? They haven't decided on regular or extra crispy.
Don't try to tell me Trump isn't a hard worker. He's not even inaugurated yet and he's already giving up on his campaign promises. It took Obama eight years and a congress full of Republicans to accomplish the same thing.
How many Trumps does it take to screw in a light bulb Nien 
What do Hillary Clinton supporters and Eminem have in common? When you tell them that you want to see proof, all they can do is tell you about it!
Why Trump's meeting with Obama last so long? To make Obama find the birth certificate, the long one!
Hillary wouldve made girls believe they can be President Trump made EVERYONE believe they can be President. 
Trump is a great guy. He's giving two million illegal immigrants free trips to Mexico.
Emails from world leaders are streaming in to Hillary Clinton to console her [Deleted]
My son just walked in crying, saying he was scared as Trump won. I said, fuck off, you're 22 &amp; British. Oh yes he replied &amp; went to work.
I heard bad news on the way over here:the Donald Trump Presidential Library was just destroyed by fire, and, tragically, both books were a total loss. Worse yet, he hasn't finished coloring the second one.
A Trump supporter dies and goes to heaven... St. Peter says, "Welcome, we've been expecting you. But there's only one problem, we have some tough zoning laws around here and all we put all the Trump supporters in that area. And as you can see it's absolutely choked full. There is no room for you."  The Trump supporter says, "That's ok. May I just say four words?"  St Peter say, "I don't see why not."  So the Trump supporter shouts out, "Hillary spotted in Heaven!"  Almost immediately, all the Trump supporters start rushing down to hell.  St Peter said, "Pretty slick, come on in we have plenty of room for you."  The Trump supporter replied, "Nah, I think I'll go to hell. There might be some truth to that rumor." 
The Hillary supporters... did nazi Trump coming.
Trump's first day at the Oval Office after being elected President  First briefing to the President by CIA, Pentagon, FBI:  Trump: We must destroy ISIS immediately. No delays.  CIA: We cannot do that, sir. We created them along with Turkey, Iran, Qatar and others.  Trump: The Democrats created them.  CIA: We created ISIS, sir. You need them or else you would lose funding from the natural gas lobby.  Trump: Stop funding Pakistan. Let India deal with them.  CIA: We can't do that.  Trump: Why is that?  CIA: India will cut Balochistan out of Pak.  Trump: I don't care.  CIA: India will have peace in Kashmir. They will stop buying our weapons. They will become a superpower. We have to fund Pakistan to keep India busy in Kashmir.  Trump: But you have to destroy the Taliban.  CIA: Sir, we can't do that. We created the Taliban to keep Russia in check during the 80s. Now they are keeping Pakistan busy and away from their nukes.  Trump: We have to destroy terror sponsoring regimes in the Middle East. Let us start with the Saudis.  Pentagon: Sir, we can't do that. We created those regimes because we wanted their oil. We can't have democracy there, otherwise their people will get that oil - and we cannot let their people own it.  Trump: Then, let us invade Iran.  Pentagon: We cannot do that either, sir.  Trump: Why not?  CIA: We are talking to them, sir.  Trump: What? Why?  CIA: We want our stealth drone back. If we attack them, Russia will obliterate us as they did to our buddy ISIS in Syria. Besides we need Iran to keep Israel in check.  Trump: Then let us invade Iraq again.  CIA: Sir, our friends (ISIS) are already occupying 1/3rd of Iraq.  Trump: Why not the whole of Iraq?  CIA: We need the Shi'ite gov't of Iraq to keep ISIS in check.  Trump: I am banning Muslims from entering US.  FBI: We can't do that.  Trump: Why not?  FBI: Then our own population will become fearless.  Trump: I am deporting all illegal immigrants to south of the border.  Border patrol: You can't do that, sir.  Trump: Why not?  Border patrol: If they're gone, who will build the wall?  Trump: I am banning H1B visas.  USCIS: You cannot do that.  Trump: Why?  Chief of staff: If you do so we'll have to outsource White House operations to Bangalore. Which is in India.  Trump (sweating profusely by now): What the hell should I do as President?  CIA: Enjoy the White House, sir! We will take care of the rest!
Why can't Trump be president? Cause his hands are too small to sign a contract.
How do you know the Trump campaign is efficient? They can fit 35 Two-Minute-Hates into an hour.
Donald Trump goes on a fact-finding visit to Israel. While he is on a tour of Jerusalem he suffers a heart attack and dies.   The undertaker tells the American Diplomats accompanying him, "You can have him shipped home for $50,000, or you can bury him here, in the Holy Land for just $100."   The American Diplomats go into a corner and discuss it for a few minutes.They come back to the undertaker and tell him they want Donald shipped home.  The undertaker is puzzled and asks, "Why would you spend $50,000 to ship him home, when it would be wonderful to be buried here and you would spend only $100?"  The American Diplomats replied: "A long time ago a man died here, was buried here, and here, three days later, he rose from the dead. We just can't take the risk...."
For once Bill will be talking about Hillary... When he says she blew it.
-Trump's top agenda for his first 100 days in office : make everyone use "bigly" in conversations so he doesn't look like a fool for being the only one who uses this word .
Since Donald Trump won Presidency of this Nation I don't want to see a job description with " Experience Required " Ever again.
When Trump was a kid, he had a nightmare in which he was chased by a Japanese man with eyes like glowing balls. ..ever since then he's been against glow-ball eyes asian.
Why does Donald Trump say "Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump" every day? He's bragging about the number of votes he got.
Why does Trump have Russian ties? He has his own clothing line after all...  EDIT: The joke is he can get Ties from his clothing line *sighs*
How are Trump supporters and ISIS members the same? They are both usually teens, they're mad at everyone but themselves, and they are ready to blow stuff up.
The Best thing about Trump is... [pending removal]
What did the White House staff do when President Trump broke the fax machine? They replaced it with an alternative fax machine.
The entire US Senate visited the White House today. I wonder how many short buses that took.
Sure Hillary sucks... ...Just not as much as Monica.
Hillary Clinton and her driver were cruising along a country road one night... when all of a sudden they hit a pig, killing it instantly.  Hillary told her driver to go up to the farmhouse and explain to the owners what had happened.  About one hour later Hillary sees her driver staggering back to the car with a bottle of wine in one hand, a cigar in the other and his clothes all ripped and torn.  ”What happened to you?” asked Hillary.  ”Well, the Farmer gave me the wine, his wife gave me the cigar and his 19-year-old daughter made mad passionate love to me.”  ”My God, what did you tell them?” asks Clinton.  The driver replies, ”I’m Hillary Clinton’s driver, and I just killed the pig!”
Donald Trump can make millions happy Donald Trump is flying over New York City He looks out of the window and says to his family, "You know what, I'm gonna throw ten $100 bills out of the window and make ten people very happy!" His son looks at him and says, "Dad, why don't you throw two hundred $5 bills out of the window? Then you can make two hundred people happy." Donald says, "Son, that's a great idea!" His wife turns to him and says, "Donald, why not throw one thousand $1 bills out the window? You could make one thousand people happy!" Donald looks at her and says, "Babe, that is a fantastic idea! The best I've heard!" The pilot turns and looks at Trump and says, "As long as you're at it, why don't you throw yourself out of the window and make millions of people happy?"
Donal Trump, Hillary Clinton and Ted Cruz are on a plane. The plane crashes. Who survives? AMERICA 
Hillary Clinton Makes History She's going to be the first female president of US And she's going to be the last president of the US
*Sends a r/email to Hillary* *Deleted*
If Hilary Clinton and Donald trump go on a stranded island together who survives? America.
How do you tell if Donald Trump is in your house? I sas Donald Trump today in my house, he had a gun.
How does Hillary Clinton clean her glasses? By deleting the mainframe. 
What does Hillary Clinton use to drown the noise of Black Lives Matter protesters? White noise 
Why is Obama left-handed? Because blacks have no rights 
How does Donald Trump tie his shoes? In little knotsies.
(NSFW) If Hillary Clinton was 36 and had 40 years of capital hill experience, I'd put my ballot in her box
In tonight's debate Trump said we can't trust the rebels I'm not surprised; he has always reminded me of Emperor Palpatine.
DONALD TRUMP'S Mother gave him birth on the highway...       Because that's where most accidents happen
I've finally created a field of math which can calculate the degree to which Donald Trump is compounding his problems... Cuckulus
Why does Donald Trump hate Chris Jericho? Because Jericho wants to break the walls down
Pence said that Trump show humility and contrition in the debate last night. Well, that's like looking for bones in an egg
Trump and Clinton added to US gymnastics team due to addition of new olympic sport, moral gymnastics.
How are Trumpies like Walmart? Conceived at a family reunion and crawling with criminals.
I heard that Bill Clinton threw his support behind Bernie Sanders He misheard. He thought the campaign slogan was *Feel the Intern*.
If Trump was in any political party... He'd be in the Whig party
Hillary is pregnant. Hillary Clinton goes to her doctor for a physical, only to find out that she's pregnant. She is furious! Here she is about to run for President and this has happened to her.  She calls Bill on the phone and immediately starts screaming: "How could you have let this happen? With all that's going on right now, you go and get me pregnant! How could you???!!!   I can't believe this! I just found out I am five weeks pregnant and it’s all your fault!!! YOUR FAULT!!! Well, what have you got to say???"            There is nothing but dead silence on the end of the phone.            She screams again, "DID YOU HEAR ME???!!!"  Finally, she hears Bill's very, very quiet voice. In a barely audible whisper, he says, "Who is this?" 
Donald Trump has scheduled a speech at the same time as the Olympics Marathon swimming... Its always a sad sight to see so many people exposed to rivers of shit and human waste, that's why I have decided to watch the swimmers instead.
What's The Difference Between Donald Trump and a Hair Dryer? One is a machine that is designed to blow hot air, won't work unless it's hooked into a wall and is dangerous when near water, and the other is a fucking prick. 
What does a German use to polish his trumpet? Toot tonic 
Why would Donald Trump want to lose the election? Winning means he'd need to live in a smaller house in a black neighborhood
Hilary and Trump jump off a cliff to see who can reach the bottom first. Who wins? America
After a long day, Hillary gets home and complains to Bill about her day. Hillary: Today, at one grassroots event, people called me a liar.  Bill: Don't try to fool me, you never attend grassroots events.
If you got into an accident with Hillary and Trump, who would you rescue? America
Trump validates all of my racist views. Fuckin' orange people.
Donald Trump goes to a bar for a drink. Donald Trump goes to a bar for a drink when he noticed a Mexican looking at him. Donald wanted to spite the Mexican so he told the waiter, "Serve everyone here with the most expensive wine that you have besides the Mexican over there."  The waiter did what he asked but the Mexican man only smiled back at Donald Trump. Annoyed Donald Trump told the waiter, "Serve everyone with the most expensive Cognac that you have besides that Mexican over there."  Again rhe waiter did what was ask but only smiled back again even more.  Furious, Donald Trump screamed, "Serve everyone here with the most expensive Champagne that you have but the Mexican over there!"  The waiter did so. Dejected, Donald Trump finally gave up.  As he was about to leave, the Mexican walked up to him and said, "Thank you for coming to my bar, you've been most generous!"
Hillary sees a boy with a box of kittens and asks the boy what kind of kittens they are.  "They're Democrats!" replies the boy.     A couple of days later, she sees the boy again, and she has Bill in tow.  "Hi!  Tell my husband what kind of kittens those are!"      "They're Republicans!" replies the boy.      Confused, Hillary asks "What?  Didn't you say they were Democrats before?"      The boy laughs, and says "Yeah, but their eyes are open now!"
I was gonna vote for trump . . . but now i'm kinda on the Pence about it. 
Hillary Clinton Style Condoms! *Rigged for her pleasure*
An attendant to President Trump comes in and tells him "Sir, your commission has reported that three Brazilian illegals voted for Hillary." And so he yells "I knew it! Now how many is a 'brazilian'?"
What do you call it, when Trump and Hillary argue who has the better smile? A presi*dental* debate.
I was on the line of whether to vote for Trump or not, but with the recent news regarding "grabbing women by the pussy" He's definitely got my vote now.
FBI to scour 650,000 emails on Anthony Weiner's laptop tied to Hillary Clinton's private server I haven't even urinated that many times.
Definite proof Obama is related to Kenya They both can't rap.
What is Donald Trump telling Barack Obama supporters? Orange Is The New Black.   
If Donald Trump becomes president... Does that make orange the new black?
There's a special running course around the White House. Every president does this before they leave office, and records their times in a special book dating back to the early 19th century. Obama recently completed it, knowing he had to get it done before January. He did 9:25 and was quite pleased with it. He wondered if he had set the record, but then he found out that Bush did 9:11.
I've started using the word "trump" instead of "f*ck". Try it, it's fun Trump you you trumping mothertrumper.
What's the difference between Ronald Reagan and Donald Trump? Reagan helped tear down a wall.
Donald Trump managed to build his wall and kept the mexicans out. Now he has a new target for extinction: Ladders, ropes, shovels, airplanes...
If I had a penny for every Donald Trump joke, I would have a small loan of one million dollars
Trump went to a taco shop yesterday... To see the demolition getting started.
The Clinton of Oz Dan Quayle, Newt Gingrich, and Bill Clinton are traveling in a car together in  the midwest. A tornado comes along and whirls them up into the air and tosses  them thousands of yards away. When they come down and extract themselves from  the vehicle, they realize they're in the land of Oz. They decide to go to see  the Wizard of Oz.       Quayle says, I'm going to ask the Wizard for a brain.  Gingrich says, I'm going to ask the Wizard for a heart.  Clinton says, Where's Dorothy?
Did you hear that Trump chose Steve Bannon for his senior counselor? I did nazi that coming. 
What does Hillary Clinton's presidency and Bill Clinton's presidency have in common? They were both ruined by weiners. 
[politics] Now that Trump is transitioning... will Mike Pence make him take Conversion Therapy?
If I had a penny for ever trump jokes... I wouldn't be here illegally
Donald Trump and the 2016 Presidential Election I would make a political joke about it but then it would get elected.
How will Trump select his cabinet? The Apprentice: the White House  Contestants will compete in a series of challenges aspiring to positions in Trump's cabinet all televised for your viewing pleasure on NBC.
What's the difference between Trump and Harambe? I would have voted for Harambe (11,000 people did) Also, I would happily shoot Trump. Also, Trump is an orang-utan not a gorilla.  Have you spotted the theme yet?
Obama just pardoned Edward Snowden. Apparently, it was a *really* convincing turkey disguise.
The Hillary clinton campaign had planned a concert and that's why all of those people were waiting at her watch party. Hillary was singing the blues. 
You know what Trump and the Note 7 have in common? You know it will blow up, just not when.
"Why did he win?! Anyone who supports Trump is nuts!" said the Hillary supporter, fully unaware that cashews alone outnumber humans 50 to 1 ...
Why did Obama take all the pencils and pens when he left? Cuz he knew Trump would bring his own Pence
Almost as relevent to Trump today as it was to Regean He wasn't much of an actor, he wasn't much of a Governor -- Hell, they HAD to make him President of the United States.  It's the only job he's qualified for!  -- Michael Cain 
I just bought a Donald Trump Christmas Tree ornament. It called Mary a nasty woman, told Joseph to go back where he came from, built a wall around the manger, and then when you press it it sings "I'm Dreaming Of A Totally White Christmas."
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a WWI soldier? A WWI soldier has a reason for shooting himself in the foot.
If trump wins the election then... Orange is the New Black.
In the spirit of bipartisanship and cooperation, I think Trump should offer Hillary Clinton an important role in his administration... Like the ambassadorship to Libya
Today, most Americans are either hoping for a "Trump bless America" or a "Trumpless America." And the rest of the world wants the latter.
What does donald trump use when he plays FPS games? Wallhacks
Hillary Clinton is going to be the first F President. Sorry, I meant to type "Female" but somebody deleted the "emale."
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on a boat Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on a boat. The boat sinks. Who survives?  America.
What's Donald trumps least favorite part of a haircut? When he has toupee. 
Why does Donald Trump dislike Bernie Sanders? Chickens tend to avoid anything with the last name "Sanders".
What are Hillary's convictions? The FBI hasn't announced her indictment yet, but hopefully it will lead to at least one
What does Barack Obama call illegal aliens? Undocumented Democrats.
How Many Hillary Supporters Does It Take To Screw In A Lightbulb? Why NONE of course, they prefer to remain in the dark!
What is President Clinton's favourite game? Swallow the leader.
If Donald Trump wants to send all the illegal female Mexicans back over the border Then he should give sexting a go.
Who do you ask about Donald Trump's stamina? His daughter.
Yasser Arafat calls George Bush the morning of 9/11. "Speaking in behalf of all my population, I am truly sickened by the tragedy that happened and I wanted to assure you that we do not condone terrorist acts in any form or way."  "Sorry Yasser, but what are you talking about?"  "Oh shit guys why didn't you remind me of the different timezone?"
If Trump is elected president... He will be the first billionaire to move into government housing after a black man.
Hillary Clinton is rumoured to join the spice girls if she loses the race. Welcome to the band, hospice.
I've come to realization that I'm not very good at talking smack, so now whenever someone insults me I give them a picture of Bernie Sanders vomiting. You could say I give em a sick bern.
What does bill Clinton say to Hilary after sex? Honey, I'll be home in twenty minutes 
Why did Hillary start flicking her bean during the presidential debate? Because she wanted to turn her campaign into a campleasure.
How many Hillary supporters does it take to change a light bulb? None. cmon , they'd much rather be kept in the dark.
Trump is eco-friendly He'll build his wall out of the (99%) recycled material on /r/Jokes
Trump doesn't compare to universeal healthcare Bernie gets a call from Trump asking for advice.  "...Ands that's why I placed the ban, in order to hide my need hand growth serum."  "Even with that serum, your hands are smaller than the medical bill of the average American with my universal healthcare plan."
What do the Falcons have in common with Democrats? They both won the popular vote but lost to Trump.
I would call Donald Trump a cunt but he lacks both depth and warmth.
What is Donald Trump's least favorite state? New Mexico.
The megathread that's gonna happen when Trump resigns is going to be SO YUGE, BELIEVE ME. We're going to build that big, beautiful megathread, and Trump is going to pay for it!
There's a term for Presidents like Trump. Probably not two terms, though...
Donald Trump is working at Starbucks... when a woman walks in and says, "I would like a latte please,". Trump asks, "What size? This one I'm holding here is a grande," . "Give me one size smaller than that," says the woman. Donald Trump looks to the barista and yells "WE NEED TO BUILD A TALL!".
What do you call a white, rural Trump supporter? A Trigger.
Trump signs executive order banning the sale of pre-shredded cheese He wants to make America Grate Again.
A man dies and goes to heaven In heaven, he sees a wall of very large clocks.  He asks the Angel "What are all these clocks for?"  Angel answers "These are lie clocks, every person has one lie clock. Whenever you lie on earth, the clock ticks once."    The man points towards a clock and asks, "Who's clock does this belong to?"  Angel answers 'This clock belongs to Mother Teresa. It has never moved, so she has never told a lie."  then the man asks "Where is Hillary Clintons clock?"  The Angel replies "That one is in our office, we use it as a table fan."
What's the difference between a slave owner and Bernie Sanders The slave owner's Dick works  Note: The slave owner has a slave named Dick
George Bush and his competitor got into a fist fight... I got to say, it was Al Gore...
What is the difference between Donald Trump and Kanye West? 4 years.
I didn't know the Disneyland had moved to the white house ... Apparently the president is Donald and the vice is Mickey.
Why does Donald Trump like the NFL better than college football? Because it's Big League
What did Trump say to General Flynn when he had to let him go? "You're fired." 
Why was Donald Trumps birth so difficult? He wouldn't stop grabbing the pussy.
You can't blame Trump for hating the Germans. They stole his wall idea and took all the credit.
I think Trump has hidden agender. I can't specify it though.
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting millions of illegal immigrants? Juan by Juan
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk into a bar... And the joke is on us. 
What do you call a group of white, racist, seal hating, Trump supporting bears? A basket of depolarbears
How many Hillary Clinton fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None. Hillary Clinton fans prefer to stay in the dark.
If Hillary brought a carpet bag to New York, what did Bill bring? Hard wood.
Why did the Libertarian Cross the Road? None of your Damn Business. Am I being detained?
Why did Mr. Clinton want to become President? Because it pays the bills.
Trump is in a paradox He needs construction workers to build the wall, but he's trying to deport all the construction workers  I thought of this on the spot that's why it's bad sorry
Breaking News: Donald Trump elected 45th President of the United States! I know this already came out, but I am just now believing it.  
Steve jobs would have been a better president than Donald Trump. But its a silly comparison really, its like comparing apples to oranges. 
What's the difference between a Republican senator and a prostitute? A prostitute takes your money to fuck you.  A Republican senator collects money from someone else and then fucks your children.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Aaron Burr? Trump *doesn't* want to be in the room where it happens.
Michael Flynn bumps into Donald Trump Pardon me.
I'm sick of people comparing Trump to Hitler. Hitler wrote his own book.
Trump is like a cat It's an asshole but some people like it anyway
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Are Sitting In a Bar… Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Are Sitting In a Bar…  Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says, “The media is really tearing you apart for that scandal.”  Hillary: “You mean my lying about Benghazi?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean the massive voter fraud?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean the military not getting their votes counted?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Using my secret private server with classified material to hide my activities?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything else?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, hiring cronies, and taking bribes from foreign countries? Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean the drones being operated in our own country without the benefit of the law?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it declared bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity deals?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “The IRS targeting conservatives?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “Turning Libya into chaos?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “Turning our backs on Israel?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “The joke Iran Nuke deal?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “Leaving Iraq in chaos?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “The DOJ spying on the press?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance executives?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 months later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “The NSA monitoring citizens’?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “The State Department interfering with an Inspector General investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Threats to all of Bill’s former mistresses to keep them quiet” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “I give up! … Oh wait, I think I’ve got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware and china when Bill left Office?” Trump: “THAT’S IT! I almost forgot about that one.”
As a transgender person, Donald Trump rescinding the transgender bathroom order pisses me off... I mean where am I supposed to pee now, on Donald Trump?
What's the difference between Trump's America and Nazi Germany? about 80 years.
Why is Donald Trump single? Because he doesn't want to be with some Juan.
Could you imagine if someone pulled off Trump's hair piece? There would be hell toupee.
What did trump say to Chinese president in a phone call? "I will bomb Hiroshima Again"
Justin Trudeau does not need to hit Nordstrom to get Ivanka Trump's panties. He got the chick herself!
BREAKING NEWS: Trump is going to sign an executive order to regulate CNN from using Breaking News after coming back from every commercial break. CNN will be limited to 3 breaking news usage per day. 
Exactly how long are Trump's ties? All the way to Russia
Hillary Clinton, the Atlanta Falcons, and the producers of LA LA Land walk into a bar.... put the punchline in the comments 
What's the difference between the Devil and Ted Cruz? The Devil has standards.
If Sanders runs again in 2020 We'll be Feeling the Bern for the second term.
According to Merriam Webster, what word in the English language describes both a female dog and Hillary Clinton equally well? BITCH:  1 : The female of the dog or some other carnivorous mammals.  2A: A lewd or immoral woman  2B: A malicious, spiteful, or overbearing woman 
What is Donald Trump's favorite nation? Discrimination.
My girlfriend told me she was going to vote for Hillary Clinton... Left that bitch 
What is Donald Trump's favorite movie? Star Trek: The Wrath of Khan
What major has seen a spike in popularity at Mexican colleges and universities since Donald Trump accepted the 2016 Republican Presidential candidate nomination? pre-wall
Say what you will about Clinton being a womanizer But Bush had the Twins go down on him.
ISIS takes Congress hostage A driver was stuck in a traffic jam on the highway outside Washington, DC.  Nothing was moving.  Suddenly, a man knocks on the window. The driver rolls down the window and asks, "What's going on?"  "Terrorists have kidnapped the entire US Congress, and they're asking for a $100 million dollar ransom. Otherwise, they are going to douse them all in gasoline and set them on fire."  "We are going from car to car, collecting donations."  "How much is everyone giving, on an average?" the driver asks.  The man replies, "Roughly a gallon." 
What's the difference between Bernie quitting and Trump quitting? When Bernie quits everyone is fucked. When Trump quits, everyone is saved.
Why wouldn't Hillary Clinton let Bill be her IT manager? She was too worried how often the servers would go down on him.
Hilary Clinton scandal -deleted-
George Bush is with the Queen of England. George: "Your Majesty, any tips you can give me to stay in power, the way you have been for so long?" "Well" said the Queen, "The most important thing is to surround yourself with intelligent people." George frowned and then asked, "But how do I know the people around me are intelligent?" The Queen: "Easy, you just ask them to answer an intelligent riddle." The Queen pushed a button on her intercom. "David Cameron, would you come in here, please?" David Cameron walked into the room and said, "Yes, ma'am?" The Queen smiled and said, "Answer me this please, David. Your mother and father have a child. It's not your brother and it's not your sister. Who is it?" Without pausing for a moment, David Cameron answered, "That would be me, ma'am." "Very good! Thank you, David!" said the Queen. Then she turned to George with a smile and said "See?" Now its George's turn to apply the same logic... George went back to the USA and asked Jeb.. "Jeb, answer this for me. Your mother and your father have a child. It's not your brother and it's not your sister. Who is it?" "I'm not sure." said Jeb. "Let me get back to you on that one..." Jeb went to his advisors and asked every one, but none could give him an answer... Finally, he ran into Obama and asked, "Hey, can you answer this for me? Your mother and father have a child and it's not your brother or your sister. Who is it?".. Obama answered, "That's easy, it's me!" Jeb said, "Thanks!" Then he went back to George. "I did some thinking and I have the answer to that riddle. It's Barack Obama." George slapped him. and shouted.. "No! You dumb idiot! It's David Cameron."
Here's my opinion on Trump's Wall I'm on the fence.
[Political] What is Trump's simultaneous least and most favorite thing? The golf of Mexico. 
Best part of Donald Trump giving you a hand job. Best part of Donald Trump giving you a hand job.  His little hands make your dick look bigger.
I was fishing in the lake nearby my house when I spotted Donald Trump standing on the pier, next to a stray cat, darting his hands in-and-out the water ... "What are you doing?" I asked.  Trump answered ...   "Grabbing herring by the pussy."
Talking about Donald Trump While stitching a cut on the hand of a 75 year old farmer, the doctor struck up a conversation with the old man. Eventually the topic got around to Donald Trump and his role as the Republican Nominee for President. The old farmer said, " Well, as I see it, Donald Trump is like a 'Post Tortoise'.'' Not being familiar with the term, the doctor asked him what a 'post tortoise' was. The old farmer said, "When you're driving down a country road and you come across a fence post with a tortoise balanced on top, that's a post tortoise." The old farmer saw the puzzled look on the doctor's face so he continued to explain. "You know he didn't get up there by himself,  he doesn't belong up there, he doesn't know what to do while he's up there, he's elevated beyond his ability to function,  and you just wonder what kind of dumb ass put him up there to begin with."
Trump is too politically incorrect, Hillary is too politically correct Yet they're both incorrect for politics
The Pope and Hilary Clinton were on the same stage at the Yankee Stadium in front of a giant crowd... The Pope leans towards Hilary and says, "Do you know with one wave of my hand I can make this entire crowd go wild with joy? This joy will not be a momentary display, but will go deep into their hearts and they'll forever speak of this day and rejoice!"  Hilary said, " I seriously doubt that. With one little wave of your hand...show me!"  So the Pope backhanded her off the stage. The crowd roared and cheered  wildly and there was happiness through out the land.  
I hear Donald Trump is going to ban cans of parmesan cheese... ..he's going to make America grate again. 
Covering the newest trump scandle in class Teacher: there are some things that guys compare in the locker room   Me: like hand size 
Have you heard about the new TV show NBC is working on with Donald Trump? It's called: "To Catch a President".
I recently read a book by Donald Trump on finance It had 9 chapter 11s.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Mr Smith? Mr Smith went to Washington
If Hillary Clinton wins the election I am moving to Benghazi. At lest I know she will leave me alone there. 
Getting directions from Donald Trump is a lot like checking the hour on an analogue clock Always pay attention to where the little hand is pointing 
Jokes on Trump. Donald Trump answers the question: What is 2+2?  "I have to say a lot of people have been asking this question. No, really. A lot of people come up to me and they ask me. They say, "What's 2+2"? And I tell them look, we know what 2+2 is. We've had almost eight years of the worst kind of math you can imagine. Oh my god, I can't believe it. Addition and subtraction of the 1s the 2s and the 3s. Its terrible. Its just terrible. Look, if you want to know what 2+2 is, do you want to know what 2+2 is? I'll tell you. First of all the number 2, by the way I love the number 2. It's probably my favorite number, no it is my favorite number. You know what, it's probably more like the number two but with a lot of zeros behind it. A lot. If I'm being honest, I mean, if I'm being honest. I like a lot of zeros. Except for Marco Rubio, now he's a zero that I don't like. Though, I probably shouldn't say that. He's a nice guy but he's like, "10101000101", on and on, like that. He's like a computer! You know what I mean? He's like a computer. I don't know. I mean, you know.  So, we have all these numbers and we can add them and subtract them and add them. TIMES them even. Did you know that? We can times them OR divide them, they don't tell you that, and I'll tell you, no one is better at the order of operations than me. You wouldn't believe it. That I can tell you. So, we're gonna be the best on 2+2, believe me. OK? Alright. Thank you."  -Got it as a text message.. 
People are loving this whole 'birdie sanders' thing but...  i don't recall a similar reaction when bill clinton got a bird to come
So I heard Microsoft pulled the plug after their chat robot slung slurs, ripped Obama and denied the Holocaust... I guess there wasn't enough room for two Trumps in the Republican party.
If Trump wins the election, I am moving out of the country... Goodbye America, hello Hawaii!
I feel like Trump is like Hitler Terribly misunderstood.
What's the difference between Trump and my dick? What's the difference between Trump and my dick?    I don't want to stick Trump in my sister.
What did Hillary say when she lost? Putin end to my life.
Trump sits down to a meeting. Trump sits down to a meeting one morning and the Secretary of State is looking grim.   "It's been a long night Mr. President. At 2000 hours, a plane was lost over the atlantic with two hundred people on board"  "That's fine," Trump replies, "We have a ton more planes. What else?"  "Well," The Secretary continues, "There was a nightclub shooting at 2200 hours, at least fifty people died and maybe a thousand were injured in the ensuing riot"  Trump thinks for a second, before saying, "Blame ISIS, next!"  "I hate to have more bad news Mr. President, but a hurricane hit Miami and the city is all but destroyed. We estimate that over a million people will be made homeless."  "Listen," Trump begins, "I know all about rebuilding houses. People ask me, they say can you do it and I say yes I can, where's your house I'll rebuild it, and in China, you know, they have a tremendous problem with damaged houses and I make deals with them all the time."  The Secretary looks relieved, and is about to leave when he remembers:  "There was one more thing, Mr. President- twelve Brazilian illegal immigrants tried to cross into the US, what do you want us to do with them?"  Trump leaps to his feet, slams his fist on the table and bellows "TWELVE BRAZILIAN!? I'M GONNA NEED A BIGGER WALL!"
I walked into a locker room today, and saw a bunch of members of Donald Trump's new administration standing around completely nude… … I've never seen so many Goldman sacks!
The Pope, Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin and a kid are on a plane The plane expericences  trouble and starts to fall to the ground.   The pilots freak out, both grab a parachute and jump out  Vladimir Putin yells "Mother Russia needs me", grabs a parachute and jumps.  Donald Trump yells "America needs me", grabs a parachute and jumps from the plane.  The Pope looks at the child and tells him: "Look son, there's only one parachute left, go grab it and save yourself. It's time for me to meet God and you still have your whole life ahead"   The child replies "It's fine, that idiot Donald Trump jumped with my school backpack" 
Republicans in Congress have proposed a law banning all gophers from all Federal lands Democrats say it will only drive them underground.
What did Bill Clinton say to Monica Lewinsky after getting caught? "I told you to lick my erection, not wreck my election". 
If Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton ended up in a car crash who would be saved? America
What the difference between Bernie Sanders and a piece of fruit? Pieces of fruit actually get picked for something.
What do you get if you jack off Donald Trump? you could say, I vank a Trump
Thank you Obama Santa Clause decided to give some gifts to Barack Obama and his family to thank him for the 2 terms that he served as the US president.   Firstly, he decides to give Michele 2 white snow foxes. 1st one for her eloquent speeches that she delivers at every conference. The 2nd one is for her sense of fashion and her class.  Secondly, he decides to give 2 reindeers, Dancer and Prancer, to his 2 daughters. 1 for Malia Ann and the other for Natasha to bring them joy and happiness.  And thirdly, Santa decides to give an Elf, Eric, to Obama. To help him with chores around the house and entertain him as a companion.  Eric heard all that so he went to see Santa and says:   "wait a minute. Why am I going there alone? U gave 2 foxes, 2 reindeers, why only 1 elf?"  Santa says: "well I'm short staffed here, we were already short last year, this year there gonna be even more kids and more gifts to make. I can't afford to lose another elf. Since ure the only one not married here so I thought u were the best choice."  Eric, obviously mad, says: "I don't wanna go alone! I don't wanna be Obama's Elf!"   Edit: formatting.
Which Disney character is Trump's favorite? WALL-E
How meta can you get? All these Trump ads popping up in r/jokes... Advertising a self-serving tool using a self-serving advertising tool!
Donald Trump walks into an elevator... and a gorgeous woman is inside and says, "When the doors close, I could drop to my knees and blow you."  Trump replies, "And what's in it for me?"
How do you break a democrat's finger? Punch him in the nose.  
Joe Biden marries two gay White House officials at his house Polygamy is legal!
What do Donald Trump and his chromosomes have in common? There is one too many of them.
Why did Hillary go to the OB/GYN? She was feelin' the Bern!
Have you heard about McDonald’s new Hillary Clinton Value Meal? Order anything you like and the guy behind you has to pay for it.
Bill and Hillary When Bill and Hillary first got married Bill said, “I put a box under the bed. You must promise never to look in it.” In all their 30 years of marriage, Hillary never looked. On the afternoon of their 30th anniversary, curiosity got the best of her and she lifted the lid and peeked inside. In it were 3 empty beer cans and $81,874.25 in cash.  She closed the box and put it back under the bed. Now that she knew what was in the box, she was doubly curious as to why there was such a box and with those contents. That evening, they were out for a special anniversary dinner. After dinner, Hillary could no longer contain her curiosity and she confessed, saying, “I’m so sorry, Bill. For all these years, I kept my promise and never looked into the box under our bed. However, today the temptation was too much and I gave in. But now I need to know, why do you keep the 3 beer cans in the box?”  Bill thought for a while and said, “I guess after all these years you deserve to know the truth. Whenever I was unfaithful to you, I put an empty beer can in the box under the bed to remind myself not to do it again.”  Hillary was shocked, but said, “Hmmm, Jennifer, Paula and Monica. I’m disappointed and saddened by your behavior; however, since you are addicted to sex I guess it does happen and I guess 3 times is not that bad considering your problem.”  Bill thanked her for being so understanding. They hugged and made their peace. A little while later Hillary asked Bill, “So why do you have all that money in the box?”  He answered, “Well, whenever the box filled up with empty cans, I took them to the recycling center.”
I told my family I'm voting for Hillary, she can't blow it! If she did Monica wouldn't have to.  Edit: Guess I should modify this to make fun of trump if I want karma. 
You all need to stop worrying about Trump becoming the next president... There's no way he's moving into a smaller house in a black neighborhood!
Donald Trump was hosting a party for everyone running for president Halfway through the party, Bernie Sanders asked Trump if they were missing anyone, as it seemed that they were missing exactly one person.  "I have no idea," said Trump. "I'll have my secretary look into it." About five minutes later, the secretary gave out the list of people invited to Bernie and he noticed that Hillary Clinton was the one missing from the party.  "Oh, it was Hillary that didn't come."  "Really?" asked Trump, "Well I guess she lost the email."
What music does Bernie sanders listen to? Progressive rock
Hillary and Donald are just like Joker and Harley Quinn... A multi billion dollar industry is going out of their ways to make them look like good guys
The Reddit Roast of Bernie Sanders I love a good roast and here I am now challenging you guys to get your best roast material and let's honor the most "What Could Have Been" Presidential candidate of our time.   No jokes are off limits. Be rude and crude. It is all out of love for Bernie.
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks.
Hillary could be the first F----- president. I would have said female, but someone deleted the emale.
what is one thing that UN and Hillary afraid of losing? Saudi Funding
How Dumb is Earl, Who Supports Trump? He thinks my toilet paper is defective because it rolls from the top instead of the bottom. What's worst? He blames it on Obamar!
Hillary sucks But not like Monica
Donald Trump Tragedy  Donald Trump visited an elementary school to talk to a group of 3rd graders. He said to them, "Today we are going to discuss the difference between a tragedy, a great loss and an accident".  Then he said, "Can anyone give me an example of a tragedy?"  A little boy raises his hand and says, "If a kid runs out in the street after a ball and gets hit by a car."   Donald Trump says, "No, that would be an accident. Can anyone else try?"  A little girl raises her hand and says, "If a busload of kids drove off a cliff."  Donald Trump says, "No, that would be a great loss. Come on, anyone else?"  Little Johnny raises his hand and says and says, "If you were on a plane and it blew up."  Then Donald Trump says, "Well, Yes, but can you tell me why it would be considered a tragedy?"  Little Johnny says, "Well, it wouldn't have been an accident, and it sure as heck wouldn't have been a great loss." 
What are most people afraid of about Hilary Clinton? Her Penis
I'm extremely terrified that Donald Trump might run this country..... I completely mean that. 
If Bernie gets elected we should give him an honorary military rank. Colonel sounds right to me.
Trump for President.. or not What is Donald Trump telling Barack Obama supporters?   Orange Is The New Black   
Republicans didn't protest when Obama was elected... Because they had to go to work.
I think Clinton is going to win. Because I believe in Gene Roddenbery. The US President procession has to follow the Star Trek Captain procession: White guy, White guy, African-American guy, Woman, Scott Bakula.
An angry Hillary storms into Satan's office and yells "You told me I was going to win!"  Satan looks up from the paper and says,  "Well, you told me you had a soul."
Hillary's doctor tells her she has the heart of a 20 year old And now he wants her to give it back to whoever she carved it out of their chest.
Trump said... The election was rigged... ��
Portland is on fire and the nearest Trump voter is 300 miles away. Democrats have a terrible ground game.
Donald Trump's new motto Lorem ipsum
The Clinton Foundation is like my ex-wife. They keep 94% of the money and still don't feed the kids. 
Bill and Hillary's anniversary Interviewer: Mr. Clinton, what was your anniversary gift for Hillary this year?  Bill: I took her to Africa!  Interviewer: That's wonderful. What will be your gift next year?  Bill: Maybe I'll take her back home.
Trump after Obama is like Umbridge after Dumbledore. R.I.P
What movie does Hillary watch when she's in a bad mood? Kill Bill
If you were locked in a room with Trump and Clinton And it was just you, them, and a pistol with one bullet...  Which one would you shoot and which would you bludgeon to death with the pistol?
If hillary wins, trump supporters can at least take solice in 1 fact. Bill clinton is going to be the first lady.
Mary Trump once had anal. She then gave birth to Donald Trump, because that's where all the shit comes from.  
Trump said "I am going to drain the swamp and take on the establishment"
What's Donald Trump's spirit animal? The wall-rus.   Yes, I do hate myself. 
Donald Trump 'complained hand towels on Air Force One are not soft enough' After He Wiped His Ass With The Constitution
President Donald Trump claims his administration is running like “a fine-tuned machine.” Person: Hahahaha that's great. Me: No.... He accually said that....
What do Americans and Trump supporters both agree on? That Trump supporters deserve Donald Trump.
Donald Trump can't 'end task' Why can't Donald Trump bring up the task manager?  He keeps pressing Ctrl+Alt+Right (arrow key)
What is the female version of trump? A trumpet
Poor Hillary Clinton... I haven't seen someone hit a glass ceiling this hard since Goose from Top Gun
Why is Donald Trump Orange? Because he's a god dam fruit!
Trump may be right about the wall China built a wall hundreds of years ago and they still don't have any Mexicans!
Obama spent $65,000 to fly in pizza, hot dogs, and "waitresses" for a private party Do you get it?
What do Mexicans and trump have in common They have no idea what's going on with the government, but act like they do
What does a BLM and a Trump protest have in common? They don't matter.
The NSA just intercepted a message from Vladimir Putin to Melenia Trump. It said,"good, now that you are First Lady, GET MOOSE AND SQUIRREL!"
Trump with a lump in his rump. Doctor: Well Mr. Trump, there's a lump in your rump... a giant lump that can't be dumped.  Trump: You seem stumped.  Doctor: Well your dues are paid, but surgeries been delayed, have you ever heard of Row v. Wade?  Trump: That laws was stupid, now it's out of the way.  Doctor: That's true, but for you, this is really bad news. We've taken an ultrasound and we have found, your lump qualifies as a living thing, now that it's two feet around.  Trump: But doctor that thing would kill me if I don't get it out.  Doctor: Okay Mr. Trump, but you don't need to shout.  Trump: What you're saying's impossible, you're just trying to give me a hassle.  Doctor: We thought it impossible too, but we've never seen such an asshole.
Michelle Obama is upset because she claims to have invented four cliches such as "your word is your bond" that Melania Trump delivered better than Michelle did in an earlier speech. When Michelle was asked why she didn't just Google the common phrases which would have clearly shown she didn't invent them, Michelle said she didn't need to Google them because she had asked Al Gore and Al had invented the internet.
Bill Clinton likes to go for a walk every Saturday evening... One evening, he passed by an alley, and a prostitute yelled at him,  "Fifty dollars will buy you a good time!"   He responded by saying "How's about 5 dollars?", jokingly, and kept walking.  This same thing kept happening every Saturday for a couple weeks; every time Bill passed the prostitute, she would offer him her services for fifty dollars, and he would decline and say he'd only pay five. One evening, however, Hillary asked if she could come along on the walk with him, and Bill reluctantly agreed, nervous about what Hillary would say if the prostitute yelled at him again. They went on the walk, and when they passed the alley, to Bill's surprise, the prostitute was silent, and they continued on their walk. As they were about to round the corner, however, they heard the prostitute's voice from behind them,  "So that's what five dollars gets you, huh?"
Polls show Donald Trump has 1 percent of the black vote in the United States. Experts have no idea why the number is so high.
What do you say when the president of the Russian federation plays the butt trumpet? Pootin Putin.
The Clinton's pet parrot The Clinton family purchased a pet parrot while living in the White House. The parrot was beloved by the entire family.  One weekend while the Clintons were at Camp David, the parrot escaped.  The Secret Service panicked, and knew that they had to find the parrot before the Clintons got home.  When they couldn't find it, they decided to go to a pet store to buy a replacement.  So they go to the pet store and see a parrot that looks just like the Clinton's.  A Secret Service agent asks the pet store owner how much the parrot will cost, and the owner tells them "You don't want this parrot, we rescued him from a whore house and he has a horrible mouth!"  The Secret Service agent, knowing that the Clintons returned that day, and having no other option, buys the parrot.  The Clintons return home and all rush to see their beloved parrot.  Chelsea runs into the room to see the parrot, and the parrot says "hey honey, you'll make me a lot of money."  Hillary walks in, and the parrot says "woof you won't make me a dime." Bill walks in, and the parrot says "Hey Bill!"
What's the difference between Donald Trump and tumblr One's a moronic waste of space with no understanding of how the American political system works, and a borderline fetishistic hatred of Hillary Clinton. The other is Donald Trump
If Trump and Hillary were stranded on a boat, who would survive?? America. 
Hillary Clinton my have sounded like she was reading from a script during the debate But at least we know she wasn't reading an email
One Liner: With everything that Hillary Clinton says, at least we know she's not Aes Sedai. Because she lies.
What Will Mexico's National Sport Become if Trump Is Elected? Pole Vaulting
If Hilary and Trump are stranded on a raft in the ocean, who survives? America. America survives.
What do the World Trade Center and Hillary Clinton have in common? They both fell on 9/11.
Why did Donald Trump cross the road? To avoid debating.
I guess the Republican party... ... **puts on sunglasses**  Is not cruizing anymore.  
Donald Trump says he'll be more presidential from now on No Juan believes that!
Why didn't Trump drown? Because shit floats.
What does a retired Olympic sprinter have in common with Bernie Sanders? He quit running. 
Trump released medical records from a Gastroenterologist Giving us proof of an "astonishingly excellent" asshole.
Where does Donald Trump get his hair cut? Jokes on you, he doesn't need haircuts.  He just gets a new horse hair wig anytime he needs a new one from the KKK.
Trump and Hillary walk into a bakery. Trump and Hillary walk into a bakery. While the owner isn't looking, Hillary steals three cakes and slips them into her pocket, whispering to Trump, "Look at how smart I am, I stole three cakes and the owner didn't notice a thing."  Trump scoffs. "Watch this. I can do so much better. I can eat three cakes right in the open and not even get in trouble."  He strides up to the owner and says, "Hey guy. Gimme three cakes and I'll show you a magnificent magic trick." Bemused, the owner agrees. Trump takes three cakes, stuffing all of them into his mouth. The owner is confused.  "When will you do the magic trick?"  Trump smirks.  "Look in Hillary's pocket."
What did Donald Trump hate most about school? Essays.
I wonder if Donald Trump likes cats. He does claim that he loves to grab pussies.
How did everyone know Donald Trump wasn't really a NAZI? Because George Soros was working AGAINST Trump!
What's similar between Kyrie Irving and Donald Trump? They both fake right, and then go left. 
I guess one possible bright side of trump getting elected would be... Maybe I might live in an age where an assassination happens.
Trump hates Doritos Only Mexicana flavour
Trump vs. Kanye 2020 Yeah. Fuck it, why not.
Amazing scenes in rural US as Trump supporters are seen high-sixing each other.
The election of Donald Trump is proof that we live in a computer simulation We found a bug!
Hillary's mad at Satan  Hillary: Satan! We had a deal! Where's the election victory that you promised me?  Satan: Where's the soul that you said you had?
Trump just won the US Presidential Election "It's Rigged!"
This speech will be very hard for Hillary Clinton... She isn't getting paid for it
If a Republican candidate who is hated by the GOP establishment and loathed by half the country just won the election... ...maybe Hillary should consider running as a Republican!
If Trump wins, I'm leaving the country. If Hillary wins, I'm leaving the country. This isn't a political joke, I just really wanna travel.
Why Donald Trump likes to play Golf not Tennis? He is not good at returns!
Why don't the Clintons like Jehovah's witnesses? The Clintons don't like ANY witnesses.
Donald Trump has a problem. Donald Trump has a problem.  He's had a long life of being a rich playboy, womanizer, having lots of sex.  Recently, however, no matter what he does, he can't have an orgasm.  He's tried sexy outfits for Melania, Viagra, porn, porn *stars,* Japanese massage parlors, fleshlights, pills from the internet, you name it -- but nothing seems to be working.  He says to himself, "this is bullshit, i'm the most powerful man in the world, i've got to get this fixed," so he calls around to his rich friends and gets the number of this urologist doctor in Europe, innovator, #1 doctor in the world. He makes an appointment and flies to Switzerland.  He gets called back to the doctor's plush exam office, and the doctor says, "wow, Mr. Trump, what an honor, I've never worked on a celebrity or a president before. What seems to be the issue?"  Trump says "Well doc, it's the strangest thing, I've always had a great sex life, with my wives or otherwise, but just recently no matter what I do I can't have an orgasm. I've tried all kinds of techniques and medicines but nothing works."  The doctor says "OK Donald, go ahead and get undressed and get up on the exam table and we'll have a look at you." So Trump takes off all his clothes and gets up on the table.  Doctor says "OK Donald, first thing I want you to do is get down on your hands and knees and crawl into that corner of the room over there."  Trump thinks "what? how on earth can this help . . . " but he thinks "hey, this guy is the best in the business, i'll just go with it. "  So, naked, he crawls over into the corner of the room.  Doctor looks him over, takes a couple notes, and says "Ok, Donald, now please crawl over there into that corner." Trump crawls over there. Doctor looks him over, takes a couple notes, and taps his pencil against his chin thoughtfully.  Doctor says "Mmmm hmmm . . . OK now, Mr. Trump, would you now please crawl over there to that wall, underneath that window?  And now at this point, Trump is fed up. He says, "Doctor, I have to know, how is this helping with my problem?"  Doctor says  "Oh, it's not.  I'm just buying a big orange leather couch next week, and I wanted to see what side of the room it'd look best on."
Donald Trump, Mike Pence and Jared Kushner walk into a bar... Prison!  I meant to say prison!
Maybe Space Force is part of Trump’s plan to find... Universal healthcare. 
What's the difference between a tie and a cow tail? The cow tail covers up the whole asshole.
Donald Trump's Law Firm Bendini, Lambert &amp; Locke 
When will the problems with Civil Rights in America end? When there are no Civil Lefts. 
What does Trump call a bombed New York news service? The flailing New York Times.
What would Trump say if he was a Holocaust denier? They’re fake Jews!
What do Kim Jong-un and James Jebbia have in common? They are both supreme leaders
What did Trump say on his way to the gallows? Fake Noose.
Did you see the new "American Tail" movie with Donald Trump in it? Fievel goes back to Russia. 
Donald Trump loves chewing 5 Gum He wants to Stimulate his Pences.
Why did Donald Trump refuse to take a salary? Because when you're good at something you never do it for free.
Trump talks about crowd size Like he talks about his penis size. It's huuuuge, it's the biggest ever, not since X has it ever been so big.  It's just... That when you actually take a look at it... Well you're disappointed
what did the libertarian say after I changed his flat tire? I did it all by myself, without any help from anyone.  
Why does Bernie Sanders support abortions? Because even after he's blown his load he won't pull out. 
Congress gets kidnapped A driver was stuck in a traffic jam on the highway outside Washington, DC.  Nothing was moving.  Suddenly, a man knocks on the window. The driver rolls down the window and asks, "What's going on?"  "Terrorists have kidnapped the entire US Congress, and they're asking for a $100 million dollar ransom. Otherwise, they are going to douse them all in gasoline and set them on fire.  We are going from car to car, collecting donations."  "How much is everyone giving, on an average?" the driver asks.  The man replies, "Roughly a gallon."
Trump writing a thanksgiving tweet  I love the people of Turkey!``   Related: https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/728297587418247168
Trump comes to power and orders that public employees must commit seppuku if they fail in their jobs. He comes to the pile of corpses in military officer uniforms, and is impressed by how small it is.  "Well done on your conquests, boys!  Expand our empire!"  He comes to a pile of corpses in office attire, and approves of how big it is because he hates bureaucrats.  "Keep up the bad work, folks - love how this is going!"  Then he stops short in the shadow of what seems like a mountain, and realizes in horror that it's another pile of bodies.  But they're mostly women dressed in cheerful sweaters and flower-print shirts.  "What the *hell* is this?" he asks.  An aide leans over to explain: "Your Majesty, these are Special Education teachers.  And, well...you were elected." 
Why does Hillary Clinton not like working out? She doesn't want to feel the Bern
How many Berbie Sanders supporters does it take to change a light bulb? Trick question since it was the Democrats that installed all the wiring and bulbs. All Bernie supporters can do is whine and bitch about how dark it is.
If Donald Trump was Chinese, what would his name be? ...Wong.
Trump got a sandwich named after him at his favorite deli. Commander in Cheese Meltdown.   They put it on the kid's menu. 
Hey @realDonaldTrump, try pressing the caps lock key... @realDonaldTrump: O THANKS!!! ITS SO MUCH EASIER TO WRITE NOW!!!!!!!
What does Matthew McConaughey think about an all white, Republican Government? Altright, altright, altright
Obama, Hillary, and Trump are standing at the throne of heaven. God looks at them and says, "Before granting you a place at my side, I must ask you what you have learned, what you believe in."   God asks Obama first: “What do you believe?"    He thinks long and hard, looks God in the eye, and says, "I believe in hard work, and in staying true to family and friends. I believe in giving. I was lucky, but I always tried to do right by my countrymen".  God can’t help but see the essential goodness of Obama , and offers him a seat to his left.   Then God turns to Hillary and says, "What do you believe?"  Hillary says, "I believe passion, discipline, courage and honor are the fundamentals of life. Like Obama I believe in hard work. I, too, have been lucky, but win or lose, I've always tried to be a true patriot and a loyal American."  God is greatly moved by Hillary's high-pitched eloquence, and he offers her a seat to his right.  Finally, God turns to Trump and says, "And you, Donald, what do you believe?"  Trump replies, "I believe you're in my seat."
My Grandpa told me Trump's Presidency would go just "swimmingly"... "No seriously, I think if we continue to deny climate change we'll all be swimming because the damn ice caps gonna melt!"
How does Steve Bannon, Trump's Senior Chief Strategist feel after he gets over a cold? Alt-Right 
They should make a card game where you compete with your friends about who has the best picture of Donald Trump We could call it 'Top Trumps'.
Why does Donald Trump tweet stuff at 3am? Because it's almost afternoon in Russia at that time.
I don't know why they're called Trump supporters. In my day, they were simply called "cups."
Trump is already making good on his promise for jobs. Who else would hire Three Doors Down?
Benjamin Franklin and George Washington walk into a bar and sit down next to Trump. Franklin turns to Trump and says: "I do not believe you understand the value of liberty, my good fellow."  Trump turns to Franklin and gives him a $100 dollar bill and says: "Of course I do.  Money rules this world, Mr. Franklin.  That's all I need to know!"  Trump taps Franklin's portrait on the bill.  "Now leave me alone!"  Franklin scoffs at the gesture and walks out the bar.  Washington is shocked and loudly exclaims: "Sir, you shall not simply buy liberty!  Our country was founded on the notion that liberty ought not to be controlled by the purse!  I would have you know..."  Trump cuts off Washington after flipping through his wallet and says: "Who the hell are you?"
What does Donald Trump like to order at Chinese restaurants? Deportation of the kitchen staff.
White House Update: Dick Cheney extends hunting invitation to Trump Nope. Sorry. Just kidding.  Edit: buncha scrubs keep downvoting my hilarious joke. 
What is Donald Trump's favorite word in Sign Language ddfffffddffddfffddffddddfffff
Love him or hate him at least President Trump is raising awareness of one of the greatest challenges facing America..... ....Mental Health. 'Cause either that dude is crazy or I am and my best guess is before all this is said and done we're all going to need a little therapy.  
What is Donald Trump's Secret Service detail's favorite form of self-defense? Krav Maga
Did you guys hear that Republicans are trying to end racism? Shit my time machine is broken again.
Trump and Pence Trump and Pence  are sitting in a bar...  A guy walks in, spots them, and asks the barman, 'Hey, ain't that Trump and Pence sitting over there?'  The bartender says, 'Yep, that's them.'  So the guy walks over and says, 'Wow, what an honor! What are you guys doing in here?'  Trump says, 'We're planning WW III.'  The guy says, 'Really? Whaddaya think you'll do?'  Trump says, 'Well, we're planning to kill 140 million Muslims, and a blonde with big tits.'  The guy exclaims, 'A blonde with big tits? You shittin' me? Why kill a blonde with big tits?'  Trump turns to Pence, and says, 'See? I told you, no one gives a shit about 140 million Muslims.’
Hillary Clinton and a garbage can have a lot in common Specifically how much sex they get with Bill.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a bar... Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says, “The media is really tearing you apart for that scandal "!!  Hillary: “You mean my lying about Benghazi?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean the massive voter fraud?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean the military not getting their votes counted?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Using my secret private server with classified material to hide my activities?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything lse?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, hiring cronies, And taking bribes from foreign countries? Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean the drones being operated in our own country without the benefit of the law?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it declared bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity deals?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “The funding of neo-Nazis in the Ukraine that led to the toppling of the democratically elected president and to the biggest crisis that country has had since WWII?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “Turning Libya into chaos?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “Being the mastermind of the so-called “Arab Spring” that only brought chaos, death and destruction to the Middle East and North Africa ? Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “Leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi and go to sleep? Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “Encouraging and supporting the murders of Palestinians and the destruction of their homes, towns and villages by Israel ?” Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “The funding and arming of terrorists in Syria, the destruction and destabilization of that nation, giving the order to our lapdogs in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to give sarin gas to the “moderate” terrorists in Syria that they eventually used on civilians, and framed Assad, and had it not been for the Russians and Putin, we would have used that as a pretext to invade Syria, put a puppet in power, steal their natural resources, and leave that country in total chaos, just like we did with Libya? Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “The creation of the biggest refugees crisis since WWII Trump: “No the other one:”  Hillary: “Leaving Iraq in chaos? ” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “The DOJ spying on the press?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and three months later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “The NSA monitoring citizens’ ?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “Threats to all of Bill’s former mistresses to keep them quiet” Trump: “No, the other one.”  Hillary: “I give up! … Oh wait, I think I’ve got it! When I stole the White House furniture and silverware when Bill left office?” Trump: “THAT’S IT! I almost forgot about that one”. 
Hillary and Donald are on a sinking ship. Who gets saved? America
the upside of Trump getting elected - we will save a fortune on the military ..all of our wars will be fought on twitter.......
What's Trump's favorite breakfast? Inflated Eggos.
Kim Jong Un, Martin Shkreli, Donald Trump, and Larry Nassar are put into an arena forced to fight to the death. Who wins? Society
Donald is walking out of the White House and headed towards his limo... Donald is walking out of the White House and headed towards his limo when a possible assassin steps forward and aims a gun.   A secret service agent, new on the job, shouts “Mickey Mouse!” This startles the would be assassin and he is captured.   Later, the secret service agent’s supervisor takes him aside and asks, “What in the hell made you shout Mickey Mouse?”   Blushing, the agent replies, “I got nervous. I meant to shout Donald duck."
When Trump was sworn into office little did he know .  (Credit to Jimmy Carr)
Why is Donald Trump rooting for the Patriots to win Super Bowl LII? Because they're the only championship team that might accept his invitation to the white house.
What does Donald Trump say about mocktails? Fake booze!
How many Donald Trumps does it take to screw in a lightbulb. I dont know. I cant see over the wall.
so, apparently trump is living in trump tower and not the white house one more reason why i want to blow up the tower
Hillary clearly didn't learn from her mistake. For a second time her firewall failed to save her.
They say in 1990 a vagina almost took Bill Clinton down Now it looks like a weiner may take Hillary
A guy pulls out a gun at Donald Trump and the body guard yells.. DONALD DUCK!
Donald Trump Ultra meta meme kids
All this talk about Trump hating immigrants... Yet he married two of them.
Now that Trumps President... Us Brits don't look like the biggest idiots on the planet... 
It's time for Trump to stop running..... and for the immigrants to start.
Trumpet is no longer a musical instrument... Trumps new pet is america!
I would like to thank President Donald Trump on behalf of my wife... suddenly the thousands I invested into Canadian dating sites wasn't so worthless after all.
Americans vote Trump.... Thanks Obama.
I love trump He said as he gazed up at the enormous face. Forty years it had taken him to learn what kind of smile was hidden beneath the dead fox hair. O cruel, needless misunderstanding! O stubborn, self-willed exile from the loving breast! Two gin-scented tears trickled down the sides of his nose. But it was all right, everything was all right, the struggle was finished. He had won the victory over himself. He loved trump.
What's Trumps favourite super market? Walmart.
Why does Donald Trump secretly want to lose the election? Because if he wins, he'll have to move into a smaller house in a black neighborhood.
Why was Bill Clinton our first black president? He keeps being accused of crimes with no evidence.
What's Donald Trump's favorite dish? Cooked Hillary
Why Monica Lewinsky will campaign for the Republicans this time.... She wants to blow Donald's trumpet.
Why did the gay man vote for Trump? He was the biggest dick in the race.
How will Donald Trump decide which ones to deport? By separating the good Juans from the bad Juans!
what's Donald Trump's favorite movie? Wall-E
What do we say to Boris Johnson and Donald Trump running the world? Hair Hair!
Why Trump will win the election? He will use his Trump-card.
Why do people like Trump over Obama? Because Orange is the new Black
Donald Trump announced his plan to ban all non-block forms of cheese He's going to make america grate again
Why is Trump obsessed with who's on Santa's naughty list? Because he wants to prop up the coal industry.
What is Donald Trump's favorite movie? From Russia with Love. 
Obama walks into a bar, but he's invisible. The bartender says "Ok, I'll bite. Why are you invisible?" Barack says "Well, I found a bottle on the beach and...then I rubbed it." "And then...importantly...A genie came out." "The genie said I could have...3 wishes." For my first wish, I said "Let me say this, and this is profoundly important...I want Michelle to marry me...I love her,...and I think America will love her too." That wish was granted. For my second wish, I said "Like all patriotic Americans, I am deeply patriotic...and I want to be President...of the United States...so I can serve my country." That wish was granted too. And then, for my third wish, I started by saying "Let me be clear..."
Why can't Bernie Sanders win the election? Because 12 year olds can't vote.  Edit: I'm actually somewhat of a Bernie supporter, I'm just joking about how he has a lot of youth backing him.
How come Donald Trump has so many kids... ... when he's so good at pulling out?
Trump and Clinton are having a debate The debate centre is blown up by a terrorist organisation. Who's the winner? Society.
A journalist was asking Donald Trumpler what his greatest obstacles in power would be. Trumpler: "The four C's."  Journalist: "What are 'the four C's'?"  Trumpler "Legitimacy, democracy, and competency."  Journalist: "What's the fourth C?"   Trumpler: "Fascism?"  Journalist: "How is fascism a 'C'?"  (Trumpler motions to a bodyguard who pulls out a gun and shoots the journalist in the head)  Trumpler: See?  ---  (LMAO - losing net 6 votes in a matter of seconds.  Oh yeah, this didn't trigger the Trazis at all.  Whiner brigades with the waaaambulance to the rescue!) 
If Clinton wins I'm leaving the country I don't want to find out the borders closed while I'm on vacation in Europe
Now that Trump has been elected, more people are going to Planned Parenthood. They're worried he'll take away their ability to get an abortion.  If my girlfriend gets pregnant, I'm not worried. I've got a plan I know Trump won't disagree with.   I'll just kick her right in the pussy.
I went as Hillary's emails for Halloween I didn't show up
Trump: "Hows that Mexican mall going?" "Mall? We thought you said wall"  Trump: "No way that's harsh, also hows that Muslim band looking?"
Trump's first act as president Gives away the First Lady's job to an immigrant. #ThanksDonald
Donald Trump truly made history... Winning an argument against a woman. 
What's Donald Trump and Crest Pro-Health toothpaste have in common? Both have extra whitening power! Trump 2016
You know which industry Trumps win is amazing for? The salt industry
What medical condition are Clinton supporters currently experiencing? Tendienitis
HEY REPUBLICANS!!!! I KNOW WHAT YOU ARE, BUT WHAT AM I?!?!? I'm a liberal democrat representing 32 recently deceased voters in Michigan. /s\
What's Donald Trump's favorite instrument? The trumpet...
What did President-Elect Trump ask Bill Clinton? So...      When do the interns get here?
What is the difference between Donald Trump and a vibrator? A vibrator is not a genuine dick
If Hillary wins the wins the election do we have to call her the first F President? She would be the first female president, but the emails got deleted. 
Thanks, Obama! The one time the Republicans are actually happy it is Obama's fault that Trump is President. 
What does the new MacBook and Donald Trump have in common? THERE'S NO ESCAPE
What do Democrats hate most? Dead baby jokes.
What do Trump supporters do with their leaves every fall? They rake them into big piles, put them into plastic yard bags, and then toss them over the Mexican border for being brown.
Voting for Hillary because of her political experience is like... Hiring Hitler as a birthday magician because he made 6,000,000 people disappear. 
I don't understand how a Trump victory means the end of America I mean America survived a Civil War, two World Wars, Watergate, the Cold War, 9/11 and two terms of George Bush Jr.  I think America will be fine.
Donald Trump wants to show millennials that he can work with his political opponents so he invites them to a dabbing contest. Hillary Clinton, Jill Stein, and Gary Johnson are all invited (Bernie sanders is unfortunately left out, as usual).    Jill Stein goes first but she's so preoccupied with the recount case that she only manages to dab four times in the thirty second period.    Hillary Clinton smiles and says "ya know, I think I got this" and with some practice from the Ellen show, she manages to dab an impressive 20 times in half a minute.    Gary Johnson now looks worried but Hillary Clinton reassures him, "Gary, it's just a competition. Nothing much at stake here, why not give it a shot?"    But Johnson is still really confused. "What the fuck," he says as he cracks open a bag of weed, "I thought we were gonna dab!" 
I am still at a loss over Hillary Clinton's defeat and I emailed my consolations to her, ​but never got a response Do I need to call FBI to look into it​​
What does trump call the loose skin around a vagina? A woman
What's Donald Trump's least favorite Star Wars movie? Rogue Juan
All I know is that if Trump wins... And he gets shot like JFK, Melania won't have any brains to try to piece together.
What's the difference between contracting syphilis and voting Trump into office? It doesn't take 4 years to get rid of syphilis.
If Trump wins on Nov. 8th.... will his wife be called "The Third Lady"?
If Trump wins tonight... He'll be the first person to go from P.O.S. to P.O.T.U.S.
The consequences of electing Trump... There will be heil toupee
Trump won. Sometimes you just have to risk it all and grab life by the pussy.
Hillary Clinton Riddles Q: Apparently Monica Lewinsky won’t be voting for Hillary Clinton this election A: She says the last Clinton presidency left a bad taste in her mouth  Q: All Trump has to say to beat Hillary in the debates A: I have the receipts.  Q: What does Bill say to Hillary after sex? A: Honey I’ll be home in 20 minutes.  Q: What is Bill Clinton’s definition of safe sex? A: When Hillary is out of town. 
What is the difference between Trump supporters and everyone else? Trump supporters vote
Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton are on a boat that is sinking, who survives? America.
Liberals shouldn't fear Donald Trump It's not like candidates ever keep their promises.
How are Hillary Clinton and marijuana users alike? They both support drugs and they both belong in prison.
Why did the dentist vote for Trump? He likes to keep things white and straight.
Trump is not going to be president of the USA for long He will leave the country for a younger and more beautiful one. 
A Trump supporter asked Donald Trump what he thought of Vladimir Putin, and Trump said "Grandfucker." "Grandfucker?" the Trump supporter asked.  "What does that mean, Your Majesty?"  "Well, you see, my dick is up your ass," Trump told his sycophant.  The Trump supporter stumbled and stuttered in confusion.  "Wh-...what do you mean, O Big-Handed One?"  "And Putin's dick is up my ass," Trump said.  "Okay...but I still don't get it," the supporter said.  "Don't you see?  His dick is up my ass, and my dick is up yours.  He's your grandfucker."  
What do you call female Donald Trump supporters? Trumpettes.
Why did neither Hillary nor Trump win the election? Jill Stein
Guys, can we please stop making jokes about Donald Trump? Otherwise, we'll all have hell toupee.
If Trump wins... ...will the last person to leave the USA please turn off the light.
Trump is President. Yes, President Trump. 
What do Donald Trump &amp; the iPhone 7 have in common? They both think de-porting is the answer when there's no more Jobs.
Trump wants to appoint Ben Carson to the Department of Education, but I think he would do better in the FDA He can feed everyone with all of the grain in those pyramids.
What's a Republican Congressman's favorite movie? Kill Bill
How do you get over Trump's wall? With the help of a Trumpoline.
In a recent interview a few Germans were asked why they are celebrating Trump's election... Their response: "For ze first time in modern history, ve will not be ze ones to start ze vworld vwar" 
Why does Donald Trump secretly not want to become president? He'd have to move in to a smaller house in a black neighborhood. 
Why /r/Hillaryclinton is a ghost town All their keyboards have water damage.
Did you hear about Trump's tax plan? Declare that the US has a $900 million loss so we all don't have to pay taxes! 
Hasbro should come out with a new line of "Bop It" toys honoring the President-Elect and call them "Trump It." You know, like, "Comb it! Sniff it! Grab it! Grab it!"  The possibilities for "Trump It Extreme" are even greater...
I had a hilarious meme about Hillary losing the election to Trump. But she deleted it... 
Cruz picked Fiorina as his running mate. She probably gives better head than Kasich.
Bernie will win the 2020 Democratic Nomination... ...because his supporters will be old enough to vote.
Bernie Sanders to cut the BS Now wants to be called Ernie Anders
Before Bill Clinton came along... The President was known as the hand of state.
If Bernie doesn't get the nomination, I'm voting Trump... Also, if McDonalds is out of Chicken Nuggets, I'm going to eat 20 scorpions.
I had a Bernie supporters joke..... But most of them don't work.
Donald Trump goes to meet the queen... ...while there he is most impressed with the service she recieves from her butlers and staff and he asks her how she gets such good employees.  She says she screen them for intelligence and proceeds to demonstrate by summoning David Cameron:  "Come here, David. Now answer me," she starts, "if your mother and your father have a child and that child is neither your sister nor your brother, who is that child?"  David looks a bit flustered but answers: "Why Ma'am, that child would be me".  "Correct." And she dismisses him with a wave of her hand.  Trump is so impressed with this, he decides to try it out as soon as he gets back home. The moment he arrives, he summons Corey Lewandowski: "Corey, if your mother and your father have a child and that child was neither your brother nor your sister, who would that child be?"  Corey's voice crackles and he breaks into a sweat: "Boss, can I get back to you on this tomorrow...?"  "Sure, let me know tomorrow." says Donald.  Corey's in a flat panic. He Googles the heck out of it, even goes to page two. No positive answer. Ask Jeeves, Bing, Yahoo: nothing. Realising there is no hope, in a last ditch effort not to dissappoint his boss and for strategic importance, he calls Bernie, anonymously, of course: "Bernie, if your mother and your father have a child and that child was neither your brother nor your sister, who would that child be?"  Bernie answers: "Absolutely Corey, that child would be me."  Corey heads back to Trump tower confidently.   "Donald, I see now that child would be Bernie!" he exclaims.  "Wrong," yells Trump, "that child is David Cameron."
If Hillary wins what would she have to say to give us reassurance? "I did not have sexual relations with that woman"
How is Donald Trump going to shut down the Department of Education? By renaming it Trump University.
Hilary Clinton becomes president. Refer back to title.
How many Republicans does it take to change a lightbulb? None. They're afraid of change- even if it makes the world a brighter place.  (Edit: Folks, take a breath. It is a joke.)
The devil visits Donald Trump in 1980 "I will make you rich. I will give you women. I will make you famous. I will make you president of the United States. All I want in exchange is the souls of your wives and children. They will burn in Hell for all eternity."  Trump thinks about this for a moment.  "So what's the catch?" he says.
How many Democrats does it take to change a lightbulb? None. They're afraid of change- even if it makes the world a brighter place.   (Edit: Folks, take a breath. It is a joke.)
What's Donald Trump's favorite dog breed? A close-the-border collie. 
What do Donald Trump &amp; the Kool-Aid Man have in common? They are both loud, artifically colored, and obsessed with walls.
What is Donald Trump's favorite movie? Ocean's Chapter Eleven
What's the difference between a gay person and a Republican? The Republican gets butthurt when OTHER people receive sodomy
How many congressmen does it take to run a government? This post is government funded, please check back after the shutdown has ended and funding has resumed.
What is Donald Trump's favorite band? The Wallflowers
How many Democrats does it take to change a lightbulb? None. They only *talk* about change.
One day in the future, Donald Trump has a heart-attack and dies. He immediately goes to Hell, where the devil is waiting for him. "I don't know what to do here," says the devil." You're on my list, but I have no room for you.  You definitely have to stay here, so I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I've got three folks here who weren't quite as bad as you.  I'll let one of them go, but you have to take their place. I'll even let YOU decide who leaves."  Donald thought that sounded pretty good, so the devil opened the door to the first room.  In it was Barack Obama and a large pool of water. Barack kept diving in, and surfacing, empty handed. Over, and over he dived in and surfaced with nothing. Such was his fate in hell.  "No," Donald said. "I don't think so. I'm not a good swimmer and it would ruin my hair. I don't think I could do that all day long."  The devil led him to the door of the next room. In it was Al Gore with a sledge-hammer and a room full of rocks. All he did was swing that hammer, time after time after time. "No, this is no good; I've got his problem with my shoulder. I would be in constant agony if all I could do was break rocks all day," commented Donald.  The devil opened a third door. Through it, Donald saw Bill Clinton, lying on the bed, his arms tied over his head and his legs restrained in a spread-eagle pose. Bent over him was Monica Lewinsky, doing what she does best.  Donald looked at this in shocked disbelief, and finally said, "Yeah man, I can handle this."  The devil smiled and said..........  "OK, Monica, you're free to go."
What's the difference between a libertarian wedding and a libertarian funeral? One less opinion
How many parties does it take to run a democratic nation? Two, one to... just kidding you can't run a democratic nation on two parties. 
Someone said Trump was against change. I disagree Just look at his wives!
What is Donald Trump's favorite Pink Floyd album? Dark side of the Moon, for it's eclectic instrumentation and higher than average production values.
A Democrat, a Republican and a guy with hemmerhoids walk into a bar... They're all butthurt.
What did Princess Toadstool say to Donald Trump? IMPEACH. 
Why Was Donald Trump Not Allowed to Join the CIA? Because they already had Agent Orange
What's Michelle Obama's favorite place on reddit? /r/jokes cause it's all about recycling!
Donald Trump parked his brand new Porsche Donald Trump parked his brand new Porsche in front of the office, ready to show it off to his colleagues. As he got out, a bus came along too close to the curb and completely tore off the driver's side. The Donald immediately whipped out his phone and dialed 911. It wasn't more than 5 minutes before a policeman pulled up. Before the policeman had a chance to ask any questions, the banker started screaming how his car, which he just picked up that day, was completely ruined and would never be the same again.   After Trump finally finished his rant, the policeman shook his head in disbelief. "I can't believe how materialistic you finance guys are," he said "You're so focused on your possessions, you don't care about anything else!"    "How can you say that?" asked the Donald, angrily. The policeman replied, "Didn't you realize that your left arm is missing from your elbow down? It's been completely torn off from when the truck hit you!"    Donald Trump looked down in absolute horror. "Fucking Hell!" he screamed... "Where's my Rolex!?"
I heard Donald Trump has read a lot of different books.. ..Apparently for the most part he never made it past Chapter 11.
Trump vs Media Donald Trump saw a car with four people in it skid out of control over a bridge into a river. Mr. Trump jumped into the water and was able to save three of them before the fourth one drowned.  I read about it in an article titled "President-elect Trump, who lost the popular vote, allows innocent teenager to drown right in front of him"
President-Elect Trump invited the Pope for lunch President-Elect Trump invited the Pope for lunch on his mega yacht, the Pope accepted and during lunch, a puff of wind blew the Pontiff's hat off, right into the water.  It floated off about 50 feet, then the wind died down and it just stayed in place.  The crew and the secret service were scrambling to launch a boat to go get it, when Trump waved them off, saying "Never mind, boys, I'll get it."  The Donald climbed over the side of the yacht, walked on the water to the hat, picked it up, walked back on the water, climbed onto the yacht, and handed the Pope his hat.  The crew was speechless. The security team and the Pope's entourage were speechless. Not even the Pope knew what to say.  But that afternoon, NBC, CBS, ABC, MSNBC, CNN all knew how to cover the story. Their banner headlines read,  "TRUMP CAN'T SWIM!"
What do you call a group of trump supporters? Idiots
The first president to have a arab is Donald Trump. Ask an Indian.
If Trump wins the election.... I hope he leaves us for a younger, more attractive Eastern European Country after a year or two. 
What does a Lindsay Lohan and a Donald Trump have in difference? One has the same and the other with a maples can I get a hey? 
A man walked into a cowboy bar and ordered a beer just as Trump came on the TV.. After a few sips he looked up at the screen and mumbled, "Now there is the biggest horse's ass I've ever seen." Immediately a customer at the end of the bar got up, walked over, decked him and left. "Dadgum!" the man said, climbing back up to the bar. "This must be Trump country." "Nope," the bartender replied, "Horse country!"
Bill Clinton is on a plane when, suddenly, the engines fail. Jeffrey Epstein and Bill put on parachutes and head for the door.  The copilot says, "What about the children?"  "Fuck the children," Epstein says.  Bill looks over his shoulder and laughs, then says, "We already did."
The Trump Tower incident proves that.. ..the only way to climb up a corporate ladder is by sucking up
Republicans hate a family with two dads.... Yet love a nation with fore fathers.
Donald Trump That is all.
Please stop saying Donald Trump is mean He can't even make an average president
Obama looks 40 years older at the end of his presidency. Trump looks 40 years younger at the end of his presidency.
Trump &amp; Clinton Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are stuck on a boat. Who survives?      America.
How does Donald Trump like his Horchatas? He deports the chata.
What did Trump send to the pornstar? Fake nudes
What did Donald Trump say to the redditor trying to ask a question he didn’t understand? You should FIRE that one!  (Get it? Because “You’re Fired”)
There are two types of Catholics right now- for Trump's wall and against Trump's wall. Catholic priests have maintained their same position as they are used to crossing the lines with children.
Putin, Trump, and Merkel are walking down a beach... ... Somewhere off the coast of Spain. They're enjoying themselves, toes in the sand, talking lightheartedly about trivial matters under the bright, warm sun, when Putin brings up the topic of submarines. "Russian sub engineering is the greatest in the world!" Explains Putin, "Our subs can stay underwater hunting stealthily for six months at a time." "Hah, Sad! That's nothing compared to the American brilliance, pathetic!" boasted Trump, "Our subs have been under for the past two years without surfacing, Excellent! Some are even built underwater, Wonderful!" Meanwhile, Merkel appeared somewhat uninterested in the topic, gazing off into the sea. All of a sudden, a great rumbling and frothing appeared on the surface of the water, and a metal porthole popped up. The lid opened, a raggedy old man crawled out, flopped through the water to the beach, and rolled over to the leaders, before rising to his feet and saluting, declaring  "We are in need of food in water in order to continue our path to glory, oh, and HEIL HITLER!" 
Who is Donald Trump's least favourite rock band? Foreigner.
A joke for Donald Trump - what do you get when you cross Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles? Killed in a tunnel
In Trumps America he's not Aladdin He's Aladout
How many of Donald Trump's Cabinet does it take to change a lightbulb? None. Apparently, they prefer holding meetings in the dark.
Why is Trump taking a $1 salary? He would do anything to avoid paying taxes
I am still waiting for Trump to eat a Snickers ... ... so he becomes Obama again  You're not you when you're hungry
What do you call a group of roses, cacti and Donald Trump? A bunch of pricks
If there's one thing Trump should have learned from history... It's that the theater has NEVER been a safe space for presidents.
Why does Trump pay for stuff in exact change? He doesnt like carrying around trump change.
Do you think Obama's going to deal with Russia while he's still in office? Nah, I think he's Biden his time.
As Hillary is leaving to go vote... ...she says to Bill, "tonight there will be two presidents sleeping in this bed."  The next morning Bill says "so, is Donald coming here tonight or are we going over to his place?"
A little old lady attending the presidential inauguration fell down next to a statue of a lion during Obama's opening remarks, so Trump helped her up off the ground. The media pounced on this with the newspaper headline: Obama screams at old lady, pushes her down.  Trump grabs her by the pussy.
What should Bernie Sanders' next presidential campaign be called? Hindsight is 2020
Trump has a bulletproof vest that will protect him from assassination It's called Mike Pence   ...and it only works protects him from liberals
Trumps Father  I am preparing my time machine to go back in 1945 and give Fred Trump a condom...
Here's to all of the trump supporters out there, a toast. *Raises bleach*
Donald Trump That's it, that's the joke.
The value of the Peso has significantly dropped after Trump's election Ironically, now Mexico can't afford to pay for the wall.
Donald Trump is the president elect of the United States. I am still not sure if it belongs here or in r/politics (?)
Trump won the election So I guess orange really is the new black?
What's Donald Trump's favorite drink? A white Russian.
Looks like we are no longer an Obamanation. It's gonna be a trumped up world.
I don't know why people call Trump sexist He was just grabbing his cat
If I had a penny for every Trump joke being made right now I would have a small loan of a million dollars
Trump: I agree with Hillary that a woman's place is not in the house Not in the white house that is.
What is Donald Trump's favorite Counter Strike map? de_port
Difference between Democrats and Republicans A woman in a hot air balloon realized she was lost. She lowered her altitude and spotted a man in a boat below. She shouted to him:  "Excuse me, can you help me? I promised a friend I would meet him an hour ago, but I don't know where I am."  The man consulted his portable GPS and replied, "You're in a hot air balloon, approximately 30 feet above ground elevation of 2,346 feet above sea level. You are at 31 degrees, 14.97 minutes north latitude and 100 degrees, 49.09 minutes west longitude.  She rolled her eyes and said, "You must be an Obama Democrat.  "I am," replied the man. "How did you know?"  "Well," answered the balloonist, "everything you told me is technically correct. But I have no idea what to do with your information, and I'm still lost. Frankly, you've not been much help to me."  The man smiled and responded, "You must be a Republican."  "I am," replied the balloonist. "How did you know?"  "Well," said the man, "you don't know where you are -- or where you are going. You've risen to where you are , due to a large quantity of hot air. You made a promise you have no idea how to keep, and you expect me to solve your problem. You're in exactly the same position you were in before we met, but somehow, now it's my fault."  Saw it from Greg Hadaller but he is not taking credit for it:
Obama vs ISIS The pentagon has changed strategies in the war against ISIS. Instead of sending cruise missles they are sending Obamas Economic Advisors. 
Donald Trump being president is like finding a pubic hair in your food Some people are disgusted by it, some people are content to ignore it and go about their day, and then there's that one percent who love it.     ... too political?
What is Donald Trumps least favorite day of the week? Taco Tuesday.
What do you call a horny Donald Trump? President-Erect
Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin and Kathleen Wynn, all die and go to hell.(Ontario Joke) While there, they spy a red phone and ask  what the phone is for.  The devil tells them it is  for calling back to Earth.  Putin calls Russia and talks for 5 minutes.  When he was finished the devil informs him that  the cost is a million dollars, so Putin writes him a  cheque.. Next Donald Trump calls the U.S. and talks for 30 minutes.  When he's finished the devil informs him that the cost is  6 million dollars, so Trump writes him a cheque.  Finally Kathleen Wynn gets her turn and calls  Ontario for 4 hours.  When she's finished, the devil informed her  that there would be no charge and feel free to  call Ontario anytime.  Putin and Trump go ballistic and ask the devil  why Kathleen Wynn got to call Ontario free.  The devil replied, "Since Kathleen Wynn became  Premier of Ontario, the province has gone to hell,  so it's a local call."
How many republicans does it take to screw in a light bulb? Ah, I'll have get back to you on that one...
Did you hear that Donald Trump claimed the Canadian Prime Minister uttered a falsehood? It was Trudeau
Where does the White House keep the broken, old and dirty crockery that is not suitable for public display? Trump's Cabinet.
When Donald Trump went to Westeros... When Donald Trump went to Westeroes, why did he get on so well with the Knightswatch?  Because he was going to build a wall to keep the White Walkers out and he was going to make them PAY for it!
Daddy, if Donald Trump lies everyday, how come he never had to go on time-out? Because son, there's no corners to sit in in the Oval Office.
Trump calls it locker room talk... ... And its true! I have seen hours of hidden locker room footage on the Internet and those girls kiss and grab each others pussies all the time! 
How does Donald Trump keep Mexicans off reddit? With a text wall.
What's Donald Trump's favourite type of gun? A sexual assault rifle
What did Bill Cosby call Donald Trump? A rookie.
How many Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to screw in a light-bulb? None. They like to live in the darkness.
If Hillary becomes president, I'm killing myself... With two shots to the back of the head. 
Why Donald Trump will rather plant trees along the border? Because trees are much easier to plant trees than build a huge wall and no **Juan** knows how to cut the trees and have papers.
What did Trump call his new cat? Trumpet.
What is the difference between Donald Trump and the NSA? Donald Trump doesn't care what anyone thinks and the NSA cares what everyone thinks.
The latest Trump speeches have been moving... ...so many people to Canada.
Donald Trump just obliterated Hillary Clinton's campaign to smithereens with THIS secret Trump bazooka Pure sensationalism. Hillary Clinton supporters are furious.
Donald Trump put out an ad that said, "I can make you a millionaire in three months" with one small caveat... Billionaires only.
Donald Trump goes for a haircut... ... he tells the barber he's tired of the classic Donald look and wants to try something cleaner. The barber cuts his hair short and styles it professionally.   "That's perfect!" Donald exclaims. "It's one of the very best haircuts around, believe me. It's a tremendous improvement and I'm very proud of it!"   Donald heads out into New York City to show off his fancy new hairdo. He strikes up a conversation with a woman in a flowery dress, and after a few minutes notices that she doesn't seem to recognize him. Seeing an opportunity to get an inside look on his popularity with the female voters, he asks her, "so who do you want to win this election?"   "Certainly not Trump!" exclaims the woman. "He's a sexist pig who treats women terribly. I hope he never sets one foot in the White House."   Trump is flabbergasted, but stumbles onward and tries to shake it off. He sees a black woman in sweatpants walking around and decides to see how he fares with the black working class.   "Excuse me!", Trump calls out. "I was wondering if I could ask who you want to win this election?"   "Definite not that racist pig, Trump!", the woman retorts.   Donald is now visibly upset and sulks about throughout the city, unable to shake off the two blows to his ego. There, in the street, he spots his dear wife, Melania. Desperate for support, he approaches her.   "Mrs. Trump!", Donald calls out. "May I ask who you are rooting for this election?"   Melania lets out a long sigh. She says, "Don't tell anyone this, but I can't wait for my husband to lose to Hillary so we can get on with our lives. He's horribly unqualified, he's making us look bad, and he's dragging his family down with him."   This is too much for Trump to hear, and he runs off into the streets, denouncing his candidacy and thereby dropping out of the election.   That evening, CNN's Anderson Cooper is covering this groundbreaking news, and announces that three guests will be speaking out about Trump's withdrawal. The woman in the flowery dress, the black woman in sweatpants, and Melania Trump appear on screen.   Cooper addresses the woman in the dress. "Ma'am, how do you feel about this shocking turn of events?"   The woman cackles and replies, "What? Don't you recognize me? It's me, Hillary Clinton! I decided to ditch the pantsuit today, and I am thrilled to hear that my opponent has dropped out."   Cooper is shocked. "Oh, Secretary Clinton, my apologies!".   Trying to recover, he addresses the black woman. "Ma'am, what's your take on this fascinating turn of events?"   The black woman snappily responds, "What, don't you recognize me? It's me, Michelle Obama! Can't I go one day without dressing my best? And yes, I'm so happy to hear that racist, Mr. Trump, has finally dropped out of this election."   Flustered, Anderson Cooper turns to Melania Trump. "Mrs. Trump, how do you feel about your husband dropping from the election?"   Melania looks shocked and says, "What, don't you recognize me? It's me, Michelle Obama!"
Walking around Washington, Joe Biden sees Donald Trump and says to him... Hey Donald! (says Joe Biden), I know I'm an ugly, bumbling, retard, with ridiculous hair plugs, so I've long since accepted that women don't find me attractive.  But for your whole life, the most beautiful women have always loved you.  I've wanted to know what it was like to be a man who actually gets the women.  Trump says, well... you spend every day in the White House with Barack.  I mean, sure he's an idiot, hates America, and has destroyed the US economy, but some women like him anyway, why don't you ask him?  Biden replies, LOL... I mean, yes, its true, some women do actually like Barack, but c'mon, everyone knows he's gay, what do you think that whole "Reggie Love is my body guard" thing was *really* about?    Trump laughs to himself, and says... haha yes, I guess it was kinda obvious, even without having heard all the rumors.   Not that there is anything wrong with being gay, of course... but a guy like Obama hiding his true self kinda makes sense, its not like he is really capable of telling the truth in any area of his life anyway.  Biden says, lol yup, you got that right, between just you and me, Obamas a communist, and fake in just about everything he says.  Trump replies, tell me something that isn't obvious!  Biden says, well? c'mon, you see... being surrounded by a liar and beta male like obama how desperate I am to hear about anything from the life of a real Alpha male like you, please just tell me about something from your dating life?  please, please, I'll kiss your feet!  Trump takes mercy on him, and says have SOME pride Joe, get up off the floor, stop your groveling, and I'll tell you something from my life.  Thank you, Sir, says Joe (practically with tears in his eyes)  Donald Trump, stands tall, and tells Joe Biden, I love Melania, but we have an open marriage (by mutual agreement)  In fact, just last night, I slept with a Brazilian woman.  Joe Biden replies, “Oh my God! You stud, Donald! That sounds awesome, but please tell me, just how many is a brazilian?
What's the difference between a Trump University diploma and a Trump hat? You can get $7 for the hat on ebay.
What's the difference between Zorro's weapon and Donald Trump? One is a light bladed thrusting weapon, and the other is a bit rapier...
God called on the Pope, Donald Trump, and Bill Gates, and told them, "I called you together to let you know that I am tired of all the bickering, hate and violence in the world. You have 30 days to get things in order, then I am going to end the world. "  The Pope woke his staff and said, "I have some good news and some good news. The good news is that we were right all along, God exists. The other good news is that we'll be going to heaven in 30 days."  Donald Trump woke his staff and said, "I have some good news and some bad news. The good news is that God is on our side. The bad news is that the world will end in 30 days."   Bill Gates woke his staff and said, "I have some good news and some great news. The good news is that God thinks I'm as important as the President and the Pope. The great news is that Apple will be out of buisiness in 30 days!"
What do you get when you cross Prince Andrew and Donald Trump? Suicided by hanging.
What’s does Donald Trump’s hair and a thong have in common? They both barely cover the asshole.   Thank you for the silver anon person!!
Donald Trump goes to Africa in safari, but they only show him a photo of some wildebeests. Fake gnus!
What do you call an Eevee who evolves during Trump's visit to the Moscow Ritz Carlton? Peon
Bernie Sanders walks in to a bar and yells "free drinks for everyone" who's buying?
Donald Trump and I agree on one thing. We both would like to bang his daughter.
Punctuation is the difference between "Love trumps hate"... and "Love Trump's hate."
Hillary and Trump are on a sinking boat, who survives? America.
How does Donald Trump plan to get rid of the mexicans? Juan by Juan
Putin, Hillary and Trump crash in a freak plane accident 100 kilometres into oacean from cuba. They all 3 drifting in saving raft.  But luck! Trump finds 2 paddles, and they decide to row towards Cuba. Now they have to decide who will row. Before everyone becomes sexist, Hillary suggests to hold democratic election. After election as Hillary and Trump are rowing, Trump silently whispers to Hillary: "Don't you think Putin cheated? There is only three of us in raft, but each of us both got 5 votes..."
So if Trump doesn't like conversations with Turnbull and Australians don't like conversations with Turnbull, is Turnbull... ... Malcolm in the middle?
Trump could easily jumpstart the coal industry He should put coal miners to work excavating his Christmas stocking 
What is the difference between God and Donald Trump ? Question : What is the difference between God and Donald Trump ? Answer: God Doesn’t think he’s Donald Trump. Lol 
The lie detector robot's brother, the press conference robot walks into a White House press conference It walks out after hearing the President and slaps itself.
What Do Donald Trump and Lex Luthor Have in Common? They hate illegal aliens
Did you hear that Donald Trump won Florida? Apparently the only Cuban that voted for Clinton is a billionaire.
What "locker-room" comment did Donald Trump's Communist twin make? You must seize her by her means of reproduction! 
[Long] Donald Trump switches places with Ronald Reagan. "Mr. Gorbachev, I want increased border security. Double the guards, double everything. This... fence... is a disgrace! I want a wall Mr. Gorbachev, a real big wall. It is going to be YUGE. Absolutely tremendous. Look at China, they are doing fine with their wall! With our close ties, I am sure Russia and the United States can work together to build this thing. Heck, I will even get you guys to pay for it! And, once its done, its okay to call it a piece of mass. Because like I said, its going to be yyyyuuuuuggggee."
Bill Clinton tried to cheer up Hillary this morning. He reminded her that Nelson Mandela wasn't elected President until after he had served 27 years in prison. 
If Trump gets elected, I'm moving to Mexico. Then at least there's a wall to protect me.
What did Obama say in Trump's ear when he handed over the Oval Office? Biden...
If Trump replaces Obama as president.... We really are all fucked
Why did Obama leave after 8 years? Because no black guy stays to see his kid grow up.   Be gentle with me, it's my first time.
The Pope, Lebron James, Donald Trump, and a 10 year old boy are flying in a airplane ... The airplane looses power and is quickly falling from the sky, they are gonna crash.  Their are only three parachutes  and the discussion begins about who should have them.  Lebron James rambles on "I'm the King of Cleveland! My fans need me to win the championship!" He takes one of the parachutes and bails.   Donald Trump rambles on " I am President Elect! My people need me to make America Great Again! I am the smartest man in all of the US! He takes one of the bags and jumps.   The Pope says to the young boy, " I have lived a long and fulfilling life. You should take the last parachute and I will go down with the plane." The boy responds, "The smartest man in America took my suitcase. We can both live."
Why couldn't Hillary rig the election like she rigged the DNC? She deleted that email.
President Trump could open two new wineries... ...with all of the sour grapes he produced overnight.
I support trump as president because... Nigel Farage would like to be US's ambassador to Brussels under Trump's administration. Finally we can get rid of Nigel fucking Farage ������
El Chapo has offered $100 million dollars for Trumps body, dead or alive. I guess that finally answers the question about how much Donald Trump is actually worth.
Why are Muslims worried about Trumps immigration plans? Once you deport Juan you deport Jamal.
When I lay down to go to sleep, I watch Hillary Clinton rallies It is much more convenient than counting sheep individually.
Why did Donald Trump run for president? So he could use the @POTUS twitter account. 
Hillary Clinton used to be a female But she deleted the emale, so now she's just f. 
I feel for Hillary Clinton  The FBI found a server in my basement too. She was from Hooters I think.
Why is Hillary confident she still has a path to the presidency? If Nelson Mandela did it after he got out of prison, she can too. 
If Donald Trump has been married three times... Does that make Melania the "Third Lady"?
Top Ten Benefits of a Trump Presidency 10. Instagram photos of fancy food replaced by photos of comfort food.  9. Household net worth rises if women are considered property.  8. SNL and the Daily Show get a little better.  7. Americans get to experience four year educational historical reenactment of Nazi Germany.  6. Pared down Facebook friends list keeps snooping relatives from seeing your EDM concert photos.  5. College protests exercise the legs of students who did not leave their dorms to vote.  4. Most violent and racist members of society can leave woodwork and mingle with general population without fear of rejection.  3. No trees to block our few across Flat Earth.  2. Hillary gets to wear comfortable clothes and binge-watch Netflix.  1. There aren't any, Jesus, sheeple.
Donald Trump is such a good salesman he could sell ice to the Eskimos. Which will come in handy considering his policies on global warming.
If I had a penny for every Trump joke made during the election... I could be the president in 2020
Before leaving, president Obama called Putin to ask whether he and trump colluded. Obama: hey, vlad.  Putin: yes, Barry?   Obama: before I leave, can we talk man-to-man for a minute?  Putin: sure thing, put Michelle on the phone. 
Trump, Pence, Bannon, Sessions, Pompeo, Flynn, Priebus, Tillerson. Not sure Trump knows this but traditionally, you only need 4 horsemen.
My grandmother voted Republican until the day she died. Ever since then, she's voted Democrat.  
Saw a photo of a clown and Trump.. in bed together naked. I figured it was Ronald FcDonald. 
Obama vows retaliation against "Russian Election Hacking" "We begin bombing in five minutes."
I leant my republican friend a copy of '1984' to show him how politics shouldnt be run, but i think it backfired... Now he is an unwavering supporter of Big Brother.
One day, Donald Trump visited an elementary school One day, Donald Trump visited an elementary school, to tell the children about his success, and to show off his ‘intelligence’.  The schoolchildren were learning vocabulary, specifically the word ‘tragedy’, when the famous businessman stormed into the classroom.  Trump decided to help the children learn the word ‘tragedy’, and asked the following question to them:  “What would be a tragedy, kids?”  A bespectacled boy nervously answers:  “If my best friend died of pneumonia, that would be a tragedy.”  “No, that would be a great loss,” Trump corrects him.  Another shy young child answers:  “If my uncle got hit by a train, that would be a tragedy.”  “No, no, that would be an accident,” Trump replies.  A young girl raises her hand. The wealthy businessman asks her if she’d like to give an example of a tragedy. The girl nods, and says:  “If Mr. Trump was in his private jet, and a missile hit the jet, that would be a tragedy.”  “Yes, that would be a tragedy for sure. Can you tell me why?” The businessman asks.  “Well, it definitely wasn’t a great loss, and I’m not sure if it was an accident, either,”
What's the difference between a comedian and a Republican? One benefits from laughs and the other laughs at benefits
Obama's announcement Today, President Obama announced that, after January 20th, the official title of "U.S. Government" will be changed to include quotation marks around Government.
Donald Trump goes Christmas shopping with a once impoverished immigrant to help amend the anxieties of liberal America ... The immigrant is overjoyed at the endless array of store items stretching before him.  As he's about to burst into tears, he spots three life-like mannequins off in the distance.  The first was so similar to a real human that he's convinced it's some very talented performer.  The flawless animatronics that moved the face and arms made him even more confused.  The second wasn't as impressive.  There were details that just seemed "off".  The colors were blotchy in some areas, and occasional jerks from the old arm pistons often broke his immersion.  The third was, by far, the worst.  It's cheap paint-job hardly made up for it's pretentiously lifeless face.  It could barely move to the point that the animatronic gears were thoroughly rusted.  In a fit of rage, he violently kicked the poorly-constructed mannequin to the ground.  Trump finally caught up with the immigrant, apparently not noticing what just transpired until now.  Trump points and laughs at the disfigured plastic sculpture below.  "You're so klutzy!" he said, laughing hysterically.  "I knocked the stupid thing down on purpose!" the immigrant stated proudly.  Trump's crooked smile did a 180 into angry disbelief, and screamed "What's wrong with you?!  Only **I** can kick Melania!"
What do Donald Trump &amp; the iPhone 7 have in common? They both think de-porting is the answer when there's no more Jobs.
Picking a Supreme Court Justice is a lot like crossing a river... It all comes down to Roe v Wade
Whats Bill Clintons favorite state to be in? Maryland
The Pope and Trump are in front of a large crowd The Pope leaned over to Trump and whispered in his ear, “With one wave of my hand everyone in this room will rejoice.”  Trump whispered back, “Prove it.”  So the Pope raised his hand and slapped him.
What’s the difference between trump and a chimpanzee? Ab so lutely nothing
Bush Jr., Obama, and Trump are standing before God... God begins by asking Bush: "George, in what do you believe?"  Bush: "I believe in free trade and the USA as a strong nation".  God, seemingly impressed: "You may sit to my right".  Then God looks at Obama and asks "Barack, in what do you believe?".  Obama: "I believe in democracy, helping the poor and in world peace."  God is impressed: "You may sit to my left".  Then he turns to Trump, and asks: "Donald, in what do you believe?".  Trump: "I believe that you are sitting in my chair."
What Scientology and Trump have in common? Both of them were very successfull launching a cult by talking crazy shit about aliens
Trump has banned Chinese food He wants to Make America Lose Weight Again.
Why is Trump losing support in Georgia? Hates peach.
Colt joined with ArmaLite to create a new firearm called The Congressional. But it never works properly and you can't fire it.
What's the difference between a Russian bot and a sincere Trump supporter? One of them actually exists and the other *ees teepeecal Amyerikyan pyatriot*.
Donald trump wanted to know the votes so badly. I guess you can say he was Russian thing. 
Robbing the congressman Late one night a robber wearing a mask stopped a well-dressed man and stuck a gun in his ribs.   "Give me your money," he demanded.   Scandalized, the man replied, "You can’t do this – I’m a US Congressman!"  "Oh! In that case," smiled the robber, "Give me MY money!"
I will be in a bathroom stall later today to watch Trump's inauguration... ...it will forever be remembered as the day shit went down.
Donald Trump had a record amount of religious leaders participate in his inaugural ceremony including: a priest, a deacon, and.... one hundred million people saying "god help us" 
get the butter out hillary is toast!
Some of you may be dismayed by Ted Cruz's recent annoucements But please remember that "pulling out" is the only acceptable way for a Christian to terminate a presidency
Donald Trump wants to become President This is not the first time he has tried to kick a black family out of their home.   Credit : Snoop Dogg 
Obama... All he wanted was a pepsi's worth of progress, and they just wouldn't give it to him. All he wanted was some progress, just a little progress, and they wouldn't give it to him.
Liberal Democrat A first grade teacher explained to her class that she is a liberal Democrat. She asks her students to raise their hands if they are liberal Democrats too. Not really knowing what a liberal Democrat was but wanting to be like their teacher, their hands explode into the air like fleshy fireworks. There is, however, one exception. A girl named Lucy has not gone along with the crowd.  The teacher asks her why she has decided to be different.  “Because I’m not a liberal Democrat.”  “Then,” asks the teacher, “what are you?”  “Why, I’m a proud conservative Republican,” boasts the little girl.  The teacher is a little perturbed now, her face slightly red. She asks Lucy why she is a conservative Republican.  “Well, I was brought up to trust in myself instead of relying on an intrusive government to care for me and do all of my thinking. My Dad and Mom are conservative Republicans, and I am a conservative Republican, too.”  The teacher is now angry. “That’s no reason,” she says loudly. “What if your Mom was a moron, and your dad was a moron. What would you be then?”  A pause, and a shy smile. “Then,” said Lucy, “I’d be a liberal democrat.” 
Who is Donald Trumps ancestor? Brandon the builders, cause he built a yuuuuge wall.
Bill Clinton, George W.Bush and George Washington are on a sinking ship. Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and George Washington are on a sinking ship.  As the boat sinks, George Washington shouts, "Save the women!"  George W. Bush hollers, "Screw the women!"  Bill Clinton asks excitedly, "Do we have time?"
President Donald Trump and his driver were cruising along a country road President Donald Trump and his driver were cruising along a country road one night when all of a sudden they hit a pig, killing it instantly.  Trump told his driver to go up to the farmhouse and explain to the owners what had happened. About one hour later Trump sees his driver staggering back to the car with a bottle of wine in one hand, a cigar in the other and his clothes all ripped and torn.  "What happened to you?" asked Trump  "Well, the Farmer gave me the wine, his wife gave me the cigar and his 19-year-old daughter made mad passionate love to me."  "My God, what did you tell them?" asks Trump.  The driver replies, "I'm president Donald Trump's driver, and I just killed the pig."
What did Barack Obama said to Michelle when he proposed? "I don't want to be Obama-self"
What's the difference between elephant poaching and Donald Trump? One's a careless hunt...
What does Donald Trump and Xi Jiping have in common? They both get teased for looking like Pooh
Donald Trump ^that was the joke 
Trump's Detroit speech and a TV with no antenna have something in common. The reception is terrible. :)
If Trump is the Alt Right Candidate then that must make Hillary.... the CTRL+ALT+DELETE candidate.    #MAGA
A sheep, Don Trump and a snake all fall off a ledge Baa Dumb Tiss! 
This is Trumpish Optimists are losers. Why would they look for the silver lining, when it could be gold? Sad.
What do I climb if I want to meet with Hillary Clinton? Not Bill's bed for sure.
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a convicted serial sex offender? Convicted
What did Obama say when Trump won? Oh bummer.
[Controversial] Why wasn't Jesus born into the Trump family? Because Jesus couldn't find any wise men then   Edit: Made more clear
During the election, Bernie teamed with Hillary to try and win over the millennials Funny, considering they're age combined is a millennial itself
Trump and a Mexican Fisherman. Trump  and a Mexican man are out fishing when suddenly Trump reels in a golden fish.  The fish looks at the men and says "Congratulations! You have caught me and know I shall grant you both three wishes."  The fish turns to Trump and says "Since you are the one who reeled me in, you get to go first."  "Alright," says Trump, "I wish that all of the Mexicans in America were gone." "It is done."  "Now, I want a massive concrete wall surrounding all of America so that they cannot get back in." "It is done."  "Finally, I wish that all Americans from around the world returned to their glorious homeland ."  "It is done." And with that, Trump disappeared. The fish turns to the Mexican and says "Now for your wishes."  The Mexican asks "Are all of the Americans in America?" "Yes."  "Only Americans?" "Yes."  "And there is a large wall surrounding all of America ?" "Yes."  "Then I wish for you to fill it with water."
Donald Trump has decided to ban shredded cheese. He wants to make America grate again.
What do Donald Trump and the iPhone 7 have in common?   They both think de-porting is the answer after there's no more Job's
How many Donald Trumps does it take to screw in a light bulb? One, but he'll get the Mexicans to do it.
What do Donald Trump and JFK have in common?  Nothing... Yet. �� 
Trump finally solved the problem of racism. Black is now white.
How can Trump be fascist?  He can't even see faces!   He only sees colors! 
I tried photoshopping Trump to have green hair It ended up looking like a carrot with a suit.
What's the only thing bigger than Donald Trump's hands? His ego. 
Trump and Kim agree to meet in May, you know what that means. The two stupidest haircuts in the world will finally meet.
Bill Clinton is so exited about the possibility of being in the White house again, He too has started wearing a hat on the campaign trail. It says : Make America fellate again.
What is Donald Trump telling Barack Obama supporters? Orange is the new black.
When Trump was a kid wanted to be an astronaut when he grew up... ...but all he was able to accomplish was the first syllable. 
What's the difference between Trump and my mom. Putin doesn't have pictures of my mom fucking a 12 year old Russian boy. 
What did Donald Trump say to the Russian prostitute? Urinate!
I'm really disappointed after hearing about Trump and the golden shower thing. I thought we had seen the end of  republican trickle down economics. 
What did Donald Trump say to the guy who immolated himself in front of Trump tower? "You're fired!"
Democrats: "The rains are God crying about Trump's inauguration".... Republicans: "The storms are why there was such low turnout."  Trump: "The showers remind me of when I was in Russia."
When Trump got elected... The Mexicans hispanicked and freaked out.
Donald Trump is like a Toyota Prius Hard to control and runs over immigrants
How are a hand-me-down wedding dress &amp; Donald Trump's cabinet picks alike? They're old, white and an older woman thought she was going to give them away to someone else.
How does a woman pick up Donald Trump? With a pooper-scooper.
How is Donald Trump like a pumpkin? They're both orange on the outside, hollow on the inside, and should have been thrown out in early November.
What is Donald Trump's favorite letter? I'll give you a hint. It's not Z.
TIL President Trump often looks to past presidents for inspiration Unfortunately, Washington was actually complaining about fake *canoes*
I listened to the wise words of Michelle Obama: When they go low, I get high. 
Here is a real good joke The DNC
Obama and Bush walk into a bar... ...Clinton ducked.
What do you call Trump's barber? Orange peeler 
What's Hillary Clinton's favorite drink? Wine
George Bush dies and goes to hell Satan is already waiting for him.  'Well, I don't know what to do. See, you're on my list, but I have no free rooms for you. But you, you definitely have to stay in hell, so I'll have to find a solution. There are a few people here who aren't as bad as you are... I guess I'll let one go and you'll take their place. However, you can choose whose place you want to take.  'Oh, that sounds okay I guess' says Bush.  Satan leads him to the first room and opens the door. In this room, there's a huge swimming pool. In it, Reagan is drowning. He goes down, then up, then down, then up, and he's gasping for air all the while.  'Oh, no,' says Bush. 'That's not for me, I'm a poor swimmer.'  Satan opens the second door. The room is full of rocks and they see Nixon trying to break up the rocks with a wooden hammer.  'Nah, I have problems with my shoulders and my back, that'd be such a painful thing to do day after day.'  So Satan opens the third door. In the room, they see Clinton lying on the floor, all tied up. Monica Lewinsky is lying on top of Clinton, giving him a blowjob. Bush stares at the scene with a wide smile and says:  'Ah, that I could endure!'  'Alright,' laughs Satan. 'Monica, you're free to go!'
It's hard to get anything done in horse congress They always vote neigh 
Donald Trump calls for nationwide ban on pre-shredded cheese. He wants to make America grate again.
One day, Donald Trump visited an elementary school, to tell the children about his success... One day, Donald Trump visited an elementary school, to tell the children about his success, and to show off his ‘intelligence’.  The schoolchildren were learning vocabulary, specifically the word ‘tragedy’, when the famous businessman stormed into the classroom.  Trump decided to help the children learn the word ‘tragedy’, and asked the following question to them:  “What would be a tragedy, kids?”  A bespectacled boy nervously answers:  “If my best friend died of pneumonia, that would be a tragedy.”  “No, that would be a great loss,” Trump corrects him.  Another shy young child answers:  “If my uncle got hit by a train, that would be a tragedy.”  “No, no, that would be an accident,” Trump replies.  A young girl raises her hand. The wealthy businessman asks her if she’d like to give an example of a tragedy. The girl nods, and says:  “If Mr. Trump was in his private jet, and a missile hit the jet, that would be a tragedy.”  “Yes, that would be a tragedy for sure. Can you tell me why?” The businessman asks.  “Well, it definitely wasn’t a great loss, and I’m not sure if it was an accident, either,” answers the young girl.
The real Donald Trump walks into a bar "Donald Trump walks into a bar, he sees Hill, and says: hey wanna come back to my place and get some pizza? - So they go to his place and Hillary was shocked when sure enough Donald Trump, goes to his freezer and pulls out this thing like bread covered in tomato sauce and cheese, she doesnt know what to make of it, so she calls podesta and asks him what it is - Podesta tells Hillary "Don't worry I keep my pizza in the freezer too, keeps it looking young and fresh, even when it's 8 years old"
What do Trump and an Aluminum can have in common? They easily get bent out of shape...
Donald Trump dies and is sent to hell. This isn't a joke.  It's a prediction. 
Listen guys, I don't get why everyone's picking on Barron Trump. He's a cool kid that's down for anything especially syndrome. 
Congress gets kidnapped A driver was stuck in a traffic jam on the highway outside Washington, DC.  Nothing was moving.  Suddenly, a man knocks on the window. The driver rolls down the window and asks, "What's going on?"  "Terrorists have kidnapped the entire US Congress, and they're asking for a $100 million dollar ransom. Otherwise, they are going to douse them all in gasoline and set them on fire.  We are going from car to car, collecting donations."  "How much is everyone giving, on an average?" the driver asks. The man replies, "Roughly a gallon."
What is Donald trump's favourite game? Fortnite.
Asked by a Chinese reporter if he thought his racist antics were dividing America, Donald Trump stated... “Those who don’t Reich it can leave”
How many illegals will it take to build Trump's wall? Too many to document.
An egoist, a feminist and a Socialist walk into a bar... An egotist, a feminist, and a Socialist walk into a bar.   The bartender overheard their conversation about politics and sarcastically said, "You guys would be great presidential candidates."  They took him seriously...  ...apparently America did too.
Did you hear they're making a movie about Hillary Clinton's rise to political power? It's gonna be called "The Devil Wears Pant Suits"
Donald Trump wants to ban pre-shredded cheese He wants to make America grate again!
Why did Cruz pick Carly Fiorina as his running mate? To lay off his campaign staff.
Bernie Sanders
How do you make Donald Trump laugh? tickle his armpits
Hillary has been outsourcing jobs since the nineties. It's true. Ask Monica.
There is going to be another Bush in the White House.. Hilary's
2 Friends talking about Obama "Obama is getting treated differently because of his skin color." "Damn right! Any white man would have been impeached by now!"
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? For his panic attacks
What's Donald Trump's favorite store? Wall-mart.
Someone draws a Swastika on Trump's Star on the Walk of Fame And you can't tell if it's from a Trump supporter or protester
Hillary Clinton is gonna be our first f president Oops, someone deleted the emale
So the votes are being counted at a democratic primary... and all of a sudden a polling employee exclaims to the polling station supervisor: "I just found a Bernie Sanders ballot!" "Hmm, put it aside for later" she answers.  A few minutes later, again: "Here's another Bernie ballot!" To which the supervisor answers: "That's what i thought. This dirty cheat voted twice, eliminate both ballots"
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Israel? Hillary won't suck Bill's dick.
Two bulls were standing in a long line discussing Donald Trump... One bull complained "This line is taking forever. I hate the status quo." The other agreed "Donald Trump will make lines great again. I trust him to shake things up."  Then they got to the entrance to the Trump Steaks slaughterhouse and were very efficiently killed, gutted and cut into generous servings.   The end.
Donald Trump answers the question: What is 2+2? "I have to say a lot of people have been asking this question. No, really. A lot of people come up to me and they ask me. They say, 'What's 2+2?' And I tell them look, we know what 2+2 is. We've had almost eight years of the worst kind of math you can imagine. Oh my god, I can't believe it. Addition and subtraction of the 1s the 2s and the 3s. Its terrible. Its just terrible. Look, if you want to know what 2+2 is, do you want to know what 2+2 is? I'll tell you.   First of all the number 2, by the way I love the number 2. It's probably my favorite number, no it is my favorite number. You know what, I mean, you know. So, we have all these numbers and we can add them and subtract them and add them. TIMES them even. Did you know that? We can times them OR divide them, they don't tell you that, and I'll tell you, no one is better at the order of operations than me. You wouldn't believe it. That I can tell you. So, we're gonna be the best on 2+2, believe me. OK? Alright. Thank you."
Q. How many Trumpies does it take to change a lightbulb? A. Five.  One to write the executive order,  one to get it signed,  one to announce it to the press,  one to provide the alternative facts,  and one to call Obama to ask him how.  (Edit: Friend told me this joke and I said I would post it for her)
Donald Trump calls the media 'fake news' even when they're directly quoting something he said/tweeted... ...but since most of the things he says are fake, by transitive property, the news is fake too
The red man lives in the red house, the orange man lives in the orange house, and the yellow man lives in the yellow house. Who lives in the white house? Also the orange man.
What do Republicans use for birth control? Their personality.
Trump has just started.. then suddenly, they're already Russian him out the door
Trump and Cameron What's the difference between Donald Trump and David Cameron? One fucks pigs, the other is one
Why do Republicans push abstinence? They don't want to be the only ones not getting action!
What would it be called if Donald Trump got impeached? Unpresidented.
if Trump's presidency has taught us anything its that being elected president is easy.. but being President, now that's hard.
What did Donald Trump say about the Mexicans? That we would deport every last Juan.
How do you know Republicans are bisexuals? Because they fuck everyone
Trump and Kim meeting for the first time "Hi, I'm Glorious Leader. I'm the best ever and I'm going to destroy the world with sociopathic aggression and dumb-fuckery."    "Hello, Mr. Trump. I'm Kim Jong Un."
As part of the alignment of strategy for cabinet departments, Trump announced to congress his plan for housing vouchers Redeemable for a cardboard box behind Safeway.
Do you know why Trump failed in the porn industry? He couldn't make America gape again.
So the presidential debate is tonight. Even vegans can't stay away from this pig roast. 
How many states does it take to elect Donal J. Trump? Only one!  Inebriated.
Did you hear the news about Hillary Clinton getting pneumonia? She was hacking it up more than Russia
Hilary clinton joke Friend:What are you going to the party as  Me:Hilary  Friend:why  Me:Aren't you supposed to be something scary  Friend: ;-;
Donald Trump is a wonderful gift from God. To comedians and psychiatrists. 
You can say what you like about Donald Trump... But most people just focus on what they don't like
What do Donald Trump and Donald Duck have in common? They’re both fucking Goofy.  From the book: Donald Trump is F**king Goofy
Michelle Obama has been a great first lady... .. but Bill Clinton would make an excellent one. 
I'm so tired of people saying Hillary sucks... She doesn't. Just ask Bill and Monica.
Trump and Hillary's planes crash into each other On election by divine providence and they appear at the pearly gates. St. Peter tells them that depending on how they answer his question they'll get a vehicle to drive around heaven.  St. Peter asks Donald, "have you ever lied in your lifetime? Trump replies, "No....never....not even once!" A buzzer goes off and St. Peter tells him, "I'm sorry Donald but all I can give you is a scooter." Trump replies, " That's OK, I'm just glad to get  into Heaven."  St. Peter asks the same of Hillary Clinton and she replies, "Let me tell you Peter, I've never uttered a falsehood in my entire life." Trump interrupts, "Don't forget her emails!" The buzzer goes of again and St. Peter tells her, "Hillary I'm sorry but all I can offer you is a skate board."  A few weeks later Donald and Hillary meet  each other on the street. Donald says, I'm sorry all you got was a skate board. Hillary replies, I suppose it could have been worse.  At that very moment Nixon pulls up in a Rolls Royce and welcomes them to the neighborhood.
A Trump supporter asked an opponent what the candidate should do for the American taxpayer. The opponent laughed and said, "How about becoming one himself?"
If hillary nukes Russia I can see the headlines now "Everyone in Moscow commits suicide"
Donald trump already has a private jet he plans on putting in production for his presidency. He's calling it the hair force one.
Why couldn't Donald Trump cross the road? Because a wall was blocking his way
What do you call Donald Trump's campaign strategies? Wall-itics
Why don't vampires want to vote for Donald Trump? Because he has a big STAKE in plans to discriminate minorities.
Why is whacking a Donald Trump piñata a really *bad* idea? Because it's full of shit
Democrat Jokes Q: How many Democrats does it take to screw in a light bulb?   A: Just one, but it really gets screwed.    Q: What happens when you cross a pig with a Democrat?   A: Nothing. There are some things a pig won't do.    Q: What's the difference between a Democrat and a trampoline?   A: You take off your shoes before you jump on a trampoline.    Q: What do you get when you offer a Liberal a penny for his thoughts?   A: Change.    Q: Why can't John Kerry tell a joke?   A: Because all the botox keeps him from smiling!    Q: What's the difference between a Democrat and a prostitute?   A: The prostitute gives value for the money she takes.    Q: What do Democrats and porn stars have in common?   A: They are experts in switching positions in front of a camera.    Q: What's the difference between a dead skunk in the road and a dead Democrat in the road?   A: Vultures will eat the skunk.    Q: How do you confuse a Liberal?   A: You don't. They're born that way.    Q: What's the difference between a Democrat and a catfish?   A: One is an ugly, scum sucking bottom-feeder and the other is a fish.    Q: What's worse than Bill Clinton calling you a womanizer?   A: Marc Foley calling you a pervert!    Q: What do you get when you cross a bad politician with a lawyer?   A: Chelsea.    Q: In what way are Democrats more generous than Republicans?   A: Unlike Republicans, Democrats are not only generous with their own money, but also with other people's money.    Q: What do you call Al Gore's drumming?   A: An algorithm.    Q: What do you get when you cross a pilgrim with a democrat?   A: A god-fearing tax collector who gives thanks for what other people have.    Q: What's the difference between Elvis and a smart Liberal?   A: Elvis has been sighted.    Q: Why should Democrats be buried 100 feet deep?   A: Because deep down, they're really good people.    Q: What do you call a basement full of Liberals?   A: A whine cellar.    Q: When do Democrats like the idea of a flat tax?   A: After it reaches 95%    Q: What did Al Gore play on his guitar?   A: An algorithm!    Q: What is a Democratic Free Market?  A: One that hands out slices of cheese    Q: What do you call a Democratic buffet?   A: A free for all.   Q: How do you know that Democrats are a diverse people?   A: Because they keep count of how many people they know in each racial or ethnic category.    Q: What happens when you cross a pig with a Democrat?   A: Nothing. There are some things a pig won't do.    Q: What is foreplay for a Liberal?   A: Thirty minutes of begging.    Q: What is the difference between a dogs ass and liberals?   A: Nancy Pelosi won't kiss a dogs ass!    Q: Why did God create Democrats?   A: In order to make used car salesmen look good.    Q: What is a recent Democrat graduate's usual question in his first job?   A: What would you like to have with your french fries, sir?    Q: How many Democrats does it take to change a light bulb?   A: It's irrelevant; they still don't know they're in the dark!    Q: What is the difference between a liberal ass-kisser and a brown-noser?   A: Depth perception.    Q: Why do Liberals work seven days a week?   A: So you don't have to retrain them on Monday.    Q: What the difference between a Liberal and the rear end of a horse?   A: I don't know either.    Q: How do Democrats talk about Republican foreign policy?   A: By saying the word "Conspiracy" over and over again    Q: What's the definition of a Liberal running for Congress for the first time?   A: A mouse trying to become a rat.    Q: There is a Red House on the right and blue house on the left where is the White House?   A: in Washington DC    Q: How do you know you're a Democrat?   A1: You think poverty can be abolished.   A2: You admire the Swedish welfare system   A3: You'd rather own Birkenstock than Merck Stock   A4: After looking at your pay stub you can still say, "America is undertaxed."   A5: You still own something that says "Dukakis for President,"    If pro is the opposite of con then is progress the opposite of congress?   Member of Clinton's Cabinet: "Hurry up Mr. Clinton, we are about to have a huge meeting on foreign policy with hundreds of world leaders!"   Clinton: "Hold on a second, let me finish having sex with someone whose not my wife"    **Funeral**   A Liberal died and a friend went around collecting for a fund for his funeral. A woman was asked to donate ten dollars.   "Ten dollars?" she said. "It only takes ten dollars to bury a Liberal?   Here's a hundred - go bury 10 of them!"    **Genie**   A Liberal found a magic genie's lamp and rubbed it. The genie said, "I will grant you one wish." He said, "I wish I were smarter".   So the genie made him a Republican.    **Light Bulb**   If you give three liberals a light bulb what would happen?   The first one would say its causing global warming,   The second one would say its racist,   The third one would say its not a light bulb unless Obama says let there be light.
Obama calls to congratulate Trump for winning the election Trump says "Thanks, By the way Mr. President. You're fired"
You can put Hillary Clinton supporters into two baskets. The basket of adorables, and the basket of deportables.
I call my junk "Donald Trump" Because he's a dick.
What's a Democrat's least favorite food? Humble pie.
Was President Obama as good in the Oval Office as was President Clinton? I would say close, but no cigar. 
So I heard Donald Trump won the election... **CENSORED**
Just heard Trump will start abbreviating the name of the secret service when he's in office. Sounds about reich. 
For Trump's Inaugural Address he should petition Soul Coughing for a remix... '*Move aside, and let the mango through, let the mango through...*'
Trump won the elections Now mexican are starting to learn how to climb walls
I saw a really lifelike portrait of Donald Trump the other day... ... it was really freaky how the hands followed you around the room.
Donald Trump is gonna be the next US President pretty HILLARYous, isn't it 
Now I'm just going to wait till the end of 2016 and hope Obama says: "Chill out guys, all of this was just a prank. I'm going for the 3rd term".
What do you call a bus full of trump supporters driving off a cliff? A good start!
Why was Obama nervous when eating a T-bone aboard Air Force One? Because the steaks had never been higher. 
I heard Monica lewinsky voted for Trump Just to fuck a Clinton one more time
Can't wait to read Trump's political memoir Dreams of my Daughter
If Hillary had won... I was really looking forward to a comeback from everyone's favorite white house intern under the Clinton administration. 
I just got off the phone with Donald Trump I said "I'm sorry, I won't be able to attend urine-auguration"
How does Donald Trump get the dishwasher going? He pushes Melania out of bed.
Why could Donald Trump never be a Lannister? Because he never pays his debts. 
What's the difference between a partially ripened Clementine and Donald Trump? One is a yeller orange, the other an orange yeller.
Donald Trump, Ben Carson and Marco Rubio are sipping cold beer while sun bathing on a beach in Florida.  A genie lamp washes up on shore. Trump picks it up and alerts the others. Rubio says “try rubbing it Donald.” So Trump rubs the lamp and sure enough a genie pops out and begins to profusely thank him for releasing him. “I’m not an ordinary genie,” he explains, “I’m an all-powerful one, able to grant ANY three wishes.” Dr. Carson, being Dr. Carson, says “Well I think the fair thing to do is to share. It was simple fate that you happened to notice it first.” So Trump asks the genie, “can I give away wishes?” “Of course,” the genie replies. Trump: “Ben that was a fantastic idea. Why don’t you take my first wish.” Carson: “Well, all my life I’ve been hearing that my people deeply resent having been brought over to America as slaves. So my wish is that all the blacks in America be returned to Africa so we may enjoy happiness forever!” Genie: “As you wish.” He waved his arm and “POOF!” Dr. Carson vanished as did all the blacks in America. Rubio: “Wow! Did you really do that?” Genie: “Of course. As I said, I am all powerful.” Rubio: “Donald, if you wouldn’t mind, I’d like to make your next wish.” Trump: “Be my guest, Marco” Rubio: “My ancestors came from Cuba. We are kindred with the Mexicans and all other people of hispanic descent. My wish is that all Hispanics be resettled in Mexico where we might enjoy happiness forever!”  Genie: “As you wish.” He waved his arm and “POOF!” Marco Rubio vanished as did all the Hispanics in America. Genie: “Well Mr. Trump. The final wish is yours.” Trump thought about it for a moment then said, “Well to be honest, my first two wishes have already come true." "I wish I had another Bud Light.”
Why were there no Trump protestors aboard the Apollo 11? Because the Apollo 11 was meant to explore and discover, not to be unemployed and smell bad
Trump's wives were immigrants. Proving again that immigrants will do jobs Americans won't.
Do you know how Bill and Hillary met? They were dating the same woman.   WRITER'S NOTE: This might be a repost, but I've never seen it on /r/Jokes. Heard this from a friend, who doesn't have Reddit, so he didn't get it from there.
Trump likes his toilets like he likes his showers Golden
I was looking forward to Trump-Kanye 2020 but Trump-R. Kelly 2020   justs fits together better
Not everything Donald Trump says is stupid. He also says "Tremendous", "Sad", and "Pathetic".
Did you know that Trump's secretly a muslim? Why else would he want to destroy America?
I just came up with Trump's inauguration drink I call it, "Make America Smashed Again" It's a White Russian with pumpkin spice.
Donald Trump impression I showed my gf my Donald Trump impression and she hated it.  She got the last laugh though, turns out its the wrong time of the month to grab her by the pussy.
In all fairness, Trump can't release his tax returns At least not until Putin sends him his W2s.
Personally I think Trumps a Genius, How do you beat China? Hit them hard by one upping them with a Wall
What was Trump's reaction to the petition for him to release his tax returns Not my precedent
Trump walks into the Oval office, turns to his administrative team and says, “I want to organise the deportation of 10,000 Muslims and one kitten. Everyone looks around the table and, after a long silence, Mike Pence says. “Mr. President, why do you want to deport a kitten?” Trump smiles and turns to the rest of the table. “You see, no one cares about the Muslims.”
Trump's boss was running away after reporters were asking him tough questions... They were chasing, and he was Russian
Donald Trump lands in England for the first time to meet England’s prime minister He walks up to Theresa May and shakes her hand.  They chatted for a while, and it got late so Donald Trump went to his hotel room.  Mike Pence says, “Man, she was really nice!”  Donald replied with, “Yeah, the queen is looking great!”
I have solid proof Trump did 9/11 Donald has 6 letters.  Trump has 5 letters.  6x5 = 30  Donald Trump is 2 words.  30x30 = 900  Donald Trump is 11 letters in total.  900 + 11 = 911  #BOOM
Local Republicans complained about a public display supporting the migrant caravan The Church apologized for the offense but refused to take down their Nativity set.
Barack, Hillary and Donald are standing in front of the throne of heaven... Almighty God looks at them and says, “Before granting you a place at my side, I want to ask you what you have learned and what you believe in.”  &amp;#x200B;  God asks Barack first: “Son, What do you believe in?”  &amp;#x200B;  Obama thinks long and hard, looks God straight in the eye, and says, “I believe in hard work, and in staying true to family and friends. I believe in giving. I was lucky, but I always tried to do right by my citizens.”  &amp;#x200B;  God can’t help but see the essential goodness of Obama, and offers him a seat to his left.  &amp;#x200B;  Then God turns to Hillary and asks, “And what do you believe in?”  &amp;#x200B;  Hillary calculates for a while and then says, “I believe passion, discipline, courage and honor are the fundamentals of life. Like Barack I believe in hard work. I, too, have been lucky, but win or lose, I’ve always tried to be a true patriot and a loyal American.”  &amp;#x200B;  God is greatly moved by Hillary’s eloquence, and he offers her a seat to his right.  &amp;#x200B;  Finally, God turns to Trump and asks, “And you, Donald, what do you believe in?”  &amp;#x200B;  Donald replies, “I believe that, you are in my seat.”  &amp;#x200B;
[Long] Donald Trump , Vladimir Putin and Angela Merkel are sitting in a Punkte plane... Merkel starts saying: I have that much money that I could make everybody in Germany happy. Now Putin goes on and says: I am that rich, I could make all people of Russia happy. Now Trump is the last one and says: I could make the god damn europe happy...  A few moments later they are hearing the pilot saying: There are these very nice mountains to the left. If I would fly straight into it, the whole world would be happy.  (Sry for my english, Im not native speaker) 
What could US Senate learn from Trump's wives? A two-thirds' majority decided to ditch him.
What do Donald Trump's toupee and a thong have in common They both barely cover an asshole.
I don't like to blow my own trumpet. Which is probably why I got removed from the school orchestra. 
The problem with Bill Clinton Is that he never learned harass was one word.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and 5 year old? Honestly, somebody tell me because I have no fucking clue.
Obama's going to open a home food preservation supply store next It's called "Yes We Can"
It's not fair to compare Trump to Hitler. Hitler appreciated the arts.
What do you call Trump cheerleaders? Trumpets, because they become real blowhards every time they make a noise.
Donald Trump thinks the election is rigged... Because he used to be a wrestler.
Donald Trump visits an elementary school "You know I am one of the most intelligent people in the world, good genes very very smart brain. Let's see how smart you are kids: A limusine goes from the white house to TRUMP TOWER at 20 streets per minute. What's my age?"  The whole class stayed in silence. Nobody saw any logic in the question. A single boy raised his arm and answered.  "70 years old."  "Good boy, very smart. You are the second smartest person in this room. Now, explain to the rest of the class how you solved the problem."  "Mr. President, my uncle is 35 years old and he's only half retard."
How many Hilary Clinton supporters does it take to change a lightbulb? None- they prefer to be kept in the dark
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a plane crash. Who survives? America.
Today is the last Cinco De Mayo If Trump wins the election 
You're in the middle of the ocean and you see Trump and Hillary drowning but you only have room in your boat to save one. Who do you save? America. Keep right on going and don't stop.
Bernie Sanders has no chance as long as Theres a Trump virus going around on this website?
What's the difference between r/politics and r/sandersforpresident? The url.
Hillary Joke Hillary's campaign manager asks Hillary:  - What do you like more, New Year's or sex? - New Year's - Why? - It happens more often
Donald Trump Donald Trump
I can foresee Sanders becoming the next President of the US Trust me, I have 2020 vision
It's no wonder Trump supporters can't figure out how they got through 650k emails in 8 days Everyone knows only liberals are familiar with hash. 
Some people are complaining about the Trump Presidency... But it's oKKK with me!
Trump and his advisors are sitting in the White House... It's been a slow day so Trump decides to that the staff should make a joke. They think do a while about the topic before the White House Chief of Staff says "How about a semi-racist joke?"  Trump replies "N****, please" CIA Director "Feminist joke?"  Trump "Already had enough pussy for one day" Secret Service Director "Really? Well how about a sex joke, people love sex jokes"  Trump "Go fuck yourself" Presidential Assistant "Blonde Joke?l Trump "Blondes are completely stupid and should not be allowed in the White House unless they are hot"  Everyone glares at Trump before Pence says "Bill Clinton joke?" Trump "That would blow me away" 
What's Donald Trump's favorite album? The Wall.
Say what you will about Trump, he is not stupid. He is a smart man with a deep understanding of what stupid people want. Andy Borowitz
What do you call a racist in the white house? Top Trump
Donald Trump is threatening to destroy my family business. I don't know how to tell my kids. How is a wetlands tour guide supposed to put food on his table now?
How did Portland, Oregon protest Trump's wall? They blocked streets with a human wall
How many bitter Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to change a light bulb? None, we've decided to let a man do the job.
Donald Trump just changed his name to "Donad" Seems to me like Hillary took the L
What does Donald Trump say when he can't find his Viagra? "The erection is rigged!"
I wish I could mail Hillary a hug. I would email it to her but I don't want the FBI stealing it. 
How is an NBA photographer like a Trump supporter? They both want to shoot black people.
Robert Frost would have approved of Donald Trump's wall Because "Good fences make good neighbours"
What's the difference between Kim Jong Un and Hillary Clinton? One is called The Great Leader and the other is called Great Deleter.
Did you hear Monica Lewinsky became a republican? The democrats just left a bad taste in her mouth
As I walk throught the valley of the shadow of Trump I take a look at my privileges, and realize there's so much left. But that's just perfect for a white male like me, you know I shun those things like ethnicities.
Who says Trump isn't for minorities? He's the first oompa loompa president in American history! 
They had to close a bridge near my house because of Hillary supporters who went there to jump off. Some of them had changed their minds and were trying to get back down. 
Trump Makes sense See, when he wants to build a wall but wants the Mexicans to pay for it, he realizes that Mayans get the walls 50% cheaper team bonus. That's just good business sense
What do Democrats do when they lose a game of CSGO? They blame the Russians.
What is Donald Trump's least favorite band Foreigner 
How do you get Trump to pull out during sex? Tell him you're from Syria.
Trump's wall is a metaphor for his penis Nobody wants to see it and he can't get it up
A nazi, a KKK member, and a Trump supporter walk into a bar... *walks
Donald Trump tells a joke to Hillary Clinton It was hillaryous
Hillary Clinton could've been the first f president. Sorry, I meant to write female but the emale got deleted.
Chelsea Clinton was getting ready for her first day of collage. When her mother sat her down for a ‘mother-daughter talk’  Hilary said to her daughter, “you know Chelsea there are a lot of boys where your going.  Boys that will say anything to have a girl do things to them.”  Chelsea was mortified “mum please, I don’t want to have this conversation!”  “Well we have to,” said her mum.  “So before we talk further, I want to know - have you had sex with a boy yet?”  After thinking about it for a long time Chelsea said, “well, not according to dad!”
Donald Trump must be happy today... ...now that Chyna is finally dead.
The only similarity between Bernie Sanders's speeches and Hillary's speeches is ......both inspire you to vote against Hillary.
What's the difference between Obama and Hitler? One attacked Russia and ended up looking like a fool. The other was a German dictator.
Did you hear about Trump's import tax assessment? It's tariff-eyeing 
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite type of shoes? Scandals
If Donald Trump pulls the Weiner gag on Twitter and accidentally makes one of his private messages to Putin public... Would that make him just like Weiner's weiner?
Bill Clinton is at a press conference He looks over at Hillary and Monica and says, "that's my girl". I say which one?
What do you call Donald Trump as a Liberal? Still a retard 
What would be the first thing D. J. Trump would write in the Death Note (if it would exist)?? "YUUUUUGEE"
How will Trump screw in a light bulb? How will Trump screw in a lightbulb?  Step 1:Tell the people he will screw in the lightbulb.  Step 2:Retract step 1 and retract it again.  Step 3:As he doesn't want to waste taxpayers money in screwing the lightbulb, he sets up an R&amp;D for the best way to screw it.  Step 4:Claim to be checking lightbulbs and start a lightbulb business involving production and screwing lightbulbs thus making profits in millions.  Step 5:Set up some casinos for the workers thhus people come to casiones and some hotels for the people.(Repeat step 5).  Step 6:He has now "Found out" the best way to screw in the lightbulb.  Step 7: Actually screw in the lightbulb.  Tl;Dr - Trump screws in a lightbulb.  *Disclaimer-Any reference to an actual or imaginary person is purely intended. That person's name may or may not have Donald in the beginning.*
Why is Donald Trump's pet bee so unwilling to share information? It's a cagey bee.
Donald Trump is banning pre-shredded cheese And making America grate again
What do JFK, John Lennon and Donald Trump have in common? Nothing. But a man can dream.
Where do Hillary Clinton supporters go to cash their checks? A cryobank.
Breaking news the FBI has found anti matter! They hooked Hillary Clinton up to a polygraph machine...
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a bar. Donald leans over, and With A smile on his face, says, "The media are really tearing you apart for That Scandal." Hillary: "You mean my lying about Benghazi?"  Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "You mean the massive voter fraud?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the military not getting their votes counted?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using my secret private server with classified material to Hide my Activities?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything Else?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, Hiring Cronies, And taking bribes from foreign countries?  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the drones being operated in our own country without The Benefit of the law?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it Declared Bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The IRS targeting conservatives?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Turning Libya into chaos?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Turning our backs on Israel?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The joke Iran Nuke deal? "  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Leaving Iraq in chaos? "  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The DOJ spying on the press?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 Months Later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring citizens' ?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "I give up! ... Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware and China when Bill left Office?"  Trump: "THAT'S IT! I almost forgot about that one".
Hillary Clinton (that's the joke)
All this talk about Trump playing 4th Dimensional Chess... Seems more like Battleship to me.
Trump: have you ever fired anyone? Obama: No. I let the navy SEALs do that for me...
Activision goes to Trump and asks: "Mr President, our artists accidentally created a poster for WW3, and we didn't sell enough copies to pay for another poster for a WW2 game, would you please help us?"  Trump proceeds to bomb Syria, and fight with North Korea.
Why did Donald Trump ban raisins? To Make America Grape Again!
What's the similarity between eating at Taco Bell and voting for Republicans? At first, both seem to be a good idea, but the next day, you wake up with everything inside you boiling and later, your anus hurts.
Trump won't drop out I've never seen Republicans want to abort something so badly before this guy.
Hillary Clinton was flying over Kansas... Hillary Clinton was flying over Kansas on her broom one day when a cyclone caught a house and landed on her.  &gt; For the house fell on her head and the coroner pronounced her dead  &gt; And thru the town the joyous news was spread  &gt; Ding-dong, the witch is dead! Which old witch? The wicked witch  &gt; Ding-dong, the wicked witch is dead  &gt; Wake up, you sleepy head, rub your eyes, get out of bed  &gt; Wake up, the wicked witch is dead!  &gt; She's gone where the goblins go below, below, below, yo ho  &gt; Let's open up and sing, and ring the bells out  &gt; Ding-dong! the merry-o sing it high, sing it low  &gt; Let them know the wicked witch is dead  &gt; Ding-dong, the witch is dead! Which old witch? The wicked witch  &gt; Ding-dong, the wicked witch is dead  &gt; Wake up, you sleepy head, rub your eyes, get out of bed  &gt; Wake up, the wicked witch is dead!  &gt; She's gone where the goblins go below, below, below, yo ho  &gt; Let's open up and sing, and ring the bells out  &gt; Ding-dong! the merry-o sing it high, sing it low  &gt; Let them know the wicked witch is dead 
A man gets onto a bus. He is carrying two large barrels under his arms. The bus driver says: "you can't take those barrels onto the bus. What's in there anyway?"  The passenger replies: "Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump."  The driver asks: "no, really, what's in there?"   The passenger repeats: "Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump."  "Why don't you open them and let me see?"  The passenger does as instructed, and the driver exclaims: "eww, but they are full of shit!"  The passenger calmly says: "your words, not mine". 
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Moby Dick? Moby is just named Dick but Trump is an actual dick. 
I tried to read some books Trump wrote about business but they all ended in Chapter 11.
Hillary Clinton should partner with Microsoft.. Then I wouldn't need to worry about getting any spam email
I've been called the Trump of the bedroom... Because sex with me builds up emotional walls that they end up paying for.
Bernie Sanders and Pope are walking down a street in the Vatican.... when the Pope spots a 12 year old boy bending over to tie his shoe. Looking at the boy's ass, the Pope says, "Jesus Christ, I want to fuck that!" Sanders replies, "out of what?"
Bernie Sanders had a rally in Los Angeles last night attended by over 27,000 supporters. The rally set the world record for most Priuses in one parking lot.
I saw a post about Trump supporters... And I wondered why someone would need a supporter when they have such tiny fingers.
Why are all bush campers republican? They go from Bush to Bush.
James Bond is on a mission to the white house 007: Q!  Q: Yes sir  007: Do you have the package?  Q: Yes sir! It's armed and ready  007: Good. Now do you have a marker on you  Q: Uhh sure here  007: thanks  *writes on package: From Russia with Love*  007: He'll never suspect a thing 
Why did Donald Trump watch the Olympics ? To see how tall the Mexicans can pole vault.
Why can’t you compare millionaires Tim Cook and donald trump? Apples and oranges. 
Sorry to say this, but Trump has inspired me more then Obama did. Trump has shown me that you don't need to be competent, smart, have a clue what your doing, tolerant, truthful or even good looking to be successful, if Trump can be president, ANYONE can be president
The election between Trump and Clinton was just like sex. You could've either take the ass hole or the cunt.
What's Donald Trump's favorite kind of bubble gum? Bigly chew. 
Hillary Clinton goes to a gifted-student primary school in New York to talk about the world. After her talk she offers to answer questions from the kids. One little boy puts up his hand. Hillary asks him what his name is. "Kenny," he says. "And what is your question, Kenny?" she asks. "I have three questions," he says. "First -- what happened in Benghazi? "Second -- why would you run for president if you are not capable of handling two e-mail accounts? "Third -- what happened to that six billion dollars that went missing while you were Secretary of State?” Just then the bell rings for recess. Hillary tells the students that they will continue after recess. When they resume Hillary says, "Okay, where were we? Oh, that's right, question time. Who has a question?” A different boy -- little Johnny -- puts his hand up. Hillary points to him and asks him what his name is. "Johnny," he says. "What is your question, Johnny?" she asks. "I have five questions," he says. "First -- what happened in Benghazi? "Second -- why would you run for president if you are not capable of handling two e-mail accounts? "Third -- whatever happened to that six billion dollars that went missing while you were Secretary of State? "Fourth -- why did the recess bell go off 21 minutes early? "And, fifth -- where's Kenny?”
I wonder what will happen when the first foreign leader asks Donald Trump to allow him to sleep with Melania... Will he agree for politics or will he start a nuclear war?  I've got to say, one seems not as bad in comparison.
Why does Donald Trump put his name on his buildings? So the banks know which ones to seize
I dont understand why are all the people laughing at Trump I mean , she is more hillarious isnt she?
What is Donald Trump's favourite movie? Wall-E
Just leaked, Hillary's first day of office executive order... Starting immediately, any male leaving the toilet seat in the up position will be subject to criminal prosecution.
What do you call all of Trump's failed businesses arranged in a circle? Orange
I don't like talking with the trump protesters but when I do talk to them... I usually order a large fry and a large Coke 
"If Trump wins I'm moving to Canada" So people fleeing their country from political crisis isn't OK unless it's the USA...
If Trump and Pence get assassinated The assassin better scream "Made America Great Again"
George Bush was trying out BDSM with his wife. George: Punish me baby, I've been a bad boy.   Laura: Hmmm...what did you do honey?   George: 9/11
What do you call the second-most hated politician in America? Madam President.
How many Bernie Sanders supporters does it take to change a lightbulb? Trick question: thousands will post support about changing it on Facebook and Twitter, hundreds will send donations towards buying said lightbulb, a few may even go door-to-door campaigning for its change, but no one showed up to actually change it.
Why is Hillary Clinton running for President? Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement. 
How do Republican politicians please their wives? By getting a big donor.
Monica Lewinski released a statement that said she would be voting for Donald Trump the last Clinton presidency left a bad taste in her mouth
Trump is nothing like Hitler There’s no way he could write a book.
While walking my Grandma’s dog, who is particularly talented at pooping despite his tiny size, I saw a “Trump 2020” sign Unfortunately, I didn’t have a big enough poop bag for that shit.
I may have been groped by Trump... But I was definitely screwed by Obama. 
How does Donald Trump know Oprah isn't fit to be President? Because Sean spies on'er
What do Donald Trump and Mr Ed have in common? They’re both stable geniuses 
If Trump needed an alternate place to land Air Force One He could always put it on Stephen Miller’s fivehead
A lot of people make fun of Donald Trump for looking like a tangerine. That's not very orange-inal
How will Trump's presidency end? Someone will tell him Obama can hold his breath for 10 mins.  EDIT: RIP inbox.
Donald Trump Announces tomorrow his campaign has been the best April Fools Day Joke Ever.
To be fair Hillary once took someone's speech. Afterward Vince Foster didn't walk much either.
There's a new game for Trump supporters. Pokémon Slow
What do Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz's teeth have in common? They're crooked.
How do you know all Bernie Sanders' supporters are Harry Potter fans? They all dress like Dobby.  
Why did Donald Trump buy a Wu Tang Clan shirt? Because Wu Tang sounds more cosmopolitan than Ku Klux.
Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and Ted Cruz are all on a plane that's going to crash. Who survives? America.
I'm here to tell you the truth about Trump voters! [deluded]
Hears a joke Having to hear about Hillary Clinton v. Donald Trump  
Why does Donald Trump think Jesus was a liar? "He was a Middle-Easterner, but he had a Mexican name."
Why does Hillary Clinton wear so much makeup? To cover up Bill's jizz
CNN has just reported that Monika Lewinski will be helping with the Donald Trump for president campaign. Apparently,  the last time she endorsed a Clinton, it left a bad taste in her mouth.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a plane crash. Who survives? Reposts.
What do you call a loud Trump supporter? A Trumpet.
What do you call an erratic trump supporter? A Trumpoline!
It will be a first no matter who wins the US presidential elections this year. If Hillary wins she'll be first woman. If Bernie wins he'll be first 'Jew'. If Trump wins... he'll be the first clown  
What do you call a Trump supporter on a Friday night? A bad person
A jew called Bernie ran the biggest ponzi schema ever , he took millions from gullible low information people promising them unrealistic returns . I was talking about Bernie Madoff not Bernie Sanders you a**holes  Donate 27 $ and we can still win the Presidency !!!
So A Donald Trump walks into a Bar He sees a Mexican in the corner. This causes him to get slightly triggered. The Mexican says, "Donald Trump ass d'coolst Kaz am cool Kaz vun der Welt an Ënnerstëtzung Luxgsm an bauen Mauer ech wëll, datt eiser ganzer ze denken ass eng gutt Partie esou goen sot den Entwéckler ënnerstëtzen si weess keng Suen weg  wann ech glift   wann ech glift."  Donald Trump replied,  "Ftoopt!"  and then he shot himself  the emd
Trump Joke (really more of a witticism or aphorism, I'm not sure, I'm not an English major) My problem with Trump, isn't that he sees complex social issues as black and white, it's that he sees them as blacks and whites.
Donald Trump Said he is going to build a wall to keep Mexicans out. But who is gonna build it?
Chelsea Clinton gave birth to a daughter named Charlotte this weekend. Hillary Clinton was really excited... until she remembered that you have to be 18 to vote.
How big will Trump's wall be? sqrt(-1) feet  It's not a real problem.
In 2026 Barack Obama is going through the TSA in an airport. In 2026 Barack Obama is going through the TSA in an airport. The TSA agent motions for him to step out of the line for a random check, much to the displeasure of the ex-president.   After much grumbling from Obama and even more patience from the agent, Obama asks:  "Do you really think a President would be a terrorist?"  "I'm not taking any chances after the guy before you. My uncle was NYPD you know."
Obama, Clinton and Trump walk into a bar... Obama says, "I love this suit I'm wearing today. $3,000 Armani. A man in the top job needs to know how to dress the part, and I think I've shown that in my presidency."  Then Clinton says, "I love my dress, $75,000 Vutton. A woman with the right character for president needs to dress to impress. I think I've shown that I've got style enought for the oval office."  Trump turns around and says, "whatever stupid, I was born with the best jeans."
Hilary Clinton has shown that any woman can become president As long as your husband did it first
Libertarian Presidential Candidate's new Campaign, inspired by Bernie Sanders. "Feel the Johnson"
It's not fair comparing Trump to Hitler... Hitler could fix an economy. 
What do you call a trumpet on a leash? A trumPET  *Edit Also why is this Marked Politics?
Why is Trump so keen to stay with the queen in the UK? He heard she has golden bathrooms and can't wait to try out the showers.  
Groundhog sees Trumps shadow. . . Four more years of Nuclear Winter
Trump is the type of guy who will look you square in the eye and shake your hand like a man. While taking a piss on your boots. 
The reason why Bill Gates is paying for Donald Trump's wall He knows no Juan in Mexico can foot the bill.
Steves Jobs would have been a better president than Donald Trump But its a silly comparision really, its like comparing apples to oranges.
Donald Trump, what is 2+2? "I have to say a lot of people have been asking this question. No, really. A lot of people come up to me and they ask me. They say, 'What's 2+2?' And I tell them look, we know what 2+2 is. We've had almost eight years of the worst kind of math you can imagine. Oh my god, I can't believe it. Addition and subtraction of the 1s the 2s and the 3s. Its terrible. Its just terrible. Look, if you want to know what 2+2 is, do you want to know what 2+2 is? I'll tell you.  First of all the number 2, by the way I love the number 2. It's probably my favorite number, no it is my favorite number. You know what, it's probably more like the number two but with a lot of zeros behind it. A lot. If I'm being honest, I mean, if I'm being honest. I like a lot of zeros. Except for Marco Rubio, now he's a zero that I don't like. Though, I probably shouldn't say that. He's a nice guy but he's like, '10101000101', on and on, like that. He's like a computer! You know what I mean? He's like a computer. I don't know. I mean, you know. So, we have all these numbers and we can add them and subtract them and add them. TIMES them even. Did you know that? We can times them OR divide them, they don't tell you that, and I'll tell you, no one is better at the order of operations than me. You wouldn't believe it. That I can tell you. So, we're gonna be the best on 2+2, believe me. OK? Alright. Thank you."  *technically not a joke but still funny* *not OC found it on a Facebook comment* 
What did Hillary Clinton say on her first day as President Nothing... Because it will never happen!  (This joke was done because it seems "ok" to joke about America's 45th President. So fair play I guess)
President Trump is in White House and still tweeting like before !! Looks like we will soon know whats in Area 51 !!!
CNN, BBC, NBC News, NPR, and the White House all report on the suicide bombing in Sehwan... The White House has reported that President Trump is furious that all of these fake news media outlets are misspelling Sweden.
You know what Trump had besides money? A barber with a sense of humor.
So Trump said we would get tired of winning so much... During the campaign trump said "Were gonna start winning again" and that were gonna start winning SO much that were gonna get tired of winning... turns out he meant once he won he would just keep campaigning and we would get tired of him winning.
What's Donald Trump's favorite nation? Discrimination 
What is Donald Trump's opinion on Euthenasia? "Those Chinese kids are really smart, and really fit.  Just look at them winning all these ping pong and badminton tournaments...but they should stay in Asia"
Why does Jeb Bush drink RedBull? Because he is low energy.
Donald Trump and his chauffeur are driving on a country road Donald Trump and his chauffeur are driving on a country road. Suddenly, a pig runs in front of the car.  The chauffeur has no time to react, and runs over it, giving it instant death.   The chauffeur stops the car, gets out and looks around. He spots a small farm-house in the distance. Donald says to his chauffeur, "You should at least tell them that you've killed the pig"   The chauffeur does as he's told.  A couple of hours later, the chauffeur stumbles out of the farmhouse, covered in lipstick kiss-marks and a bottle of champagne in each hand.  As he stumbles to the passenger side window, Donald exclaims, "Jesus, what did you tell them?"  "Exactly what you told me boss...Hi I'm Donald Trump's chauffeur and I've just killed the pig...." 
Why Hillary Clinton's Gmail account is never out of space? Her emails get deleted automatically!
Why did Donald Trump cross the road? To get to the NAMBLA convention. Or so I've heard. I don't know if its true. Many people are saying it. It's something I've heard, but I don't believe Donald Trump supports NAMBLA, or that he donated several million dollars to NAMBLA over the last several years.
A cannibal has eaten former president Clinton.  He’s expected to pass a Bill in the house chamber shortly.
What's the difference between a colostomy bag and Donald Trump? A colostomy bag gets emptied once in a while where Trump is always full of shit.
I am tired of hearing people say that Hillary sucks... It's Monica that does.
RE: Some people are asking about the Trump security briefing this week, What happens if Donald Trump Leaks? Depends, he's old enough the wear 'em.
What’s the difference between a locker room and Donald Trump?   The locker room will get sworn in.
What bill is the Congress's favorite? Of course the $ bill!
## Newsflash: D. Trump becomes new Secretary of State .......oh no, wait, it's B. Johnson and Great Britain!
How many Mexicans will make it across the border when Trump becomes president? Juan in a million.
What will they play at the presidential inauguration if Republicans win? Trump-ets  I'll see myself out
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on a frozen lake. They weren't talking so I decided to go over and break the ice.
Why does Donald Trump hate Casper the ghost? Because he can go through walls.
Hillary Clinton says she will pass laws against high-school age interns. She said she's going to put a lot of collating minors out of business. 
So I told my friend to meet me behind the 24/7... He, in a joking matter, said : ''You mean behind the 9/11?'',   I said: ''Nah, Bush is there'' 
I heard Hillary Clinton doesn't know how to use email She might be able to help me with this Prince from Nigeria... 
The Emu Reserve seemed like a good idea to Congress.   But the generals all counciled against over-reliance upon regiments of irregulars.
Want to hear a racist joke? Donald Trump.
Now that I think about it, Trump is a Canadian plot... first get him elected, get us all worried about Mexico, and boom! them maple syrup guzzling frogs will pour down from the North and then we'll all be sorry.
I know now why Trump wants to build a wall It's been years since he managed to erect anything
Why is Bernie Sanders' campaign like Jon Snow? (Game of Thrones spoilers) They're both "dead."
Donald Trump's releasing a hip-hop song this year Going Back To Calais
Donald trump was spotted picking up rocks on the White House lawn... He would walk a few feet, bend over and pick up a rock. His refusal to talk to anyone worried his aides, and they ran around trying to find out what was going on. The doctors couldn't make sense of it, the secret service didn't understand and even his most trusted advisors couldn't get through to him. Eventually, they talked to the Russian ambassador. He said, very sheepishly "I am afraid there has been a mix up. We sent him the instructions for the lunar rover."
Trump brought prostitute's to the white house... It's now the yellow house.
You know, it's really unfair that people are calling Trump an anti-Semite. Some of his best daughters are Jewish. 
Breaking News: Donald Trump has dyed his hair green. He was subsequently eaten by a large rabbit.
Why won't Trump ever have hemorrhoids? He's a perfect asshole
What is Bill Clinton's favorite state? The state of affairs.
How do Democrats apply their sunscreen? Liberally.
What's Donald Trump's favorite book? I just told this joke to my younger sibling, he's only 10, yet he hates trump.  Donald Trump's favorite book is "mein kampf".
What do Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have in common? They both fucked a McDougal
What do Democrats do when they lose a game of CSGO? They blame the Russians.
What do the Trump presidency and 'petsa' have in common? They're both a step in the wrong direction
What’s Trumps favorite movie? WALL•E
I heard that Donald Trump and Russia were conspiring to create artificial cow sounds. Sounds like fake moos to me. 
The White House decorated for Christmas today But three wise men were nowhere to be found.
What happens if you give Donald Trump viagra? He gets taller
There is one good thing to come out to Trump's visit to China He won't be able to access Twitter.
A Russian spy enters the White House in search of intelligence. He had to return home empty handed.
Steve Jobs would've been a better POTUS than Trump Well...  Maybe not?  It's hard to compare apples and oranges.
Donald Trump doesnt drink alcohol unless a russian hooker drank it first
While visiting England, Trump is invited to tea with the Queen. He asks her what her leadership philosophy is. She says that it is to surround herself with intelligent people. He asks how she knows if they're intelligent. "I do so by asking them the right questions," says the Queen. "Allow me to demonstrate."  She phones Teresa May and says, "Madam, Prime Minister. Please answer this question: Your mother has a child, and your father has a child, and this child is not your brother or sister. Who is it?"  Miss May responds, "It's me, ma'am."  "Correct. Thank you and good-bye, madam," says the Queen. She hangs up and says, "Did you get that, Mr. Trump?"  "Yes. Thanks a lot. I'll definitely be using that."  Upon returning to Washington, he decides he'd better put the US envoy to Venezuela to the test. He summons Elliott Abrams to the White House and says, "Mr. Abrams, I wonder if you can answer a question for me."  "Why, of course, sir. What's on your mind?"  "Uh, your mother has a child, and your father has a child, and this child is not your brother or your sister. Who is it?"  Abrams hems and haws and finally asks, "Can I think about it and get back to you?" Trump agrees, and Abrams leaves. He immediately calls a meeting of other envoys, and they puzzle over the question for several hours, but nobody can come up with an answer. Finally, in desperation, Abrams calls up Nikki Haley and asks her the question.  "Now look here, Nikki--your mother has a child, and your father has a child, and this child is not your brother, or your sister. Who is it?" "It's me, of course, you dumb ass," answers Haley.  Much relieved, Abrams rushes back to the White House and exclaims, "I know the answer, sir! I know who it is! It's Nikki Haley!" And Trump replies in disgust, "Wrong, you dumb ass, it's Teresa May!"
What do you call a voter that hates Hillary Clinton? A patriot.
Why would Hilary Clinton as president be good for the economy? We would only need to pay her 78 cents on the dollar.
I just heard Bill is interested in Hillary again... She's barely legal...
A young lady goes on a date with a trumpet player. When she comes home her roommate has a ton of questions. 'How does he kiss?'. Her friend states that he held his lips too tight.  The next week she goes out with a tuba player. Her roomie asks about the kissing. She says he was too sloppy.  Next she goes out with a French horn player. Again, her roommate asks about the kissing. 'It was OK, but I liked the way he held me.'
Obvious media bias Michelle Obama gives a speech when her husband is being nominated, and the media is generally positive. Melania Trump gives the exact same speech, and the media pretends it's some kind of scandal.
Did you hear the joke about Melania Trump? Yeah sorry. You've probably heard it before.
How could Trump prove he's serious about immigration? He could build The Wall in his bedroom.
If I had a penny for every Donald Trump joke ever made, I would have a small loan of a million dollars.
What makes Trump angriest about uneducated immigrants waiting at the US border? "There still their!"
Turns out I've been using a Trumpism every time someone near me sneezes. Pardon me.
One winter day, Donald Trump looks out his window... and notices a large yellow scribble imprinted on the snow that has covered the White House lawn. He was horrified to see that it was in fact a message that read, "Trump is an arse".  Trump immediately ordered his Secret Service agents to investigate this; within a few hours, they reported to him that the message had been written in urine. Furious, Trump demanded to know more information, especially whose urine it was. The lab tests return the next day.  "The DNA detected in the urine belongs to Mike Pence," the Secret Service agents inform Trump. "But there's worse news."  "What could possibly be worse?" Trump asks.  "The handwriting is Melania's."
Little Johnny is on an airplane with Bill Gates, Donald Trump, and the Pope... The airplane is shot out of Russian airspace and is about to crash. There are 4 passengers on board, but only 3 parachutes. One of them will be left behind on the plane when it crashes.  Bill Gates says, "I am Bill Gates, one of the founders of Microsoft. My devices are used by people across the globe, and I donate billions of dollars to charity. I can't afford to die." So, he takes the first pack and jumps out of the plane.  Donald Trump says, "I am the one, the only, the Donald Trump. I am the US President, and I am the smartest President in American history. It's true, believe me. My people don't want me to die, so I'm taking this parachute." Then he snatches the second pack and jumps out of the plane.  The Pope turns to Little Johnny and says, "My son, I am old and don't have many years left, you have more years ahead so I will sacrifice my life and let you have the last parachute."  Little Johnny turns down the offer and says, "That's okay, Your Holiness, there's enough parachutes for both of us. The President just jumped out with my backpack..."
Trump, Ivanka, Merkel and Macron are sharing a compartment on a train on their way to a summit somewhere in the alps Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness.    On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, Trump is rubbing his sore, red cheek.   Merkel thinks, “I bet that dirty orange man fondled his daughter and she struck the pervert.”   Ivanka thinks, “Ugh, I bet that my dad was looking to grope me in the dark again, mistook Merkel for me and she slapped him.”   Trump thinks, “I bet that filthy Frenchman touched up Ivanka in the dark and she slapped me thinking it was me again”   Macron thinks, “I can’t wait for another tunnel so I can slap that orange twat again.” 
What did Donald Trump say when he looked in the mirror? Pardon me.
What is the difference between Trump and the Hindenburg? One is a flaming nazi gasbag and the other is a zeppelin.
If you were in a room with Hillary and Trump A news reporter was looking for everyday people to voice their opinion on the election of 2016.   A man volunteers to be interviewed by the reporter.  Reporter: "Who do you support in this year's election?"   Man: "That's a rather difficult question to answer, they're both morons."   Reporter: "Let's put it this way, if you were in a room with Hillary and Trump, with a gun that only has one bullet who would you shoot?"   Man: "Myself."
A voter asked Hillary Clinton what was the greatest joke she ever heard Hillary responded: "The Dan Law Field"
What are Hillary Clinton, Elizabeth Warren, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Theresa May doing in a room together? ...playing bridge.
TrumPence Two men joined at the PP. 
A survey of 10,000 asked if they'd have an affair with former President Clinton... 80% responded "Never again".
Why does Donald Trump flip-flop so much? He ran out of Viagra.
My coworker keeps loudly complaining about the terrible GOP presidential ticket. He must think it makes him sound smart, but we all know it's just overt Trump/Pence hating.
Took a class at Trump University but ... ... the textbook had four Chapter 11s. 
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton, and your ex wife? At least your ex wife only wanted half your stuff. Hillary wants all of it.
Hillary Clinton very well just might be the first F president. I left out the emale because someone deleted them.
Trump is a genius Bringing back the cold war to combat climate change.  Truly a man of the ages.
Donald J. Trump There's no punchline.
Two of the Trump children were cheating on an exam.. The first question was "Old MacDonald had a ______."  Eric tried to see Tiffany's paper, couldn't, so whispered "Tiffany, what's the answer to number 1?"  She rolled her eyes and said "You are the stupid one of the family.  It's Old MacDonald had a farm, everyone knows that."  "Oh right!" said Eric.  He hesitates a minute then whispers "Hey Tiffany, how do you spell farm?"  She rolls her eyes again, "Wow, you really are dumb.  They tell you right in the song, it's EIEIO."  
What do the Hindenberg, the Titanic and Hillary Clinton have in common? Going down on any of them would be horrifying.
What kind of bank account did Bernie Madoff open? A cheating account.
Barak Obama was the first Black president.... Donald Trump will be the first Orange President.
What do you call Donald trump with no money? Not President
Breaking News: Trump has released new financial plan President elect Donald Trump has had the brilliant idea of having the US file for bankruptcy.
Donald Trump Explained to me his version of trickle down economics. First he gets all of the money and then he pee's on you.
I heard Donald Trump wants to deport criminals When is he leaving?
President Trump won't be given a pass like President Obama Just wait til he says the n word on a podcast. 
What are the guard dogs of trump called ? Trumpets
The Trump Administration releases the contractor hired to build the infamous wall Bill DeWall, Inc.
Donald Trumps is not a thief! He makes alternative purchases
[Politics] Trump: 'The less immigrants we bring in the better' Pence: 'The fewer'  Trump: 'I told you not to call me that yet'
Trump. Ba Dum Tssss.
What is the difference between Tiger Woods and Ted Cruz? Heidi cannot swing a golf club.
Why is Dubya voting Republican this year? So he'll only be the second worst president ever.
Donald trump wants to run for president, Why not? Wouldn't be the first time he's pushed a black family out of their home.      (Snoop Dogg - /u/Here_Comes_The_King )
Why does Trump only use a laptop computer? Because of the small keyboard.  
Hillary and Bernie are on a boat, it sinks... who survives? America
When asked if they would have sex with Bill Clinton, 86% of women in D.C. said, "Not again."
What does Hillary Clinton do after losing a game of CS:GO? Blames the Russians 
In 2017 will Trump impersonations be banned? Because I based my career path on this line of work. And thought it was going to be.. Huge.
Donald Trump wants to make Russia great again all along..... We should have known, he kept talking about seizing the means of reproduction after all
No wonder Trump was siding with the Russians "Grab the pussy" just meant seize the means of reproduction.
No need to worry about Trump's conflicts of interest He has so many that they cancel each other out.
If i had a penny for everytime Donald Trump said something stupid. I would have a small loan of a million dollars.
Man, I heard so many "ughs" from Donald Trump's inauguration speech... I thought I was listening to a Master P song. :)
Vote Trump; Pro Life Tip
Why does Donald Trump take anti-anxiety pills? To prevent Hispanic attacks
Did you hear about trumps wall? I can't tell you, you might not get over it!
If Trump says, "Fuck You" to you, don't be angry... because rather being angry, you need to be worried. He is a man of his words, so run and hide if you can. 
Trump is just like the rest of us Melania puts his pants on one leg at a time
Why was Donald Trump banned from entering Vietnam? They didn't want any more experiences with Agent Orange.
Why does Trump hate Tinder? because it's all fake nudes
An African-American man survived a lynching and was invited to the White House To announce the administration's new healthcare plan, called 'once you survive the lynching, untreated diabetes ain't that bad'.
There's no way Trump can be against Mexicans and still call himself a patriot After all, the National Anthem starts with "Jose can you see"
What's the difference between 16 russian hampsters and Donald Trump I don't know, please help
Why did the Republican Cross the Road? To get to the right side!
What's the one thing that Trump supporters and SJWs have in common? Their victim complexes.
Why did Trump refuse the debate with Bernie? Because chickens tend to run from people with a last name of Sanders.
Trump for President? The only people who aren't afraid of a Trump presidency are on Mexico's Pole Vault team. 
Bernie 2016
Paul Manafort, Rick Gates, and Donald Trump go out to a bar. Who picks up the tab? Vladimir Putin
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? For hispanic attacks.
Trumps wives were immigrants  Proving again that they'll do jobs Americans won't
What do Trump and a Tupperware have in common? A long time ago they used to be white, now they're orange.
Trump is talking about shutting the government back down on the 15th I am surprised he isn't doing it on the 14th, then he could fuck the whole US for Valentine's day
Why did Monica Lewinski suck off Japanese Bill Clinton? Because he had an election (read as erection).
You can't spell 'congressman' without 'con man'
Democrats are so opposed to Trump's wall.... But they still keep taking a fence to it.
Who is far smarter and more educated, trump or a meteorologist? Depends on if you ask trump or the rest of world.
How do you upset redditors while also stating a well known fact? Tell them Left isnt Right.
What's Trump's favorite City in America? Chica-go
Trump and Obama Get a Haircut Trump and Obama both decide to get a haircut, and by coincidence they happen to go to the same barber shop at the same time.  They end up seated across from each other, and it's a quiet, awkward affair.  They both finish around the same time, at which point Trump's barber asks Trump "would you like some cologne, sir?"  "Hell no!" Trump exclaims.  "Melania will think I was at a strip club!"  "And you?" Obama's barber asks him.  "Sure," Obama replies calmly.  "Michelle doesn't know what a strip club smells like."
Mr. Trump Q: How does Trump get a colonoscopy?  A: They put a GoPro on the end of Putin's dick.
I’m tired everyone saying that Trump is subvertly racist... ...when it’s clearly a black and white issue.
Why did it always take so long for President Obama to get into the presidential limo? The driver got scared and kept pressing the door lock button when he saw him approach.  I believe this is an original joke. I thought of it as entered the bad part of town this evening and locked the car doors. 
I just heard that Trump freed 2 immigrant kids out of 102.. At least he keeps it 100 with us
How to make a trump sandwich Russian Potato Bread Lots of Baloney Peanut Butter One Small Pickle
Why can’t Melania Trump feel her ass?   He’s away campaigning.
Democratic Difrence Between Usa &amp; India Democratic Difrence Between Usa &amp; India. In Usa U Can Kiss In A Public Place But Can’t Susu. In India U Can Susu In Public Place But Cant Kiss.
How does a Vietnamese person get Barack Obama to put out the trash? "Bo rac Obama!"
George Bush dies Albert Einstein dies and goes to heaven.   At the gates, St. Peter says to him, "Who are you?"  Einstein says, "I'm Albert Einstein." St. Peter says to him, "A lot of people pass through these gates, how can I be sure that you're the real Einstein?"  So St. Peter gives him a blackboard, and Einstein draws and proves the amazing theory of relativity.  St. Peter is amazed and says, "Go in! You're Einstein!"  Many decades later, Pablo Picasso dies and goes to heaven. At the gates, St. Peter says to him, "A lot of people pass through these gates, how can I be sure that you're the REAL Picasso?"  So St. Peter gives him a canvas, and Picasso paints a beautiful portrait of the gates to heaven. St. Peter is speechless and says, "Go in! You're Picasso!"  Many decades after, George W. Bush dies and goes to heaven. At the gates, St. Peter says, "How can I be sure you're the real Bush? Picasso and Einstein passed through here long before you did, and they proved they were the real them."  Bush replies, "Who the hell are those guys?"  "Go in, you're definitely Bush!"   
If Hillary and Trump were on a boat and it sank, who would survive? America
Why is Hillary Clinton running for President? Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement.
How did Trump win? "Hillary Clinton" and "Donald Trump" go into a bakery.  Hillary Clinton steals three pastries and puts them in her pocket. She says to Donald Trump "See how clever I am? The owner didn't see anything and I don't even need to lie.” I will definitely win the election.  Donald Trump: "That's the typical dishonesty you have displayed throughout your entire life, trickery and deceit. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result."  Donald Trump goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick." Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. Trump swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then Donald asks for a third pastry and eats that, too.  The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "What did you do with the pastries?" Donald Trump replies, "Look in Hillary's pocket".
Why does Michelle Obama wear heels? So her knuckles don't drag.
How does Donald Trump adopt pets? He just grabs the first pussy he sees.
If someone tries to assassinate Trump what will the secret service shout? "Donald, duck"
Trump walks up to the mexican border and takes out his guitar. Anyway here's wonderwall.
How did Trump beat Hillary? He grabbed her by the Electoral College.
Donald Trump's plan to build a wall might actually work The Chinese built a huge wall, and they have almost no Mexicans in their country.
I was going to give Trump a nasty look... Then i realised he already had one.
Donald Trump first presidential speech It's just a prank, bro.
If Donald Trump becomes president, he'll increase taxes, he'll increase borders... And the population of Canada.
Trump may not have grabbed her pussy But he sure spanked that ass.
You don't need to incriminate Donald Trump... Donald Trump incriminates Donald Trump.
A Democrat was making her bed... now she's gonna have to sleep in it
How is Trump going to deport the Mexicans? Juan by Juan.
What did Donald Trump say to Obama at the White House? You're fired!
What's the difference between college athletes and Hillary Clinton? College athletes don't get paid to play.
If Trump wins the election.... Well shit.
Girl are you Donald Trump? Cause I want you to fuck me harder than you will the United States
I like my women like Hillary Nasty and exposed !
What's Donald Trump's favorite musical instrument? A squeeze box...
What is Trumps favorite movie? Minority Report.
Hillary will give her concession speech... Since somebody paid her $250,000 speaking fee.
After 35 years, Hillary got behind the wheel of her van to drive through Donald's wall. What happened? She REKT.
Apparently there is bi-partisan agreement in Congress that medicinal marijuana should be allowed for the purpose of relieving arthritic pain. In other words, there is joint support for joint support for joint support.
Why did Trump choose Pence? Because he can't give two cents 
If a blue man lives in the blue house, a red man lives in the red house, and a green man lives in the green house, who lives in the white house? an orange man
If Donald Trump's Hair turns out to be a wig then... There'll be hell Toupée.
Guys, Trump isn't Hitler... ...because Hitler actually won the popular vote.
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb? Look, we can change the lightbulb. That I will tell you. We're changing it, ok? And I understand what you're saying, I hear it all the time. People call me and say "Is the lightbulb really dead?". Thats what they are asking me, its unbelievable. The lightbulb is in big trouble, that I can tell you. But we are going to change it. 
Someone tries to shoot Trump during his speeches The bodyguard shouts "Donald! Make like Putin's here and bend over!"
Pakistan president calls to Obama in the morning And says "I'm sorry to hear about the terrorist attacks in New York, I wanted to be the first one to call and show my support to America"  After a pause Obama replies "What attack? I have no news of such attacks yet"  A dramatic silence prevails   After a while Obama hears a voice on phone that sounded like someone shouting "shit I forgot about the time difference". 
What do you call Trumps hands? Tangerines
Trump loves to toot his own horn... He calls it a Trump-et
As every US President's term comes to an end, they do a timed lap of the White House The White House lap record is a secret prestigious achievement among the President's. With his term coming to an end, Obama is determined to set a new record. He gives Biden a stopwatch and tells him to record his time from the moment he steps out of the oval office to the second he returns. Biden nods and Obama dashes off.   He returns minutes later, drenched in sweat, panting for breath, he asks "Did I beat it?"  Biden solemnly shakes his head, "You did 9:34, it was close, but you didn't beat the record"  With a disappointed sigh, Obama asks; "What is the record anyway? Who has it?"  "Bush" says Biden "He did 9:11"
Two Trump Jokes What do you call an Asian who supports Donald Trump? A riceist.  What do you call a Trump-loving instrument? A trumpet.  As horrible as these jokes may be, I thought them up myself so don't be too harsh. Criticism in the comments would be great however!
Did you here that Donald Trump wants to ban canned parmesan cheese? He wants to make America grate again. 
Donald Trump becomes the new president. Yeah that's it. 
Donald Trump wrote a lot of books on business Most of them end on chapter 11
Why does Obama keep referring to the islamic state as ISIL? It's common practice for parents to choose the name for their children.
Why did Donald Trump win the Republican nomination? Don Rickles is dead.
Donald Trump is going to outlaw shredded cheese. He's gonna make America grate again.
Obama, Putin and Merkel at the baltic sea Obama declares: Our submarines can stay submerged for ten days before needing air.   Putin promptly says: That's nothing. Russian submarines can stay submerged for up to a month.   Merkel is embarrassed and stays silent.   Suddenly a submarine emerges. The hatch opens and the man yells: Heil Hitler! Is the war over?
What's the difference between a Trump voter and a polar bear? One is a fat, white, mindless killing machine with no conscience or future, and the other is a bear.
Bernie Sanders is love, Bernie Sanders is life I was only 18 years old. I loved Bernie Sanders so much, I had all the bumper stickers and debate clips. I pray to Bernie every night before bed, thanking him for the life he wants to give me. “Bernie Sanders is love” I say. “Bernie Sanders is life.” My dad hears me and he calls me a communist.  I knew he was just jealous of my devotion to Bernie.  I called him a Trump supporter. He slaps me and sends me to go to sleep. I’m crying now, and my face hurts. I lay in bed and it’s really cold. A warmth is moving towards me. I feel something touch me. It’s Bernie Sanders. I am so happy. He whispers in to my ear, “This is my political revolution.” He grabs me with his powerful elderly hands and puts me on my hands and knees. I’m ready. I spread my ass cheeks for Bernie. He penetrates my butthole. It hurts so much but I do it for Bernie. I can feel my butt tearing as my eyes start to water. I push against his force. I want to please Bernie.  He roars a Brooklyn roar as he fills my butt with his love. My dad walks in. Bernie looks him straight in the eye and says, “A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much and so many have so little.” Bernie leaves through my window on a bald eagle. Bernie Sanders is love, Bernie Sanders is life.
What do Ted Cruz and Donald Trump's dad have in common? They both waited too long to pull out.
A liar, a sexist, and a criminal walk into a bar. A liar, a sexist, and a criminal walk into a bar.   The bartender says, "welcome Senator Clinton, what are you having today?"   5 minutes later Donald Trump walks in. He leans over, and with a smile on his face says "the media are really tearing you apart for that Scandal."   Hillary: "You mean my lying about Benghazi?"   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "You mean the massive voter fraud?"   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "You mean the military not getting their votes counted?"    Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "Using my secret private server with classified material to Hide my Activities?"   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything Else?"   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, Hiring Cronies, And taking bribes from foreign countries?   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "You mean the drones being operated in our own country without The Benefit of the law?"   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it Declared Bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?"   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?"   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?"   Trump: "No the other one:"   Hillary: "The IRS targeting conservatives?"    Trump: "No the other one:"   Hillary: "Turning Libya into chaos?"   Trump: "No the other one:"   Hillary: "Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?"   Trump: "No the other one:"   Hillary: "Turning our backs on Israel?"   Trump: "No the other one:"   Hillary: "The joke Iran Nuke deal? "   Trump: "No the other one:"   Hillary: "Leaving Iraq in chaos? "   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "The DOJ spying on the press?"   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?"   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 Months Later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?"   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "The NSA monitoring citizens' ?"   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?"   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?"   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet"   Trump: "No, the other one."   Hillary: "I give up! ... Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware and China when Bill left Office?"   Trump: "THAT'S IT! I almost forgot about that one".  
Republicans tried to find another candidate... While in a crowded meeting Mitch McConnell yelled out to John McCain "John! If you want to be president, raise your hand!"
What did Monica say to Hillary before Election Day? Don't blow it 
Hillary Clinton decided to send Donald Trump a letter to let him know how she felt about him. Trump opened the letter and it appeared to contain a single line coded message:  370HSSV 0773H   Trump was baffled, so he e-mailed it to Vanessa Trump and his children. Vanessa Trump and the children had no clue either, so they sent it to the FBI. No one could solve it at FBI, CIA or NASA.   They eventually asked the Jamaican secret service based in Lucia for help. Within minutes, they cabled this reply: "Tell Mr Trump that he is holding di ting upside down."
What is the name of the event in which Hillary supporters move out of the US? A start.
If Trump wins, I think I may know what will happen to New Mexico [Removed]
Obama's gay lover dies Fidel Castro dead at 90
Now Donald Trump is president he really needs to answer this conspiracy theory Is wrestling real or fake?
What kind of shoes does Donald Trump wear? Flip flops.
The White House did the unthinkable They went Black &amp; then they went back!
What do you call a self-absorbed trumpet player? Brasshole
Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin went fishing... After a couple of hours, Obama was flinging his arms around, swatting mosquitos away, while Putin sat there, watching the pond, unbothered.  "How is it, that these bloodsuckers only target my blood reserves?" Asked Obama. "They don't bite you at all!"  Putin smiled knowingly and replied: "They're not allowed to".
Donald Trump walked into a bar.. and then a door, and a table... his toupee had blown in front of his face again
How many anti-Trump protesters does it take to change a lightbulb? TRICK QUESTION. THEY CAN'T CHANGE ANYTHING.
Think of all the new jobs Trump will bring to America: Wall builders, death squad patrollers, bounty hunters and immigrant poachers.
Donald Trump has a new plan for solving the conflict of interest of him owning his business empire and being President He's going to put America into a blind trust.
How do you know if your neighbor voted for Trump? They've got a big burning "t" in their yard.
You know Trump isn't that bad.... Said no one ever
Trump and Hillary fall into the water. Who will be rescued?                America.
Apparently Bill Clinton is so sure that Hillary is going to win that he stopped at the tobacco store and bought a box of cigars. He has interviews scheduled for his new interns all day. 
Donald Trump is writing a children's book about running for President He's going to title it, "Marco's Little Adventure"
Trump will build the wall the same way he won the presidency. Under budget, and with less people than he needed.
What's the difference between Snowden and Clinton One know what he was doing and is forced to live in Russia, the other one is fit to be president.
Obama and Donald Trump walk into a bar... Obama and Donal Trump walk into a bar on Christmas.  Obama (to the bartender): Hi, I would like a beer please Trump (to the bartender): Merry Christmas! Give me a beer. By the way, you are fucking ugly and mexican, I hate you and I want you to die. When I become president I will make sure I kick people like you out of the country.  All the people in the bar are shocked. A journalist asks a Trump supporter what he thinks. He answers: "Horrible! Obama didn't say Merry Christmas!"
What is Trump's favorite Christmas Carol? I'm Dreaming of a White Christmas.
Everyone who kept saying they couldn't wait for this election to be over is responsible for Trump winning. They were Russian it.
Why don't Trump's toilets have seats? You don't need to sit when crap comes out your mouth.  -adapted from a conversation with a friend.
So I did not realize, in England, the word "trump" is slang for a particularly loud fart. ... Just like in America.
Russia admitted today to hacking the DNC in an attempt to get Donald Trump elected They went on to say that they decided not to take any action, however, once they saw Hillary Clinton's campaign strategy. 
Why did Donald Trump defend the size of his dick? Cuz he's gonna use it to fuck the Republican party.
A man, his sister and his wife walk into the voting booth to vote for Donald Trump. They've both given it a lot of thought.
What's Hillary Clinton's favorite Christmas carol? Depends, what is yours?
Why did Trump bring his dog to the rally ? Because he likes it *ruffed up* !  
Obama gave me a coin with Jesus on it. It was change I could believe in.
Donald Trump's favorite movie is the Big Lebowski. It's about trying to find the perfect rug while sucking down strong white Russians.
The Pope and Trump are on the same stage... In Yankee stadium in front of a large crowd. The Pope turns to Trump and says, "do you know, that with one little wave of my hand of my hand I can make every person in this crowd go wild with joy? This joy will not be a momentary display, but will go deep into their hearts and they'll forever speak of this day and rejoice!"  Trump replies, "I seriously doubt that! With one little wave of your hand? Show me."  So the Pope backhanded him and knocked him off the stage and the whole crowd roared and cheered wildly, and there was joy throughout the land.
I heard Trump's presidency will go swimmingly... No, seriously.  Climate deniers and all, the damn ice caps gonna melt!
Which NBA team does Trump like the most? The Detroit Pissed-ons. 
Why did NBC accuse Trump of being a zombie? Because he single handedly revived SNL from the dead.
It's impossible to find Waldo at Trump's inauguration It's entirely red and white
How do Mexicans feel about Trump's wall? They'll get over it.
Don't call Donald Trump a cunt. He lacks the warmth and depth.
Everybody's making a big deal about the Mexican president canceling his meeting with Trump... The wall isn't even built yet and it's already kept out at least one Mexican.
Bill Clinton is not a rapist. He just likes to "feel your pain".
A lot of folks are concerned that Trump is president given the status of minorities. But don't forget: Orange be the new black, baby.
A Russian, Trump and a Mexican are captured by an Amazonian tribe They are condemned to 50 hits with a stick. The Russian goes first.   After the Russian gets all 50 of his hits it's Trump's turn. Feeling bad they give him 1 request. Trump asks them to halve his beating.   After Trump was done they felt really bad for the Mexican. They gave him 2 requests. The Mexican asks them to triple his beating. Astonished, the tribe asks what is the second request.  Mexican: Put Trump on my back  
Have you heard about the new movie where Donald Trump becomes a bug? It's called "President Weevil"
What does Trump call virgin alcoholic beverages? Fake Booze.
To be fair, Donald Trump HAS created a lot of jobs. It’s going to take a lot of people to clean up this mess.  Edit: yikes I really attracted all the trump supporters didn’t I... like moths to a flame
BREAKING NEWS: Multiple reliable sources have confirmed Donald Trump has plans to step down from his office as President of the United States of America. Effective at Noon, on Monday. January 20th, 2025.
Why is the mainstream media failing so miserably at hanging trump? Because of their fake noose.
What's the difference between T'pau and Donald Trump? With T'pau it's "*China* in your hand"...
What is Trump's favorite country? Va-china
How are Melania Trump and LeBron James alike? Both made their fortunes playing with orange balls.
What do you call a trump supporter hanging out in the hood? Grand wizard.
Why can't Bill Clinton kill himself? Because he has trouble with committing. 
Did you hear about the supreme court justice who was caught stealing the scraps from restaurant booths? Police identified her as Booth Raider Ginsburg.
Did you guys hear about the Trump winery? It's only whites.
Donald Trump goes to an elementary school to show off his intelligence and success. The schoolchildren were learning vocabulary, specifically the word ‘tragedy’, when the famous businessman stormed into the classroom.  Trump decided to help the children learn the word ‘tragedy’, and asked the following question to them:  “What would be a tragedy, kids?”  A bespectacled boy nervously answers:  “If my best friend died of pneumonia, that would be a tragedy.”  “No, that would be a great loss,” Trump corrects him.  Another shy young child answers:  “If my uncle got hit by a train, that would be a tragedy.”  “No, no, that would be an accident,” Trump replies.  A young girl raises her hand. The wealthy businessman asks her if she’d like to give an example of a tragedy. The girl nods, and says:  “If Mr. Trump was in his private jet, and a missile hit the jet, that would be a tragedy.”  “Yes, that would be a tragedy for sure. Can you tell me why?” The businessman asks.  “Well, it definitely wasn’t a great loss, and I’m not sure if it was an accident, either,”
Trump got given an Ikea bookshelf for christmas "Why the hell not", he thought, "after all you have to try everything once, and I am president!"   So he unpacked it all and started to put it together, but try as he might he just couldn't agree the pieces together.   One of the president's advisor's saw this and told Trump to lie on his back and try again. Even thought he thought this was strange he gave it a go, and got it the first go!  "How did you know that would work?", asked another advisor.   "Well", he responded, "We all know that Trump is good at screwing things up!"
After getting in the White House, D.Trump gets a letter.... ... from the Iranian president. He opens it and to his surprise there is a paper with a weird looking code on it:   370HSSV 0773H   All confused, Trump contacts the FBI and forwards the letter to them in hope they can figure out the meaning, but they weren't able to. Trump gets angry and sends the letter to both the CIA and NSA, and they also fail to figure out the meaning of the letter.    One of the agents suggest Trump to ask for MI6's help, so he does and few minutes after a British agent sends a fax to his secretary: Tell your president he was holding the letter upside down.
How do you post a message that Trump and his supporters can't decipher? How do you post a message that Trump and his supporters can't decipher?  Use some three syllable words.
Downvotes for being a Trump supporter should only be worth 3/5ths of a downvote... You know why.
4 of the Top 5 /r/Jokes Posts are About Trump I guess not everyone knows Dave.
What is the difference between the Constitution and Bill Clinton? The Constitution has the Bill of Rights and Bill Clinton has the rights of bill!
Using high powered gamma rays, creatures on Mars have established total mind control over Donald. And Hillary. And the liberal press. And the Alt-right. Hey, all I know is what I read on Facebook.  (But it explains everything!)
Obama and Putin have a discussion.. Putin: Let's just talk about this man to man..  Obama: Ok one moment, let me get Michelle.  My uncle told it much better but I can't remember how he said it. Feel free to repost it if you can format it better. 
What’s the difference between Donald Trump and a flying pig? The letter F.
Donald Trump figured out how to get Mexico to pay for the border wall. He promised monthly diplomatic visits to Mexico by motorcade. 
Donald Trump wanted to repaint the White House... Donald Trump wanted to repaint the White House, and received three quotes:  Mexican contractor: 3 million Italian Contractor: 7 million Israeli Contractor: 10 million  After a while Trump asked the Mexican - Why did you ask for 3 million. The Mexican said:-One million in paint, one million in labor and one million profit. He asked the Italian why he was asking 7 million. Italian replied:-3 million in high quality painting, 2 million in specialized workforce and 2 million gain. He asked the Israeli why he was asking 10 million. The Israeli responded: Don Trump my friend - 4 million for you, 3 million for me, And with the 3 million leftovers we pay the Mexican to paint!!!
A Mexican kid meets Donald Trump and proudly says to him, "I want to be President one day!" Trump lashes out, "Are you stupid!? Are you an idiot!? Out of your mind!? Are you retarded!?"   The kid frowns and relents, "You know what, I've changed my mind. There are way too many requirements."
Trump is a closet communist, and I have proof. When he says he likes to grab them by the pussy, he's really saying he wants to seize the means of reproduction.
The President is walking out of the White House and heading toward his limo, when a possible assassin steps forward and aims a gun. A secret service agent, new on the job, shouts “Mickey Mouse!” This startles the would be assassin and he is captured. Later, the secret service agent’s supervisor takes him aside and asks, “What in the hell made you shout 'Mickey Mouse'?” Blushing, the agent replies, “I got nervous. I meant to shout...... “Donald , duck!”
How did the court find Trump innocent of domestic abuse? "Fake bruise"
If Donald Trump and Mike Pence were on a stranded island, who would survive? The United States of America
How do you make Donald Trump go woof? Douse him in petrol and set fire to him.
I bet Ivanka Trump actually turned down a position in President Trump's cabinet I mean how many women would feel comfortable working for a man who said they would screw their daughter.
Trump as of today: 'Grab 'em by the..' Pissy
What did Donald Trump say about the fake cows? They were FAKE MOOS
What's Donald trumps favorite kind of nut? A wall-nut
Trump and Pence are laughing amongst themselves at a White House dinner... A senator is watching them from a few tables away and wonders what they keep laughing about.  Later, he approaches them and asks, "I've been watching you guys for a while now and you keep laughing amongst yourselves. What could be so funny?"  Trump replies, "We're going to start World War 3."  Puzzled, the senator asks, "How are you going to do that?"  Trump replies, "We're going to kill 4 million Muslims and a dentist."  The senator asks, "Why the dentist?"  Trump says to Pence, "See? No one cares about the Muslims!"
They are serving "Trump Soup" at the inauguration banquet Stewed Orange and Chickpea
Why are jocs and Trump fans similar? Both support nutbags.
What Trumps favorite song Make it rain (there are two way you can read this)
What did the Rabbi and the Mexican say to each other at the Trump rally? Jew! Esé!
Donald Trump is a good Christian So then can someone explain why he wrote an executive order that literally would ban Jesus (who comes from the middle east)?
What did Trump say when he was convicted of colluding with Russia? "Pardon me?"
Recently Melania Trump went missing In other news they found new organic material in Mars!
If Trump played DnD, what weapon would he use? A fire staff. 
Did you hear the one about the assassin that Trump sent? He was tasked with blowing up a car, and he burned his mouth on the tailpipe. 
trump I wonder what would happen if Obama supported trump?
Donald Trump took an IQ test. It came back negative.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Greenland? Greenland's not for sale.
America has Trump, a euphemism in the UK for fart. The UK has Johnson, a euphemism in America for penis.  Together we have President Fart and Prime Minister Penis.
You guys heard Trumps buying Greenland? He's asking Mexico to pay for it.
The Supreme Court may decide a case to allow women to legally go topless in public to be equal to men So far, over 3 million amicus briefs in favor of the plaintiff have been offered.
After voting republican his whole life, my grandfather will be voting for Hillary Since he was 18 he said "As long as I live, I'll never vote democrat"True to his word he never did as he died last year.
How can you tell if Hillary is lying? Her lips move.
I'd like to congratulate Hillary on breaking the glass ceiling tonight. She is the first, and possibly only, woman who could have, and did, lose a presidential election to Donald Trump.
Still in shock that Trump got elected, the house and senate majority is republicans. Shit, it can't get more worse for 2016, right?
What's the difference between Trump and Clinton? 62 Electoral Votes
Trump winning the election I did nazi that coming
Why was Hillary Clinton running for President? Because it's easier than running from Law Enforcement.
The Chinese premier makes a phone call to Donald Trump in order to discuss the economy  "Mr Trump, what's happening to the world markets?"  "Fluctuations"  "Well fluc you Americans too"
A conversation with god about Trump John (while writing Revelations):  "So Lord, the end will be signaled by trumpets?"  God:  "No... I said Trump/Pence."  John:  Yeah, trumpets.  God:  "Never mind.  They'll know."﻿
Hillary Clinton collapsed on the street again and had to be rushed to her daughter's apartment for treatment... The attending physician asked, "Are you still an alcoholic?"   "No," Hillary indignantly replied.   "That's good," said the doctor, "When did you quit?"   She answered, "Earlier this morning."
What words does Donald Trump find irresistibly sexy? "You sick fuck, I'm calling the cops."
Trump has such high ego that when he bangs a supermodel, he closes his eyes and imagines he is jerking off.
2 Trump Supporters go to heaven St. Peter greets them at the Pearly gates and asks if there is anything in the universe they'd like to know before meeting God. The fist guy asks, "What was really in Hillary's emails?"  "Nothing incriminating really", replies St. Peter.  The other guy turns and whispers, "Wow, this goes higher than we thought." 
Trump sits down to a meeting one morning and the Secretary of State is looking grim. "It's been a long night Mr. President. At 2000 hours, a plane was lost over the atlantic with two hundred people on board"  "That's fine," Trump replies, "We have a ton more planes. What else?"  "Well," The Secretary continues, "There was a nightclub shooting at 2200 hours, at least fifty people died and maybe a thousand were injured in the ensuing riot"  Trump thinks for a second, before saying, "Blame ISIS, next!"  "I hate to have more bad news Mr. President, but a hurricane hit Miami and the city is all but destroyed. We estimate that over a million people will be made homeless."  "Listen," Trump begins, "I know all about rebuilding houses. People ask me, they say can you do it and I say yes I can, where's your house I'll rebuild it, and in China, you know, they have a tremendous problem with damaged houses and I make deals with them all the time."  The Secretary looks relieved, and is about to leave when he remembers:  "There was one more thing, Mr. President- twelve Brazilian illegal immigrants tried to cross into the US, what do you want us to do with them?"  Trump leaps to his feet, slams his fist on the table and bellows "TWELVE BRAZILIAN!? I'M GONNA NEED A BIGGER WALL!"  Credit to /u/notenoughnyquil
Irate supporters of Donald Trump wanted to boycott the musical "Hamilton"... But they couldn't find any tickets not to buy for at least 10 months. 
Donald Trump is such a Clown  Donald Trump is such a Clown they say he lives way uptown We all know that he's such a Fool How ya like that, that hair do? I wish he'd just Go away Just can't stand what he has to say People think he's awful dumb when he talks my brain goes numb He's gonna build a giant wall Cause people think he's got the BALLS And to end this stupid note I'd rather die than give him a vote.  
What's Trumps favorite fish? The Wall-eye.
Donald Trump will never get hemorrhoids. He's a perfect asshole.
I hear Trump's first act as president is to ban dried parmesan cheese He's gonna make America grate again
Donald Trump wants to build a wall between USA and Mexico... It's okay, we have tunnels.
Donald Trump Song Parody Donald Trump is such a Clown  they say he lives way uptown  We all know that he's such a Fool  How ya like that, that hair do?  I wish he'd just Go away  Just can't stand what he has to say  People think he's awful dumb  when he talks my brain goes numb  He's gonna build a giant wall  Cause people think he's got the BALLS  And to end this stupid note  I'd rather die than give him a vote.
Bernie Sanders looks and sounds like the High Sparrow from GoT, but that's an unfair comparison. By next season, Reddit will still remember the High Sparrow.
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and a really cheap prostitute? While they both would fuck the entire country for a few million dollars, at least we might have a chance of recovering from the prostitute.
What does Donald Trump order at Panda Express? Orange chicken.
Congress Gets Kidnapped A driver was stuck in a traffic jam on the highway outside Washington, DC.  Nothing was moving.  Suddenly, a man knocks on the window. The driver rolls down the window and asks, "What's going on?"  "Terrorists have kidnapped the entire US Congress, and they're asking for a $100 million dollar ransom. Otherwise, they are going to douse them all in gasoline and set them on fire.  We are going from car to car, collecting donations."  "How much is everyone giving, on an average?" the driver asks.  The man replies, "Roughly a gallon."
Donald Trump isn't racist. He's just jealous of the Mexicans because they can make better tacos then Americans. By building the wall he is eliminating most Taco Competition from the American taco making championships. 
Why does Trump hate the negative press so much? They hurt his covfefes.
Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump and Kim Jong-Un jump off a cliff. Who wins? Mankind.
President Trump is in Israel for the Mideast Summit. He gets ill and dies... President Trump is in Israel for the Mideast Summit. He gets ill and dies.  The local officials tell his aides that they could return the body to America but to honor the President they offer to bury him there in the Holy Land.  The aides confer and tell the official that they will take the body home.  The official asks why they would do that rather than accept the immense gift of burial in the Holy Land.  The aides reply: “A long time ago someone was buried here and arose 3 days later. We can’t take that chance.”
What does Donald Trump call small boats used by fairies? Fey canoes 
Donald Trump announced that he wants to put a cap on immigrants in the near future. That seems unfair. They should be allowed to wear whatever they want.
Donald Trump &amp; a goodlooking lady in the elevator.. going up. Lady says: "OMG, you re Donald Trump, I am ready to undress right here right now and we make wild animal sex..". Trump: "and how do I benefit from that?"
The reason why Sanders' supporters will switch to Trump With half the American workforce leaving for Canada, they might actually be able to find a job out of college
Why has the Secret Service started giving Donald Trump Zoloft? They're worried about Hispanic attacks 
George Bush There's an old saying in Tennessee...I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee that says, fool me once, shame on...shame on you. Fool me...you can't get fooled again.       **I don't care! It's too funny to not repost.**
Why does Donald Trump insist on Mexico building the wall between at the US/Mexico border? Because he doesn't want to hire illegal immigrants.
Why is Donald Trump half a communist? Because he wants to seize one of the two means of reproduction.
Slave owners used to get black people to pick cotton... now they get them to pick Democrats.
My cousin was curious as to how a bear was taught to play the trumpet even if it didn't sound very good... I shrugged and answered.   "I guess it learned the bear minimum."
My wife calls my penis Donald Trump. Because it has a weird haircut, and is not qualified to run the country.
Why did they rename Bill Clinton Airport? They were tired of planes going down all the time.
If Donald Trump goes to jail eventually... ... it would be his first complete sentence.   &amp;#x200B;  (thanks, Mindy Schneider)
It turns out all the hubbub about Hillary getting rid of her email server was all just a big misunderstand... It was a female server that kept going down on Bill that was the problem.
What’s the difference between JFK and Obama? JFK put a man on the moon. Obama put a man in the women’s restroom.
Why does Trump like envelopes? Because they're white and mail.
What´s the difference between Trump and Putin? One created a fascinating reality show, while the other one is the president of the US.
What is the difference between Donald Duck and Donald Trump? One is a cartoon character with a hot temper and the other is a duck.
I agree with Donald Trump's idea for a wall. I mean look at China, look how many Mexicans they have.
Why did trump university fail? Because trump has no class.
Trump walks into the UN General Assembly Everyone laughs
Donald Trump stood before the UN today to give a speech Never put the punchline in the title.
It's not fair for people to keep comparing Trump to Hitler. Hitler was a decorated war hero and qualified leader.
The Pope, Trump, Merkel and a kid are on a plane The Pope, Donald Trump, Angela Merkel, and a third grade child are flying on a small plane. The pilot runs into trouble and realizes they’re going to crash. He races to the cabin, grabs a parachute, and bails, shouting, “There are three parachutes left. You guys are on your own!”  Angela Merkel says, “Since I’m the leader of the free world now, I need to survive.” She takes a parachute and exits the plane.  Donald Trump says, “Well, I’m a genius, so I get a parachute too,” and off he goes.  The Pope tells the third grader, “Don’t worry, my child. I’ve lived a long and miraculous life. You take the parachute, and I’ll go down with the plane.”  “That’s okay, sir,” says the child. “There are still two parachutes left. That genius just jumped out of the plane wearing my backpack.”
Trump, Pence, and Paul Ryan and traveling together President Trump, Vice President Pence, and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan are traveling together in a presidential convoy. A tornado comes along, sweeps up their vehicle and launches them hundreds of yards away.   When they regain consciousness they realize they've been transported to the magical Land of Oz.   They decide to go see the famous Wizard of Oz. The Wizard is known for granting wishes.   Pence says, "I'm going to ask the Wizard for a brain."   Paul Ryan adds, "I'm going to ask the Wizard for a heart."   Trump looks around and asks, "Where's Dorothy?"
Bill Maher's Joke About Trump and a Little Guy Bill Maher said yesterday on his "Real Time" show:  When Trump said he cared about a little guy he was talking about his dick.
How Many Democrats Does It Take to Change a Lightbulb Two. One to explain that they are doing all they possibly can to fix the problem, and another to screw it into the faucet.
What is Donald Trumps favorite street? Wall Street
How did Donald Trump react when he found out R. Kelly would not be performing at the inauguration? He was pissed.
Trump is so fancy Even his showers are golden.
White people don't shoot each other in the streets like black people do. They elect Republicans. 
Bill Clinton just got caught eyeing Ivanka Trump. He'll have to fight Donald Trump for it.
George Bush, Barack Obama and Donald Trump are going for a job interview with God.  God asks Bush: “What do you believe in?”  Bush replies: “I believe in a free economy, a strong America, the American nation and so on ...”  God is impressed by Bush and tells him: “Great, come sit on the chair on my right.”  God goes to Obama and asks: “What do you believe in?”  Obama replies: “I believe in democracy, helping the poor, world peace, etc. ...”  God is really impressed by Obama and tells him: “Well done, come sit on the chair on my left.”  Finally, God asks Trump: “What do you believe in”?  Trump replies: “I believe you're sitting on my chair.”
Well at least Trump and I have one thing in common.. ..we both think his daughter is hot.
A Trump supporter tells a reporter, "Everyone knows we're great at taking tests." Reporter: "What gives you that idea?"  Trump supporter: "Everyone keeps calling us 'quiz-lings'."  
Everyone seems to think that Trump's new wall is offensive... but I just think it's more wallish.
I think Trump is doing a fantastic job. Sorry, I misspoke...ISN'T doing a fantastic job. 
How many Trumps do we need to screw in a light bulb? Two. One to screw it up, and one to Putin
Americans shouldn't be surprised that Trump sided with Putin because that's what you get for putting a KGB agent up against a KFC agent.
Melania Trump issues statement on wedding to Trump: "I meant to say, I don't do"
How do you circumcise a Trump supporter? Kick his sister in the chin.
Did trump get Stormy Daniels pregnant? Can’t when your balls are in Moscow.  
Why was Donald Trump watching the Summer Olympics? To see how high the Mexican pole vaulters could go
I think I figured out this whole Trump Putin Thing Putin is actually Shaggy.    Trump: Did you mess with our election?    Putin:  It wasn't me.    Trump:  Did you access Crimea?    Putin:  It wasn't me.    Trump:  My intelligence says so.    Putin:  It wasn't me.    Trump:  You're even helping out Assad.    Putin:  It wasn't me.    Very Strong Forceful denials.
Trump and The Queen Donald Trump met with the Queen of England, and he asked her, "Your Majesty, how do you run such an efficient government? Are there any tips you can give     me?"   "Well," replied the Queen, "the most important thing is to surround yourself with intelligent people."   Trump frowned, and then asked, "But how do I know the people around you are really intelligent?"   The Queen took a sip of tea. "Oh, that's easy; you just ask them to answer an intelligent riddle."   The Queen pushed a button on her intercom. "Please send Theresa May in here, would you?"   Theresa May walked into the room and said, "Yes, Your Majesty?"   The Queen smiled and said, "Answer me this, if you would, Theresa. Your mother and father have a child. It is not your brother and it is not your sister. Who is it?"   Without pausing for a moment, Theresa May answered, "That would be me."   "Yes! Very good," said the Queen.   Trump went back home to ask Mike Pence the same question. “ Mike, answer this for me. Your mother and your father have a child. It's not your brother and it's not your sister. Who is it?"   "I'm not sure," said Pence. "Let me get back to you on that one." He went to his advisers and asked everyone, but none could give him an answer.   Finally, Pence ran in to Sarah Palin in a restaurant the next night. Pence asked, "Sarah, can you answer this for me? Your mother and father have a child and it's not your brother or your sister. Who is it?"   Sarah Palin answered right back, "That's easy, it's me!"   Pence smiled, and said, "Thanks!"   Pence then, went back to speak with Trump. "Say, I did some research and I have the answer to that riddle.   It's Sarah Palin!"   Trump got up, stomped over to Pence, and angrily yelled, "No, you idiot! It's Theresa May!"   ...AND THAT MY FRIENDS IS PRECISELY WHAT'S GOING ON AT THE WHITE HOUSE  .
How did Trump win the Presidential Race? He was Russian
Barack Obama walks into a Subaru dealership... The salesman asked him, "What are you looking for?"  Obama says, "I'm looking for a replacement because my legacy got wrecked."
How does Mario’s girlfriend greet president Trump? Im Peach. 
How do you starve a Bernie Sanders supporter? Elect Bernie Sanders
[NSFW] What do Trump and the TSA have in common? They both "grab them by the pussy".
Two sex workers enter Trump's Russian hotel room. Sex worker: "On a scale of one to 10, how would you rate us?"  Trump:  "Urinate"﻿
I heard Donald Trump's apartment is made completely from marble. Apart from the showers. Those are golden.
Donald Trump's Hair, by William Shakspeare Toupè or not toupè, that is the question.
Obamacare. It only works if you don't.
I hear Pres-elect Trump really likes Fanta He wants to make America grape again
Trump took forever finding a band to play his inauguration... ...all that time and they were just Three Doors Down
Bill Clinton must be the luckiest man in the world. All of the sex he has, with Hillary, you know it's hate sex.
So, Donald Trump went so far as to evict an African-American family from their residence on the day of his Inauguration. Yet another example of Trump's oppression of minorities... On the flip-side, Trump voters were also the minority. So, I guess things are balancing out.
What is Donald Trump's favorite genre of music? Alternative
Trump: "Hows that Mexican mall going?" "Mall? We thought you said wall"  Trump: "No way that's harsh, also hows that Muslim band looking?"
Bill &amp; Hillary are on the mound of Yankees Stadium Before one of their games. Bill picks up Hillary and heaves her towards home plate.  As the SS run over to help her up, One of their handlers screams at him, "Mr. President! You were supposed to throw the first *pitch!*"
The Joker is in a room with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, and has a gun with one bullet, who does he shoot? Neither.  Some men just want to watch the world burn.
Trump asks a crying baby to go out.... It is known among his friends that he does not like competition. 
What's the difference between Bernie Sanders and a coconut? Coconuts have hair
What do Pink Floyd, Dale Earnhardt, and Donald Trump have in common? The wall.
Why did the Trump campaign order its followers to destroy all fax machines? They thought it was spelled "facts."
What is common between Hillary and the Leaning Tower of Pisa? They are both Crooked. (Allegedly).
Hillary Clinton is elected President. On her first night in the White House (not counting when she was first lady), she is visited by the ghost of George Washington.  She asks, "What can I do to help America?"  Washington replies "Serve your country selflessly and always be honest"  *Hillary laughs in his face*  On her second day in the White House, she is visited by the ghost of Thomas Jefferson.  She asks, "What can I do to help America?"  Jefferson replies "Remember that governments derive their power from the consent of the governed, and that the individual is to have sovereignty over himself."  *Hillary laughs in his face*  On her third day in the White House, she is visited by the ghost of Abraham Lincoln.  She asks, "What can I do to help America?"  Lincoln replies "Go to the theater."
Who is Donald Trumps favorite Pixar character? WALL-E
Obama used the race card. Hillary used the woman card. America used the Trump card.
Why did Bill cheat on Hillary? Because she doesn't have the stamina
If a green man lives in a green house, a purple man lives in a purple house, a blue man lives in a blue house, a yellow man lives in a yellow house, a black man lives in a black house. Who lives in a White house? An Orange man.
If Trump becomes president, I would really like to see how Republicans are going to defend him for doing the same thing Obama did: Nothing.
Fan fiction: Trump and Putin are in a conference to sign a treaty. Due to winter storms, power goes out for the night. What happens throughout the night?
Trump is like Batman... ... He's the President the USA deserve but not the one they need right now.
The supreme Court might become a kangaroo court. Trump might actually appoint funking kangaroos as justices. 
If Donald Trump is a musician He would grab them by Debussy.
Everyone is furious about Trump's greatest crime: Beating a woman
Trump should appoint Sarah Palin as the Administrator of NASA. I know, I know, I could've stopped it there, but here's the punchline:   I mean, we must be fair and give her some consideration, because she does make a good argument: she can see the moon from her house.
The Trump movement and my movement in the bathroom this morning had the same result... ...a big turd was delivered that brought tears to my wife’s eyes.
If Dems win, what will the White House have in common with a certain southern California Spanish mission? The swallows will be returning.
Since Trump got elected 2.5 million Americans want to leave the country That's 2.5 million jobs he's already made!
Why did an immigrant marry trump ? Because immigrants do the jobs that no American wants to do
My uncle in Mexico is pretty upset about Trump's border wall... But he'll get over it.
Donald Trump, a Russian spy and corrupt politician walk into a bar.. He quickly turns around and leaves, saying "What was i thinking?? I don't even drink alcohol!"
James Comey, Michael Flynn and Hillary Clinton walk into a bar... James Comey says, man Trump fired me today. Flynn says, man trump fired me last week. Clinton says, he fired me 4 months ago, and I would have droned you both.
So Putin was saying that Schizophrenia is the only explanation for the accusations against Trump. Makes sense. Trump has been acting really strange lately.
What was Trump telling the Russian Ambassador today? That's classified.
Why was Trump going to be the winner in the past election? Because orange is the new black.
My boss is just like Donald Trump.... He takes credit for all the good work he never did and fires people who work for him when he screws up.
A sinful English teacher dies and is on trial by the Supreme Court of the Heavenly Gates. He's told that he has two choices:   1. If he is found to have not committed any sins, then he may enter heaven. Alternatively, if he's found guilty of even one sin he'll be sent straight to hell. 2. Relive his life in the poorest of circumstances, and devoid of any memories of the after life. He will have to go on trial again post-mortem.    He acknowledges his understanding of the terms and chooses the first option. Amazingly he gets sent to heaven.     St. Peter welcomes him to heaven and says, "wow you've actually made it here, no one has ever made it to heaven before; everyone has at least one unforgiven sin, how did you do it?"     The sinful English teacher smiles and repeats his plea of innocence: "Jesus Christ as my witness, I have never sinned once."   EDIT: typo(s)
How much did President Trump pay for assassination insurance? One Pence.
Have you heard that Donald Trump recently hosted a costume party? Everyone who's anyone was there. One couple in particular made a pretty big splash because they appeared to have arrived at the White House completely naked. The President went to get a closer look, however, and realized that they were, in fact, just wearing full-body flesh-colored suits that only made them LOOK like they were naked. They were fake nudes.
Why did Donald Trump drain the swamp? So he could hire what was on the bottom.
Why will congress never impeach Trump? Republicans always insist on carrying a baby to full term.
What is Donald Trump's plan for tackling global warming? Nuclear winter. (Inspired from joke on Russian seasons)
Donald Trump should be buried 20 feet under the ground Because deep down he is a very good human.
Why do Donald Trump supporters love math?(OC) Because they are really good at division.
All Donald Trump needs is carbon, oxygen, vanadium, and his two iron Or covfefe, as he calls it.
So, Donald Trump walks into a pizza parlour.... And asks for a pizza. The clerk asks "do you want it cutting into four slices or eight?"  Trump says "four please. I don't think I could eat eight."
Putin, Merkel and Trump are walking down a beach... Putin, Merkel and Trump are walking down a beach.   Putin says "Russian submarines are so technically advanced, they can stay a whole year under water without the need to return to the surface."  Trump laughs and returns "Well that's cute, but 'murican submarines are far better and can stay 2 years under water without the need to return to the surface."   As soon as Merkel wants to speak, a submarine arises from the sea and opens his hatch. A old man in Nazi uniform jumps over to the beach and shouts "SIEG HEIL, we need gasoline!"
What does Trump say when you ask him about his love life? I date girls. I date the best girls. Everyone tells me how the girls I date are the best girls. People come up to me on the street, even muslim and hispanic people, and they tell me how I date the best girls. I'd date the best girls of any president in history. They'd be great, very good, very good girls. I've been told I date the best girls.
Bill Clinton is on Air Force One when the Flight Attendant approaches with the lunch menu... Bill looks at the menu briefly, and then looks up and down at the attendant before giving her a wink.  He leans over and says "Well, I sure could go for a quickie right about now."  The Attendant is flattered on some level but quickly starts flushing red at the terror of being about to learn just how far she'd go to keep her job.  Al Gore is sitting right across from Bill reading his own menu, and immediately recognizes what's going on.  He glances at Bill and leans over to attendant, and says  "I'm sorry, I believe the President would like to order a *quiche*".
I seen on Fox news trumps first order of business... Will be evicting a black family!
Why is bill Clinton always stratified in the oval office Because he always get a head
Trump may not fulfill all of his campaign promises... ...but he sure is making Saturday Night Live great again.
If there was a championship for the world's biggest loser, Hillary would take second place. Because she can't win anything.
President Trump and the Pope. President Trump invited the Pope for lunch on his mega yacht, the Pope accepted and during lunch, a puff of wind blew the Pontiff's hat off, right into the water.   It floated off about 50 feet, then the wind died down and it just floated in place.   The crew and the secret service were scrambling to launch a boat to go get it, when Trump waved them off, saying "Never mind, boys, I'll get it."  The Donald climbed over the side of the yacht, walked on the water to the hat, picked it up, walked back on the water, climbed onto the yacht, and handed the Pope his hat.  The crew was speechless. The security team and the Pope's entourage were speechless.  No one knew what to say, not even the Pope.  But that afternoon, NBC, CBS, ABC, MSNBC, CNN all knew how to cover the story. Their banner headlines read,  "TRUMP CAN'T SWIM!"
Donald Trump says he has a great relationship with the blacks But unless the blacks is the name of a white family, that's probably not the case  --Seth Meyers 
What's the difference between a Trump card and the Titanic? During the sinking of the Titanic, there was music...
What is the similarity between Bernie Sanders and Bernie Madoff? They both take your money!
We are Trumped Trump's first day at the Oval Office. First briefing by the CIA, Pentagon, FBI:  Trump: We must destroy ISIS immediately.  CIA: We cannot do that, sir. We created them along with Turkey, Saudi, Qatar and others.  Trump: The Democrats created them.  CIA: We created ISIS, sir. You need them or else you would lose funding from the natural gas lobby.  Trump: Stop funding Pakistan. Let India deal with them.  CIA: We can't do that. It is Modi in India and not Manmohan.  Trump: So what?  CIA: Modi will cut Balochistan out of Pak.  Trump: I don't care.  CIA: India will have peace in Kashmir. They will stop buying our weapons. They will become a superpower. We have to fund Pakistan to keep India busy in Kashmir.  Trump: But you have to destroy the Taliban.  CIA: Sir, we can't do that. We created the Taliban to keep Russia in check during the 80s. Now they are keeping Pakistan busy and away from their nukes.  Trump: We have to destroy terror sponsoring regimes in the Middle East. Let us start with the Saudis.  Pentagon: Sir, we can't do that. We created those regimes because we wanted their oil. We can't have democracy there, otherwise their people will get that oil - and we cannot let their people own it.  Trump: Then, let us invade Iran.  Pentagon: We cannot do that either, sir.  Trump: Why not?  CIA: We are talking to them, sir.  Trump: What? Why?  CIA: We want our stealth drone back. If we attack them, Russia will obliterate us as they did to our buddy ISIS in Syria. Besides we need Iran to keep Israel in check.  Trump: Then let us invade Iraq again.  CIA: Sir, our friends (ISIS) are already occupying 1/3rd of Iraq.  Trump: Why not the whole of Iraq?  CIA: We need the Shi'ite gov't of Iraq to keep ISIS in check.  Trump: I am banning Muslims from entering US.  FBI: We can't do that.  Trump: Why not?  FBI: Then our own population will become fearless.  Trump: I am deporting all illegal immigrants to south of the border.  Border patrol: You can't do that, sir.  Trump: Why not?  Border patrol: If they're gone, who will build the wall?  Trump: I am banning H1Bs. USCIS: You cannot do that.  Trump: Why?  Chief of staff: If you do so we'll have to outsource White House operations to Bangalore. Which is in India.  Trump: What  the hell should I do???  CIA: Enjoy the White House, sir! We will take care of the rest!!!  God bless America!
Who is Donald Trump's best friend? Frankly
What is the difference between Donald Trump and OJ Simpson? Donald Trump's tiny hands would have fit in that little glove.
If Donald Trump clinches the nomination... ...there's gonna be hell toupee.
Why does Clinton hate Sanders? Because he's trying to Berndoggle her campaign.
An Englishman, Scotsman and Donald Trump are in the Sahara desert (see, I’ve changed it so it’s current)... The Englishman is carrying an umbrella, the Scot is holding a cucumber and Trump is carrying a car door. A Bedouin approaches and asks why the Englishman has an umbrella in the desert. The man replies. “Well, when it gets really hot, I put up my brolly and I can keep cool in the shade.” The Bedouin asks the Scot why he has a cucumber. The man replies. “Well, when it gets really hot, I can slice up the cucumber and place the slices on my forehead to cool me off.” Finally the Bedouin turns to Trump and asks him why he has a car door. Trump replies. “Well, when it gets really, really hot - and it has to get so very very hot, as I’m great at handling the heat - but when it gets that unbelievably hot, I can roll down the window and stick my head out.”  Yeah. Sorry about that...
Why didn't Donald Trump address the Veterans in the rain? Have you ever seen what happens to cotton candy when it gets wet?
How is Donald Trump different from The Hindenburg? One is a flaming Nazi gasbag, and the other is an airship.  
What is Donald Trump's favorite fictional character? Wall-E
If Donald Trump personally arrested a criminal Is it called orange justice?
What is Donald Trump’s least favorite band? Foreigner.
Nearly Every Joke on r/jokes right now is like when Donald Trump gets his haircut. The barber says " Nothing Authentic "
The Washington Capitals are a spitting image of the current White House administration. A team full of goons that are led by a couple of Russians that call the shots. 
Did you hear that NYC paid Hillary Clinton $2,000,000 as a consultant for New Years Eve? They wanted an expert on dropping the ball at the last second.
Donald Trump wants to paint the white house Donald trump wants to paint the white house..  He calls for quotations..  Chinese guy quoted 3 millions..  European guy quoted 7 millions..  White American guy quoted 10 millions..  Trump asked chinese guy.."..how did u quote 3 millions..?"  Chinese guy replied .."  1 million for paint 1 million for labour 1 million profit.."  Trump asked european guy.. He replied-".. 3 million for paint 2 million for labour 2 million profit..*   Trump asked White American guy.. He replied..      .."..4 million for you.. 3 million for me.. ..  .. and we will give 3 million to the chinese guy and ask him to paint..!!"   ����������������
Someone finally will play at Donald Trump's inauguration... Coldplay is supposed to play Yellow.
What does Trump know about Putin that we don't? How his dictates 
Trump finally proved he's not a liberal... ...he's a Goldwater Republican.  He'll probably be pissed at this joke.
Donald Trump is sure to win a second term. There will be no Juan left to stop him.
Apparently Donald Trump's favourite film is E.T... Because it's about an illegal alien that goes home. 
Trump reminds me of Julius Caesar He thinks he's negotiating with a leader from the East, but he's probably just getting fucked.
Band finally confirmed for Trump Inauguration Band that played during Titanic sinking confirmed to play Trump’s Inauguration
Tonight, President-Elect Donald Trump visited the Lincoln Memorial Although it has been years since a President has decided to host part of their pre-inauguration/inauguration at the site, Donald Trump personally chose this site to "commemorate a man who made America great".  I guess its true what they say; opposites do attract.
Trump and Pence are so homophobic ... ... they couldn't get a mandate.  HAHAHA! A lot of people are going to die in the next 4 years.
People like to compare Hillary Clinton to Hitler, but there's one huge difference: Hitler acknowledged he was at fault for killing people.
What's the difference between a Trump and an athlete? Athletes  know when to stop running.
Donald Trump Victory Speech "Thank you. Thank you very much, everyone. Sorry to keep you waiting; complicated business; complicated. Thank you very much.  "I've just received a call from Secretary Clinton. She congratulated us, it's about us, on our victory, and I congratulated her and her family on a very, very hard-fought campaign. I mean, she fought very hard. Hillary has worked very long and very hard over a long period of time, and we owe her a major debt of gratitude for her service to our country. I mean that very sincerely.  "Now it's time for America to bind the wounds of division, have to get together. To all Republicans and Democrats and independents across this nation, I say it is time for us to come together as one united people. It's time. I pledge to every citizen of our land that I will be president for all Americans, and this is so important to me.  "For those who have chosen not to support me in the past, of which there were a few people, I'm reaching out to you for your guidance and your help so that we can work together and unify our great country.  "As I've said from the beginning, ours was not a campaign, but rather an incredible and great movement made up of millions of hard-working men and women, who love their country and want a better, brighter future for themselves and for their families. It's a movement comprised of Americans from all races, religions, backgrounds and beliefs who want and expect our government to serve the people - and serve the people it will.  "Working together, we will begin the urgent task of rebuilding our nation and renewing the American dream. I've spent my entire life and business looking at the untapped potential in projects and in people all over the world. That is now what I want to do for our country. Tremendous potential. I've gotten to know our country so well, tremendous potential. It's going to be a beautiful thing. Every single American will have the opportunity to realise his or her fullest potential. The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer.  "We are going to fix our inner cities and rebuild our highways, bridges, tunnels, airports, schools, hospitals. We're going to rebuild our infrastructure, which will become, by the way, second to none. And we will put millions of our people to work as we rebuild it.  "We will also finally take care of our great veterans. They've been so loyal, and I've gotten to know so many over this 18-month journey. The time I've spent with them during this campaign has been among my greatest honours. Our veterans are incredible people. We will embark upon a project of national growth and renewal. I will harness the creative talents of our people and we will call upon the best and brightest to leverage their tremendous talent for the benefit of all. It's going to happen.  "We have a great economic plan. We will double our growth and have the strongest economy anywhere in the world. At the same time, we will get along with all other nations willing to get along with us. We will be. We'll have great relationships. We expect to have great, great relationships. No dream is too big, no challenge is too great. Nothing we want for our future is beyond our reach. America will no longer settle for anything less than the best. We must reclaim our country's destiny and dream big and bold and daring. We have to do that. We're going to dream of things for our country and beautiful things and successful things once again.  "I want to tell the world community that while we will always put America's interests first, we will deal fairly with everyone, with everyone -- all people and all other nations. We will seek common ground, not hostility. Partnership, not conflict.  "And now I'd like to take this moment to thank some of the people who really helped me with this, what they are calling tonight, very, very historic victory. First, I want to thank my parents, who I know are looking down on me right now. Great people. I've learned so much from them. They were wonderful in every regard. I had truly great parents.  "I also want to thank my sisters, Mary Anne and Elizabeth, who are here with us tonight. And, where are they? They're here some place. They're very shy, actually. And my brother Robert, my great friend. Where is Robert? Where is Robert? My brother Robert. And they should all be on this stage, but that's OK. They're great. And also my late brother, Fred. Great guy. Fantastic guy. Fantastic family. I was very lucky. Great brothers, sisters; great, unbelievable parents.  "To Melania and Don, and Ivanka, and Eric and Tiffany and Baron, I love you and I thank you, and especially for putting up with all of those hours. This was tough. This was tough. This political stuff is nasty and it's tough. So I want to thank my family very much. Really fantastic. Thank you all. Thank you all."  (Mr Trump goes on to thank some political allies, such as Rudy Giuliani and Chris Christie, as well as praising the work of police and the secret services.)  "We're going to get to work immediately for the American people. And we're going to be doing a job that hopefully you will be so proud of your president. You'll be so proud. Again, it's my honour. It was an amazing evening. It's been an amazing two-year period. And I love this country. Thank you. Thank you very much."
After Trump is elected President. During a security briefing at the White House, the Defense Secretary breaks some tragic news: "Mr President, three Brazilian soldiers were killed yesterday while supporting U.S. troops."  "My God!" shrieks President Trump, and he buries his head in his hands. He remains stunned and silent for a full minute. Eventually, he looks up, takes a deep breath, and asks the Defense Secretary: "How many is a brazillion?" 
If Trump becomes president... It would be the first instance of a white billionaire kicking a black family out of public housing.
My friends keep saying, "If Trump wins, I'm leaving the country!" But I think Carlos, José, and Alejandro are all talk.
If Trump wins it'll be the greatest upset in US history. More people will be upset than ever before.
What do the Indians, Golden state warriors, &amp; Hillary Clinton have in common? They all blew a 3-1 Lead
History is being made! The first lady in the White House is going to be... ... Bill Clinton!
What does a Trump supporting Matthew Mcconaughey say? Alt Right Alt Right Alt Right!
Donald Trump has announced that he plans to extend his wall across the oceans... This news came after he discovered that a man named Jesus managed to walk on water.
Why does Donald Trump want classical music at his inauguration? He wants to grab them by Debussy.
BREAKING NEWS: Donald Trump does not accept presidential election... Says he doesn't want to move into an estate which previously had black tenants. 
Hillary and Trump both slept in the White house... Just not together
Trump is the new president Its just a bad dream, its just a bad dream... WAKE ME UP GODDAMNIT!!
Well if Trump is a bad president, hopefully by the next election... We'll have 2020 hindsight
Why was Trump excited to move into the Whitehouse? Because he loves kicking black families out of government funded housing!
Trump has become president  THANKS OBAMA...
How did Donald Trump win the presidency? WikiLeaks 
So Trump got elected President Thanks Obama.
They constantly call trump a white supremacist, but how can he be that when he's not even white himself? He is orange.
How to get a date with a Clinton supporter today... Baby, want a tissue?
As I watched the Trump rally on tv I figured out how to cure skin cancer... You just remove the annoying patch of orange skin in the centre.
Donald Trump did and goes to hell Donal Trump dies and goes to hell. When he arrives at the door, the devil said “I don’t know what to tell you. You’re on the list, but there’s no room left. However, there’s three people in here who all were better than you, so, here’s what I’ll do: I’ll show you the three people, and their punishment, and I’ll let you choose which punishment you get. So, the devil opens one door, and Donald looks in. The was Richard Nixon, who dove into a pool of water, then after a few seconds, surfaced with nothing. Donald Trump said “I definitely can’t do this, my hair will get all wet”. “Alright” said the devil, who led him to a second door. Inside was Ronald Reagan with a hammer, who would grab a brick, hit it with a hammer, destroying it, then repeating. Donald Trump said “I can’t do this, either, I have this thing with my shoulder” The devil said “Alright” and led him to the third door. When he opened it, Trump saw Bill Clinton, with his legs tied down in an eagle-spread position. Bent over him was Monica Lewinsky, doing what she does best. Trump said “Oh, yeah, man, I can totally do this”. The devil said “Ok, Monica, you can go!”
Donald Trump personally assured me that he did not collude with the Russians. And he will continue to do so.
The US Postal Service created a stamp with a picture of President Trump However, the stamp wasn't sticking to the envelopes. This enraged the President, who demanded a detailed enquiry into the matter   After weeks of testing and $ 1 million in Congressional spending, a special Presidential commission presented the following findings   "The stamp is in perfect order. There is nothing wrong with the adhesive. It's just that, people are spitting on the wrong side"
If Donald Trump becomes president, and Boris Johnson becomes UK's PM... It'll be like toupees in a pod. 
How many Hillary Clinton's does it take to screw in a light bulb?. How many Hillary Clinton's does it take to screw in a light bulb?  I belive GE is a corner stone of the American economy.
What will Donald Trump say when he pardons someone from deportation? He's the good Juan!
What does Obama call illegal immigrants? Undocumented Democrats
Donald Trump The joke's in the title.
What do Trump voters use as bookmarks? Lit matches.
How will Donald Trump deport 12 million illegal immigrants? Juan by juan.
What Christmas carol will Donald Trump be singing all month? I'm dreaming of a white Christmas
How many Republicans does it take to change a light bulb? None. The Russians did it apparently. 
I finally figured out why Donald Trump married Melania... ...she came from ***YUUUUUUUUUUUUG***oslavia.  ~~(thank you, thank you, I'll be here all week)~~
Donald Trump wants the White House painted. Chinese guy quoted 3 million   European guy quoted 7 million  Indian guy quoted 9 million.  Trump asked Chinese guy how did you quote? He said: 1 million for paint 1 million for labour 1 million profit.   He asked European? He said :  3 million for paint 2 million for labour 2 million profit.   He asked Indian? Indian said: 3 million for me 3 million for you 3 million will give it to the Chinese guy to paint.
Did you hear that Donald Trump plans on banning pre-shredded cheese? He wants to make America grate again. 
The truth about Hillary Clinton [Deleted]
Why has Hillary Clinton ask Santa for a 23 letter alphabet? Because she's sick of F.B.I
What is every Republican's New Favorite Drink? White Russian
What is Donald Trump's favorite drink? White Powerade.
Donald Trump has all the materials he needs to build that wall When he was elected millions of Democrats shit a brick 
What do you call Obama in Antarctica? BRRRR-ack Obama
Donald Trump rear-ended another car while driving... When the cop got to the scene, looked at the front of Trump’s car all smashed into the back of the other, he looked at Trump, and said, “Sir, it looks like you are at fault here for smashing into this car. What do you have to say for yourself?”  Trump just stood there and kept repeating, “NO COLLISION. NO COLLISION.”
Trump's Staff picked their favorite instruments and the choice was unanimous Lyres, all of them
What is the difference between Obama and Trump? One pardons turkey, the other sanctions Turkey.
Donald Trump - “I’m not orange!” “Impeach!”
The moderators of /r/jokes hate it when a joke starts with “Donald Trump.” The punch line should never be in the title.
Donald trump, the pope, Mike Pence, and a third grader are all on a plane about to crash with only 3 parachutes. Mike Pence grabs a parachute and says “My life matters because I am the Vice President of the United States, and that is too important of a position to be given to anyone other than me” before jumping out of the plane.  Donald Trump grabs a bag and says “My life matters because I am the smartest president to ever live, and America would be in chaos without my intellect” before jumping out of the plane.  With only 1 parachute left, the pope turns to the third grader and says to him “little boy, I have lived a mostly full life, while yours is just beginning. Please, take the last parachute and save yourself.” The little boy replies “it’s alright mr. pope, the smartest president to ever live just jumped out of the plane with my backpack, so there’s still 2 parachutes left.”
What do a wet fart and Donald J. Trump have in common? NSFW Both are a major annoyance and full of shit!
Donald Trump is the most easily triggered person in the world... ...giving him the nuclear trigger was inevitable. No one triggers like Trump. 
How many Trumps does it take to change a light bulb? One. He holds it and the world revolves around him.
What do Democrats and Spiders Have in Common? They both spin webs, just the Democrats always seem to get stuck in theirs.
After cancelling Air Force One contract due to high costs, Trump plans to rent out White House on Airbnb While speaking to a media contingent gathered in the lobby of Trump Tower in New York he said, “The White House is ‘hugee’. There are so many rooms and I can’t keep a track of them. I mean we need rooms but not so many. Either we reduce the rooms or add more member to our family. Like adopt a few kids from around the world like Brad and Angelina just to make the White House look more occupied.”   The President had earlier hinted that he along with First Lady Melania Trump would not be spending much time in the White House.   Apparently, Mr. Trump got the idea of putting up White House for rent from Indian PM Narendra Modi. “We came to know that Mr. Modi has been globe trotting since the time he was elected and his official residence is being used as wedding venue. So we thought of doing something similar,” said an official associated with the White House.   Sources also say that it is highly likely that Barack Obama might find his way back to the White House after it gets listed on Airbnb. The Obama’s have however refuted the news.   While speaking to Jimmy Kimmel on his show, Michelle Obama said that she had already packed all her bags and had no intention to stay back. “Do you know how much effort it took me pack those damn bags. Now you say we are going to stay back. Barrack better be sleeping on the couch if he does that,” she said.   Though many are questioning the rationale behind Trumps sudden love for ‘cost cutting’. “There’s more to come and this is just tip of the ice-cream,” he said, with his close aide whispering in Mr. Trumps ears that it’s called iceberg.   Meanwhile, Boeing has hit out at Donald Trump for saying that Air Force One costs were too high and said that the costs in building the air craft were far lesser than what Mr. Trump spends on maintaining his hair.
If you feed Donald Trump after midnight or put him in water what will he turn into? A Kremlin.
What do Donald Trump and JFK have in common? Nothing..  Yet.
What does the Secret Service say when Donald Trump gets shot at? "Donald! Duck!"
Donald Trump has his daily intelligence briefing. "We're almost done, Mr. President-Elect," says the man conducting the briefing, "just one more small piece of information."  "Bring it on."  "5 Brazilian soldiers were killed last night"  "That certainly isn't a good thing," replies Trump, "but if you don't mind, could you refresh my memory on one thing?"  "Of course, Mr. Trump, what do you need?"  "How many is a Brazilian?"
What does the MacBook have in common with Donald Trump? I would tell you....   But I don't compare apples to oranges.
If Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and Bernie Sanders were stuck on an island, who would survive? America
What's the Difference Between Trump and Garbage Garbage can be thrown out
What does Bernie Sanders say when he gets a haircut? Remove only the top 1% please.
What's Donald Trumps's favorite Christmas carol?  White Christmas 
How do you know that ET is a Donald Trump supporter? Because he looks like one.
If you factor in Trumps ancestry, his policies make perfect sense. The German side says "Build a wall!"  The Scottish side says "Well im not paying for it!"
What do Mexicans think about Trump’s border wall? They’ll get over it.
Why does Donald Trump not want to be buried between the tombs of Roosevelt and Eisenhower? He's still alive.
Does anyone know if Donald Trump saw his shadow this morning? Six more weeks of government shutdown coming if he did!
Donald Trump Got Into Politics Too Fast Some may say he was rush'n. 
Hillary's Emails [REMOVED]
My Sex is like Hillary Clinton emails non-existent..
How do know when trump lies? when he tweets
What did Edward Snowden say when he bumped into Barack Obama? Pardon me
What if George Lucas was the new Supreme Court justice? Lucas gets indicted after video surfaces of him tampering with previous decisions he made.
Why did donald trump win the election? people were in a hurry&amp; Russian to place their vote!
If Donald Trump builds a 40 foot wall... The only thing he'll do is create a market for 41 foot ladders.
So why did Ted Cruz pick Carly Fiorina as his VP running mate.... ....because he couldn't get his first choice, the captain of the Titanic.
Donald Trump walks up to President Obama... He asks, "Obama my man, how did you manage to put together such a wonderful team? Tell me your secret."  Obama smiles and replies, "Well, the first thing that you have to do, Mr Trump, is to surround yourself with intelligent people."  "Well how do I do that?" asks Trump.  "Simple," Obama replies. "The way I do it, I always ask them one simple question." He turns around and yells, "Joe! Get in here!" Joe Biden saunters into the the room.  "Joe," Obama says, "Mr Trump here wants to know how I know if someone is intelligent. So let me ask you this: Who is your father's son?"  Joe thinks about it, and replies, "That would be me, Mr President."  Obama nods. "Excellent, that is correct! See, Mr Trump?"  Trump hates to admit it, but he is impressed. "Very good, Mr President," he says. "Thanks for the advice."  Trump returns to his office at Trump Towers and decides to test Mr Obama's method. He picks up the phone and rings Chris Christie. "Hello, Chris?"   "Yes Mr Trump?" says Chris Christie on the other side.  "I want you to answer a simple question. Who is your father's son?"  Chris is perplexed. After a few moments of silence, he replies, "I'll get back to you tomorrow, Mr Trump." and puts down the phone. Worried about disappointing Trump, he calls the smartest person he knows, Bill Gates. He dials Bill Gates' number.   "Hello? Bill?"  "What is it Chris?"  "I need to ask you a question."  Bill Gates gets annoyed. "Look, Chris, no more stupid questions, ok? I have a meeting in 15 minutes and I've got to get ready."  "Right, right," says Chris in a flurry. "Who is your father's son?"  Bill is furious. "IT'S ME OF COURSE YOU FAT PIECE OF SHIT!" he yells and slams down the phone.   The next day, Chris meets Donald Trump for lunch. "So, Chris," says Trump. "You said you'd get back to me on this. Who is your father's son?"  Chris smiles triumphantly. "Why, Mr Trump, it's Bill Gates, of course!" Trump is enraged and slaps him in the face.  "IDIOT!" he yells. "IT'S JOE BIDEN, YOU STUPID SHIT!"  
If the young folk sit in Bernie Sender's corner, and the older folk sit in Hillary Clinton's corner, where do the retarded folk sit? On Reddit, making retarded Trump jokes.  &amp;nbsp;  edit: the sheer number of downvotes shows how true this is. It was a joke but now it's like a statement. GG.
Why is Hillary Clinton just like a man?  Because she won't pull out until she's done.
What does Trump eat for breakfast? Eggs Benedict Arnold  
How does President Donald Trump travels? Obviously uses the 'Hair Force One'
If Donald Trump was an English teacher He would ask you to write a small essay of a million words.
Kim Jong Un sent Donald Trump a letter... to let him know he was still open to denuclearization. Trump opened the letter and found a single-line coded message:  370HSSV - 0773H  Trump was confused, so he asked his aides to figure it out. The aides couldn't understand where the code came from, so they forwarded it to the FBI.   The FBI came back without an answer so they forwarded it to the CIA. The CIA had no idea so they reached out to the MSS (Ministry of State Security in China) for help.  Within a few seconds, MSS wrote back with this reply:  "Tell the President he's holding the message upside down."
Rumor has it there's a basketball court on the roof of the Supreme Court building. It's the highest court in the land. 
Wow, Donald Trump is President. I haven't seen Democrats this mad since.... ...slavery was outlawed and the desegregation of public schools!
The Trump cabinet is truly diverse. I counted at least 3 different shades of white in it. 
Donald Trump's cabinet is so dumb  that I can get a better one at IKEA.
"I forgot Valentines Day," said Donald Trump. "Ivanka's gonna be so pissed."
Lots of rumors that Trump is a functional illiterate, but it's Fake News... He's tremendously dysfunctional, big league. Ok? Ok.
What is the difference between Donald Trump and a second-grader [NSFW] No one wants to fuck Donald Trump.
*Politics* Year 2019, two inmates are talking in a prison: \-  What are you here for?  \- I wrote a comic strip saying that our president was an idiot.  \- Did they charge you under an article for rioting or harassment then?  \- For disclosure of classified information. 
My Mexican friend is pissed about Trump's Wall I think he'll get over it.
What if Trump was a chef? He'd make America grate again.
What happens to Donald Trump when he takes Viagra? Half-Staff, Full Staff, Half-Staff
George Bush dies and goes to hell Satan is already waiting for him.  'Well, I don't know what to do. See, you're on my list, but I have no free rooms for you. But you, you definitely have to stay in hell, so I'll have to find a solution. There are a few people here who aren't as bad as you are... I guess I'll let one go and you'll take their place. However, you can choose whose place you want to take.  'Oh, that sounds okay I guess' says Bush.  Satan leads him to the first room and opens the door. In this room, there's a huge swimming pool. In it, Reagan is drowning. He goes down, then up, then down, then up, and he's gasping for air all the while.  'Oh, no,' says Bush. 'That's not for me, I'm a poor swimmer.'  Satan opens the second door. The room is full of rocks and they see Nixon trying to break up the rocks with a wooden hammer.  'Nah, I have problems with my shoulders and my back, that'd be such a painful thing to do day after day.'  So Satan opens the third door. In the room, they see Clinton lying on the floor, all tied up. Monica Lewinsky is lying on top of Clinton, giving him a blowjob. Bush stares at the scene with a wide smile and says:  'Ah, that I could endure!'  'Alright,' laughs Satan. 'Monica, you're free to go!'
Trump, a charity worker, and a fire fighter are on a plane. The plane loses power and starts to go down.  The pilot comes out and says, "We only have three parachutes! Someone is going down with the plane!"  Trump grabs a chute and says, "I cant die.  I'm the greatest, most intelligent, most beloved person, who knows all the words, and is overall a fantastic human being.". He then jumps out.  The Firefighter laughs and says, "That takes care of the problem."  The charity worker asks, "what do you mean? We only have two chutes left."  The firefighter shakes his head and says, "that idiot grabbed my backpack?" 
Why didn't anyone buy the Trump line of liquor? It was fake booze.
Why did Donald Trump invite Kim Kardashian to talk about prison reform?   Because she's had more black dudes in her than a jail cell.
Why did Donald Trump want to appoint Ivanka the Secretary of State? Because in his line of work, you always get to bang the secretary. 
TIL there is a cocktail named after Donald Trump Moscow Mule
What do you get when Trump bans German automobiles? Better drivers.
If there are two things Trump voters hate... The first is being called, "racist." And the second is black people.
An American, a Russian, and a Chinese man are being driven in their cars when they come across a diverging crossroad. The sign on the right path read, "Capitalism", and the sign on the left says "Socialism".   Without hesitation, the American went down the right path. Things were fine initially, but then there are bumps and cracks on the road and the car shakes and slips on a puddle of oil. The car even gets a blown tire when they run over nails on the road. The American changes the tire and is barely able to continue down the path.   The Russian goes down the left path. The car runs smoothy until the road turns muddy and the car is unable to move forward. He turns the car around and goes back to the crossroads, and takes the right path.   The Chinese man looks back and forth between the signs for a moment, then says to his driver:   "Switch the signs around. Then take the path to socialism."  
Donald Trump doesn't weigh anything. He's rich enough to hire other people to weigh things for him.
President Trump was asked by a reporter if he supports higher education and single mothers. He responded, "Of course I do. Why do you think I've spent so much money at the strip club?"
I'm not surprised Trump hired Elon as his space advisor I always knew a Trump White House would be unspeakably Musk-y!
An airplane was about to crash. There were four passengers on board, Steph Curry, Donald Trump, a little boy, and the Pope... An airplane was about to crash. There were four passengers on board but only three parachutes.  The first passenger said, "I am Steph Curry, the best NBA basketball player. The Warriors and my millions of fans need me and I can't afford to die." So he took the first pack and jumped out of the plane.  The second passenger, Donald Trump, said, "I am the newly-elected US president and I am the smartest president in American history, so my people don't want me to die." He took the second pack and jumped out of the plane.  The third passenger, the Pope, said to the fourth passenger, a 10-year old school boy, "My son, I am old and don't have many years left. You have more years ahead so I will sacrifice my life and let you have the last parachute."  The little boy said, "That's okay, Your Holiness, there's a parachute left for you. America's smartest president took my school bag."
Trump says all Mexican are criminals I'm Mexican and ONLY 3/5 of my uncles have been to jail...
Trump's Secret Service is going to have a problem If someone shoots at him, they will yell "Donald Duck, Donald Duck"
One day, Donald Trump visited an elementary school, to tell the children about his success... One day, Donald Trump visited an elementary school, to tell the children about his success, and to show off his ‘intelligence’.  The schoolchildren were learning vocabulary, specifically the word ‘tragedy’, when the famous businessman stormed into the classroom.  Trump decided to help the children learn the word ‘tragedy’, and asked the following question to them:  “What would be a tragedy, kids?”  A bespectacled boy nervously answers:  “If my best friend died of pneumonia, that would be a tragedy.”  “No, that would be a great loss,” Trump corrects him.  Another shy young child answers:  “If my uncle got hit by a train, that would be a tragedy.”  “No, no, that would be an accident,” Trump replies.  A young girl raises her hand. The wealthy businessman asks her if she’d like to give an example of a tragedy. The girl nods, and says:  “If Mr. Trump was in his private jet, and a missile hit the jet, that would be a tragedy.”  “Yes, that would be a tragedy for sure. Can you tell me why?” The businessman asks.  “Well, it definitely wasn’t a great loss, and I’m not sure if it was an accident, either,” answers the young girl.
My Donald J. Trump doll finally arrived. It was manufactured in China, then shipped to Russia for special handling. 
Hillary raised $380 million more than Trump and still lost. It's the first time in a long time that the big money candidate didn't win...
today, i learned that "Donald Trump" is an anagram of "Tan Dump Lord" ...it's like his parents knew all along
I think the world will be a better place under Donald Trump I just don't know how many humans will be around to enjoy it. 
Donald Trump was receiving his daily report from his Defense Secretary, James Mattis. During the report, Rumsfeld said; “And yesterday, three Brazilian soldiers were killed in Pakistan.” Trump suddenly went pale, put his head in his hands and began to sweat profusely.  His staff were astounded. They had never seen the president react like this to such a small loss. Then, after he had recovered slightly, the president brought his head up and quietly asked the aide next to him, "Just how many in a brazilian?"   Edit: *Weekly* report.
Donald Trump fell on the floor... Donald Trump fell on the flloor, and went unconscious. He woke up being arrested. "What are you doing?!" He said. "You're being arrested for littering."
Donald Trump is getting back into the air travel industry... He's launching...Receding Hairlines
If Trump wins, why should you move to Mexico instead of Canada? Because there'll be an actual wall keeping you from Trump
What is the best Donald Trump joke you've heard? Don’t know if this one is in here yet, but here goes:  Trump is visiting a class in an elementary school where they are talking about words and meanings. The teacher asks Trump if he would like to lead the class in a discussion of the word “tragedy”. (No, not the punch line yet)  So he asks the class for an example of a tragedy. One little boy stands up and offers, “if my best friend who lives on a farm is playing in a field and a runaway tractor comes along and knocks him dead, that’d be a tragedy.”  “Not quite”, says Mr. Trump, “that would be an accident.”  A little girl raises her hand: “if a school bus carrying 50 children drove over a cliff, killing everyone inside, that would be a tragedy.”  “I’m afraid not,” explained the president. “That’s what we would call a great loss.”  The room goes silent. Trump searches the room. “Isn’t there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy? “  Finally at the back of the room, little Johnny raises his hand. In a quiet voice he says, “If Air Force One, carrying you was struck by a missile and blown to smithereens; that would be a tragedy.”  “Fantastic!” exclaimed Mr. Trump. “That’s right. And can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?”  “Well’, said little Johnny, “because it sure as hell wouldn’t be a great loss and probably wouldn’t be an accident either.”
How do we know the bombs yesterday were made by Democrats? Because they didn’t work. 
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a light bulb? None, they are content to wander around in n the dark.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and Cybermen? Cybermen were once human.
How does Trump persuade women he is well hung? Fake Nudes 
Donald Trump asks the Queen the advice Donald Trump meets with the Queen. He asks her, "Your Majesty, how do you run such an efficient government? Are there any tips you can give to me?"  "Well," says the Queen, "the most important thing is to surround yourself with intelligent people."  Trump frowns. "But how do I know the people around me are really intelligent?"  The Queen takes a sip of tea. "Oh, that's easy. You just ask them to answer an intelligence riddle."  The Queen pushes a button on her intercom. "Please send Theresa May in here, would you?"  Theresa May walks into the room. "Yes, my Queen?"  The Queen smiles. "Answer me this, please, Theresa. Your mother and father have a child. It is not your brother and it is not your sister. Who is it?"  Without pausing for a moment, Theresa answers, "That would be me."  "Yes! Very good," says the Queen.  Back at the White House, Trump asks to speak with Vice President Mike Pence.  "Mike, answer this for me. Your mother and father have a child. It's not your brother and it's not your sister. Who is it?"  "I'm not sure," says the Vice President. "Let me get back to you on that one."  Mike Pence goes to his advisers and asks every one, but none can give him an answer. Finally, he ends up in the men's room and recognizes General McMasters' shoes in the next stall.  Mike shouts, "General! Can you answer this for me? Your mother and your father have a child and it's not your brother or your sister. Who is it?  General McMaster yells back, "That's easy. It's me!"  Mike Pence smiles. "Thanks!" and goes back to the Oval Office to speak with Trump.  "Say, I did some research and I have the answer to that riddle. It's General McMaster."  Trump gets up, stomps over to Mike Pence, and angrily yells into his face, "No, you idiot! It's Theresa May!"
At first they thought the bombs came from a Republican. Then they found out they don't work.
President Trump decides to go for joh On the White House lawn, the groundskeeper tells Trump that he oughta try racing around the White House. Groundskeeper: “Every President for decades has raced around the White House. Your predecessor Barack Obama ran the entire race in 10 minutes.” Trump: “That’s nothing! I can beat that! Believe me I’m the fastest president in history.” So Trump runs and does really well. Groundskeeper: “Wow! You did beat Obama, you ran it in 9:45” Trump: “I knew it! I’m the best!” Groundskeeper: “well not quite.... Bush did 9:11”   
President Trump was told there were at least 12 Brazilians in the migrant caravan headed to the Southern border... Mr President turned to his Defense Secretary and whispered: "how much is a brazillion?"
How do you make Trump change a light bulb? You tell him that Obama put it in there
Why does Trump think global warming is a hoax? He's been prepping for nuclear winter.
What's Donald Trump's favorite type of shoe? The Flip-Flop
What's Ivanka Trump's favorite candy? Blow Pop
My wife was talking about Trump's pick for Treasury... "How's he going to reform anything if he surrounds himself with the Wall Street establishment?" she says.   Typical leftist, ignoring the big picture and getting caught up in Mnuchin. 
What is Trumps favorite board game? Checkers, but he will only use the Red disks because he hates the blacks.
How do Mexicans feel about Trump's wall? They'll get over it.
[NSFW] I am sick of people saying Donald Trump doesn't stand behind the people. How else do you fuck someone in the ass. 
What would Obama's campaign slogan be if he confidently ran for office in Japan? Shuriken
In a bold move Kellogg is backing Trump for 2020 and lending Tony The Tiger to tour rallies with Trump. Together they are going to make America grrrreat again.
Hillary and Bernie are on a boat Hillary and Bernie Sanders are on a boat. It's sinking. Who survives?  America survives
Say what you like about Donald Trump You know... while you still can.
Donald Trump loves Latino Culture Just ask him about his favorite band Hispanic! at the Disco.
Worried about his Supreme Court confirmation, Brett Kavanaugh decided to unwind by ordering a 16 year old whiskey. She refused to drink it.
People ask me why I'm a Republican ... I tell them I'm really not that political ...  It's just that I thought it would be better to choose the side with all the guns. 
When asked if they were emotionally disgruntled by Trump's wall, Mexicans responded.. 'Meh, we'll get over it.
How many GOP congressmen does it take to change a light bulb? Doesn't matter, light wasn't burnt out, they haven't had any bright ideas in decades to turn it on. 
Why does Trump take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks!
How many Trumps does it take to screw in a lightbulb? One, because mini hands make light work.
In a parallel universe, Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and Hillary Clinton were applying to be a president. They had to fill out a form. The form asked for their name, sex, birthday, address, religion and so on plus a few essay questions.  Trump wasn't sure how to answer some questions because they seemed too personal, so he peeked at Hilary's form. He saw the first line which said Name: Hilary Clinton. Sex: F. Birthday: Oct 26, 1947.  He then peeked at Obama's form and only saw the top part that said Name: Barrack Obama. Sex: M. Birthday: Aug 4, 1961.  Trump smirked and proudly filled out his form where he wrote Name: Donald Trump. Sex: MWF.
Hillary and Trump jokes [somewhat off topic] I am incredibly sorry if this is against this subreddit's rules. For my English class we are exploring alternative types of text. We had to select five and chose reddit as one because, well you know, you guys are all special ;).  Please give Submit both Trump and Hillary jokes if your have any but please keep them sfw for the most part. I do not intend for this to become a political debate so please don't make it one. Thanks
Dear Mr. Trump, thank you very much For all of the new gifs and new memes last night at the debate.
What's the difference between Trump and a bucket of shit? The bucket.
What communist leader do republicans NOT want to murder? Fetal Castro
Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump are on a deserted island. Who survives? America.
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump walk into a bar QUICK! Bar the door and burn it down!
How did Donald Trump earn his millions? He started with his dad's billions.
If Hillary Clinton was elected, she would have been the first f president. I would say female, but the emale got deleted.
What song does Trump play while going to a Mexican family's house? Ice, Ice, Baby.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a plane crash. Who survives? America.
Governor Cuomo was asked about his stance on the death penalty, he said How far along is the fetus?
Donald Trump and his staff attend a beauty contest. The contestants were not pleased to see his Caucus.
Did you know that trump wants to ban shredded cheese? He wants to make America grate again
Before too long, President Trump will be the most polite guy ever. He'll be saying, "Pardon me, pardon me, pardon me."
Justify, the horse who won the Triple Crown, was invited to the White House by President Trump. He turned down the invitation, saying "if I wanted to see a horse's ass up close I would've come in second."
President Donald Trump is going to launch the "Space Force". Surprising for a guy who hates aliens
Why doesn't Trump have a pet dog at the White House? He only pets pussy.
Trump being elected is proof that we never developed time travel. Today I know why we never developed time travel.
What's im season at the White House Peach
Did you guys hear? Congress disbanded the CIA Because they realized that the American people don't want intelligence to be a part of government 
Trump: "La La Land did win the Oscar for Best Film" "...if you ignore the millions who voted illegally for Moonlight"
What's the difference between Donald Trump and an orange? One is wrinkly, sour, and orange.  The other gets picked by Mexicans.  
What does the Macbook and Donald Trump have in common They're not PC  Edit:(please don't argue in the comments)
I saw Trump posted a link on twitter to an impassioned speech that was supposed to unite the American people and quell any concerns they may have. It's being called the largest mass Rick-Rolling in the history of humanity.
What is the slogan for Christmas '16 in the Trump family? Reason For The Treason.
Why does Donald Trump take Zanax? For Hispanic attacks.
Where does Trump buy the bricks for the Mexican border? At Wallmart  i'll show myself the way out
How many trumpet players does it take to change a lightbulb? 13, 1 to actually do it and the other 12 talk about how much better they could have done it.
If Donald Trump had a sense of humor... he would die laughing after looking in the mirror. 
What do masturbating and being a bad trumpet player have in common? Blow your horn in private, no one wants to see you rehearsing in a public park.
How do you get Donald Trump to visit a memorial in the rain? Tell him the forecasts predict golden showers. 
I posted a "Donald Trump walks into a bar" joke to see if it's going to be labelled as "Politics" or "Walks into a bar". Turns out it's "Religion".
Donald J. Trump walks into a bar... and lowers it
I tried to read Hillary Clinton's Memoir But chapters 10, 11, and 15 were deleted.  
Donald Trump walks into a Bar ...  And lowers it
How do you get Trump to change a lightbulb? Tell him Obama put it in
What's the difference between an Obama lightbulb and a Trump lightbulb? One is bright and flourescent, the other dim and  incandescent.
I recently heard a speech from Jim Towey about his time working in the White House with President Bush he said "now, parking at the White House is always a bit dicey because Vice President Cheney's parking spot wasn't marked and he hated when people parked in it. The first time he had you towed and shouted at you, the second time you parked there he had the secret service run your car over with a tank. The third time...well the third time he'd take you hunting."
Why is Trump excited Russia was banned from the 2018 Winter Olympics? It makes it easier to decide who to cheer for
Whats Trump's favorite christmas song? I'mmmm dreaminggggg of a white country.  Oops. Christmas. I definitely meant Christmas. SAD! #fakenws
What do you call a Republican who can't win an election in Alabama? A sex offender
I'd like to have sex with Sarah Huckabee Sanders . . . no matter how bad it was she would tell everyone it was great. 
President Trump is walking out of the white house heading towards his limo when an assassin steps forward and aims a gun. A secret service agent, new on the job, shouts 'Mickey Mouse!' This startles the would-be assassin and he is captured. Later, the secret service agent's supervisor takes him aside and asks, 'What in the hell made you shout Mickey Mouse?' Blushing, the agent replies, 'I got nervous. I meant to shout 'Donald, duck!'
How many mass shootings does it take to get Donald Trump to interrupt his round of golf? Fore!
I saw Donald Trump in a bar I walked up to him and saw he was with Mike Pence. I asked him what he’s doing and he says “We are plotting how to start WW3.” I say “how would you do it?” He says “kill 2000 Muslims and a sexy blonde girl!” I said “why would you kill a sexy blonde girl?!” He turns to Pence and says “I told you they don’t care about the Muslims!”
We need to start a petition to permanently add President Trump to Mount Rushmore. Not a sculpture of him. Himself.
Dale Earnhardt Jr hates Donald Trump. He is adamantly against the wall. It killed his dad.
Why doesn’t Trump need glasses? Because he’s got 2020.
Trump supporters are weird The more acidic he is, the larger his base grows.
Donald Trump wants to ban shredded cheese... He wants to make America grate again
How will Trump fund the wall? He'll get the money from *wall* street
Why are there no pictures of Ted Cruz holding a baby? They always turn out blurry from him shaking them.
I have a higher IQ than Batman and Donald Trump combined. By the way, Batman has a higher IQ than me.
What does Romney wear in the winter? A pair of Mitts
What's the Difference Between Donald Trump and Steve Jobs? Hey, don't Apple to oranges!
Why do Dale Earnhardt Sr fans hate Trump? Because Trump wants to build a wall... and a wall killed Dale Earnhardt.
What type of book does Donald Trump love reading? MAGAzine
Obama proved a black man can even be president.. And that no matter how high up a black man gets he can't get out of government housing!
Have you heard that Bernie Sanders has started a spa? He puts the "jew" back in rejuvenation!
Tiffany Trump walks into a bar. Who cares?
What is Donald Trump's favorite soccer team? Deportivo.
What are Donald Trump's least favorite SUVs? 4Runners.
Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin and Angela Merkel enter a bar Putin: "I'll have a G&amp;T." Bartender: "What's a G&amp;T?" Putin: "Gin and tonic."  Merkel: "I'll have a V&amp;C." Bartender: "What's a V&amp;C?" Merkel: "Vodka and coke."  Trump: "I'll have a 7&amp;7." Bartender: "What's a 7&amp;7?" Trump: "16." 
Donald Trump is so dumb Donald Trump is so dumb he thinks harass is two words.
How does Trump like to commute to work everyday? By taking the fascist way possible. 
What kind of car does Hillary Clinton drive? A Subaru
What's Donald Trumps favourite album? The Wall.
Hilary Clinton is trying to appear more normal by using the subway... ..., but Bernie Sanders claims she only uses it one tenth of one percent as much as he does.
What Does Trump Say When His PC Crashes? We need to build a Fire Wall!
Hey Trump supporters, can I tell you a joke about the wall? Never mind, you won’t get it. 
How do you bring Democrats and Republicans together? Put a drunk 14 year old between them. 
Trump legalizes marijuana to pay for the wall with the tax revenues. This really stirred the pot. 
If congress approves funding for the wall ... ... Mexico will get a wall and the USA will pay for it.
Q: Why doesn’t our democratic society permit a man to have 2 wives? A: Because our laws protect us against cruel and unusual punishment.
I‘ve asked Alexa about all of Donald Trumps false claims. She‘s been talking for three days now.
What kind of trees are Trump supporters? Walnuts
Trump's favorite movie? Wall-e
What do Donald Trump and I have in common? Our walls are both emotional, and imaginary.
I don't trust Trump for the same reason I dont trust JFK I can't trust a man without a brain. 
TMZ has reported that they have explicit pictures of Donald Trump. They plan to publish the pictures online starting tomorrow.   When ask for comment the President just said, “Fake nudes”.
Trump’s wall is like his approval ratings They’re both never going up
What's a pallindrome, Trump-style? A man. A plan.  A canal.  Panama Papers.
What did Trump say when he couldn't find his Viagra? "The erection is rigged!"
When Trump bangs a supermodel He closes his eyes and imagines he's jerking off.
What is the favorite snack of a non Trump supporter? Cuckies and milk. 
It's going to be easy for Trump to build that wall... ... everyone's shitting bricks everywhere
I listen to trump rallies before I go to bed They're all white noise.
If Donald Trump becomes president. He shouldn't build a really tall wall, he should just build a wall with a water-activated adhesive. Then when the Mexicans try to hop the border, their backs will just get stuck.
What's Trump's favorite kind of pasta? Rig-atoni.
What do you call an arrogant trumpet player? A brass-hole. 
Clones of Donald Trump in a German labor camp. Orange Jews, from concentrate.
What's Donald Trumps favourite album? "The Wall" by Pink Floyd
How would Donald Trump win a gold medal at an Olympic race? Be dropped at the finish line by a Russian helicopter, still come in second, and then declare himself the winner anyway.  (LOL@ massive downvoting - are you Trumpies *still* triggered by seeing your Glorious Leader laughed at?  Even in "victory," you're still losers.)
I didn't vote for Trump, but at least Now I get to find out how He's going to Build That Wall and make Mexico pay for it.
How does Trumpler explain taking power despite being rejected by over a million votes? "It's like with a woman - No means Yes."
What did the Miss Teen USA contestant say to Donald Trump? Are you grabbing it yet??
Some people are talking about how scary Donald Trump as president is... He isn't scary. President Rushmore was scary, he had four heads!
Why do Trumpler supporters think he's honest? He told them he would be "fourthreich" and they misheard.
News: Hillary Clinton concedes her defeat to Donald Trump in a private phone call. Safe to say she's learned her lesson with emails!
"Of course I have a mandate!" Donald Trumpler shrieked at reporters. "Master Putin is picking me up tonight for dinner and dancing."
What will be served at Trump's inagural dinner? Crackers.
All of Congress is kidnapped A driver was stuck in a traffic jam on the highway outside Washington, DC.  Nothing was moving.  Suddenly, a man knocks on the window. The driver rolls down the window and asks, "What's going on?"  "Terrorists have kidnapped the entire US Congress, and they're asking for a $100 million dollar ransom. Otherwise, they are going to douse them all in gasoline and set them on fire.  We are going from car to car, collecting donations."  "How much is everyone giving, on an average?" the driver asks.  The man replies, "Roughly a gallon."
Multivariate calculus is to be put on all college entrance exams under Trump's new education plan. Trump wants to make America gradient again.
A blue man lives in a blue house, A red man lives in a red house, and a black man lives in a black house. Who lives in the white house? An orange man.
Trump is NOT a baby. A baby wets its own bed.
Donald trump, in an attempt to appeal to younger voters, is attempting to use the nostalgia card. Somebody really needs to tell him that we collected Beanie-Babies not beaner babies.
I'm really sick of everyone saying Republicans don't care about minorities... They're the only ones looking out for the 1%.
Trump has 2 fax machines at the oval office: a main fax and an alternative fax
I applied for a job as a Congressional Press Aide last week. I received a phone call this morning from the congressman’s office. They told me that: “Your resume is full of exaggerations, distortions, half-truths, and lies. Can you start work Monday?”
The blue man lives in the blue house, the yellow man lives in the yellow house, the purple man lives in the purple house. Who lives in the White House? The orange man.
Trump and Clinton walk into a bar.. [Long] Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk in to a bar. Donald leans over, and with a smile on his face, says, "The media is really tearing you apart for that Scandal."Hillary: "You mean my lying about Benghazi?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "You mean the massive voter fraud?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "You mean the military not getting their votes counted?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "Using my secret private server with classified material to Hide my Activities?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything Else?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, Hiring Cronies, And taking bribes from foreign countries?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "You mean the drones being operated in our own country without The Benefit of the law?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it Declared Bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?"Trump: "No the other one:"Hillary: "Turning Libya into chaos?"Trump: "No the other one:"Hillary: "Being the mastermind of the so-called “Arab Spring” that only brought chaos, death and destruction to the Middle East and North Africa?"Trump: "No the other one:"Hillary: "Leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi?"Trump: "No the other one:"Hillary: "Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?"Trump: "No the other one:"Hillary: "The funding and arming of terrorists in Syria, the destruction and destabilization of that nation, giving the order to our lapdogs in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to give sarin gas to the "moderate" terrorists in Syria that they eventually used on civilians, and framed Assad, and had it not been for the Russians and Putin, we would have used that as a pretext to invade Syria, put a puppet in power, steal their natural resources, and leave that country in total chaos, just like we did with Libya?Trump: "No the other one:"Hillary: "The creation of the biggest refugees crisis since WWII?"Trump: "No the other one:"Hillary: "Leaving Iraq in chaos? "Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "The DOJ spying on the press?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 Months Later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "The NSA monitoring citizens' ?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "You mean the INSIDER TRADING of the Tyson chicken deal I did where I invested $1,000 and the next year I got $100,000?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "You mean when Bill met with Attorney General, Loretta Lynch, just before my hearing with the FBI to cut a deal?"Trump" "No, the other one."Hillary: " You mean the one where my IT guy at Platte River Networks asked Reddit for help to alter emails?"Trump" "No, the other one."Hillary: "You mean where the former Haitian Senate President accused me and my foundation of asking him for bribes?"Trump" "No, the other one."Hillary: "You mean that old video of me laughing as I explain how I got the charges against that child rapist dropped by blaming the young girl for liking older men and fantasizing about them. Even though I knew the guy was guilty?Trump" "No, the other one."Hillary: "You mean that video of me coughing up a giant green lunger into my drinking glass then drinking it back down?"Trump" "No, the other one."Hillary: "You mean that video of me passing out on the curb and losing my shoe?"Trump" "No, the other one."Hillary: "You mean when I robbed Bernie Sanders of the Democratic Party Nomination by having the DNC rig the nomination process so that I would win?"Trump" "No, the other one."Hillary: "You mean how so many people that oppose me have died in mysterious was?"Trump" "No, the other one."Hillary: "Travel Gate? When seven employees of the White House Travel Office were fired so that friends of Bill and mine could take over the travel business? And when I lied under oath during the investigation by the FBI, the Department of Justice, the White House itself, the General Accounting Office, the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee, and the Whitewater Independent Counsel?"Trump" "No, the other one."Hillary: "The scandal where, (while I was Secretary if State), the State Department signed off on a deal to sell 20% of the USA's uranium to a Canadian corporation that the Russians bought, netting a $145 million donation from Russia to the Clinton Foundation and a $500,000 speaking gig for Bill from the Russian Investment Bank that set up the corporate buyout?. That scandal?"Trump" "No, the other one."Hillary: "That time I lied when I said I was under sniper fire when I got off the plane in Bosnia?"Trump" "No, the other one."Hillary: "That time when after I became the First Lady, I improperly requested a bunch of FBI files so I could look for blackmail material on government insiders?"Trump" "No, the other one."Hillary: "That time when Bill nominated Zoe Baird as Attorney General, even though we knew she hired illegal immigrants and didn't pay payroll taxes on them?"Trump" "No, the other one."Hillary: "When I got Nigeria exempted from foreign aid transparency guidelines despite evidence of corruption because they gave Bill a $700,000 in speaking fees?"Trump" "No, the other one."Hillary: "That time in 2009 when Honduran military forces allied with rightist lawmakers ousted democratically elected President Manuel Zelaya, and I as then-Secretary of State sided with the armed forces and fought global pressure to reinstate him?"Trump: "No, the other one."Hillary: "I give up! ... Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware, when Bill left Office?"Trump: "THAT'S IT! I almost forgot about that one!!
Did you hear Trump's children will be outside security advisors? Trump Don-un and Trump Don-il will serve our country well.
Why do Japanese doctors always give Donald Trump viagra? "Unelected" sounds different to Japanese speakers.
If Donald Trump wins I'm going back to Africa For some political stability..
So Trump believes white people in America need to be protected from being overrun by immigrants. That the government need to provide livelihood and a safe place to live and bring up their own. Seems like all he wants to do is to turn America into a Reservation for White people.
Donald Trump is so bankrupt... that he is down to his last Pence. 
Obama will NOT leave any stationery in the white house for Trump.     After all Trump is bringing his own pence
I hear Donald Trump has been endorsed by the Roman Catholic Church He's called for a ban on contraception. He wants to make America mate again
Senate: Red House: Red Supreme Court: Red President: Orange
Donald Trump is the new US President. Finally, the apprentice becomes the master.
Why was the Republican Party renamed the Birthday Party? Because they've got a clown in charge. 
Do you know what's more secure than clinton's email servers? What the nintendo switch is.
LA has come up with a safe space, for people that voted for Trump And they're calling it Texas
what does donald trump do with the nuclear missiles when he doesn't want to have them anymore fire them
And the winner of the 2016 presidential election is Hillary! - Steve Harvey
Donald Trump thinks Mexicans are deplorable. Oops sorry I meant deportable.
Why were Democrats in the lead early on? Republicans weren't off of work yet.
What will President Trump probably be known for most? Having the smallest hands of any president
Donald Trump, George Zimmerman, and DJ Khaled walk into a bar. Said bar is immediately shut down; State law bans brothels and with three massive attention whores in one room they kinda have no choice.
What's a Democrat's favorite genre of music? Progressive rock.
Donald Trump went into a pub in Scotland. "What would you recommend for this tee-total American?" he asked the barman. "Tampons," came the reply.
Did you hear about the cat that wanted to be a justice on the Supreme Court? Just kitten.
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting millions of illegal immigrants? Juan by Juan
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and an acronym? An acronym stands for something
Melania Trump dies and goes to heaven... She approaches the the gates where he meets a guard.  The guard says "to get in, all you have to do is spell the word that I give you."  She responds: "okay... What's the word"  The guard asks her to spell "love."  She says "L - O - V - E," *enters heaven*  After a short time, God calls the guard and asked to speak to him. So the guard asks Melania to watch the gate for a few minutes.  While she guards the gate, Donald Trump shows up.  He informs her that he was in a car accident on his way to her funeral.  Melania says "all you need to do to get in is spell the word that I give you."  Trump: "what's the word?"   Melania: "spell Czechoslovakia"
Coming from a Chinese person, Trump's wall totally works. I can confirm there are no Mexicans in China.
If i had a penny for every Donald Trump joke made right now I would have a pence
Trump wants to go to the moon within the next 5 years. If everyone donates a dollar, we can shoot him up today.
Why did Trump choose Mike Pence as Vice President? To make sure that no one would assassinate him.
What do you call someone in the White House who is honest, ethical, intellectual, law abiding, and truthful? A tourist
Hillary Clinton wants the President held accountable for his sexual abuses Monica Lewinski said #metoo
Hitler and Trump are very similar but Atleast hitler knew when to kill himself 
Why did President Clinton name his dog Buddy instead of Spot? Why did President Clinton name his dog Buddy instead of Spot?  Because he didn't want people running around the White House saying, ''come Spot, come Spot!''
How do we know the Russians love Republicans? They went to Jared. 
I want to be as rich as Trump, where my actual job is... to cover-up how much money I really have. 
Hillary Clinton wants the President held accountable for his sexual abuses. Monica Lewinksi said "It was consenu-anal"
You can really see how much Trump cares about creating jobs in this country  The White House seems to always be hiring.
George W Bush, Barack Obama, and Trump all die and go to heaven. Upon arriving, God asks them respectively what they believe in.  Bush said he believes in American exceptionalism, the right to bear arms, and the free market.  God said alright, you can take this seat to my right.  Obama said he believes in everyone having Healthcare, equal rights for all, and sustainability.  God invited him to take the seat to His left.  Trump said "I believe you're in my seat" 
Trump cuts a deal after impeachment He gives up his fortune, is not allowed to work or invest in any industry that he was previously in, and only has a very minimal amount of money to get himself started.  Everybody thought he would end up under a bridge or jumping off a bridge in no time, but love him or hate him, he is one stubborn, determined sonofabitch.  He opens up a small business, something he never even imagined all these years ago, but thinks he can still apply his core values to, bungee jumping.   The day comes he is ready to open, so he brings his sign out the front. Bungee jumping: Adults $400, Children $300. Black's and Mexicans: free, no strings attached.
A little known fact about president Trump is that he’s an avid Fortnite fan What with all the walls being built
How did Hillary Clinton lose the 2016 presidential election? She was Trumped.
What's the difference between Trump and a Flying Pig? The letter 'F'. 
What is President Trump's least favorite rock band? Foreigner. 
Why does Donald Trump want to build a wall? Because of his panic attack
amid mounting investigations, the White House changed all printers to use 8.5x14 size paper... ...so they could right away answer "Yes", if investigators were to find hidden documents and ask "is this legal?"
What movie best describes the Trump Administration? Alien vs. Predator.
Trump is going to ban pre shredded cheese He wants to make america grate again
President Donald Trump and his driver were cruising along a country road one night President Donald Trump and his driver were cruising along a country road one night when all of a sudden they hit a pig, killing it instantly. Trump told his driver to go up to the farmhouse and explain to the owners what had happened. About one hour later Trump sees his driver staggering back to the car with a bottle of wine in one hand, a cigar in the other and his clothes all ripped and torn. "What happened to you?" asked Trump "Well, the Farmer gave me the wine, his wife gave me the cigar and his 19-year-old daughter made mad passionate love to me." "My God, what did you tell them?" asks Trump. The driver replies, "I'm president Donald Trump's driver, and I just killed the pig."
Trump said global warming was a hoax and he could easily make temperatures "the lowest ever recorded" this summer. So he switched the US to Celsius.
Trump ran on wanting to build a wall. And I think that’s his one good idea, because walls work. It’s irrefutable. I was in China last year. I didn’t see one Mexican.  &amp;#x200B;  \- Jimmy Carr
President Trump announces ban on pre-shredded cheese When asked about this decision, he was quoted as saying "Make America Grate Again!"
I finally understand the difference between capitalism, libertarianism, and socialism. Capitalists hire libertarians to say socialism is bad. Socialists say capitalism is bad for free. And libertarians will say everyone else is bad as long as they get paid.
What is President Trump's most talked about, but least favorite, book store? Borders
What is the difference between a White House and a White Castle? The White Castle is actually open.
Steve Jobs could’ve been a better president than Trump But it’s pointless comparing apples to oranges
What do you call the people that Trump didn't pick to be in his cabinet? Qualified.
People say Obama was the first black president. But that is a lie, the first black president was Cory from Cory in The House
Trump chose his Secretary of Defence But who will be Secretary of De Wall?
Why did Donald Trump assemble a Men in Black team? Because the Men in Black remove aliens.
What's the difference between Obama and King Joffrey? One is an angry, petulant child ruler. The other is a Lannister.
Donald Trump was my Reddit Secret Santa this year... ...and I'm already bankrupt.
What do the new iPhones and Donald Trump have in common? They both have "Force Touch".
What do whiteblood cells and Trump have in common? They hate foreigners.
US Congress! Late one night a mugger wearing a mask stopped a well-dressed man and stuck a gun in his ribs. "Give me your money," he demanded. Scandalized, the man replied, "You can’t do this – I’m a US Congressman!" "Oh! In that case," smiled the robber, "Give me MY money!"  
If trump doesn't get the Republican nomination There will be hell toupe   (Converted from another joke found in this board!)
Hillary Clinton was being driven in a private limo to a rally... ... when suddenly, the car hit a large and old-looking cow.   The driver got out and checked to see if it was dead. After confirming the death, he saw the tag on it that said it belonged to a nearby farm. He told Hillary Clinton that he would be going over to the farm to tell the farmers what happened.  About an hour later, he returned. His clothes were messed up, he was covered in lipstick, he had an expensive cigar in his mouth, and in both hands were two full bottles of the most expensive champagne ever.  "What happened?", Hillary asked.  "When I went to the farm, they eagerly invited me in. Then, the husband gave me this cigar, the wife gave me the wine, and their two daughters gave me the best sex of my life!", the driver said with a huge smile on his face.  "What did you say to them?", Hillary asked.  "I said, 'I'm Hillary Clinton's driver and I just killed the old cow', and the rest happened so quickly I couldn't do anything!"
So I read today that Trump is meeting with the North Koreans. He's really taking this "Modern Day Nixon" thing seriously, I guess...
I see why Trumps doing a lot of stuff now... Because it's too cold to play golf.
Why will Congress never impeach Trump? Republicans insist on carrying a baby to full term, even if it was a drastic accident.
Trump's best joke to date: "I won't rule out direct talks with Kim Jong Un. I just won't"  ...  "As far as the risk of dealing with a madman is concerned, that's his problem, not mine,  
Bill Clinton gets a new receptionist Bill Clinton gets a new, hot receptionist in the white house. She is setting up her desk when all of a sudden the intercom buzzes  Bill: "Hey baby, could you come in here for a second? I want to show you my new clock."  Secretary: "yes sir, ill be right there"  She opens the door and Bill is standing on his desk, swinging his dick around in a circle. She is completely caught off guard.  Secretary: "Mr. Clinton, that is not a clock!!"   Bill: "It will be if you put a face and two hands on it"
Trump's clock A man dies. When he arrives at the gates of Heaven, Saint Peter is welcoming him.   The saint started to walk him throug heavens, where he could eat, sleep, and all the other pleasures heaven has to offer. At one point, they reached a room full of clocks. Most of them were moving, but all on a different speed. The man asked Peter "What are these clocks?" and Peter smiled "These are lying-clocks. Whenever a person lies, his clock will go forth one second. Look, there is Jesus clock, it still stands at midnight. There, Mother Theresa, just 3 seconds in, and there Gandhi, not even 5 seconds."   The man walked amazed through the room, but at one point he turned around "Hey, where is Trump's clock?? "Trump? Well, our ventilation broke down, so we use his as blower."
Why do the Trump Centipede's go by "'Pede's"? Because they don't have any sense.
Why did Trump cross the road? Nobody knows, but CNN reported that it was racist and caused a protest.
What is Trump's least favorite band? Foreigner.
Hillary Clinton would've been the first F president I would've said female, but she deleted the email.
What do you need to make a Trump Sandwich? 2 White Bread  5 lbs Bologna  .5 lb Russian Dressing  Small Pickle 
Tonight I'm going to make dinner Trump style! Many sides!
Trump had cue cards prepared for the press conference today, but he forgot his glasses... He could Nazi what they said.
Supreme Court Is just regular court with sour cream and tomatoes. 
President Trump... President Trump decides to fly to Mexico to discuss the wall with Mexico's president. Things aren't going well because Mexico's president refuses to pay for the wall. They decide to get out for some air to discuss things rationally on one of Mexico's beautiful beaches.  As they walk along, they come across a lantern poking out of the sand. Trump eagerly picks it up and rubs it.   A genie pops out and tells both men they each get one wish. Trump shouts- "ME FIRST!"   The genie nods.   "I want a giant, 1,000' impenetrable wall built between Mexico and the United States! No- wait! Let's go bigger! I want it to encircle the entire country! Screw Canada too! And we'll never be attacked from the oceans! That's what I want! I'm tired of dealing with assholes like this guy." he says pointing to Nieto.   The genie nods. "It is done." Then he looks at Mexico's president. "And you, sir?"   Nieto smiles: "Fill it with water."
Who will be in charge of Trump's border wall? The Secretary of Da' Fence! 
Why do Opera singers like strumpets (prostitutes)? Because they'll do anything for a tenner.
Why did the FBI go to question Sarah Palin while investigating Trump's collusion? Because she can see Russia from her house.
When Trump finally does drop dead  researchers will open his brain so they can determine "what was the real cause of this man's insanity". To their surprise they will find a hamster, who after many years of running on his wheel, was finally granted his sweet release to pass over to the next world.
Trump just tweeted... Seahorses will now be banned from serving in the cavalry.
I saw 3 guys beating up Donald Trump and went to help... Theres no chance he could fight all four of us. 
What did Donald Trump say when he learnt black and white weren’t real colours? Fake hues
BREAKING: Tragedy Strikes the Nation as Donald J. Trump Was Found in the White House... ...Alive and Still President of the U.S.
Whats Donald Trumps favorite nut? A walnut
What’s the difference between Trump and a stripper?  Strippers climb polls. 
I'd make a joke about trump having normal sized hands... But it'd probably be too heavy handed.
Donald Trump was discussing the war in Afghanistan with his generals... Donald Trump was discussing the war in Afghanistan with his generals, when one of them mentioned that 15 Brazilian troops would arrive in Kabul by the end of the month. "That's great," said Trump, "positively phenomenal. Remind me, how much is a Brazillion?"
This year, the White House's Memorial Day Barbecue will be serving sliders... Or as Trump calls them, "regular-sized hamburgers."
Steve is now out of the White House. It looks like Donald Trump decided to put a Bannon him.
Trumpets and Guns In a small town, a man just opened a small store selling trumpets and guns.  One day his neighbor pays him a visit and says, "So how is your strange business going?"  "What do you mean strange?"  "Because you sell only trumpets and guns!"  "So?"  "Well, let me put it this way, what do you sell the most, trumpets or guns?"  "It evens itself out. Each time a customer buys a trumpet, one of his neighbors buys a gun."
Why did Trump get mad at his keyboard? There was no alt on the right. 
How many trumpet players does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 10; 1 to do it, and 9 to stand around and say how much better of a job they could have done.
What do Trump and a Jack-o-Lantern have in common? Both are hollow, orange, and need to be thrown out by early November.
why did Trump deport Joseph in the Bible? Because he was a dreamer.
Trump's plan for global warming: nuclear winter. 
If President Trump passes away while in office, he will never admit it because... ...he'll continue tweeting denials about it from the grave:  ===  ---  &gt;&gt;###Yes, it is true - Tupac Shakur, the great Afro-American musician, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!  &gt;&gt;— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 28, 2017  ---  ===  ---  &gt;&gt;###VERY dishonest coroner's report says I died. How crooked are they. Why did they only complain after Hillary lost? #msnbclies  &gt;&gt;— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 28, 2017  ---
How do you back Donald Trump into a driveway? "You're alt right, You're alt right, You're alt right"
Trump just struck a deal with Carrier to save US jobs by paying them tax money to send jobs to Mexico.  Yeah, it's not funny but it's still a fucking joke.
Obama, Clinton and Trump were flying in Air Force One. After a few too many drinks, Trump ended up flying the plane and they had landed in Pyongyang.  In the commotion following the surprise landing, all three of them passed out from the alcohol.  The following day, all three of them woke up in the the guest room of the presidential palace.  When they left the room, they were escorted by North Korean women in traditional outfits to the presidential dining room.  There in the dining room, eating a bowl of Booty'Os was none other than the North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un himself.  "Good morning," The North Korean Leader looked up from his cereal, "Welcome to North Korea."  Obama, Clinton and Trump started to realise at this moment that they have fucked up.  "Please have a seat," The North Korean Leader gestured, "It is not every day we have honored guests such as you three."  The three of them nervously took a seat at the table.  As soon as they sat down, the North Korean servers placed bowls of cereals in front of them.  "Please, eat." The North Korean Leader smiled at his guests, "I don't like to talk business on an empty stomach"  Obama, Clinton and Trump nervously started to eat their bowl of cereal.  Except for the occasional clanging of a spoon hitting a bowl and the sound of muffled munching, it was awkwardly quiet in that room.  When they finished, the servers came in and cleared the table.  Kim Jong-un looked around the table as Obama, Clinton and Trump nervously avoided eye contact with him.  "I am not booty." The North Korean Leader suddenly said, "I will give you a chance to leave North Korea alive."  "Anything!" Clinton exclaimed, "I'll do anything!"  "I'll pay you!" Trump intervened, "I'll finish your hotel for you for free! I'll even send my son over to manage it!"  "With all due respect Mr Kim," Obama said calmly, "Will you two please shut the fuck up!" As he glared at Clinton and Trump.  "You were talking about a chance Mr Kim," Obama continued, "Please elaborate."  "A contest, Mr Obama." The Leader explained, "If you win. I let you leave."  "Alive?"  "Alive."  "And the media?"  "You landed a fucking jumbo jet literally in my backyard," The Leader pointed to the window, "it is best the media be kept in the dark."  The three of them stretched their necks and saw Air Force One majestically sitting in a grass field surrounded by millitary personnel.  They looked at each other and nodded.  "Mr Kim," Obama continued, "What do you propose?"  "A dick measuring contest." The Leader smiled.  "What?"  "A literal dick measuring contest. We measure our penises."  "Okay....."  "If the length of all three of your penises combined is longer than the length of my penis, I let you go."  "All three?"  "Yes. All three."  The three of them looked at each other.  A smile formed on Obama's face,  Clinton looked relaxed but Trump was looking a bit more nervous.  "Mr Kim, we accept." Obama spoke confidently.  "I knew you would!" Kim Jong-un replied joyfully, "Bring out the presidential ruler!"  The presidential ruler was laid on the dining table.  "Let the measuring begin!" The Leader exclaimed.  The leader stepped up to the table and began unzipping his pants.  "Let me show you why they call me Glorious Leader," he smirked.  With a resounding thud, The Leader dropped his pants and laid his thick girthy veiny penis on the table.  "Twent mother-fucking inches bitches!" The Leader pronounced proudly, "Believe that, babygirl."  Obama's jaw dropped.  Clinton was gobsmacked.  Trump slumped in his chair.  Obama looked at Clinton and Trump, "Don't worry. We've got this."  He stepped up to the table as The Leader struggled to get his python back into his pants.  "Ladies and Gentlemen, may I present to you, PotPotUS."  Obama dropped his pants and laid his penis on the table.  "Eleven inches bitch." Obama smiled at Clinton and Trump. "We've got this."  A smile began to form on Clinton's face.  Trump still looked worried.  "My turn!" Clinton gleefully said.  Lining up at the table Clinton unleashed a girthy, circumcised veiny penis with a white shaft and a pink head.  "Nine fucking inches baybeeeee!" Clinton shouted proudly.  "That's twenty inches!" Obama jumped out of his chair.  "One more inch and we go home!"  All the eyes in the room were now on Trump.  Trump nervously shuffled to the table and taking deep heavy breaths.  He took one final breath and dropped his pants, his face red with concentration.  "One Inch!" The entire room shouted in unision.  The Leader fell back to his chair with a defeated look on his face.   As promised, The Leader allowed Obama, Clinton and Trump to leave North Korea.  Later on, in Air Force One, the three of them started to recount the day's events.  "You motherfuckers are alive because of me." Obama boasted, "If not for my eleven inches of pure American muscle, we would be dead right now."  Clinton chimed in, "Hey, my nine inches also had something to do with it,  unlike someone," turning a sarcastic gaze at Trump.  Trump stared at at Clinton and suddenly exploded, "Shut the fuck up Hillary! If I didn't have a hard-on, we'd be dead."
Donald Trump is really getting into the Christmas spirit. Earlier today he was heard singing "I'm dreaming of a whites only christmas."
Trump supporters are much more likely to survive a zombie apocalypse Because zombies only go after people with brains.
It's weird Hollywood hates Trump Considering Oscar is a tiny gold man that has historically overlooked minorities 
Why can't you compare Donald Trump with Steve Jobs That'll be like comparing apples and oranges
What's common between an alien and an intelligent trump supporter? Everyone's heard of them, but no one has actually seen them.
Donald Trump's advisers worry he could lose support from his base, so they suggested he change his hairstyle to better connect with white, rural voters... ...he's going to mullet over.
Every time Ted Cruz says something... is a Ted talk
Donald Trump doesn't believe in the eventual flooding of the coasts due to climate change apparently he doesn't think America can sink any lower either.
Can't believe my grandpa is going to vote Republican this November!! He never would have done that while he was alive!
If you're worried about your kids having sex while still in high school, just have them learn trumpet and join all the school bands. Worked like a fucking charm for my parents :( 
Wow I'm shocked for the first time my grandpa voted Democrat! He never would have done that when he was alive!
Trump should not have said "shit-hole countries". The correct term is "Turd World Countries".
A six-year-old girl runs into her backyard and sees her neighbor raking leaves... She runs to him and says proudly “My mommy taught me all about politics today!”  “That’s great!  So are you a Republican or a Democrat?” he asks.   “A demmycrat!”  “Why’s that?”  “Well, demmycrats believe in helping the poor. So they take some money from everyone and give it to people that don’t have any money for food and clothes and toys and stuff.”  “That’s nice.”  “Yep!  So when I grow up, I’m going to get a job, pay my taxes, and the money will help poor people, like that man who stands outside the grocery store with the big beard and dirty coat and coin cup!”  “Why wait until then?  Take my rake and finish up with all these leaves.  Then I’ll give you ten dollars, and you can take some of it and find the guy with the big beard and the dirty coat, and put the money in his coin cup.”  The little girl’s eyes light up and she grabs the rake excitedly.  But then she pauses.   “Wait. Why doesn’t he rake the leaves, then you can just give HIM the money?”  The man takes the rake back.   “Congratulations, now you’re a Republican.”
Bush, Clinton, Obama, and Trump decided to have a race. Trump went first. He finished the race in 10 minutes and 30 seconds. Obama did a bit better. His time was 10 minutes and 14 seconds. Clinton came in 9 minutes and 49 seconds. And Bush did 9:11.  
Trump launch a military campaign against Syria Operation Desert Stormy
Trump, Putin, and Merkel are walking along a beach, arguing over whose Navy is the best. Donald Trump says, “The US Navy is the best navy! We have submarines that can stay underwater for a whole year without resupplying!”  “I’ve got you beat,” Putin replies. “Russian submarines can stay underwater for ten years without ever resupplying!”  Merkel is about to respond, but she is interrupted by a splashing in the water. Suddenly, a massive iron ship surfaces and a bedraggled man hops out of it.  “Heil Hitler!” The man says. “Which way to Berlin?”
Donald Trump visits Jerusalem Donald Trump goes on a fact finding visit to Israel.  While he is on a tour of Jerusalem he suffers a heart attack and dies.   The undertaker tells the State Department officials accompanying him, " You can have him shipped home for $50,000, or you can bury him here, in the Holy Land for $100. "    The Americans go into a corner and confer for a few minutes. They come back to the undertaker and tell him they want him shipped home.   The undertaker is puzzled and asks, "why would you spend $50,000 to ship him home, when it would be wonderful to be buried here, and you would only spend $100? "   The Americans reply, " Long ago a man died here, was buried here, and three days later he rose from the dead. We just can't take that risk."  
White House Lawn Vandalized Donald Trump steps out onto the White House lawn in the dead of winter. Right in front of him, on the lawn, he sees "Donald Trump Sucks" written in urine across the snow.  Well, he's is pretty ticked off.    He storms into his security staff's HQ, and yells "Somebody wrote an insult in the snow on the front damn lawn! And they wrote it in urine! Whoever did it had to be standing right on the porch when he did it! Where were you guys?!" The security guys stay silent and stare ashamedly at the floor.    Trump hollers "Well dammit, don't just sit there! Get out and find out who did it! I want an answer, and I want it tonight! The entire staff immediately jump up and race for the exits.    Later that evening, his chief security officer approaches him and says: "Well Mr. President, we have some bad news and we have some really bad news.    Which do you want first?"    Trump says "Give me the bad news first."    The officer says "Well, we took a sample of the urine and tested it. The results just came back, and it was Mike Pence's urine."    Trump says "Oh my god, I feel so... so... betrayed! My own vice president! Damn. … Well, what's the really bad news?"    The officer replies "Well, it's Melania's handwriting
What’s Donald Trump’s favorite Sean Paul song? Deport Them
Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump are discussing their countries, and decide to have a contest to see whose soldiers are more obedient.  They are in a hotel at the top of a mountain near a cliff.  Vladimir Putin instructs a soldier to run and jump off the cliff. The soldier says "Please Putin, I have a wife and children!" Putin lets him go.  Donald Trump instructs a soldier to jump. The soldier runs to jump off the cliff. Putin grabs him before he can, telling him not to jump. The soldier says "Please Putin, I have a wife and children!"  
It's still hard to take Trump seriously. For some reason I get the feeling he's just Putin us on.
Obama was the Antichrist &amp; Trump is a facist dictator Either America has grown more tolerant or liberals don't believe in the Antichrist.
The only thing smaller than Donald Trump's hands... The only thing smaller than Donald Trump's hands is Donald Trump's heart!
Why did Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quit the Trump advisory council? He couldn't get a ride...
Trump is doing something that no one, in the history of democracy, is known to have done before: He's demanding a recount after he *won* the election.
Whatever people say, I think Trump is on the right path... The path to impeachment
According to Trump, a presidency is like a computer. If it’s not doing what you want, you turn it off and on again.
If Trump is a stable genius... Does that mean he's a smart ass?
The Pope and Trump are on stage in front of a huge crowd.  The Pope leaned towards Mr. Trump and said, "Do you know that with one little wave of my hand I can make every person in this crowd go wild with joy? This joy will not be a momentary display, like that of your followers, but go deep into their hearts and for the rest of their lives whenever they speak of this day, they will rejoice!"   Trump replied, "I seriously doubt that. With one little wave of your hand? Show me!"   So the Pope slapped him
When trouble brews, why do members of the White House staff rush the president to the Oval Office? Because he can never be cornered there.
What is Donald Trump's favorite gum? Bigly Chew
Trump And The Vending Machine In a calm White House, Trump finds no one to serve him a coke. Embarrassed and outraged, he walks until he finds a vending machine. Trump has never seen a vending machine.  Bigly has some change in his pocket; touching money gives him luck. Trump puts a coin into the machine and this one delivers a can.  Then he inserts another coin which delivers another can.  Trump goes on until he's spent all his change.  Lucky for him, an intern passes in a hurry, looking down. He stops her and embarrassed, he asks her for some change.  Confused at the all scene, she asks why?  "I keep on winning!" trump says.  
Trump: My Government isn't listening, can you help me? Tech Support: Have you tried turning it off and on again?
Trump's "The Art of the Deal" This big country out there puts a huge bid for a major project.  The first country to respond is France:   \- *We will do it for U$ 1 million. $500k for materials and $500k for labor.*  Then Germany walks in:  *- Vee vill do it for U$2 million. $1M for materials and $1M for labor.*  Then Trump walks it:  *- I will do it for U$3 million.*  Hmmm, not very competitive but I do need to know how you are breaking this down. This is way off what we are getting.  *- Listen, OK. This is a great deal, OK. We put $1M in your pocket, OK and $1M in my pocket, OK and we hire the stupid French to do the work. Best. Deal. Ever.*  &amp;#x200B;
How many Trump supporters does it take to screw in a light bulb? What light bulb? There is no light bulb and never was. Liberals broke the light bulb. Fake news.
What do a thong and Donald Trump's toupee have in common? They both barely cover an asshole.
Trump book Today I was at the bookstore; as I was wandering around, the clerk stopped me and offered to help me.  I imagine I didn't look like his normal clientele, so I asked, "Do you have a copy of Donald Trump's book on his U.S. Immigration Policy regarding Muslims and illegal Mexicans?"  The clerk angrily said, "Fuck off, get out and stay out!"  I said, "Yes! That's the one. Do you have it in paperback?"
What did Paul Manafort say when he accidentally bumped into Donald Trump? "Pardon me"
Why is E.T. Trump's favourite movie? Because the alien returned home.
[LONG][POLITICAL]An Updated Oldie: Hillary Clinton is praying to God one night &amp; asks, 'God, will a gay person ever be elected President?' God actually replies to her, 'Not in your lifetime, Hillary'.   Astounded, she asks, 'God, will a black person ever be elected as President again?' Once again, God replied, 'Not in your lifetime, Hillary'.   So she pauses for a moment, thinks, &amp; asks, 'Well, will *I* ever be elected President?'   And God started laughing &amp; said, 'Not in *My* lifetime, Hillary!!!'
What is the similarities between Bernie Madoff and Atoms? ​They both make up everything!
Why did Hillary cross the road? What difference, at this point, does it make?
What happens when Trump makes a meme? it goes dankrupt.
What did Ted Cruz's wife get after being elbowed by him? A Ted Bruz
Donald Trump becoming president would disprove that... "once you go black you can't go back".
I'm sorry, but Hillary doesn't deserve to be put in prison... She should be put in the kennel with the other dogs.
Some youth were fascinated when Trump became president He's the first white president that they saw in their lifetime.
Trump and Pence are on Air Force One. Trump says "You know, I bet if I threw this $100 bill out the door I could make one person very happy".   Pence says "I bet if I threw these two $50 bills out the door I could make two people really happy".  The copilot looks at the pilot and says "I bet if I threw the both of them out the door I could make about 7 billion people really happy."
Donald Trump,the Pope,and a boyscout were on a plane. The plane had to do an emergency crash landing.The pilot comes running out screaming,"We have to do an emergency crash landing but we only have three parachutes.Its my plane,I'm taking one."and he bails.Donald Trump says,"Well I'm the smartest president America ever had."So he takes one and bails.The boyscout looks up at the Pope and the Pope looks down at the boyscout and says,"Go ahead my son,take the last parachute."  The boyscout says to the Pope,"Go ahead, it's all yours,America's smartest President ever just jumped out with my backpack."
Hillary Clinton and John McCain have a debate... I've seen a couple of versions of this joke but nothing recently on here - maybe I'm wrong....  Hillary Clinton and John McCain have a debate at a local college. During a break both go back for some coffee. Clinton, repulsed by McCain's over principled conservatism says "Sir, if I was your wife, I'd put poison in your coffee". McCain, appalled by Clinton's unbridled liberalism replies, "Madam, if I was your husband - I would drink it!".
Ted Cruz should have been forced to carry his Campaign to term... Terminating it is unchristian afterall
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are in a plane crash. Who survives? Not the joke.
I was going to make a joke about Donald Trump supporters celebrating Cinco de Mayo but My back is up against a wall
Whats the most stupid thing you've seen a Bernie Sanders supporter do? Vote for Bernie in a primary. 
Trump is going to have a hard time "wooing the Speaker to his camp." Because people he woos he generally prefers not to speak. 
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and Mitt Romney I'm not laughing either
I don't understand why the mexicans are so upset about Trump's wall... It will keep those annoying Americans separated from your country, isn't that a good thing? xD
What does trump have in common with welfare? Helps everyone but the ones helped the most are ashamed to admit it!  Ha ha ha
if Trump played classical pianoa Would he grab it by Debussy?
What's Donald Trump's favorite cheese? White American
Why does Trump need a gold-plated toilet? Because his sh-- is that corrosive.
What are americans entitled to under Donald Trumps reign A pillow, towel and a bottle of wine
Donald Trump will be unable to drain the swamp. The EPA has declared it a protected wetland.
Pakistan Prime Minister calls to Trump in the morning... And says "I'm sorry to hear about the terrorist attacks in New York, I wanted to be the first one to call and show my support to America"  After a pause Trump replies "What attack? I have no news of any attack"  A dramatic silence prevails..  After a while Trump hears a voice on phone that sounded like someone shouting, "Shit, I forgot about the time difference!"
What does Republican talking heads and a techno remix have in common? Socialism!  Venezuala!  Hand out!  Repeat repeat repeat.
I believe Donald Trump can make this country what it once was- -an arctic region with zero population
Trump and Clinton both die in a plane crash. Who survives? America
Don't let Trump find out about Motes. "Sea-walls?!"
How come Donald and Melania Trump can never have sex outside on a sunny day? She keeps accidentally burning his dick with the magnifying glass.
Hillary Clinton is accepting a bribe from a Saudi... The Saudi says, "I promised you 200,000 dollars, but I only have 30,000 right now. Can you still spread my propaganda on CNN for me?"  Hillary replies, "Yes, I'm an absolute whore for your money, master."
What did Donald Trump say to the NAACP? Orange is the new black.
What's the only item of clothing banned from Casual Friday at the White House? Wife-beaters.
How come Republicans don't like math? because they don't want to see integration in school 
Trump God asks Bush: "What do you believe in?" Bush answers: "I believe in the free market, and the strong American nation!" "Very well," says God. "Come sit to my right."  Next, God asks Obama: "What do you believe in?" Obama answers: "I believe in the power of democracy, and equal rights for all." "Good,” says God. "You shall sit to my left."  Finally, God asks Trump: "What do you believe in?"  Trump answers: "I believe you're sitting in my chair."
Donald trump and Queen Donald Trump is meeting The Queen, and he says to her:  “As I'm the President, I'm thinking of changing how the country is referred to, and I'm thinking that it should be a Kingdom."  To which the Queen replies. ‘I'm sorry Mr Trump, but to be a Kingdom, you have to have a King in charge - and you're not a King."  Donald Trump thought a while and then said: "How about a Principality then?" to which the Queen replied, "Again, to be a Principality you have to be a Prince - and you're not a Prince, Mr Trump”  Trump thought long and hard and came up with, "How about an Empire then?" The Queen, getting a little pissed off by now replied, " Sorry again, Mr Trump, but to be an Empire you must have an Emperor in charge - and you are not an Emperor."  Before Trump could utter another word, The Queen said: "I think you're doing quite nicely as a Country."
If Trump gets impeached in his first year in office It'll be totally unpresidented.
Obama and Trump are running laps Donald Trump and Obama were running laps around the Whitehouse trying to get the best time. "I got 10 minutes!" yelled Trump. "I think that's a new record!"  "No, Bush did 9:11" said Obama
The Hillary Phone Just like the Obama Phone, but it deletes all of your emails.  
Ted Cruz has aborted his campaign ..but I say he should be forced to carry it to full term
Need the best Hillary I need the best Hillary Clinton joke there is. The worst the better. I need to tell my history teacher. Shes a Hillary supporter. Dirtier the better 
Bill Clinton said Hillary is clearly the best choice for president... He knows for a fact there is no chance she'll blow it.
What were Donald Trump's first words? "I want to build a wahhhhh."
Trump obviously has the support of the Freemasons He wants to build a wall, and do you know who gets paid to build walls?   **MASONS!**
What do Marco Rubio and an AR-15 have in common? They're both really easy to buy in Florida.
Donald Trump is leaving the White surrounded by his secret service agents when an assassin with a gun approaches. A young agent sees the approaching assassin and shouts "Mickey Mouse". Startled by this comment the would be assassin hesitates and is pounced on by the other agents.   Later that day during the debrief the Head of the Secret Service asks the young agent just what in the hell he was playing at shouting Mickey Mouse.   "Sorry Sir" he replies "it was my first time in action and I panicked. I was meant to shout "Donald duck". 
Some white lady drove her car full speed into a White House barrier Man, Hillary can’t let it go, can she?
When Donald Trump heard of George H. W. Bush's death he remarked... "I like people that served two terms"
What is Donald Trump’s least favorite rock band? Foreigner 
A lot of gay people aren't happy about Donald Trump and Mike Pence being elected president You might say it was a shock for some
"How did the Russians help Donald Trump win the election?" They made the Democrats deliver on their promises of transparency.
Jeb's killer short Jebediah Ross was 17 when he first did standup. Granted he didn't have a lot of experience, it was a huge stepping stone to what became his future career. His love of comedy was also further enhanced through the discovery of WKUK's comedic shorts. Mixing standup comedy and short films, what a goldmine to be plundered!   After he graduated from college, he worked on multiple films on certain weeks and when he was done, he did standup. Clubs, bars, schools .. etc. Jebediah didn't have to grovel for places to accept his standup routine though. "Just 10 minutes, free of charge" Nobody could resist his offer, "His loss" they thought, only to then realize he had absolutely zero comic potential. His jokes were atrociously bad, so much so that a woman choked on her drink and died. He was a nomad to his country, moving states whenever he ran out of places who were willing to take him. "How can I make a comedy short if the comedy aspect is so bad, it even managed to kill someone!"    Jebediah Ross was at his wit's end.    During his travels he met a man in a bar, he was performing in, who called himself Rick. Rick not only found Jeb's jokes hilarious, he was the first person who encouraged Jeb to put his routine in a video. It took a considerable amount of persuasion, liquid or otherwise, but it got him motivated enough to try. Jeb thanked the man and left with broader shoulders, not realizing Rick was just trying to leech drinks off him. It didn't matter though, because Jeb was on his way to make himself a millionaire.  ***6 Years later***  "I didn't actually mean it! You need to stop the broadcast now, innocents will die!"  "Well it is too late. Even if your praise wasn't sincere, your advice lit a fire in me that won't stop burning for anything. My passion is in short comedy films. You can't stop me."  "But why release it on air?! Sell your video to the military, I don't know. Oh god my mum always watches the news at this time! *SHE'S GONNA DIE!*"  "Rick, it's going to be okay. I changed it up, you'll see."  "How will it be any different? My mother's blood will be on your hands!"  "Not by a long short."  EDIT: Why is this labelled as politics? O.o
What is Donald Trumps favourite rap group? Run-DNC
If the red house is on your right, and the blue house is to your left. Where is the white house In Washington DC
Trump, Peña Nieto and Putin come across a lantern and a Genie pops out of it. "I will give you each one wish, that's three wishes total," says the Genie.  Peña Nieto, the President of Mexico says, "I was a miner, my dad was a miner, and my son will also mine. I want the land to be forever filled with minerals and oil in Mexico."       With a blink of the Genies eye, "FOOM," the land in Mexico was forever filled to the brink with rare resources.       Trump was amazed, but he already made up his mind, "A rich Mexico? Not good. Not good at all. Give me a wall around the USA. A magnificent wall. A huge wall. Let me tell me how huge: so huge that nobody from out of states can come into our precious land."        Again, with the blink of the Genies eye,"POOF," there was a huge wall around the United States.       Putin thinks for a moment and says, "I'm very curious. Please tell me more about this wall."  The Genie explains, "Well, it is about 150 feet high, 50 feet thick and completely surrounds the States. Nothing can get in or out."       Putin says, "Fill it with water."
Donald Trump was on official states business in Spain [Long] It was mostly successful. On the last night of his visit the while delegation was invited to dine with the king at his own restaurant up in the mountains. Cozy Mr. Trump orders the turtle soup for appetizers.   Everyone revives their meals one by one, all but Mr. Trump. When twenty minutes has gone by since the last person received theirs Trump pounds his sweaty little hand in the table and sends his secret service agent into the kitchen to investigate.  As the agent enters the kitchen he finds the chef standing there with the knife in his hand trying to chop the head of the trutle. But as soon as the chef tried to chop the turtles head if it pulls it's head inside the shell.  After a few minutes the agent chuckles and walks over to the chef. 'Give me the knife and I'll show you how its done' he says.   The agent takes the knife in one hand, and with the other hand he extends his thumb and insert it into the butt of the turtle. The turtle immediately sticks it's head out of the shell and stretches it's neck.   With a swift blow of the knife the agent chops the head of the turtle.  'BRAVO!' exclaims the chef and claps his hands. 'Where did you learn that trick?' he asks the agent.  'That's what we do every morning on Señior Trump' the agent says. 'How else would we get him to wear a tie?'
And elderly man was taken to the ER after having a massive stroke... The ER physician told the family that he was alive but unfortunately brain-dead.  "Oh, God," cried his elderly wife, "We've never had a Liberal in the family before!"
Donald Trump and the /r/jokes mods walk into a bar [Removed]
Where does Donald Trump store his books? The fireplace.
A mexican kid tells D. Trump: I want to be President! Trump says: are you stupid? Are you an idiot? Out of tour mind? Are you retarded? Kid says: you know what, never mind those are too many requirements.
I named my penis Donald Trump Because he's the biggest dick I know
What do you call it when a womanizing casino mogul is in the White House? Two vice presidents.
George Bush bought a rotisserie chicken As he was walking out of the grocery store, he looked at the chicken. As he held it in his hand, he thought to himself,   “Hey, this chicken isn’t too big. I could easily eat this in one bite.”   So that’s exactly what he did when he got home. He struggled greatly, but he eventually was able to swallow it. However, Bush started choking on the chicken. His wife walked into the kitchen and saw her husband gagging, and she performed the Heimlich maneuver on him. Bush thanked his wife for saving his life, but then they both looked on the kitchen floor and saw two chickens instead of one.   That just goes to show that a bird in the hand is worth two in the Bush.
Mueller wanted to be a lawyer and had plenty of evidence to convict Trump but he couldn't pass the Barr
Why does Trump like Minecraft? He doesn’t, it’s fake news but does appeal to his key demographic of miners and wall builders.
What do you call Trump with a parachute? Air pollution.
Why are the Trumps like lemurs? If you get a group together, its a conspiracy.
Donald Trump is set to star in a sequel to the movie Dodgeball Because if you can dodge a draft you can dodge a ball.
What's the difference between Democrats and Republicans? Republicans won.
Donald trump takes The New England Patriots out on his Yacht to celebrate their latest Super Bowl victory. The Yacht sinks and America is great again.
Know what's weird about Obama kitesurfing? It means there's finally something he has in common with Trump: watersports.
The Sanders/Cruz debate was really weird It was like peeking into an alternate dimension where both parties had hindsight
Trump is a real asset to the country! Fucking Siri! I said *Ass Hat* not *Asset*!!!
Breaking News: Samsung has agreed to work with Bill Gates on Trump's wall On the condition to recycle Samsung Galaxy Note 7
Bill Cosby, Mike Tyson, &amp; Donald Trump walk into a bar. Bartender goes "Well damn, who would have thought that only guy convicted of rape here would be more liked than the other two rapists?"
What do you say to the entire Trump cabinet being deported? Good riddance to bad Russians.
A terrorist group has taken Donald Trump hostage. They are threatening to release him if their demands are not met.
Either Trump supporters have Alzheimers or they voted in a bankrupt, paranoid, divorced, incompetent non-Christian, communist sympathizer that has no idea what he’s doing but likes getting pissed on by hookers. At least they don't have Alzheimers.
Conservatives want to repeal Obamacare and replace it with a single prayer healthcare plan
Donald Trump is practically a miracle worker. I mean come on, he gets in office and California gets all the water they asked for under Obama. 
What do you call it when Trump cuts the grass on his lawn? A mowing green massacre.
People need to be a little bit more considerate of Trump's decision to skip the White House Correspondents' dinner. The roasting waiting for him there would probably have made him the second black president.
What's the difference between Pink Floyd and Trump? All in all, Trump doesn't have a brick for his wall.
Unlike most people, I’m happy that Trump pulled out of Paris. Can you imagine how narcissistic their kids would have been?
When President Trump said he would deliver more jobs than any other president... I didn't realize he'd do it by constantly hiring replacement White House senior staff. 
What's Donald Trump's [least] favorite song? Shithole by Toto.
What's Donald Trump's favorite Mario character? Wall-Luigi
Bill Clinton, George Bush, and Barack Obama walk into a bar.... Bill steps up to the bar, and orders a Sarsaparilla... the bartender say says "Sarsaparillas are for Pussies" and hands him a whiskey. George steps up to the bar, and says "Give me a Sarsaparilla" the bartender says... "like I told him, Sarsaparillas are for pussies!" and hands him a whiskey. Barack watching what happened, and fancying himself smarter than most steps up and orders himself a shot of whiskey... neat.  The bartender looks at him and says "Fuck you pussy, here's your sarsaparilla!"
Why did Pink Floyd compare Donald Trump to Walter Ulbricht? All in all he‘s just another prick with a wall.
Trump is like a Matryoshka doll He’s so full of himself. 
Donald Trump kept at least one election promise, to create more Jobs And it worked.  There are now DOZENS more rich assholes who treat their workers like shit and outsource their phone manufacturing to chinese slave labor camps. 
Donald trump and Kim Jong-Un have a race to see who can fall off a bridge the quickest. Who wins? Society
How do Mexicans feel about Trump’s wall? They’ll get over it 
Talking to a trump supporter is like talking to a sperm You realize both are getting fucked.
Hillary's So Crooked... Hillary's So Crooked She Needs A Kaine!!!
Gary Johnson withdraws from the Libertarian Ticket. Replaced by Harambe. That's right. Johnsons out for Harambe!
Trump has named Bernie Madoff as Head of Treasury Department Madoffs response when he learned of the appointment:  "Pardon Me?"
The presidency should be EASY for Trump... after all, mini hands make light work.
Did you hear Melania Trump is Bipolar? Half the time she's happy, the other half she has to suck a tiny orange dick.
what's the similarity between sperm and Trump supporters? Only one of many millions actually becomes something reasonable one day.
Donald Trump's first act in office will probably be to illegalize all shredded cheese. He will Make America Grate Again. 
What's Trump's childhood fear that still remains true to this day? He was always afraid of the dark.
Muslim guy to Trump supporters Am I in heaven or what?       All I can see are virgins.      OC : Robert Smigel
Why did Donald Trump cross the road? To get to the other side of Chris Christie.   From the book: Donald Trump Is F**king Goofy: Jokes and Limericks
It is say safe to say that both Clintons were almost out of the presidency... due to Weiners
What did Matthew McConaughey say after voting for Trump? alt right, alt right, alt right
Forget Trump, want to hear a rapist joke? American evangelicals  At least the 80% majority of them.
What's the most embarrassing part about Hillary Clinton's emails? The Nigerian Prince actually came through with the money transfer.
Donald Trump is renting out a war room for his Election Day activities. He says he needs enough space for his most trusted advisors, his publicist, his ghostwriter, and of course a great Hollywood entertainer. The leasing agent takes him to a tiny cubicle barely big enough for one person.   "Perfect!" says Mr. Trump. 
BREAKING NEWS: DONALD TRUMP DROPS OUT OF THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION! He says he just realized he'd be moving into a smaller house in a black neighborhood.
Trump, Pence, and everyone on board die in the crash of air force one. Where do you bury the survivors? You don't bury survivors.
Oprah, Bill Clinton, and Michael Jackson are all on a plane with the African Children's Choir... ...both the pilot and co pilot have sudden heart attacks and die. There are only three parachutes to be found.  Oprah says, "We need to pick three of the brightest children to give the parachutes to, they're our future."  Bill Clinton says, "I was the leader of the Free World and am a famous philanthropist. Screw the kids!"  Michael Jackson says, "Do you think we have enough time?"
I always had a really hard time understanding Donald Trump's foreign policy ... ... how he refuses to condemn dictators like Putin and Kim Jong Un but mercilessly mocks and criticizes US allies.  But then I remembered the old foreign policy maxim.  "Speak softly and carry a big schtick."
There were talks about adding Trumps' head to Mount Rushmore. But they couldn't find rock that was thick enough.
A top Islamic cleric today condemned President Trump for being anti muslim Trump tweeted back 'This is just fakir news'
Did you hear Matthew McConaughey is a huge Trump supporter now? When asked about this he was quoted as saying "alt-right, alt-right, alt-right"
I'm currently reading 'My Life' by Bill Clinton. Which freaked me out because I didn't think he knew anything about my life.
What did Mexico get Trump for Christmas? A Walmart gift card.
People say Trump's new dentures caused him to slur his speech. Or as Trump calls them, Fake Chews.
What do you call it when a professional trumpet player calls in sick because he has too much iron in his blood? Ferrous bugler's day off
Trump and Obama go to a barber shop As Trump finishes up his shave the barber pulls out some shaving cologne and gets ready to pat some on his face and neck.  Trump quickly stops him, “No thanks I don’t want my wife to think I’ve been at a whore house.”  At about the same time the other barber is nearly finishing up Obama’s shave and asks him if he’d like to use the shaving cologne.  Obama responds “Yes a little on the neck and cheeks, thanks”  Trump leans over and tells him “Hah Michelle is gonna give you all kinds of shit when she smells that on you”  “Oh not at all” said Obama, “My wife wouldn’t know what a whore house smells like.”  
Santa Claus, A Republican with morals, and a blonde sees a $100 bill on the floor. Who picks it up? The blonde does. Santa and a Republican with morals are fictional characters and don't exist.
Why do Trump supporters hate Star Wars? Because James Earl Jones is the voice of the CNN intro.
Donald Trump walked into a bar... and lowered it.
Donald Trump has a phone call with Queen Elizabeth II Struggling with problems in his Cabinet, he asks her "I hear you run a very tight ship over in England. Would you mind giving me some advice or telling me some secrets?".  The Queen replies "It is very easy and simple. Just surround yourself by smart people. For example, listen to this".   The Queen's tells her butler to add the Prime Minister, Theresa May, to the phone call.   "Theresa, I have a simple question - if your mother has a child and your father has a child, and it's not your brother or sister, then who is it?" says the Queen.   Theresa May thinks for a moment and responds "Well it would be me"  "Correct. Thank you very much Theresa" says the Queen.  Donald says "Ahh, you know, that's real clever, I might have to try that on some of my cabinet members. Thank you very much".  The next day Trump calls Jeff Sessions to his office.   "Jeff, I have a question for you. If your mother has a child and your father has a child and it's not your brother or sister, who is it?"  Jeff thinks long and hard and says "You know what Donald, I'm not sure, but I'll give you an answer by tomorrow"  Trump agrees and sends Jeff on his way.   Jeff then gathers up the cabinet and asks them the question. Nobody knows the answer, and after many failed attempts someone speaks up and says "I know! Lets ask Sean Hannity! He's a smart man, he should know". So they call up  Sean Hannity.  They ask him, "Sean, we have an important question for you... if your mother has a child and your father has a child and it's not your brother or sister, who is it?"  "You bunch of morons, it would be myself!" says Sean Hannity.  "Ahhh!! We get it now!" says the members of the cabinet.  The next day Jeff Sessions approaches the president.  "Sir, I believe I have the answer to that question you asked me the other day." says Jeff.  "Well ok, what is the answer?" says Donald.  "Sean Hannity!" says Jeff Sessions  Trump looks at him for a second and gets up and yells "No you god damn idiot, it's Theresa May!"
Trump should definitely build the wall... ...said no Juan ever.
Why is Trump a good conversationalist? He has no difficulty breaking the ice. 
Man 1: Republicans are always right Man 2: Democrats are always left
How is a vote for Hillary Clinton like a lobotomy? One means your brain will never function fully and one is a medical procedure.
Referendum results lead to petition to stop children taking part in democratic process...  I mean... uhh... leads to children creating petition because they can't handle the democratic process.*  My mistake!
Donald Trump That's the joke
Why does Trump want a space force? To stop illegal aliens.
What does the “E” in Clinton’s name stand for? Emails
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders were walking through New York... They came upon a homeless man. Trump pulled a hundred dollars out of his coat pocket and gave it to the man. They walked a few blocks more before coming upon another homeless man. Before Donald could give him anything, Bernie stopped him and said "I got this one." Sanders then reached into Trump's coat pocket and pulled out a hundred dollars for the man.
Why does Trump need a SPACE FORCE? It's too black out there. 
Despite the fact she is a Democrat, Monica Lewinsky decided to vote for Trump in the last election... ....she said to her friend, "I'd like to vote for Hillary, but the last Clinton left a very foul taste in my mouth."
What do big banks and Hillary Clinton have in common? They aren't too big to fail
If I had a penny for every trump joke,  I'd have enough money to build a wall...
If this Hillary case blows up... It will be the second time a weiner has ruined the presidency for a Clinton
What's the difference between a liberal and a republican What's the difference between a liberal in a bar and a republican in a bar?   Liberal expects free drinks  Republican tips after free drinks
Trudeau and Trump. What an explosive combination. Who doesn't like a little T&amp;T?
Why will Trump never be assassinated? Because all the white people are already supporting him
Hillary and Trump are in a sinking boat, who survives? This joke, because every 4 years it seems to resurface.
When is it ladyparts-grabbing time for Donald Trump? When the little hand is on the 10.
Donald Trump, for the first time in his life, he goes and applies for a job And gets the position of President of the US
Donald Trump is really a proved racist and sexist, because... He beat a woman badly in his run for the presidency and threw a black family out of a white house...
What do Hillary and Bill have in common? Both got screwed out of office
What's the difference between Trump and Hillary? About ten inches.
Today, Donald Trump gave us all an amazing message : That don't let you memes be memes
Why can't Donald Trump fire nukes? Because his tiny fingers won't be able to exert enough pressure when he's pushing the big, red button
How many republicans does it take to get Donald Trump elected president? The same amount that cost Romney and McCain the election.
Netflix is producing a new documentary series on the Trump presidency... It's called "Orange Is The New Black."
What do you call Donald Trump after he brags about sexually assaulting women, insults an entire race, and suggests banning an entire religious group? President. 
Hillary won in Kentucky.... Still waiting for results from McDonald's, Burger King, Wendy's and Taco Bell.
We don't have to worry about Trump having the nuclear launch codes. His hands are too small to push the button. 
People say Donald trump is inexperienced as a politician... But he's the best damn liar I've ever seen!
Hillary and Donald were on a hike last Summer... And they cross paths with a bear.   The bear starts chasing them and Hillary starts running.   Donald says "you can't outrun a bear."   Hillary responds "Sorry Don but I just have to outrun you!"   ||   ||   punchline space   ||   ||   Donald:  I'm sure you can but the bear is named Vladimir.  
Trump, on his first day at his new job, notices there are 5 million Puerto Ricans in the United States... declares victory when he finds out that most are back in Puerto Rico by nightfall.
Why did Tom Brady vote for Trump? Trump has been said to have small hands, but he says that they are not small. Brady has been accused of having small balls, while he continues to claim that they are as big as they come.
So Trump says he picked a bunch of great people to run the government... But honestly, I've seen better cabinets at IKEA.
It's funny how liberals think Donald Trump oppresses women and hates gays Like he's a Muslim or something.
President Obama and the old man �� One sunny day in January, 2017, an old man approaches the White House from across Pennsylvania Avenue where he’d been sitting on a park bench. He speaks to the U.S. Marine standing guard and says,  “I would like to go in and meet with President Obama.” ...   The Marine looks at the man and says,  “Sir, Mr. Obama is no longer president and no longer resides here.”  The old man says,  “Okay,” and walks away.  The following day the same man approaches the White House and says to the same Marine,  “I would like to go in and meet with President Obama.”  The Marine again tells the man,  “Sir, as I said yesterday, Mr. Obama is no longer president and no longer resides here.”  The man thanks him and again walks away.  On the third day, the same man approaches the White House and speaks to the very same U.S. Marine, saying,  “I would like to go in and meet with President Obama.”  The Marine, understandably agitated at this point, looks at the man and says,  “Sir, this is the third day in a row you have been here asking to speak to Mr. Obama. I’ve told you already that Mr. Obama is no longer the president and no longer resides here. Don’t you understand?”  The old man looks at the Marine and says,  “Oh, I understand. I just love hearing it.”  The Marine snaps to attention, salutes, and says,  “See you tomorrow, Sir!”
Donald Trump always has his partner be on top during sex. Because he can only fuck up.
How did the Democrats feel about the results of Georgia's special election ? The just couldn't Handel the loss. They had worked their Ossof for it.
Donald Trump, his lawyer and Ivanka are on an airplane...  When all of a sudden the engine starts to sputter, and the pilot comes back and says the plane is going down, they're gonna crash and there's only one parachute.   The pilot says "I'm gonna give it to the girl".. to which the lawyer responds "Fuck the girl! "   and Trump says "you think we have time?"
Why does Trump get all this grief about a simple typo? He clearly meant #Make America Grate Again!
Trump, wishing to visit New Zealand calls Bill English Mr. English's secretary answers the phone. "Hello! This is the office of Bill English."  Trump says "Hello. This is President Donald Trump of the United States of America. I  wish to know the time difference between New Zealand and Washington."  The secratary responds "Just a second, Mr. President."  Trump promptly hangs up.
Why does Donald trump use twitter instead of Facebook? Because he has followers, not friends.
Why did Donald Trump win? Easy, he had the most votes in the-  oh, wait
Trump's Presidency is like climate change Every day it gets worse and Republicans try to deny it.
What's Donald Trump's least favorite band? Foreigner
Lonely Obama What is the previous president, Mr. Barack's, go to song when he is lonely? . . O-ba-ma-self..don't wanna be!
Did you hear about the Bernie supporter who tried out for pitcher? His aim was terrible but he gave it his best shot
What happens when you cross a pig with a Democrat? Nothing. There are some things a pig won't do.
Trump pulls out of Paris. Probably for the best... can you imagine how narcissistic that kid would be? 
Hillary Clinton walked into a bar and failed.
Trump should do to America what we do with Watermelon seeds. Just get rid of the black ones
Trump's "peegate" allegations are so obviously false How many times does he have to shit the bed to prove it?
Anyone in the world who holds the Trump hand? 2 year baby
I've heard the White House is developing a machine to identify Mexicans before they cross the border. They're calling it Minority Deport.
What kind of deodorant does Donald Trump use? Ban
While visiting England, Donald Trump is invited to tea with the Queen... ... He asks her what her leadership philosophy is. She says that it is to surround herself with intelligent people. He asks how she knows if they're intelligent.   "I do so by asking them the right questions," says the Queen. "Allow me to demonstrate."   She phones Sadiq Khan and says, "Mr. Mayor. Please answer this question: Your mother has a child, and your father has a child, and this child is not your brother or sister. Who is it?" Sadiq Khan responds, "It's me, ma'am."  "Correct. Thank you and good-bye, sir," says the Queen. She hangs up and says, "Did you get that, Mr. Trump?"  "Yes ma'am. Thanks a lot. I'll definitely be using that!"   Upon returning to Washington, he decides he'd better put the Chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to the test. He summons Bob Corker to the White House and says, "I wonder if you can answer a question for me."  "Why, of course, sir. What's on your mind?"  "Uh, your mother has a child, and your father has a child, and this child is not your brother or your sister. Who is it?"  Corker hems and haws and finally asks, "Can I think about it and get back to you?" Trump agrees, and Corker leaves. He immediately calls a meeting of other senior senators, and they puzzle over the question for several hours, but nobody can come up with an answer.   Finally, in desperation, Corker calls Rex W. Tillerson at the State Department and explains his problem. "Now look here Rex, your mother has a child, and your father has a child, and this child is not your brother, or your sister. Who is it?" Rex answers immediately, "It's me, of course, you dumb ass."  Much relieved, Corker rushes back to the White House and exclaims, "I know the answer, sir! I know who it is! It's Rex W. Tillerson!" And Trump replies in disgust, "Wrong, you dumb ass, It's Sadiq Khan!"
President Trump felt a little more tired than usual this morning He should have had a stronger cup of covfefe
Who do the Republicans call for music when they have a party? D.J. Trump
Did you hear that Donald Trump ripped up the Paris Agreement today? Unfortunately he grabbed the wrong one, and now the US is a British colony again. 
Donald Trump woke up in the hospital following surgery... ... only to notice that the curtains were drawn around him.  DT: "Why are the curtains all drawn around me? Is something wrong?"  Nurse: "No, no, the surgery went fine. It's just that there's a huge fire just across the street, and we didn't want you to think you hadn't made it through."
If Trump and Putin developed a gay relationship. It would be called Nukeback Mountain.
Why is Donald Trump popular in the Antarctic and Arctic? Because he's doing well in the poles.
A Trump supporter, a Sanders supporter and a Clinton supporter are being interviewed. The question asked was 'what do you think of morals in politics'? The Sanders supporter says: politics? What is politics? The Clinton supporter says: morals? What is morals? The Trump supporter says: think? What is think?
[NSFW] Why do the things Donald Trump says always sound fishy? Melania needs to douche.
Why has the Trump circle jerk gotten so out of control? Because centipedes have 100 arms.
Mexico is starting to build a wall They're worried about the Americans crossing the border when Trump is elected. 
It would be a disaster if Hillary Clinton were elected president I mean who would entrust our nukes to a woman on a period?
What do a Bernie Sanders supporter, a Cross-Fitter, and a person with Herpes have in common? They all "Feel The Burn!"
Why did vatican invite Bernie not Hillary? They couldn't afford it. 
If Donald Trump is elected President, it would be more appropriate if we change the eagle on the Great Seal of the United States... to a hummingbird. Because hummingbird is the only species of bird that can fly backward, signifying the country's backward progression.  P.S. Got the idea from the Coats of Arms of Australia.
Trump Says Immigrants take Jobs Americans Refuse to take. Like being his wife. 
Why aren't there any republicans in Star-Trek? Because it's the future.
On his recent visit to England Trump is very taken with all the pomp and regalia of royalty... So while having dinner seated next to the Queen he announces boldly that from here on in he would like the USA to be referred to as the "United Kingdom of America!"  The Queen shakes her head and says somewhat admonishingly, "My dear Donald you can't do that - you are not a King".   A bit defeated and a bit petulantly Trump retries... "Then I want the USA to be called the Principality of the Americas!"  Queen Elizabeth rolls her eyes and tsks pitifully and says, "but Donald... you are not a Prince." "A Monarchy?" Donald asks pleadingly, now rather dejected and a tear forming in his eye. "Not a Monarch", the Queen snaps now more than a little exasperated... "Then what can I call it?" Donald whines. After a few moments the Queen replies, somewhat smugly... "I think you should stick to calling it a Country". 
If Hillary Clinton won she would’ve been the first F president. I didn’t say female because someone deleted the emale.
Trump finally gets the go ahead to build his wall and is planning his first visit He gets down to the border and it’s really just a Pink Floyd concert. 
Steve jobs would have been a better president than Donald Trump. But it's a silly comparison really, it's like comparing apples to oranges.
What did Donald Trump respond to comments about his orange skin colour? Impeach coloured.
What's Trump's favorite store? Wallmart  (Joke courtesy of my 9 year old)
If you suck at playing the trumpet That's probably why.
Melania Trump dies suddenly. Knowing her love for money, as each friend passes by her casket they drop in a $100 dollar bill.  At the end of the procession Donald sweeps out all of the money and drops a blue piece of paper into the casket.  When questioned by the press he responds, "It's okay, the money was a nice thought but it wasn't significant enough for a woman like Melanie.  I gave her a check for 10 million dollars."
How many pornstars does it take to screw in Trump’s lightbulb? We’re not sure.  A great number have been screwing, but the lightbulb has yet to come on.  
A CNN reporter walks into a White House press meeting... [not removed]
What Do Both Democrats And Homosexual Men Like To Do On Friday Nights? They like to filibuster ~~fill a buster~~.   Hey-o! ;-). I came up with that after hearing about the news tonight. Enjoy.
Donald Trump, what's 2+2? I have to say a lot of people have been asking this question. No, really. A lot of people come up to me, and they ask me. They say, 'What's 2+2'? And I tell them, look, we know what 2+2 is. We've had almost eight years of the worst kind of math you can imagine. Oh, my God, I can't believe it. Addition and subtraction of the 1s the 2s and the 3s. It's terrible. It's just terrible. Look, if you want to know what 2+2 is, do you want to know what 2+2 is? I'll tell you. First of all the number 2, by the way, I love the number 2. It's probably my favorite number, no it is my favorite number. You know what, it's probably more like the number two but with a lot of zeros behind it. A lot. If I'm being honest, I mean, if I'm being honest. I like a lot of zeros. Except for Marco Rubio, now he's a zero that I don't like. Though, I probably shouldn't say that. He's a nice guy, but he's like, '10101000101,' on and on, like that. He's like a computer! You know what I mean? He's like a computer. I don't know. I mean, you know. So, we have all these numbers, and we can add them and subtract them and add them. TIMES them even. Did you know that? We can times them OR divide them, they don't tell you that, and I'll tell you, no one is better at the order of operations than me. You wouldn't believe it. So, we're gonna be the best on 2+2, believe me.
Donald Trump The only man to pay a porn star to keep her mouth shut
It's official Trump's inauguration date is now a National Holiday. At least I assume so because the government shutdown for it.
They should hide the nuclear codes from Trump by putting it somewhere he would never look In a book for example.
What do you call Trump's Jewish Sister? Orange Jews
Trump says to Pence, "China's mining too many ores" Pence: What are you going to do?   Trump: Order more tariffs to make them mine less.   Pence: Mine fewer.   Trump: Shhh, don't call me that yet.
Why does Donald Trump hate O'Doul's? Fake brews.
Tim Cook could be a way better president than Trump. But really, comparing apples to oranges just seems so unfair. 
Michelle Obama's saying "when they go low, we go high" really doesn't work When you're trying to fight a horde of angry little midgets
Why was Trump so excited to take the presidency on his first try? He was Russian to get into the White House.
If Donald Trump talks about "fake news" during the State of the Union... Does that make it the State of the Onion 
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a Hooker? one Dictates, the other Take Dicks.
President Trump had to stop writing his State of the Union address.... He ran out of crayons and glitter
Even if you cut off my arms, I'd still give Trump two thumbs up! I can't stump the Trump!
Why is Bernie Sanders seems like having a long nose? because AIR IS FREE
Did you hear Donald Trump wants to ban pre-shredded cheese? Apparently a bunch of immigrants work in the Kraft factory.
Q: How can you tell when Donald Trump is cheating at golf? A: He's holding a golf club. 
Why is Trump so fond of his internet followers when he's having a bad week? They're always russian to help help him.
Obama care is religious discrimination We shouldn’t try to prevent Americans from being Sikh!
I just read North Korea sentenced Trump to death by hanging for calling Kim Jong-un 'short and fat'. Fake Noose?
Why does Melania Trump always insist upon being "on top" during sex? ...because The Donald can only fuck up !
Why won't the Republicans impeach Trump? Because they insist on carrying a baby to full term
Trump hates the word impeach because he has said many times before Imorange
President Donald Trump and his driver were cruising along a country road one night President Donald Trump and his driver were cruising along a country road one night when all of a sudden they hit a pig, killing it instantly.  Trump told his driver to go up to the farmhouse and explain to the owners what had happened. About one hour later Trump sees his driver staggering back to the car with a bottle of wine in one hand, a cigar in the other and his clothes all ripped and torn.  "What happened to you?" asked Trump  "Well, the Farmer gave me the wine, his wife gave me the cigar and his 19-year-old daughter made mad passionate love to me."  "My God, what did you tell them?" asks Trump.  The driver replies, "I'm president Donald Trump's driver, and I just killed the pig."
50% of Christians say they will go to hell and back for Donald Trump They're half right
What do Donald Trump and a razor have in common? They both make bush look better.
How do you get Donald Trump to change a lightbulb? You tell him Barack Obama installed it.
What do Donald Trump and Boris Johnson have in common? Their hairdresser.
Why will Trump beat the Democrats in 2020? Because the Democrats only care about stopping babies in the womb.
Buzz Aldrin and Mike Collins were invited to the White House to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the moon landing... Buzz got to enter the White House and meet with the president, but Mike had to spend the entire visit driving in circles around the White House.
What do Trump and Hitler have in common? They picked on people they knew couldn't fight back.
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax ? For hispanic attacks!
Donald Trump did the bottle cap challenge. The cap removed itself from office.
Right now, the 3 hottest jokes here are all about Donald Trump. Hopefully that's the last time he wins something.
How do you get Donald Trump to sabotage a lightbulb without anything to replace it? Tell him it was Obama's lightbulb.
How do you get Donald Trump to change a lightbulb? Tell him it's a pornstar and he'll screw it
Donald Trump walks into a bar ... and lowers it.
Judge: "For saying Donald Trump were an idiot, I sentence you to 2 years in prison." Me: "You probably have never heard about free speech. "  Judge: "You probably have never heard about high treason." 
What does the Republican Party and Pabst beer have in common? You have to go back to the 1800s to find something good they've done.
What's the difference between Trump and a single cell organism? l. Single cell organisms have a wall
What is Donald Trump's favorite activity? Deportes
I know Donald Trump is an expert on fake news But now I see he is also an expert on fake boobs.
What's Donald Trump's least favorite band? Foreigner 
What's Hillary Clinton's favorite drink? Wine.
Trump is showing Merkel US central command.. Trump: Angela I have these three large buttons! If I press the red one Russia is wiped off the map. If I press the blue one, China is gone. And if I press the green button Iran disappears!  Merkel: Donald let me tell you a story. My grandma had three toilets, one was made of white marble, another was made of ivory, and the third one was made of pure gold. However when Russians came to Berlin, she shat herself in a hallway.
Have you heard about this young Democrat representative from NY? I think her name is Cairo Otexas Instruments Pizarro
Trump is doing a meet-and-greet at a crowded venue  and his security detail is being extra watchful. One of them is a new guy and he’s extra jumpy. Suddenly, a gunman bursts from the crowd, aiming his weapon at the President. Pandemonium ensues. The rookie bodyguard screams “Mickey Mouse!!!” at the top of his voice and this startles the would be assassin to the point that his aim is off and the shot goes over Trump’s head. Some bodyguards wrestle the assailant to the ground, while others hustle the President to safety. Disaster averted. Later, during debriefing, the head of the security detail congratulates the rookie. Without his quick thinking, he tells him, the President might very well be dead. “But I’m puzzled” he said. “Why on earth would you yell Mickey Mouse?”  “I’m new”, explained the rookie, sheepishly. “I panicked. I meant to yell Donald! Duck!!”
Bill Clinton, George Bush and Donald Trump Are On A Road Trip... their car runs out of gas and they walk to the nearest gas station. At the pump they realize that non of them brought any money with them.   They ask the attendant for some free gas and the Attendant says "no way this is 'murica nothing is free, but if you all take our pants off and let me measure your dicks and if they combined measure 20 inches i'll let you boys have some free gas. "  &amp;#x200B;  Bill Clinton starts by taking his pants off and the Attendant takes out his ruler and starts measuring it. "Wow thats a solid 9inches Bill. You boys are off to a good start."  George Bush takes his pants off, "Thats a strong 8inches there Georgie."  The men start celebrating they only need another 3 inches to get some free gas.  Donald Trump takes his pants off, to the shock of everyone, the gas Attendant puts his glasses on and starts measuring carefully. "Damn Donald thats 3 inches, thats 20 inches total I guess you boys get your free gas".  The Presidents are ecstatic they got their free gas and they are cheering on their way back to the car.  "Man I can't believe we made it!" Bill Clinton cries out, Donald Trumps responds "Ya thank God I had a boner."
An Apple user, a Harvardian and a Bernie supporter walked into a bar. I know because they told everyone within a minute.
Trump was sitting in his office. He picked up his phone, and searched his name,  like a lot of famous people do. After looking a little bit, he said to his bodyguard next to him: “look at this! I search Trump, and all I see is lies and fake news!”  His bodyguard looks, and then replies, “Sir, that’s your Twitter account.”
The president was walking out of the White House... The president was walking out of the White House heading towards his limo when a possible assassin jumps out and aims his gun.   A secret service agent, new on the job, shouts “Mickey Mouse!” This startled the would be assassin long enough to be captured.  Later the secret service agent’s supervisor takes him aside and asks “What the hell made you shout ‘Mickey Mouse’?”  Blushing, the agent replied “I got nervous...I actually meant to shout...‘Donald, Duck!’”
Three contractors are bidding to fix a broken fence at the White House in DC.  One is from New York , another is from Tennessee and the third is from Florida.  All  three go with a White House official to examine the fence. The Florida  contractor takes out a tape measure and does some measuring, then works  some figures with a pencil. "Well," he says, "I figure the job will run  about $900: $400 for materials, $400 for my crew and $100 profit for me."  The  Tennessee contractor also does some measuring and figuring, then says,  "I can do this job for $700: $300 for materials, $300 for my crew and  $100 profit for me."  The New York contractor doesn't measure or  figure, but leans over to the White House official and whispers,  "$2,700." The official, incredulous, says, "You didn't even measure like  the other guys! How did you come up with such a high figure?" The New  York contractor whispers back, "$1000 for me, $1000 for you, and we hire  the guy from Tennessee to fix the fence." "Done!" replies the  government official.
barack obama mr obama stole my 2009 toyota corolla cheeky bastard AHHHHH IM ANGRY thank you for listening gru from minions is 14ft tall
Donald Trump must be a very intelligent man. I can't understand what he's saying half the time. 
How much do libertarian pirates pay for corn? Whatever price the free market will bear.
Donald Trump went to a fortune teller.... He asked her,”What day will I die on?”  The clairvoyant assured him that he would die on an international holiday.  “Why are you so sure about that?” demanded Trump.  “Any day,” she replied, “on which you die will be an international holiday.”
Donald Trump is convicted of treason His punishment is hanging. On the day of his execution, the rope is tied around his neck as thousands watch. The floor drops, but Trump is unharmed. The noose was fake. 
Donald Trump's has said his favorite movie is Citizen Kane It's about a guy who inherited his wealth, flirted with fascism, and ended up a delusional, sad man.  I really don't have anything to add to that.
What is the best way to stop a politician? A really strong gust of wind.
Didn't have a chance to hear Michelle Obama's speech last night... Guess I'll catch it in 4 years at the next RNC.
Donald Trump is on a plane with leaders from all over the world They are all bragging about how well their countries are doing.  The Japanese president grabs a bag of electronics, throws them off the plane claiming "we have so much electronics I can afford to throw a bag of it out the plane"    The Korean president grabs a bag of rice, throws them off the plane claiming, "we have so much rice I can afford to throw a bag of it out the plane"  President of Ireland grabs a bag of bottles of beer, chucks it out the window and says "lads, we got so much beer we can afford to chuck a bag of it out of a plane"  Donald Trump stands up, grabs the President of Mexico and chucks him off the plane
Q: What does President Trump call a missing border? A: A WOL
When Trump build a wall what would the US become? Attack on Titans...
What's the difference between Bill and Hillary Clinton? One wants their aides to keep their mouth closed, the other wants them to keep their mouth open.
What keeps Donald Trump's hope alive day after day Hope that some Juan somewhere would still vote  for him one day.
Donald Trump stepped into a bar full of British nationalists and said... [rem0ved]
Trump is elected president And he finds out that he can't get anything done because of the USA's system of checks and balances.
How many Hilary Clinton aides does it take to setup a private server? [REDACTED]
Wanna hear a racist joke? Donald Trump.
America is basically Trump's fourth wife. He gave us his name, fucked us, and all we'll have to show for it is a long, drawn-out court procedure and a bunch of unnecessary debt.
What do you call a war Trump starts simply to distract people from his failings? Desert Stormy.
So I went to a bookstore to buy Donald Trump's book Today I was at the bookstore; as I was wandering around, the clerk stopped me and offered to help me.  I imagine I didn't look like his normal clientele, so I asked, "Do you have a copy of Donald Trump's book on his U.S. Immigration Policy regarding Muslims and illegal Mexicans?"  The clerk angrily said, "Fuck off, get out and stay out!"  I said, "Yes! That's the one. Do you have it in paperback?" 
Donald trump wants to paint the white house Donald trump wants to paint the white house.. He calls for quotation.  Chinese guy quoted 3 million. European guy quoted 7 million. Indian guy quoted 10 million.  Trump asked chinese guy.."..how did u quote 3 million..?" Chinese guy replied .. "1 million for paint 1 million for labour 1 million profit.."   Trump asked european guy.. He replied-".. 3 million for paint 2 million for labour 2 million profit.."   Trump asked Indian guy..   He replied.. .."..4 million for you.. 3 million for me.. .. .. and we will give 3 million to the chinese guy and ask him to paint..!!"   Indian got the contract ! 
They should build the wall out of Hillary People clearly can't get over her.
Trump has two parts of brain, 'left' and 'right.'  In the left side, there's nothing right. In the right side, there's nothing left.
Where does Trump use the bathroom when he goes camping? A de-portapotty.
What is Trump's favorite store? Wall-Mart. 
What's the difference between Trump and Satan? Satan will at least let anyone into hell.
The presidential race between Hillary and Trump reminds me of the first AVP movie. Whoever wins, we lose.
Hillary went for dinner with Barack Obama the other day I heard he was very polite, but hillary brought her own private server.  
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are running for president... Well, look on the bright side, Dick Cheney is not president.
What does Obama say when he is given Kraft Mac n' Cheese instead of homemade Mac n' Cheese? Thanks Omomma
If Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump both get in a plane accident, who survives? America
What do you call a pretty girl who doesn't speak English and uses common phrases from English reference books in speeches she writes? Plagarist. What do you call a woman who steals whole speeches from a Jewish guy from Brooklyn? Hillary.
Hillary Clinton was invited to address a major gathering of the American Indian Nation two weeks ago in upstate New York. She spoke for almost an hour about her plans for increasing every Native American’s present standard of living. She referred to her time as a U.S. Senator and how she had voted for every Native American issue that came to the floor of the Senate.  Although Hillary was vague about the details of her plans, she seemed most enthusiastic and spoke eloquently about her ideas for helping her “red sisters and brothers.”  At the conclusion of her speech, the Tribes presented Hillary with a plaque inscribed with her new Indian name, “Walking Eagle.” The proud Hillary then departed in her motorcade to a fundraiser, waving to the crowds.  A news reporter later asked the group of chiefs how they came to select the new name they had given to Hillary.  They explained that “Walking Eagle” is the name given to a bird so full of shit it can no longer fly. 
Why does Donald Trump love 6:43PM? It's the time he'd barge in on beauty contestants changing to try to see them naked.
I would rather have Bill Cosby as President than Donald Trump.. because if America is gonna get fucked for 4 years I wanna be asleep when it happens.
If you #Calexit-ers think you hate Trump NOW... Just wait until you have to foot the bill for the Californian extension of The Wall.
What's the difference between a republican in power and out of power? Out of Power: "He's not MY president," and "A little rebellion now and then is a GOOD thing."  In power: "The president said and YOU must obey!"
Look on the bright side of a Trump presidency... There won't be an America to have this drama four years from now.
Trump was recently asked his opinion on Roe vs. Wade... He thought it was two different ways to get across the Potomac.
What did Hillary say when she bumped into Barack Obama at the White House? Pardon me.
Love trumps hate? More like LOVE TRUMP'S HATE. LOVE TRUMP'S HATE.
People should not move to Canada because of Trump They should go to Mexico, then at least there will be a wall between them and Trump.
So Donald Trump is banging Melania....  They're in bed going at it hot and heavy when Donald's wig falls off. They keep going at it, while Donald uses his other hand to feel around for his missing hairpiece.   Suddenly he grabs her snatch.   She moans, "That's it ! That's it! You got it, right there!"  To which Donald replies, "No, I part mine on the side."
I don't think Donald Trump realizes how strong and unified Latinos are... Every Latino is like a brick. When they come together they form a wall.
Trump will be President until 2020 It would have been 20:15, but the sniper got stuck in traffic... 
Why did Donald Trump become an atheist? Because he wanted Jesus out of the country.
Bill tried to cheer up Hillary today... He reminded her that Nelson Mandela wasn't elected president until after serving 27 years in prison. 
Why did President Obama get two terms?  Because every black man gets a longer sentence 
Hillary and Trump get into a race. Who loses? America. 
Why doesn't Trump wear glasses? He already has Russian contacts.
Communism is like impeaching Trump This time itll work for sure!
Angela Merkel, Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin are sitting on the beach... Donald Trump starts bragging:"Our american submarines can stay under water for 3 months without having to surface!" "That's nothing!", says Putin:"Our russian nuclear submarines can stay under water for 6 months!" Angela Merkel starts to get nervous, but before she can say anything a giant wave catches their eyes. It's a huge submarine, emerging from the sea. A small hatch opens on the top and a really old man climbs out, raises his right arm and shouts:" Heil Hitler! We need Diesel!"
Donald Trump loses money so fast.. ...the National Debt counter has filed a restraining order.
Libertarians are great at telling jokes The punchline never feels forced
Why did the Libertarian cross the road? None of your damn business. Am I being detained?
I heard Donald Trump's favorite movie is The Breakfast Club...... Apparently he's always had a thing for poorly managed detention centers.
The thing I like about Donald Trump is that he doesn’t get mad at you for accidentally leaving a door or window open This is because he has a fair amount of experience dodging drafts
You know, I agree with Trump about refugees... ...we can't just let all of these Syrians come into America and take all of our Mexican people's jobs!
Louis CK allegations are like Trump's being a president No one saw that cumming.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders' kids must be failing out of school... Cause they're probably taught to avoid answering every question.
Donald trump invite's kim jong un and a Trump supporter to go golfing Donald Trump invite's kim Jong Un and a Trump supporter to go golfing. Donald Trump invited kim Jong Un to go golfing to discuss the politital situation between their countrys and also a Trump supporter to give his opinion on things. Donald Trump hit his golf ball and it smashs straght through someones window, All 3 of them go to the house to pay for the damaged window when they ring the door bell a butler answers "how many I help you fine gentelmen" Donald then said "Hi I'd like to talk to the owner we accidentally broke your window" but before Donald could finish his sentence the butler starts to scream and runs off, curios the 3 men walk inside to see what happend, they walk inside and see ghost like figure, it speeks to them you 3 have released me from my prison I am a genie and I was traped in the vase that you hit and broke with your golf ball for 300 years and for freeing me I will give each of you 1 wish. The trump supporter goes first "I wish for infinate money" The genie gave the Trump supporter a credit card and a piace of paper with bank informantion on it and said "when ever you need money no matter how much you can withdrawal it from this bank account without ever paying tax, Then Kim Jong Un makes a wish "I wish for a huge wall all around North Korea to protect us from danger and to make sure my people can't escape" The genie then said "there is now a wall all around North Korea to protect your people and make sure they can't escape" Donald trumps eyes widen "A wall? tell me more about this wall" The genie then said "this wall is 150 feet tall and 50 feet wide" Donald trumps eyes widen even more "Okay now fill it with water"
The Fence at the White House The fence at the White House was broken and this needed to be fixed ASAP. The government decided to bring in three contractors to take some measurements and get some estimates.   The first contractor says he will need $500.   The second says he will need $700. He explains how it'll be $300 for materials and $300 for labor with a $100 profit afterwards.   The third immediately leans over to the White House executive and says he will need $2700. Appalled by this number, the executive asks him how he got this number considering he didn't even measure it. The contractor says, "It's simple. $1000 for you. $1000 for me. We then hire the second guy.”
The White House just released a statement that... Trump is only pardoning the white meat of the turkey this year.
What's trump favourite toy? His Trumpet...
DONALD TRUMP RESIGNS!!! Claims he just couldn't hack it. 
If Donald Trump is a nut what kind of nut best describes him? Of course wall-nut!
How long does a Congressman serve? Depends on his sentence. 
What’s Trumps second favourite food after steak and ketchup? Pasta Putinesca
What’s the difference between Teddy Roosevelt and Donald Trump? Roosevelt is known for saying, “walk softly, and carry a big stick.”  Trump is known for talking bigly and carrying a soft dick.
Angela Merkel, Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump are shot during a conference and die... Up in the sky, they are greeted by Saint Peter who says: ‚You have died. As you are politicians, surely you have sinned. Therefore you must wade through the Swamp of Lies before you can go to Heaven and join Him in eternal happiness.‘  As in her former life, Merkel wants to tackle every challenge given and goes first. She notices the swamp barely reaches her ankles and thinks ‚Well, that‘s what you get for lying. At least, I did it for a better Europe.‘  Curious about how the others are doing, she looks behind her and sees Putin covered in mud up to his knees. Furiously, she shouts: ‚This is impossible! Your reign was a dictatorship, you influenced world politics and economics to your benefit and you’ve achieved all that only by telling lies. How is it possible you‘re only knee-deep in this swamp?‘  Calmly, Putin answers: ‚Hush! I‘m standing on top of Donald and he hasn‘t noticed yet.‘  Edit 1: Fixed a typo  Edit 2: Thanks for the silver, kind stranger! Also, hi r/awardspeechedits
Merkel, Putin and Trump take a walk along the coast of the north sea... After a while they start talking about their military. First Trump says: "We developed a new type of submarine, that can stay a whole month under water, without having to resurface"  Merkel thinks to herself: "Shit. Our military is a joke. How am I going to compete with that?"  Next Putin proclaims: "That's nothing! We have a submarine that can remain underwater for at least 3 months!"  Merkel starts panicking and thinks: "We never invested in that stuff! This is so embarrassing"  Suddenly a submarine starts resurfacing close to them. Curious they approach it, as a man exits the submarine yelling "Heil Hitler! We require more diesel!"
What is served at a Trump rally? White whine and salty crackers!!
Angela Merkel, Vladimir Putin and Donal Trump are on a plane. Merkel finds $100 on the floor of the aircraft and says: "I will throw the money out of the aircraft and make 1 person happy" Putin interrupts her, stating that if they split the $100 bill into 2 $50 bills they can make 2 people happy. Trump insists that they should throw 4 $25 bills and make 4 people happy. The pilot of the plane, overhearing their conversation, turns to his co-pilot and tells him "Should I throw this plane in the sea and make 7 billion people happy?"
Trump should not have said "shit-hole countries". The correct term is "turd-world countries".
President Trump looked out the Oval Office window one winter morning -- and called in the FBI The President was *furious* because someone had written "Fuck Trump" in yellow snow. "I want to know what loser did that, pronto!"   A few hours later, the FBI presented the results of their investigation. "Mr. President, the urine is Steve Bannon's, -- and the hand-writing is Melania's."  [Adapted from a circa 1970 joke with Nixon, Kissinger and Pat]
TIL Donald Trump personally built the barn for his daughters horses, and apparently he did a better job than most professional barn raisers do. Guess you could say that makes him a stable Genius.
Kim Jong Un: I have a big button on my desk Donald Trump: I have a big button on my desk Hawaii Emergency Alert Guy: Hold my beer
If the story about Trump and a porn star is true, it could be very embarrassing… At some point, that porn star will have to face her friends and colleagues…
Donald Trump really loves word games. If you listen to his speech patterns, it’s clear that he’s playing “Mad Libs.”
Donald Trump was on a fact finding visit to Israel When he suffered a heart attack and died. The undertaker tells the American diplomats accompanying him that he can have his body transported back to the USA for a fee of $50,000 or they can bury him in the holy land for Just $100.  The diplomats go into a corner and discuss for a few minutes, they come back to the undertaker and tell him they want Trump shipped home.  The undertaker looks puzzled, “Why would you pay all that money when it would be wonderful for him to be buried here in the holy land for Just $100?”  The diplomats replied “Long a go a man died and was buried here and he rose from the dead, we just can’t take that risk”
If/when Donald Trump falls from power Do we get to call him Trumpty Dumpty?
Why can’t trump be hanged? Fake noose
Why are there no chairs in the Democratic National Headquarters? Because everyone is left leaning.
What's Donald Trumps favorite album? The Wall
Donald Trump pulls out of Paris Climate Arrangement after alleged threats to interfere with the U.S. Mexico border wall. He heard "Climb-it" deal, and flipped out
President Clinton shows up to Air Force One President Clinton shows up to Air Force One with a pig under each arm.  The Marine sergeant, salutes him and shouts: "Nice pigs, sir"   Clinton looks at him and says: "I'll have you know these are genuine Arkansas razorbacks! I got one for Chelsea and one for Hillary. What do you think about that?"   The sergeant salutes again and shouts: "Nice trade, sir."
Why doesn't Trump care that the stress from being investigated is making him lose his hair? (OC) Because he is so over Comey.
Donald Trump and Putin walk into a bar. Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin walk into a bar They approach the bar and take a seat. The bartender, raising his eyebrow questions, " Good afternoon Mister president, what brings you in this fine afternoon?"  "I just made the yuuuugest arms deal in history today with Saudi Arabia and this great, and I mean this great guy here wanted to treat me to a drink as congratulations!" He replied The bartender, slightly perturbed shakes his head and responds, "Great job sir, what will you have to drink?" "A White Russian," he turns his head to Putin, and smiles lovingly, "it will be the second one I've had in me today."
I wish there were more Russian prostitutes in the White House then there would be way more leaks on Trump
A Mexican kid meets Donald Trump and says to him, “I want to be President one day.” Trump says, “Are you stupid? Are you an idiot? Out of your mind? Are you retarded?” The kid replies, “You know what, I’ve changed my mind. Those are too many requirements.” 
The days under Trump presidency summarized 142
As a child, Donald Trump always wanted a cat. On his 10th Birthday, his parents took him to the pet shop, and offered to get him whatever pet he wanted... ...So he had 'em buy the pussy.
What's Donald Trump's favorite search engine? Bing.
Donald Trump passed Mike Pence in the hallway today and said, "pardon me."
I once sat next to Donald Trump at a baseball game... Big League. 
What do elephants and democrats have in common? Trump-hate
What did Barack Obama say to Michelle when he proposed to her? I don't want to be Obama self.
I am a devout Muslim and an avid Donald Trump supporter! AMA! Said no one, ever.
The Difference Between Republicans and Democrats A woman in a hot-air balloon is lost, so she shouts to a man below, "Excuse me. I promised a friend I would meet him, but I don’t know where I am."  "You’re at 31 degrees, 14.57 minutes north latitude and 100 degrees, 49.09 minutes west longitude," he replies.  "You must be a Democrat."  "I am. How did you know?"  "Because everything you told me is technically correct, but the information is useless, and I’m still lost. Frankly, you’ve been no help."  "You must be a Republican."  "Yes. How did you know?"  "You’ve risen to where you are due to a lot of hot air, you made a promise you couldn’t keep, and you expect me to solve your problem. You’re in exactly the same position you were in before we met, but somehow, now it’s my fault."  (Old but gold) 
What Has 8 Teeth And Is At The Front Row Of A Country Music Concert? A Trump Supporter. 
If I had a dollar for every time Trump said 'great'. . . That would be great. Infact, I would say the amount of bills I get would be quite YUGE. 
Donald Trump is moving forward with a bill to ban pre-shredded cheeses He wants to make America grate again
Why doesn't Donald Trump compare his leadership to Steve Jobs? Even *he* knows not to compare Apples and oranges. 
Why did Donald Trump cross the road? To harass the chick on the other side.
Trump, Melania, Macron and ....the French First lady are traveling in a train.                The ride is pretty smooth and the train suddenly enters a tunnel. It's dark everywhere and a loud slap is heard in the private compartment. Everyone is calm except Trump who has a huge red slap mark on his right cheek.              The room is silent. Macron thinks - Trump is such a pig. He tried getting smart with the French first lady, kissed here and she slapped the asshole.                Trump thinks - Macron tried kissing Melania and Melania thought it was me. I rather keep quiet.                   French first lady thinks - Trump has been super gay with my husband this week. He tried kissing Macron and instead kissed his wife. Poor Melania.              Melania thinks - that was for Stormy. 10 more tunnels to go.
Bill, Hillary, Donald and Melania were sitting together in the train ... when the train went through a tunnel and the compartment reverberated with the noise of a tight SLAP! When the train came out the Donald had a swelling red hand print on his face. Bill   thought, "Stupid buffon must have grabbed Hillary's pussy". Donald thought, "Bill must have grabbed Melania's pussy and she slapped me thinking it was him". Meanwhile Hillary thought, "Can't wait for another tunnel so I can smack that asshole again." 
Trump and Obama meet during inauguration... Trump asks: Barack, your approval ratings are pretty high. I love ratings a lot. Can you give me some tips?  Obama: The key is having a strong administration. I make sure that my administration not only works hard but is also composed of smart people.  Trump: What do you mean?  Obama summons Biden.  Obama (to Biden): Joe, I have a question for you. Who is a son or daughter of your parents but not your sibling? Biden: It is me Barack!  Obama to Trump: See, that is how we roll...  After inauguration Trump decides to test this on Pence.  Trump: Mike, I have a question for you. Who is a son or daughter of your parents but not your sibling?  Pence takes half an hour but can't figure out the answer. Eventually, he decides to cheat and asks chief strategist Steve Bannon. After some brainstrom Bannon says "It is me!".  Pence rushes to Trump: It is Steve Bannon sir!  Trump furious: What are you talking about loser? It is Joe Biden. You're fired!
Someone once told me Trump was the president of Canada also... I don't think that's Trudeau
Republicans: "We couldn't possibly lose Alabama!" Roy Moore: "hold my beer kids"
What is Trump's least favorite nation? Abomination
On the night of his inauguration, Trump is visited by three ghosts. Early in the night, FDR appears. When Trump asks him how he can make America great, FDR replies “Think only of the people; do not make laws based on hatred, bigotry, or with the thought of lining your own pockets.” Trump’s face sours, and he yells “FAKE NEWS!”  A few hours later, he is awakened by George Washington’s ghost. Trump asks “how can I make America great again?” Washington replies “I would suggest you never tell a lie”, which infuriates Trump.  Around three in the morning, he is visited by the ghost of Abraham Lincoln. Again, he asks “how can I make America great again?”. Lincoln responds, “go to the theater.”  
How did Trump turn his presidency into a comedy? By giving Comey the D
Trump says I'm about to get the greatest Christmas gift ever Better than the Christmas, when the Barbi twins fucked me dry, then covered me with $100 bills?  I can make up shit, too
A Mexican kid meets Donald Trump... ...and says to him, “I want to be President one day.” Trump says, “Are you stupid? Are you an idiot? Out of your mind? Are you retarded?”  The kid replies, “You know what, I’ve changed my mind. Those are too many requirements.”
Trump and Obama at the barber Donald Trump and Barack Obama ended up at the same barber shop. As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty. As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife Michelle doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
Donald Trump called Ray Moore to wish him luck Trump said "Go get them!"  Moore responded "I can't, there still in homeroom!" 
Whats Donald Trumps favorite Christmas movie? White Christmas.
Santa comes to the White House.... Santa arrives at the White House and hands Donald Trump his Christmas present. Trump excitedly tears open his gift then looks up at Santa in shock. "What?", Santa exclaims. "I thought you LOVED coal.
If I had a dollar for every time Trump supporters said "What about Hillary" to deflect from his corruption, I could buy a Trump Administration appointment.
How do Mexicans feel about Trump’s wall? They’ll get over it
Trump 2020 Bumper Sticker The world's a pussy and I've been petting her the wrong way. Hiss means yes.
What do you get when you cross President Trump with James Comey? President Pence
What's the difference between Melania Trump and the FBI? The FBI is still coming for President Trump.   (Fixed the typo...)
Did you know Trump took away Comey's phone when he fired him? Trump said, "that way you can't comey anymore." 
Have you heard of a Trump Salad? It's Russian dressing with a little pickle
Trump was asked what his favorite musical instrument is, and said "Trumpet." He was asked what his favorite topic is, and said "Tropics."  He was asked what his favorite multiplier is, said "Triple."  He was asked what he favorite reason is, said "Treaso-...shut up."
What do you call a fat round orange under pressure in the White House? Orange juice for Trump's breakfast.
What do Donald Trump and young Peter Quill have in common? They both have tiny hands! 
Trump's in Saudi Arabia, Israel... ... and the Vatican this week, cradles of USA's 3 great religions:  Christianity, Judaism, and Oil.
As a supporter for Donald Trump, I can only apologise for letting him go without proper checks on his mental state. I'll avoid doing this with future patients.
Did you know Donald Trump's hair changes color? Right now it is orange, but soon it will be imPeach.
Donald Trump's Thesaurus is so bad... it's also bad.
Why can't Donald Trump be circumcised? There's no end to that prick.
"Allegedly Trump gave Russians intelligence " I wonder how much he had in the first place and how much he is left with.
Trump and his ice cream scoops Trump and his administration just finished eating dinner but Trump remained to eat his dessert. He noticed that he only had one scoop of ice cream. He calls in Jeff Sessions, his staff favorite. "Go after all of them and see who took my second scoop." Jeff goes after all of them. Five minutes later, Trump finds his second scoop of ice cream on his pants. He must've dropped it earlier because his hands were too small for one spoon. He calls Jeff Sessions "Hey, look! I found my ice cream!" "It's too late, Mr President." Jeff Sessions says. "I already fired all of them."﻿
Someone told me Trump doesn't drink alcohol... But I'm sure he's had a White Russian in his mouth.
Who is Trump's Favorite Band? Rage Against The Fefe.
How does Trump want to stop illegal hackers? Building a great firewall.
When is Trump correct? When the question is "Who is the 45th president of the USA?".
Why can't they follow through with the punishment of a capital crime for Trump? ...fake noose.
"When I see Donald Trump..." - Edinburgh Fringe 2018 When I see Donald Trump I get the same thought in my head as I get after a particularly painful bikini wax.   Bush wasn’t that bad.   &amp;#x200B;  Angela Barnes, Pleasance Courtyard, 7.15pm     &amp;#x200B;
What Pokemon did Trump ban from the White House? Farfetch’d - Everywhere that little bastard goes, there’s a leek.
Trump mistakenly referred to 9/11 attacks as 7/11 attacks It seems someone has been providing him fake cues.
Did you know that Donald Trump used to be an athlete? He ran a lot of short distance races. Mostly 3 k's
Kidnapped Donald Trump On a road of Washington, DC, a driver meets a crowd and when he stops he asks one of them what happens and he answers:  \- A group of "delinquents" have kidnapped Donald Trump and are requesting 100 million dollars for his release, and if this request is not fulfilled in 2 hours, he will be sprayed with fuel and set on fire, so we are doing a collection .  \- And how much have you managed to gather so far?  \- Well we have ... 88 gallons of Premium gasoline, 52 of regular gasoline, 35 of diesel, 29 of kerosene, 27 of alcohol, 38 boxes of matches and 21 lighters.
They say Bernie is gonna run again in 2022 I guess he uses the same workout plan as me.
Donald Trump walks into a bar He lowers it 
What kind of nuts does Donald Trump likes Walnut
If Donald Trump had really wanted Hillary Clinton locked up, he should have just… …given her a job on his campaign team…
Trump says this polar vortex snow storm forecast... ... Is just flake news
Nancy Pelosi just thrashed Trump over this shut-down business. But Stormy Daniels showed us that Trump likes getting spanked by a woman.
Why did Trump invite George W Bush to the white house? His accountant said he needed a W2 for taxes
After Kanye and Donald Trump met up the other day, they will be working on a new album together.... The Deportation of Pablo
Matthew McConaughey walks into a Trump rally "Alt Right, Alt Right, Alt Right." 
Donald Trump decided that he doesn't want to attend intelligence briefings anymore. Coincidentally, he took notice how the Jews always have the inside scoop before anyone. So he consulted his cabinet of advisors how the Jews always were the first to know everything. And after much research by the intelligence community, the findings were very peculiar to say the least.  "Mr. President, we've found that any time a Jew greets another, they always start with a secret code: *vus machter reb yid*. That's Yiddish for 'what's new my fellow Jew?' - and then once you say that, they know you're Jewish and they trust you with all the inside info and the latest scoop. That's literally how the Jews know everything every time."  Trump looks at his advisors, and says "Wow that's genius. Granted, I've come up with better codes than that but I'll give credit where credit is due! I'm gonna try this out, dress me up as a Jew!"  His whole cabinet proceeded to dress Donald Trump as  a Hassidic Jew, the whole nine yards. He looked EXACTLY like a Hassidic Jew, you couldn't tell the difference, it was that good!  The very next day, Trump went to Brooklyn which happens to have the highest concentration of Hassidic Jews in the US. He figures that the info he'll get there will be most current and up to date than anywhere else.   All inconspicuous, he walks up to the first Hassidic Jew he sees and says "vus machter reb yid?".  The Hassidic Jew answers "Not much actually, but I heard Donald Trump is coming to town!"
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are in Heaven... Good joke, Huh?
I don't understand why Obama has to give his speeches behind bullet proof glass. I mean,I know he's black and all, but I doubt he'll shoot anyone.
How will Trump make Mexico pay for the wall? By turning the Great Wall of Mexico into a tourist destination.
Why does Tony the Tiger support Donald Trump. Because he wants to make America grrreat again. 
An aide asks Donald Trump what they’re going to do about the abortion bill. Trump said “Pay it.”
How many Trumps does it take to screw in a light bulb? One, because [redacted]  EDIT: I can no longer in good conscience condone a joke that makes fun of someone based on their physical appearance.  I will be deleting the punchline shortly.  EDIT 2: OK its redacted.
So Trump recently put tariffs on solar cells and washing machines... He must really hate being clean.
What do Republicans call droppin it like it's hot? The Birther Movement
Dad, I wanna be just like President Trump when I grow up. Dad: Pick one, son. You can't do both.
I heard Trump's staff holds up a big applause sign during his speeches... He wants everyone to give him a big hand.
What's Donald Trumps favorite keyboard command? \(Ctrl+Alt+Right)
Did you guys hear about Donald Trump using steroids? He got caught orange juicing.
Why were 3 women in bed with Donald Trump bored? Because he's horrible with four in affairs
Why does Bill Clinton wear boxers? To keep his ankles warm.
What do Trump and Nixon have in common? They're both Dicks
Donald Trump Doesn't Like His Job In fact, someone recently called him Orange to his face.  He replied "impeach". 
Where does Donald Trump keep his armies? In his sleevies.
If Donald Trump was impeached the gay community would be shocked.
Trump and Bebe We all saw President Trump in Israel as he spent a few moments at the wailing wall in deep reflection.  What the news cameras did not catch happens just moments later.   With Netanyahu by his side, Trump prays......"may there be peace in the Middle East. " turning to Netanyahu he asks "How am I doing Bebe?" The reply "you're doing great, you're talking to God." Trump "May the Palestinians and Israelis  have peace between them.   Bebe? Who says "you're doing great mr. President you're talking to God" and then Trump says " and may Israel give back all the land they took in 1967" followed by "how am I doing now Bebe?"  Who replies "now you're talking to the wall!!"
Donald Trumps' Inaugration This came from a U.S. soldier's wife.  It says it all:    "I sat, as did millions of other Americans, and watched as the government underwent a peaceful transition of power a few short months ago ...    At first, I felt a swell of pride and patriotism while Donald Trump took his Oath of Office.    However, all that pride quickly vanished as I later watched 21 Soldiers, in full dress uniform with rifles, fire a 21-gun salute to the President.     It was then that I realized how far America's military had deteriorated.    Every one of them missed the bastard ..."           
Trump got reelected It created a triumph
How do you get Donald Trump to change a light bulb? You tell him it was put there by Obama.
What's the difference between Trump and pirate? Pirates are always grabbing booty
My fat friend and my fat self were the only ones at Trump's 2020 inauguration ceremony. There were tons of people there.
Odysseus is like Bill Clinton They both got *blown* off course
Climate Change Earth ... "With all this pollution, I am experiencing a climate change. Who wants to experience some catastrophic weather events?" Trump … "America first" 
Trump's Halloween costume Donald and his Melania are getting ready to go to a Halloween party. He says to her:" why dont you go upstairs and change into your costume." She goes upstairs and he hears some rustling around. 5 minutes later she appears and walks  down the stairs. She is completely naked except for a a pair of thigh high boots. "Thats great Melania but what are you going as?" She replies," I am going as Puss and Boots. Get it? Puss (pointing to her crotch and boots.(Pointing at her boots.") "Why don't you go change Donald?" He goes upstairs and she hears some rustling around. 5 minutes he appears completely naked except for a potato tied to his penis. That's great Donald but what are you going as?"  He replies," I am going as a dictator. Get it? Dick Tater?
Trump is like Internet explorer Some people think he's cool but most just find him slow and annoying
Why did the President suck off Putin? Because his dictate good.
A train carrying 12 members of congress derailed and hit a truck today It was too crooked
A train carrying republicans to a retreat crashed into a garbage truck. It's all ok everybody. The trash was completely unharmed.
Police do a good deed I get irritated when people come down on our police officers, saying that they don’t care about others. Well, here is a story that clearly shows “not all cops are in that category”.  This story involves the police department in the small hill country town of Fredericksburg, TX. which reported finding a man’s body last week in the Pedernales River near State Hiway 87 bridge. The dead man’s name would not be released until his family had been notified.  The victim apparently drowned due to excessive beer consumption while visiting “someone” in Kerrville. He was wearing black fishnet stockings, a red garter belt, a pink G-string, purple lipstick, and an Hillary Clinton for President T-shirt.  The responding officers removed the Hillary T-shirt to spare his family any unnecessary embarrassment. 
What kind of car does Trump drive? A racecar.
A hillbilly visits Trump A hillbilly comes back from a meeting with Donald Trump. He tells his friends, "I got to talk to the president! He said all of the country's problems are gonna be solved when the penis potato boat comes!" His friends look at each other, confused, and say "penis potato boat? That's what he said? What does that mean?" The hillbilly says, "Heck, I don't what it *means*, y'all, all I know is he told me not to worry, because soon there's gonna be a dick 'tater ship!"
What type of clothing does Trump have a secret collection of? Russian ties.
Trump's Wall Won't Matter People will still find a way to cross the border. There's a reason why they're called Mexicans, not Mexican'ts
I though I was a Shoo-in for the Job in Trump's Cabinet... But 10 years at Bellevue, don't count as work experience.
Obama has been unable to to have sex with his wife since leaving office... ...as Reddit has been sucking his dick ever since
Donald Trump is going home, when he sees an anti-Trump rally. A Mexican man sees him walking past and shouts "Not my president!" Trump replys "Not my resident!"
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a rave DJ? The DJ drops the bass.  Trump's base drops him.
Hillary Clinton walked into a bar... of Gold form Saudi Arabia and it fell into her pocket.
Michael Bloomberg just launched a coalition to try and uphold the Paris Accord agreement against Trump's will Guess you could call it an anti-coal-ition.  
I never really thought of myself as a racist before President Trump came along. He and his supporters have really opened my eyes. I fucking hate Orange people.
Donald Trump visits a clairvoyant to ask about the future Clairvoyant: Ah, Mr. President, I see you have taken interest in the future  Trump: Well, I'm the president, I care about the future of the people. Tell me, what awaits?  C: I can tell you only one thing Mr. President. Pick carefully.  T: Alright, will I get elected again?  C: That's too much for me to see.  T: Will Hillary go to jail?  C: I can't see that either.  T: Well tell me the price of a can of coke!  C: About 30 rubles, Mr. President
What is the difference between Donald Trump and a pile of bricks? A pile of bricks can build a wall...
Given how much damage Trump is doing to the environment... his secret service code name is officially "Agent Orange".
Bill Clinton and his razorbacks... Bill Clinton steps off a plane with two Arkansas razorbacks under each arm and then is greeted by a Marine who is saluting him. Bill tells the Marine "Son I would salute you but as you can see I got my hands full with these succulent hogs. I got one here for Hillary and one here for Chelsea." The Marine replies "A mighty fine trade, sir!"   edit - loving how the "alt-left" has come out of the woodworks on this one. Was just testing the waters. And the verdict...a lot(85%) of you have a quality sense of humor. You're alright.
Went onto my favorite porn site and found a video of Trump It was his inauguration, entitled "Rich white man screws entire country at once".
What do Donald Trump and Goldfish have in common? They're both tasteless orange crackers
What did Trump say when he clicked on a photoshopped image of Emma Watson posing naked? "Fake nudes!"
A Russian hooker is knocking all night long on Trump's door... In the morning, he was tired of it, so he let her out. 
Trump shut down an Obamacare provision which gave people better and cheaper access to contraceptives. While becoming the best case as to why contraceptives are extremely necessary in the first place.
Trump's dick is so small... he's the only dude who can fuck you harder AFTER he pulls out.
Before the shooting the worst problem at the congressional baseball game was... Republicans don't want to play left field. Democrats don't want to play right. Nobody wants to play center.
Democrats and Republicans. I was talking to a friend's little girl, and she said she wanted to be President some day.  Both of her parents, liberal Democrats, were standing there, so I asked her, 'If you were to be the President, what's the first thing you would do?' She replied, 'I'd give food and houses to all the homeless people.'  'Wow - what a worthy goal.' I told her, 'You don't have to wait until you're President to do that.  You can come over to my house and mow the grass, pull weeds, and sweep my yard, and I'll pay you $50. Then I'll take you over to the grocery store where the homeless guy hangs out, and you can give him the $50 to use toward food or a new house.'  She thought that over for a few seconds, 'cause she's only 6.  And while her Mom glared at me, the little girl looked me straight in the eye and asked, 'Why doesn't the homeless guy come over and do the work, and you can just pay him the $50?'  And I said, 'Welcome to the Republican Party.'  Her folks still aren't talking to me.
A Hindu, a Jew, and Donald Trump…  A Hindu, a Jew, and Donald Trump are travelling in a car when it breaks down. They walk to a nearby farm and convince the farmer to let them spend the night. There's just one catch: there are only two beds so one of them will have to sleep in the barn.  They draw straws and the Hindu is selected to sleep in the barn. A little while later he knocks on the farmhouse door and says "I can't sleep in that barn. There are cows in that barn and I just can't do it.   So the Jew goes to sleep in the barn. A little while later he knocks on the farm house door and says "I can't sleep in that barn. There are pigs in that barn and I just can't do it. I refuse."  So Trump goes to sleep in the barn. A little while later there is a knock on the farmhouse door and the cow and the pig are at the door...  
Donald Trump should take up skateboarding. He flips some sick 180s.
Why Do Republicans Hate Catholic Priests  It’s cause those damn priests are really into *mass* immigration.
Donald Trump knows something his father didn't know when to *pull out*.
What's the biggest problem with Trump jokes? The biggest problem is that Republicans don't find them  funny and Democrats don't find them as jokes. 
Republicans don't like swaddled babies... Because they're always trying to get a handout.
How does Trump sing Merry Christmas? Feliz Build The Wall!
BS lunch meeting at the White House. I wonder what's on the menu. Border Security is #2, of course. ;)
If Trump's hair sees it's shadow... the government shutdown will last for 6 more weeks.
Did you hear about the Republicans' new initiative to buy glasses for minorities? They're calling it "ethnic lensing."
Some people have compared Trump to Caesar. Would that make him Orange Julius?
If you suck at playing the trumpet that's probably why.
Suspicious Package Delivered to the White House Today A suspicious package was delivered to Trump at the White House today.     It was a book.      The Secret Service is investigating the incident.  
Why does the Trump administration like the new iPhone design? Because Apple de-ported their phones.
I got a joke! I got a joke ! Donald Trump 
"In the Spring of 1971 I met a girl..." - Bill Clinton "Oh god. I hope he's talking about Hillary." - DNC Delegates
How does Bill Clinton get an intern into his office? He calls her on his sexyphone.
Bill Clinton has pledged to make amends by securing 1 million more female votes for Hillary Even if he has to have sex with every one of those undecided voters.
A little boy asks his mother what the difference is between a Democrat and a Republican? The mother thinks hard and comes up with this explanation for the child.  A Democrat is like that very nice aunt you have that always promises to take you to Disneyland.  But something always comes up and you never actually go.  A Republican is like a grumpy uncle.  Every time you ask him about Disneyland he says absolutely not, we don't have enough money.    But then later you find out that he went with out you anyway.    - Corey Kahaney
What is the biggest joke on reddit? /r/The_Donald
Donald Trump loves porn. He’s gonna make American bate again. 
What's Donald Trump's favorite robot? Wall-E
After his visit to Poland, Reports say 74 percent of the natives thought President Trumps visit was a failure... Trump responded, "THE POLS are WRONG, FAKE NEWS!
How many Republicans does it take to change a light-bulb? None.  Trump lies, tells them it was changed and they sit in the dark.
The devil offered Trump a magical elixir The devil held out a goblet.   "If you drink this, you'll become President of the United States. But beware, it will make your penis 3 inches long."  "Wow!" Said Trump, quickly drinking the beverage. "Are there any side effects?"
Breaking News: Bill Gates has agreed to pay for Trump's wall On the condition that he gets to install windows. 
Trump used to love the LGBTQ community... Until he found out it doesn't stand for "Loans Given By The Qataris"
On the night of his inauguration, Donald Trump is visited by 3 ghosts Early in the night, FDR appears. Trump asks him "how can I make America great again?" FDR replies "think only of the people; do not make laws based on hatred, bigotry, or with the thought of lining your own pockets" Trump's face sours "FAKE NEWS!" he screams and FDR disappears. Trump falls back to sleep.  A few hours later, he is awakened by George Washington's ghost. Trump asks "how can I make America great again?" Washington replies "I would suggest you never tell a lie", which infuriates Trump. He screams for his bodyguards but Washington is already gone.  Around 3 in the morning, he is visited by the ghost of Abraham Lincoln. Again, he asks "how can I make America great again?". Lincoln thinks for a bit and says "go to the theater".
What's the difference between Trump and a flying pig? The 'f'
What does Donald Trump say... What does Donald Trump say when Melania pretends to be asleep in the attempt of avoiding sex with him?   Fake Snooze!!!
What did Donald Trump say when he burped during his private meeting with Putin? Pardon me.
Media: trump gets "death by hanging" for being a crooked bastard trump: FAKE NOOSE
Donald Trump calls Angela Merkel  "Angela", he said, "you need to help me! The biggest condom-factory in the US burnt down last night. We really need 1,000,000 condoms! Could you help us?"  "Sure", Angela said, "shouldn't be that much of a problem."  "The condoms must have the national colors of America. Red, blue and white. They must be 11 inches long and 3 inches wide", Trump orders.  Angela: "Okay, das should be doable. I'm on it."  Angela Merkel then calls the head of the biggest condom factory in germany.  "Servus, we need to help the american people! They need 1,000,000 condoms, can you do this?"  "Freilich. Any special wishes?" the manager asks.  Angela: "Yes. They need to be red, blue and white, have to be 11 inches long and 3 inches wide."  Manager: "Sure ding, anything else?"  Merkel said: "Yes. Do me a favor and print "MADE IN GERMANY" on them and put them in boxes with "SMALL" written on it.
What is the Trump administrations least favorite vegetable? Leeks!
How do Mexicans feel about Trump's wall? They'll get over it.
Donald Trump, Kim Jung Un, and Angela Merkel are fishing from a small boat to try, one last time, to negotiate world peace The boat capsizes
What city does Trump spend most of his time in? DupliCity
What do you get when you cross Bernie Madoff with Colonel Sanders? Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump &amp; Hillary Clinton are stuck in the middle of the ocean on small boat together with no food, who survives? America.
Did you hear Donald Trump is outlawing string cheese? Yeah, I guess he wants to make America grate again. 
I heard Donald Trump pardoned two turkeys this year... Eric and Don Jr
From a conversation at the the Thanksgiving table about the turkeys Trump pardoned Why did John Lennon hate carrots?  Because he wanted to give peas a chance.
Saudi Arabia heard that Trump was going to pardon a turkey But they'd still like to have a word with it at their embassy.
What's Donald Trump's favorite Christmas movie? White Christmas 
What's with Trump and landscape equipment? First he's raking for California, now he's hoeing for Saudi Arabia.
President Trump just announced an new tax break for producers of shredded cheese He wants to make America grate again.
A congressional aide asks the politician, “What should we do about this abortion bill?” Politician: Shh. Just pay it.
What do you call chapstick made by President Barack Obama A lip oBALMa
Trump wants to make it illegal to buy pre-shredded cheese It's all part of his plan to make America *grate* again.
It's preposterous that people accuse Trump of being a rapist or a murderer. We all know he's not smart enough to get away with it.
The difference between Trump and a flying pig Is the F 
Donald Trump and Barak Obama end up in the same barbershop Donald Trump and Barack Obama end up in the same barbershop As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were even afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn into politics. As the barbers finished their shaves, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. Trump was quick to stop him saying "No way buddy, my wife will smell that and think I've been in a damn whorehouse." The second barber turned to Obama and said "How about you?" Obama replied, "Go ahead, my wife doesn't know what the inside of a whorehouse smells like.
Donald Trump gave a speech in China Near the end of the speech, he started saying "Ching chong, won ton, dim sum, bong bing!"  Fox News reported, "Donald Trump finished his speech with some heartfelt words in flawless Chinese." A guest asked, "How can you say that? You don't understand Chinese!" The host replied, "No, but I understand politics."
Bill Clinton finds a lantern washed up on the beach... One day Bill Clinton was walking along the beach and found a magic lamp that had washed up, partially buried in the sand. He picked it up, rubbed it and out popped a genie. The genie said, “One wish.” Bill thought for a minute and said, “I want to be the guy who brings peace in the Middle East.” The genie, having been in the lamp for eons, didn't know anything about this and asked Bill to explain. Bill pulled out a map of the Middle East and went through the history and details of the situation. The genie said, ” that's too tall of an order. I’m good but not that good! Do you have another wish?” Bill replied," Well, Hillary wants to be president and I would sure like to be back in the White House, so how about making Hillary the most respected, charismatic and beautiful woman on earth? That would for sure get her elected." The Genie thought for minute and said, “let me see that map again."
How many immigrants does donald trump need to change a lightbulb? None because no juan will be left to change it
Why is taco salad Donald Trump's favorite Mexican food? It has a wall around it.
Why hasn't Donald Trump ever finished a novel? Because he always gets stuck in Chapter 11.
Whats the first thing Donald Trump will do when he's elected as president? Wake up.
Why did Trump call for a ban on all llamas entering the US? because he isllamaphobic
What is Donald Trump's favorite Pink Floyd album? The Wall.
How many Republicans does it take to change a lightbulb? The lightbulb just burned out; this is not the time to discuss it. 
Did you know Bill Clinton can play two instruments? The Saxophone and the whore Monica 
So Saddam Hussein was trying to give George Bush a high-five... But George Bush left him hanging.
Trump is a very reasonable man Sorry I misspoke. I meant Trump is a very treasonable man.
Why did the media attack Obama for his tan suit? Because all of his scandals were fabricated.
What do you call a Trump supporter with a college degree and money to burn? Comrade
Trump: I want to deport 11,000,000 illegal immigrant and 2 puppies. People: 2 puppies!? Why?     Trump: See, nobody cares about the illegal immigrants.
People are outside the White House protesting, screaming IMPEACH IMPEACH IMPEACH! Trump grabs his Switch, runs outside and yells I’M BOWSER, I’M BOWSER!
I heard Trump went to see a tribute act. Apparently it was Fake Muse.
I hear a lot of talk about trump being a traitor. Now is that a nice thing to say about a comrade?
Obama smoked weed, and now look where he is today Unemployed with two kids and evicted
let's trade bad Trump jokes here! Here's mine:    Trump tweets are like a diabetic's toenails : inflammatory, dangerous, and a symptome of a much bigger problem 
Did you hear that Trump has been nominated for a Nobel Prize? He gave Peas a chance.
G.W. Bush, Obama and Trump die and go to heaven... where they meet god sitting on his throne. God asks Bush:" What do you believe in?" Bush answers: "I believe in free trade and our proud nation" and God invites him to his right place. God asks Obama the same question and he answers: " I believe in democracy, help for those who can't help themselfs and world peace" and god invites him to his left. God then asks Trump: "Mr. Trump, what do you believe?"  Trump: "I believe you are sitting in my chair"
Donald Trump has made another controversial pardon with this year’s turkey Personally, I’m just glad he finally gave Peas a chance.  
A child is ill and the make a wish foundation asks what he would like more than anything. The child thinks about it and says, "I'd like to trade places with Donald Trump!" They interpret as he wants to know what it's like to be president for a day.  So they ask Trump, he obliges.  Trump meets the child and asks, "So you want to know what it's like to be president?"  The child, disappointed, retorts "No, I just wanted you to have cancer."
A police officer pulled over a guy who was speeding. He noticed the car had three political stickers on the bumper; one for Trump, one for Hillary, and one for Johnson... A police officer pulled over a guy who was speeding. He noticed the car had three political stickers on the bumper; one for Trump, one for Hillary, and one for Johnson. He walked up to his window, asked if he knows why he was pulled over, and out of sheer curiosity he asked the guy why he has the three different bumper stickers.  "I may have been going a bit fast. Who did you support in 2016?" The officer replied, "Trump. License and registration please."  The man pulled out a laminated pepe driver's license and handed it to the officer, who looked at it and laughed. The officer handed it back to the guy and tells him to have a nice day.   "Build the wall!" shouted the guy as he drove away  The next day a different officer pulled over the same guy, again for speeding. The officer was perplexed by the bumper stickers. He asked the guy if he knew how fast he was going and why he had the different bumper stickers.   "I am not sure my speedometer is working  properly. Who did you support in 16?"  The officer replied he was a libertarian and asked the guy for his license and registration. The man responded "I'm a libertarian too, so we both know this traffic stop, my license and the registration are just additional burdens of taxation against us! A fee every year to drive my car or a speeding ticket is just further feeding big government!"  The officer tipped his hat and said have a nice day.  The next day a different officer pulled over the same guy for speeding. She walked up to the car and noticed the bumper stickers right away. She could see the guy was fastening a something to his lapel. When she got to the window he was wearing a large "I'm with her" button. The officer asked the guy if he knew how fast he was going. She stated she was going to ask about the bumper stickers, but the button said it all.  "I guess I was in a daze thinking about how Trump is our president. It's been two years and I still can't believe it."  The officer asked for the guy's license and registration to which the guy asked, "How have you been holding up?"  The officer stated she was initially disappointed with the outcome of the election but is looking forward to the next two years after the midterm elections. She then took the guys license and registration and returned with a speeding ticket.  "Wait, you're giving me a ticket? But we both we're Hillary supporters? Can you give me a break just this once?"  The officer replied, "actually I voted for Stein."  The guy smiles and pulls out a joint and offers it to the officer.  "Please step out of the car, sir."
Trump should not have said "shit-hole countries". The correct term is "turd-world countries".
When I see Donald Trump I get the same thought in my head as I get after a particularly painful bikini wax. Bush wasn’t that bad. 
My local Trump-supporting grocery store has stopped selling all pre-shredded cheeses ... they want to make America grate again
How is Donald Trump related to this post? They're both jokes. 
JFK put a man on the moon Obama put a man in a woman's bathroom
Why does Donald Trump repeat everything he says in his speeches 3 times? Because you know ,Because you know ,Because you know, his fans, his fans, his fans, wouldnt understand , wouldnt understand, wouldnt understand otherwise, otherwise , otherwise
Hilary Clinton will be the first f president of the united states....  i was gonna say female but someone deleted the emale.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are sitting in a boat. The boat sinks. Who survives? America.
Donald Trump what's 2 + 2? I have to say a lot of people have been asking this question. No, really. A lot of people come up to me, and they ask me. They say, 'What's 2+2'? And I tell them, look, we know what 2+2 is. We've had almost eight years of the worst kind of math you can imagine. Oh, my God, I can't believe it. Addition and subtraction of the 1s the 2s and the 3s. It's terrible. It's just terrible. Look, if you want to know what 2+2 is, do you want to know what 2+2 is? I'll tell you. First of all the number 2, by the way, I love the number 2. It's probably my favorite number, no it is my favorite number. You know what, it's probably more like the number two but with a lot of zeros behind it. A lot. If I'm being honest, I mean, if I'm being honest. I like a lot of zeros. Except for Marco Rubio, now he's a zero that I don't like. Though, I probably shouldn't say that. He's a nice guy, but he's like, '10101000101,' on and on, like that. He's like a computer! You know what I mean? He's like a computer. I don't know. I mean, you know. So, we have all these numbers, and we can add them and subtract them and add them. TIMES them even. Did you know that? We can times them OR divide them, they don't tell you that, and I'll tell you, no one is better at the order of operations than me. You wouldn't believe it. So, we're gonna be the best on 2+2, believe me.
Does Trump wear a rain coat in a Storm? Monica knows. 
If donald trump marries donald duck ,What will they name their child? Donald Dump
Trump just said if he's elected he'll shut down the corrugated container industry He wants to make America crate again 
What do Ted Cruz and a tenage girl's bedroom have in common? **They're a mess.** Credit to [nimble navigator](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/4bafa9/what_do_ted_cruz_and_a_teenage_girls_bedroom_have/)
Why is Donald Trump always seen with Melania? Because all his other wives support Hilary 
So Donald Trump is considered a radical in his own country, he is considered "crazy" by many, he hates people considered minorities to his country, has become immensely notable in the past year, and is enthusiastically trying to start a war between America and the Middle East. Oh my god, Donald Trump is White ISIS.
Did you hear Trump announce he's doing one more season of Apprentice? Winner gets to be V.P.
I don't blame people for not wanting Merrick Garland in the Supreme Court I would be scared too if I had to work with the Incredible Hulk in his later years.   
Did you know that if Hillary Clinton is elected as the U.S. President, she would be the first president to have ever slept with another president.
He's Trump, he's Trump, he's Trump, he's a little square. He's Trump, he's Trump, he's Trump, whats with that hair? Wierd Al on politics
Trump protester: it's impossible to round up 11 million people and ship them somewhere. Trump supporter: why are you denying the Holocaust
What's Bernie Sanders favorite Christmas Carols? deck the halls with boughs of free cash
What do you get when you elect Bernie Sander's son as president? A son Bern
Bernie Sanders is like the Wizard of Oz... ...because he took Kansas by storm.
A Trump Presidency could do wonders for Jodie Foster's career... I'm sure every director will want to cast her in big roles with the hope that another fan will think she's incredible and try to impress her.
What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton? Bill has had sex in the White House.
Trump says he has all the necessary materials to build a wall along the Mexican border After he won, 60 million Democrats shit a brick
Are people eating Tide Pods because Trump is president? Or is Trump president because so many people are willing to eat Tide Pods? 
Donald Trump is introducing a 30% tax on shredded cheese. It's part of his plan to Make America Grate Again.
What's the difference between Adolf Hitler and Donald Trump? Adolf Hitler was an actual leader.
Apparently there is bi-partisan agreement in Congress that medicinal marijuana should be allowed for the purpose of relieving arthritis pain...   In other words, there is joint support for joint support for joint support...
A new stipulation which would have allowed medical marijuana to be prescribed for constipation was rejected in Congress today... The Congressman’s closing remarks were “shit or get off the pot”
Everyone is on Trump for avoiding the WWI Memorial because of rain, but it was really Melania who didn’t want to go. She doesn’t remember what it’s like to be wet.
It's been noted that two out of three of Donald Trump's wives were immigrants. Which just shows immigrants are needed to do the things that the locals are averse to doing . . .
Some people think Trump hasn't done much to create jobs Who do you think is giving all these lawyers so much work? 
The White House informs its supporters it is pulling out of the Paris accord. It was the most difficult 4 phone calls they ever made.
Trump is not a politician He keeps his promises
What's the difference between Jesus and Trump? Jesus has hands big enough to drive a nail through.
President Trump visits a primary school. Donald Trump visits a primary school and sits in on one of the classes, which is in the middle of a discussion on words and their meaning. The teacher asks Mr Trump if he would like to lead the discussion of the word " tragedy'" So, the illustrious leader asks the class for an example of a 'Tragedy'.  One little boy stands up and offers: "If my best friend,who lives on a farm, is playing in the field and a runaway tractor comes along and knocks him dead , that would be a tragedy.  "That's wrong, "Trump shouts. "That would be considered an accident."  A little girl raises her hand: "If a school bus carrying 50 children drove over a cliff,killing everyone inside, that would be a tragedy."  "You are completely incorrect" shouts the President." That would be what we would consider a great loss."   The room goes silent. No other children volunteer.So Trump searches the room. "Isn't there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy?"  Finally at the back of the room a small boy raises his hand. In a quiet voice he says: "If a plane carrying  President Trump were struck by a missile and blown to smithereens,that would be a tragedy."  "Fantastic!" exclaims Trump. "You are absolutely right. Can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?"  "Well," says the boy, " because it sure as hell wouldn't be a great loss and it probably wouldn't be an accident!" 
What's the least favourite vegetable of the Trump administration? Leeks.
Where does Donald Trump do his shopping? Wall-mart.
Trump's favorite sports channel... ESPN Deportes
Trump Sports Drink You can even water your crops with it!  (w/ thanks to Idiocracy)
Trumpets and Guns In a small town, a man just opened a small store selling trumpets and guns. One day his neighbor pays him a visit and says, "So how is your strange business going?"  "What do you mean strange?"  "Because you sell only trumpets and guns!"  "So?"  "Well, let me put it this way, what do you sell the most, trumpets or guns?"  "It evens itself out. Each time a customer buys a trumpet, one of his neighbors buys a gun."
Why are republicans afraid of the ocean? Lots of blue waves 
Ted Cruz releases three new campaign promises: Ted Cruz may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm.      Ted Cruz must obey orders given him by human beings except where such orders would conflict with the First Promise.   Ted Cruz must protect his own existence as long as such protection does not conflict with the First or Second Promise. 
Try to post on Reddit is like being foreign at a Trump rally No matter how well you follow the rules, you always end up getting removed. 
5 blonds are being plied with booze by their male boss. Once they’re drunk he coaxes them into the sauna with him to take compromising photos. A transgendered Democrat, a women’s studies major, a desperate underage actress, an assault rifle and a vegan follow them in. Who leaves first? The assault rifle; he was triggered.  
What’s Michelle Obama’s favorite vegetable? Barack-oli
There's a joke working its way around the White House recently... ...It eats cheeseburgers in bed and wants to build a wall. 
So I proposed a new bill to my congressman that would deport 1,000,000 Mexicans and 1 chicken When he asked about the chicken I said "See no one cares about the Mexicans"
Trump cancelled his trip to Britain because he doesn’t want to go anywhere he doesn’t feel welcome... So what’s he still doing in the white house?
President Trump has declared Palestine "not a Shithole Nation". "It's a Shithole Territory"
President Trump's vocabulary is clearly above 4th grade, for he knows such fancy words as "shithole".
I listen to Bernie Sander's speeches while I workout... I like to Feel the Bern while I feel the burn
Kim Jong Un says to Trump... The only reason your button looks bigger is because your hands are so tiny.  Should this be in r/worldnews instead?
Donald Trump walks into a bar and promptly lowers it
I figured out why republicans hate gays so much. Because gay guys cum from shitholes.
According to the White House, there are two types of countries in this world... Shithole... and peehole. 
Why did Trump ban pre-shredded cheese? Because he wants to make America Grate Again.
When Donald Trump gets schooled by Bernie Sanders... ...it'll be tuition-free
What does Trump and White Supremacists have in common? They are not okkk about diversity of people.
What's Trump's favorite song from the 80s? Shithole - by Toto
I can confirm that Donald Trump has a high IQ. I sold it to him.
Why is it hard to get to know the real Donald Trump? He is obsessed with putting up walls. 
Donald Trump is Outlawing String Cheese He wants to "Make America Grate Again".
Did you hear about Donald Trump's new plan to send money to poor African countries? It's called Orange-Aid
Donald Trump says his son is a high-quality person. This is an obvious lie. After all, everyone knows high-quality items are always displayed in blue text.
The trumpeter A trumpeter is hired to play two solos in a movie. After the sessions he is paid handsomely and promised by the director that he will be notified when the movie is released to the public.   Three months later, he receives a notice that the movie will make its debut in Times Square at a porno house. The musician enters the theatre wearing a dark raincoat and shades. Unaccustomed to porno flicks, he sits in the last row next to an elderly couple.   The film has explicit sex scenes: oral intercourse, anal intercourse, golden showers, sado-masochism and near the end a dog has intercourse with the leading female character.   The musician who is immensely embarrassed turns to the elderly couple and whispers, "I wrote the score and I just came to hear the music", to which the elderly woman whispers in reply, "We just came to see our dog." 
Apparently Donald Trump has banned all grated cheese in stores. He's trying to make "America Grate Again"         Reposted because of grammar
So a reporter from Cosmo got a 1-on-1 interview with Melania Trump.. She asked Melania if she bleaches her asshole.  "Of course not," Melania replied, "he gets spray-tanned."
It was recently discovered that Hillary approached President Trump to ask if she could replace Justice Scalia after his death. Trump replied, "That's perfectly fine with me so long as the undertaker is okay with it."
If Trump gets his wall he should do a State Farm commercial Like a good neighbour stay over there
Whats the difference between Friday afternoon and sex with Donald Trump? Friday afternoon never comes too soon
Donald Trump walks into an iron bar Then we all have to suffer the pain of him tweeting about it.
After Donald Trump was elected president, Stevie Wonder turned to his wife and looked relieved His wife asked, "Stevie, why do you look so relived?" He said: "I may be blind, but at least I'm not black."
What is Donald Trumps favorite food? poo poo salad
In light of Trump’s increasing volume of golf: What’s the difference between Hitler and Trump? It only took Hitler one shot to get out of the bunker he ended up in after succumbing to Russia. 
Why did Donald Trump divorce his first wife? Fake Nudes
Why can't Donald Trump be hung for treason? (This ones different I swear) Because it's hanged you dipshit.
What do Colin Kaepernick and Donald Trump have in common? They both had failing careers before they decided to get into politics. 
What’s the difference between Trump and a Neanderthal? Neanderthals had opposable thumbs
What's Donald Trump's favorite dance move? Hit the Juan
What happens when you call a Trump supporter xenophobic? They do a quick google search and then agree with you.
Why can't Democrats sell pants? They believe in a single-pair system.
I heard that Hillary Clinton is actually made of tofu. She's white, bland, uninspiring and not tasty unless dipped in melty cheese. 
I heard the Bernie Sanders campaign just chose Prince as VP. Makes sense since they're both dead.
What did Donald Trump say to Robert Mueller? Stop Russian to conclusions. 
What do Stephen Curry and Obama have in common? They like to drop it from a distance.
Congress has finally made a decision and just announced that if Roy Moore wins the senate... They will be ending their 'take your daughter to work' program.
What do OJ and Trump not have in common? Trump didn't do it
How many Russians does it take to make Hillary Clinton lose an election? None
Tim Cook joked about Trump getting his name wrong. Trump claimed it was fake news. Shows a lot about their character... But that's comparing apples and oranges
Donald Trump and Barack Obama ended up at the same barber shop Donald Trump and Barack Obama ended up at the same barber shop. As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty. As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife, Michelle, doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
I would have expected Trump's arms to be longer Why? Because of all self back patting he does.
What is Michelle Obamas favorite vegetable? Barak-oli          **Courtesy of** *The Ellen Degenerous show*
Trump should start his own line of hair dye..... His first color could be called imPEACH. 
Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin, Xi Jinping and Jean-Claude Juncker all jump from a plane without a parachute, in what order do they hit the ground? Doesn't matter.
Hillary Clinton would’ve been the first F president. Sorry, I meant to type “Female” but someone deleted the “emale”
Why does Trump want the mentally ill to be able to purchase firearms? So he can own one.  Ba-dum Tiss.
Why don’t Republican politicians introduce stricter gun control bills? Because it’s easier for the NRA to write “no changes.” on the memo line of their donation cheques.  
Donald Trump. I heard this was the subreddit for old jokes that aren't funny and won't die.  &amp;nbsp;  &amp;nbsp;  &amp;nbsp;  &amp;nbsp;  ______________________________________________________ **Edit:** My goal (reddit bucket list type thing) was to create an organic, original, and "successful" joke that made the front page of /r/jokes.  I did, and appreciate that you guys appreciated the joke.  &amp;nbsp;  P.S. Secret Service, NSA, and CIA...Please don't show up on my front door. I know everyone gets all Delores Umbridge uptight and sensitive about this type of stuff, but this is simply a joke.  &amp;nbsp;  P.P.S **(unpopular political opinion warning)** For the record: Despite the fact that I disagree with the President on several things, I'd actually give my life and — hear me out on this — *every* American should (even if you hate every living fiber of him) be willing to give their life to protect Donald Trump as you're portecting far more than the President; *you're protecting the Presidency.*  I get it's not a popular opinion, but, to me, Presidents of the United States are the human version of Lady Liberty; even if the President doesn't quite (or completely fails to) embody the values She represents.  P.P.P.S. Fuck politics, let's all just be nice to each other, eh? 
Putin gave Trump a FIFA ball at Helsinki because he knows Trump will play ball
Trump claims people are trying to persecute him No Mr President, the word is 'prosecute'
I know Donald Trump has 19 women who accuse him of sexual assault, but he is completely innocent. Fake nos.
What's Trump's favorite cartoon? Wouldn'ty Wouldn'tpecker
No surprise Trump invited Putin to Whitehouse... It's common for his generation to invite the boss over for dinner...
What's the opposite of a trump card? a Trumpf card!
Donald Trump has a particularly funny voice... To cover up his Russian accent. 
It always shocks me when people say republicans are anti-communists With trying to make abortions illegal, get rid of birth control, defund planned parenthood, those all are textbook examples of seizing the means of reproduction.
Will Trump ever apologize for calling Kim Jong-Un a "rocket man"? Well I think it's going to be a long, long time...
What does Bill Clinton say to Hillary after sex? "Be home in 20 minutes."
What's an anagram for Donald Trump? "Trol and Dump"
Why did the White House take 12 days before issuing a statement about the incident in Niger? Because it took over a week and a half to train Trump to stop pronouncing “Niger” with an extra “g”...
What does Trump do to a Mexican Bathroom? He deports-a-potty!
Has anyone seen Trump's golden shower sex tape? I heard it leaked.
Donald Trump has an open position in his cabinet ... Donald Trump has an open position in his cabinet. There are 3 candidates. A lobbyist, a campaign contributor, and a Mexican. He interviews them one after another.   The lobbyist he asks: What is 1 + 3?  The lobbyist: Puh, that's a hard question, but my cooperation allows me to pay you 50k if its 6.  Trump takes the money can calls in the campaign contributor. Again he asks what is 1 + 3?  The campaign contributor: Puh, I have to admit I never thought about this problem. The popular vote is 4, and my adviser says 5, but just to be sure I say 3. '3' always fairs well in polls.  Finally Trump interviews the Mexican, and this time too he asks what is 1 + 3?  Mexican: Fácil, lo aprendimos en la escuela. Cuatro, hombre.  Now whom did Trump give the job?  [His son-in-law.](#s)
Donald Trump and Vladamir Putin discuss meddling in US election.. Trump asks "could you do it again in the 2020 election?!" 
What's does Trump and Putin share? The same staff
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a peanut? One is nuts and the other is a healthy snack
Where does Trump get his materials for the wall? WallMart
Why does it seem like Trump's internet activity comes from Russia? Because that's where his I pee address is
On a recent flight from LA to New York, my wife and I had Republican sex We fucked over the country
What do me and Donald Trump have in common? We'd both date his daughter if she wasn't his daughter.  Edit: Okay, this made it to the front page of the sub. I didn't expect this to be my top post of all time, thanks a lot /r/jokes
If I had a dollar for every time the Trump Administration screwed up... I could afford healthcare without the ACA.
The problem with the White House these days... ... is their lack of communication.
Donald Trump says he should be on Mount Rushmore... but there's no room on Mount Rushmore for a Federal Prison.
If Bill Clinton were gay, where would he hide? In the Bushes.
Trump and a Russian man are driving along on a road. Suddenly, Trump's car hits the Russian's. After a while, a policeman and a towing service arrive. The policeman comes up, and before either man can say anything, Trump gets out of the car and yells at the policeman, "There was no collision!"
In the green house lives MR green in the blue house lives MR blue in the pink house lives MRS pink who lives in the white house? The president
If i had a dollar for every time Donald Trump said something dumb, I probably wouldn’t pay my taxes either.
If Trump had actually served in Vietnam... He would’ve fought at the Battle of Hamberder Hill
Trump should Crowd fund his wall! Does Kickstarter accept Peso?
Hillary Clinton should have been the first F president. Sorry, I meant female, but the emale got deleted.
What does Trump call Caitlyn Jenner? Fake boobs!
The Pope and Trump are on stage in front of a huge crowd The Pope leaned towards Mr. Trump and said, "Do you know that with one little wave of my hand I can make every person in this crowd go wild with joy? This joy will not be a momentary display, like that of your followers, but go deep into their hearts and for the rest of their lives whenever they speak of this day, they will rejoice!"  Trump replied, "I seriously doubt that. With one little wave of your hand? Show me!"  So the Pope slapped him
What do you have when you put 20 Trump supporters in the same room? Almost a full set of teeth
Brett Kavanaugh has stated that he will not be pressured into withdrawing his Supreme Court bid by the allegations made against him.  He sounds like the kind of guy who just won't take 'no' for an answer.
Donald Trump spends more money on Trips to play golf at Mara Lago than it would cost to put on the Special Olympics he wants to cut Can we make the Special Olympics Trump golf at Mara Logo ? 
Donald Trump meets the Queen... Donald Trump meets with the Queen. He asks her, "Your Majesty, how do you run such an efficient government? Are there any tips you can give to me?"  "Well," says the Queen, "the most important thing is to surround yourself with intelligent people."  Trump frowns. "But how do I know the people around me are really intelligent?"  The Queen takes a sip of tea. "Oh, that's easy. You just ask them to answer an intelligence riddle."  The Queen pushes a button on her intercom. "Please send Theresa May in here, would you?"  Theresa May walks into the room. "Yes, your majesty?"  The Queen smiles. "Answer me this, please, Theresa. Your mother and father have a child. It is not your brother and it is not your sister. Who is it?"  Without pausing for a moment, Theresa answers, "That would be me."  "Yes! Very good," says the Queen.  Back at the White House, Trump asks to speak with Vice President Mike Pence.  "Mike, answer this for me. Your mother and father have a child. It's not your brother and it's not your sister. Who is it?"  "I'm not sure," says the Vice President. "Let me get back to you on that one."  Mike Pence goes to his advisers and asks every one, but none can give him an answer. Finally, he ends up in the men's room and recognizes General McMasters' shoes in the next stall.  Mike shouts, "General! Can you answer this for me? Your mother and your father have a child and it's not your brother or your sister. Who is it?  General McMaster yells back, "That's easy. It's me!"  Mike Pence smiles. "Thanks!" and goes back to the Oval Office to speak with Trump.  "Say, I did some research and I have the answer to that riddle. It's General McMaster."  Trump gets up, stomps over to Mike Pence, and angrily yells into his face, "No, you idiot! It's Theresa May!"  
When asked if they would have sex with Bill Clinton... ...86% of women in D.C. said, "Not again."
Did you hear about Monica Lewinsky becoming a Republican? The Democrats left a bad taste in her mouth.
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin become Magicians They call themselves ‘collusion’.
Donald Trump walks into a bar.... ....with a frog on his head.  Bartender says "that's amazing, where did you get that?"  Frog says "would you believe it started as a wart on my ass?"
Where does President Clinton come? On a blue dress between two bushes.
What is Donald Trump's favorite summer jam? Despot-cito.
What do you call a Sequoia that hates people who hates Trump supporters, pro-lifers, and vegans? A bigotry.
Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and Bill Clinton die and go to hell. Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and Bill Clinton die and go to hell.  They are lined up in front of three doors. The first is opened to reveal a swarm of wasps and mosquitoes. Satan's voice booms "Mr Obama you have sinned, and now you must spend all of eternity with these vile creations!" And with that, Obama is thrown into the room and the door slams shut.  Clinton and Trump are now terrified. The second door opens, and it reveals a room filled with angry rabid dogs and badgers. Satan's voice booms again "Mr Clinton you have sinned, and now you must spend all of eternity with these ghastly beasts!" And with that, Clinton is thrown into the room and the door slams shut.  Trump is now wetting himself. The final door opens, but instead of there being anything horrific, Trump sees the most drop-dead gorgeous young woman he has ever laid eyes on, with perfect skin, a stunning face, and thick flowing hair. Satan's voice booms one final time "Mrs Samson you have sinned…"  
It’s sad how Democrats and Republicans can never agree on anything. They can’t even choose which type of ice they will remove.
Donald Trump is giving a speech, and his bodyguard spots somebody about to shoot the president... The bodyguard leaps up and shouts "MICKEY MOUSE"  Confused, the shooter stops and asks, "why did you shout Mickey mouse?"  The bodyguard replies "oh sorry, i meant to say DONALD, DUCK!"
What's the difference between Prince's guitar and Donald Trump? One's a sexy Fender.
I have a bumper sticker that says 'Honk if you love Trump' So that everytime someone honks I can give them the finger.
What do Libertarians call Tic Tacs? Tics, because they’re against tacses
Why is it impossible to throw a beer at Trump? Because he's a draft dodger
What do you call Donald Trump getting pissed on while listening to, The Devil Went Down To Georgia? A Stormy Daniels. 
Trump has been an environmentalist all along He keeps repeating:  “no coal usin’”, “no coal usin’”.
What's alike about Trump's kids and Syria? He had awful timing pulling out
When Trump won the election, republicans threw wild celebrations It was a political party.
Donald Trump's Library Burned Down... In a disastrous fire that destroyed Trump's library huge damages were sustained and all his books were lost. The real tragedy is that he hadn't finished coloring one yet!
Bernie Sanders said it's time for him to cut the BS His new name is Ernie Anders 
Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, and Bernie Sanders are on a plane. The plane crashes. Who survives? America 
what's the difference between /r/politics and /r/SandersForPresident? none.
Obama was scheduled to visit a Catholic church... An aide to President Barack Obama visited the Cardinal of the Catholic cathedral in Washington.  He told the Cardinal that President Barack Obama would be attending the next mass, and he asked if the Cardinal would kindly point out Obama to the congregation and say a few words that would include calling Obama a saint.   The Cardinal replied, "No. I don't really like the man, and there are issues of conflict with the Catholic Church over certain of Obama's views.  Obama's aide then said, "Look, I'll write a check here and now for a donation of $10,000 to your church if you'll just tell the congregation you see Obama as a saint." The Cardinal thought about it and said, "Well, the church can use the money, so I'll work your request into tomorrow's sermon."   As Obama's aide promised, Obama appeared for the Sunday worship and seated himself prominently at the forward left side of the center aisle. As promised, at the start of his sermon, the Cardinal pointed out that Obama was present. The Cardinal went on to explain to the congregation, "While President Obama’s presence is probably an honor to some, the man is not numbered among my personal favorite personages. Some of his views are contrary to tenets of the Church, and he tends to flip-flop on many other issues. Barack Obama is a petty, self-absorbed hypocrite, a thumb sucker and a nit-wit. Barack Obama is also a serial liar, a cheat, and a thief. I must say, Barack Obama is the worst example of a Christian I have ever personally witnessed. He is a narcissist and is using his speaking ability to lie to the American people. He also has a reputation for shirking his obligations, both In Washington and in Illinois. The man is simply not to be trusted."   The Cardinal concluded, "But, when compared with Hillary Clinton, Obama is a Saint."
the biggest joke of all time Trump 
Trump, Putin and Merkel meet on a ship in the Nordsea to discuss which U-boats to use for the NATO. Trump, Putin and Merkel meet on a ship in the Nordsea to discuss which U-boats to use for the NATO.    Trump: "American U-boats are the best boats in the world, they can stay under water for a year!".    Putin: "Ha, If you Americans had better spice you would know that soviet boats are the best boats in the world!"    They both look at Merkel, waiting for what she would say, but before she has time to come up with something a U-boat emerges from the sea and a man in a black uniform emerges and screams: "HEIL HITLER, WE NEED MORE DIESEL!"
The President is walking out of the White House and heading toward his limo, when a possible assassin steps forward and aims a gun. A secret service agent, new on the job, shouts “Mickey Mouse!”  This startles the would be assassin and he is captured.   Later, the secret service agent’s supervisor takes him aside and asks, “What in the hell made you shout 'Mickey Mouse'?”  Blushing, the agent replies, “I got nervous. I meant to shout...... “Donald duck.”
Hillary, Donald Trump, and Barack Obama were waiting in the green room before a banquet with the movers and shakers of DC... Suddenly a heavenly chorus of angels sang, and God appeared to the trio.  In a booming voice God said, “Each of you may ask one question, and I will answer it.”  Obama asked, “Will there ever be another black president?”  God replied, “Yes. But not during your lifetime.”  Trump asked, “Will liberals ever think I was a good president?”  God said, “Yes. But not during your lifetime.”  Hillary asked, “Will I ever be president of the United States?”  God answered, “Yes. But not during MY lifetime.”
When Obama gave his first speech as president he was behind bulletproof glass I don't think it's fair..  just cuz he black don't mean he gunna shoot anyone
What's the difference between ex-cons and congressmen? Every once in a while ex-cons pass a few good bills.
Why does Donald Trump tweet at 3 AM? Because it’s 10am in Moscow during business hours.
A mexican kid walks up to Donald Trump... And says, "One day I want to be a president like you."  Donald Trump is disgusted and replies, "Are you stupid? Are you retarded? Have you lost your mind?"  The Mexican kid then says, "Actually, I don't want to be president​. Those are too many requirements."
A red man lives in the red house. A blue man lives in the blue house. A purple man lives in the purple house. Who lives in the White House? An orange man 
Under President Trump, ISIS continues to spread across Middle East as a fine red mist. 
Donald Trump Gets Into An Elevator... A beautiful woman gets on at the next floor. It's just the two of them. "Oh my God! You're Donald Trump. I've always admired you. Can I give you a blow job?" Trump looks at her and says "What's in it for me?"
Little Trump's teacher once asked a question to her class Teacher: Class , what makes you a human, different from other animals?  Little Clinton raised his hands and said  "I can speak and express myself. Animals can't do that."  Next was Little Obama ,  "I can imagine and feel the suffering of other living beings and that determines my choice of actions".  Then it wad Little Trump's turn.  "I can correctly tick all the pictures with street signs or gas stations. None of the animals can outsmart me in that".
Trump is banning telephone calls to and from the middle east I can't believe our president created the teleban!
Trump will take his time considering new FBI director candidates... Until the Kremlin fixes its routers to give him an answer.
"TRUMP IS GOING TOO FAR" He deported a printer cause it didnt have papers!!
Whats the difference but necessary similarity between Trump and JFK? Idk cause they'll put you on a list for the punchline.
If Trump takes a selfie, it's automatically becomes a dickpic. 
Donald Trump is a communist He likes seizing womens' means of production   
A lone sniper was just about to assassinate Donald Trump. Just at the last moment, one of the President's bodyguards spotted him. He immediately shouted "Mickey Mouse, Mickey Mouse" A shot rang out and Trump fell dead. As his aides gathered round the body, one of them asked the bodyguard why he had shouted "Mickey Mouse" 'I'm sorry" he said "I meant to shout "Donald, duck"
A blond, a rabbi, a schoolkid, a lawyer, a prostitute, the pope, a pirate and George Bush walk into a bar... The bartender says:  Is this a joke?
What is common between Donald Trump and an old asshole They're both wrinkled and full of shit
Bill Gates has agreed to pay for Trump's wall On the condition he can install windows.
Trump's battle against ISIS is the grand strategy equivalent of a Patriots-Cowboys game. A lot of people you talk to somehow want both to lose.
Great news America! The results from President Trump's colonoscopy test are back! They found his head…
Why do Republicans hate sick eagles? Because they're illegals 
What's Donald Trumps favorite movie? From Russia With Love...
Someone should switch Trump's carrier to Sprint... Can't tweet with terrible covfefe 
A border patrol official comes into the Oval Office and says to Trump... "Sir, because of the trauma of being separated from their parents, three Brazilian children fell deeply sick last night." Trump looks absolutely devastated. He sinks back in his chair, murmuring "oh my god" to himself over and over. Then he composes himself and says: "Okay. Just remind me, how many are there in a brazillion?"
On the immigration debate, Donald Trump said of other countries: "They're not sending us their best people." On a side note, Mary Anne MacLeod illegally migrated to the US in 1929. A few years later she gave birth to Donald Trump.   So he may have a point.
Donald Trump is so smart that .......... (In the style of Chuck Norris I present you the opportunity to add your own comments)
Bill Clinton Dies and Goes to Heaven... Bill Clinton dies and is met by Saint Peter at the Pearly Gates.  St. Peter greets Bill with some warmth and a smile.  Bill is a bit confused, but goes along with the warm welcome.  Further adding to Bill's confusion is what seems to be an infinite wall of old clocks.    Bill asks, "Peter, what are all of these clocks for?"    "They are lie counters, Bill," Peter responded.  "Each time a person lies, the second hand moves one tick."  Bill looks a little closer and sees a clock with Mother Theresa written on the tag.  It was sitting with all three clock hands perfectly on the 12.    "That is good proof that Mother Theresa never told a lie," explained Peter.    Bill looked around and saw another clock that was marked Abraham Lincoln.  This clock read 5 seconds past noon.  Peter remarked, "Ah, the famous Abraham Lincoln.  He was a good man, but he was a politician.  He did tell a few lies to get into office!"  After hearing this, Bill started to look around with some fervor.  He searched and searched, but could not find what he was looking for.  Peter noticed this and inquired about Bill's search, "What are you searching for, Bill?"  "I am looking for my wife Hillary's clock!  I want to know how many times she has lied!"  Peter smiled as he replied, "God has a special place for her clock, Bill.  He keeps it in his office as a ceiling fan!"
One day, Justice Ginsburg will no longer be a part of the Supreme Court On that day, the court will be Ruthless.
Why did Bill Clinton have an affair with Monica? Because Hillary only blows elections.
By calling for deportation and no judges /trials for immigrants, Trump really does want justice at the border. *just ICE.   Damn auto correct. 
What is Hillary Clinton's least favorite vegetable? Leaks
There's going to be a Wizard of Oz reboot where Donald Trump plays all four of the main characters . . . He's already got no heart, no brain, no courage, and destroys people's lives using real estate.
What do you get when you cross Gilbert Gottfried and Donald Trump? A migraine.
Why were Trump’s staffers frantically searching for a man in a striped shirt? They were confused because Trump kept yelling “Where’s wall dough?! Help me find wall dough!”
Why will Congress never impeach Trump? Because Republicans always insist on carrying a baby to full term.
Bill Gates has agreed to fund Trump's border wall... On the one condition that they install Windows.
Trump wants the shutdown to go on for as long as possible. He thinks that way we won't be able to hold another election.
What are Americans most afraid of in Hilary Clinton? Her Penis
One day Donald Trump's nudes will leak... And he'll do a press conference where he will announce: FAKE NUUUUDES
What does Donald Trump call a rope that snaps when trying to hang a person? Fake Noose.
What did Trump say when he hit the button on his alarm clock but it wouldn't stop beeping? Fake snooze
The best sort of person to seduce would be a Trump supporter Cause even if you don’t live up to any of your promises they won’t care, and you can just pretend like you did anyway.
Difference between Democrats and Republicans. A boy and his father were having lunch at a D.C. restaurant when the young boy had to go to the bathroom. His father told him where it was and waited for him to return.   When the boy returns he tells his father, "Dad, I just saw a Democrat masturbating in the bathroom!".   His father asks, "How did you know he was a Democrat?".   The boy responds, "Dad, if he had been a Republican he would have been fucking somebody.".
Is anyone else a little upset that Donald Trump used "fake news" Instead of "faux reals"?
Breaking News: Bill Gates has agreed to pay for Trump's wall On the condition he gets to install windows
What do Democrats do when they lose a game of CSGO? They blame the Russians.
What's the similarity between Trump and Pink Floyd? They both got famous from The Wall. 
Donald Trump finally revealed his plans to defeat North Korea He's buying it and turning it into a Trump brand business
What do. A trumpet and a pirate have in common? They both commit murder on the high C(sea)
What does Congress do when they lose a game of CSGO? They blame the Russians.
I once went to dinner with Hillary Clinton, but the waiter never came to our table. I guess it was a secret server.
Why does Trump watch the Olympics? To see how high the Mexican pole vaulters can go
Donald Trump went to London and met with the Queen "Your Queenship, “ he asked her. “I am finding things way more difficult than I could have imagined. May I ask you - how do you run such an efficient government?  Are there any tips you can give me?”    “Well," replied Her Majesty, "the most important thing is to surround yourself with intelligent people."   Trump frowned.   "But how do you know the people around you are really intelligent?" he asked.   "Oh, that's easy” the Queen replied. “You just ask them to answer an intelligent riddle”.   She pushed a button on her intercom. “Please send Theresa May in here."   The Prime Minister walked into the room.   “You called for me, Your Majesty?"   "Answer me this, if you would, Theresa. “ the Queen said. “Your mother and father have a child. It is not your brother  and it is not your sister. Who is it?”    Without pausing for even a second, Theresa May answered, “That would be me."   "Yes! Very good,” said the Queen.   Trump went back home, returned to the White House and the very next day called for Mike Pence to come and see him.   Pence duly trotted in to the Oval Office   “Mike, answer this for me,’ said the Don. “Your mother and your father have a child. It's not your brother and it's not your sister. Who is it?”    "I'm not sure," said Pence. “Let me get back to you on that one.   Pence went panicking off to his advisers and asked everyone, but none of them could give him an answer.    The next night, as it happened, Pence ran in to Hillary Clinton in a restaurant. By now, desperate for an answer to give to his tyrannical boss, he approached her – much to her surprise.     “Hillary, I know we haven’t always seen eye to eye but I would really appreciate it if you could answer this riddle for me   “Sure, Mike “Hillary said. “I’m not one to hold a grudge. What is it?”   “Thanks, said Pence,” It’s this.  Your mother and father have a child and it's not your brother or your sister. Who is it?”    Hillary answered right back, “That's easy, it's me!"   Pence smiled,  “Thanks!"   Pence then went back to speak with Trump. "Say, boss, I did some research and I have the answer to that riddle.  It’s  Hillary Clinton.”   Trump got up, stomped over to Pence, and angrily yelled at him. "No, you idiot! It's Teresa May!!" 
Donald Trump goes to a fortune teller and asks "When am I going to die?" The fortune teller replies: "you will die on a major Mexican holiday."  Trump asks: "Which Mexican holiday? Cinco de Mayo? Dia de los muertos?"  The fortune teller replies: "ANY day you die, Donald, will be a major Mexican holiday!"
Why did Donald Trump rush to Macy's? He heard they had Ivanka's clothes half off  
What's the difference between Trump and the Hindenburg? One's a flaming ball of Nazi gas and the other is a dirigible.
Why is trump doing so poorly as president? Because the U.S. is an Obama-nation
Trump, Putin the Pope and Kim Jong-Un travelling by the sam airplane The plane's engines are sudenly stopped, and they starts to falling. They have only three parachutes. The first one is grabbed by Trump and he sais: "I'm the most important person on Earth, I have to survive" and he jumps. The other one is grabbed by Kim Jong-Un and he sais: "I'm the mastermind, I'm the most clever man on Earth I have to live" after that he jumps. The pope takes a deep breath and sais to Putin: Go with the third parachute son, may the Almighty helps me. Putin replies: "Both of us can survive Holy Father, because the Mastermind jumped with the fire extinguisher."
Trump and Bannon have started a new White nationalist movement The Klueless Klucthing Klan
Trump is really bringing the nation together... Everyone I know seems to be rallying behind "Fuck Trump".
What went wrong with Trump's Suicide Attempt Fake Noose
How are Libertarians and National Socialists similar? They both follow Austrian economics.
Why does president Trump need a carpenter? To fix his Cabinet. 
A man was running down the street shouting "Trump is a lying pig" Over and over. He was later arrested for revealing national secrets. 
How do people feel when Trump fires them? They're diss-appointed  &amp;#x200B;  \*credit my gf
What's the worst part of being a gay Republican? Having to beat yourself up in the parking lots of bars.
George W. Bush, Barack Obama and Donald Trump are standing in front of god ... God begins by asking Bush: "George, in what do you believe?"  Bush: "I believe in free trade and the USA as a strong nation".  God, seemingly impressed: "You may sit to my right".  Then God looks at Obama and asks "Barack, in what do you believe?".  Obama: "I believe in democracy, helping the poor and in world peace."  God is impressed: "You may sit to my left".  Then he turns to Trump, and asks: "Donald, in what do you believe?".  Trump: "I believe that you are sitting in my chair."
Why did the doctor diagnose Trump with autocannibalism? Because he's full of himself.
Donald Trump is riding around town in his motorcade, and suddenly he gets hungry. He tells the driver "I want something to eat". His chauffeur, well aware of the President's predilections, suggests stopping by Hooters for a snack. The President says "No, I'm not going there! I want to be served by people that cater only the Right Wings!".
Personally I don’t think Trump can get impeached He will get imoranged!
Now I see why Donald Trump doesn't like Pakistan. They stole his favorite city name.
George Bush wanted to know how to better run his government so he asked the Queen while he was visiting the UK. He asked "So, your Majesty, how do you run your country so well?". The Queen just smiled and said " Simple, I just surround myself with smart people. Watch." She called Tony Blair over and asked " Tony, who is the child of your father?" Tony, without skipping a beat, replied " Me". Impressed, Bush heads back to the States and decides to try this out. He asks Condoleeza Rice the same question, and she replies " Hm, I'll get back to you on that. " She then asks Sarah Palin "Sarah, who is the child of your father ?" And Sarah says " Me." She then heads back to Bush and when he asks her "Who is the child of your father", she replies "Sarah Palin!!". Bush loses his cool and shouts "No you idiot, it's Tony Blair!"
Why does Donald Trump take Xanax? For Hispanic Attacks
Amazon’s facial recognition matched 28 members of Congress to criminal mugshots Now they just have to fine tune it a bit to pick up the other five hundred and seven.
You're not the Trump's Hall of fame star but... If I could, I would smash you  Have a nice day!
So there’s two Mathematicians and two Physicists getting a train to a Congress. Before they buy tickets. While the Physicists got two tickets, the mathematicians only get one. As soon as they see the conductor they both get into the same toilet. So when he knocks on the door they only push one ticket underneath the door. On the way back, the Physicists buy one ticket only while the Mathematicians don’t buy any. Again the Physicists are confused. As soon as they see the conductor they leave for the toilet. One of the Mathematicians follows them knocks on the door and says: “Ticket, please.”
Donald Trump is leaving the White House on his way to Capitol Hill Donald Trump is leaving the White House on his way to Capitol Hill when he says to himself, "You know, it's been a long time since I drove a car. Capitol Hill isn't far. I'd like to drive there today." So he walks up to his driver and tells him to get in the backseat.  Everything is going well when he pulls up to one of the checkpoints outside of the Capitol building. The guard walks over, and then visibly startled, just waves him through.  A second guard sees all this and asks the first guard, "Who was that guy? Why didn't you ask for identification?"  The first guard says, "I didn't recognize him and couldn't really get a good look, but his driver was Donald Trump!"
What's a Trump supporters favorite gun? Cult 45
If Trump played an RPG, what would his main weapon be? Fire staff.
What did Trump mean when he said he would Make America Great Again? He would bring back slavery.
Donald Trump is giving a tour of the Oval Office He points the various cool things out to the guests: the desk, the presidential seal on the carpet.  One of the guests points to the various phones on the desk and asks, "what are those for?"  "Well," says the President, "this one is a direct line to the president of China. I can call him anytime, day or night, to discuss important issues."  "This one, that's a direct line to the EU. This one, Japan. And that one is a direct line to the Queen of England."  One of the guests asks, "which phone connects to president Putin in Russia?"  "Oh, none," says the Donald. "There's a speaker on the wall."
What’s the difference between Donald J Trump and Stormy Daniels? One is a whore who fucks people for money and the other is an adult film maker. 
Donald Trump is visiting Scotland... ...and he is looking around a hospital. When he goes into one ward, a patient sits up and exclaims "Wee, sleekit, cowerin', timorous beastie! O what a panic's in thy breastie!"    Not knowing quite what to make of this, the Pres goes on to the next bed where the patient cries out "Fair fa' your honest sonsie face, great chieftain o' the pudden race!"    And the next patient chips in, "Some hae meat and cannae eat, and some wad eat that want it; But we hae meat and we can eat, and sae the Lord be thankit!"    Turning discreetly to the doctor who is showing him round, Trump enquires, "So, is this the psychiatric ward or something?"    And the doctor says "Och no, sir...    "...it's the Burns Unit."
When I heard that Donald Trump want to make America great again, I thought he was thinking waging a world war to make jobs Just like what Hillary was planning to do in the Middle East and Central Asia.
What's the only thing Trump likes about Mexico? The golf
Who hates illegal immigration the most, Trump or Republicans in general? Actually, it's Native Americans.
What do Democrats do when they lose a game of CSGO? They blame the Russians.
What is the difference between a suicide bomber and a Liberal. Suicide bombers know what their gender is. 
Why are 13,000 investors angry at Bernie? He Made Off with their money!!
Can you believe that some parts of triangles support Trump? I hate right angles
What is Trump's favorite album? The Wall - Pink Floyd
What do you call Donald Trump if he gets infected with a virus that turns him into a zombie? President Evil
What was the codename for the transition from Obama to Trump? Orange is the new black
Trump Space Force Did you hear Trump is going build a Space Force?  Uranus is going to pay for it.
Trump calls Queen Elizabeth II on the phone They discussed politics, Brexit, and many other things for a few minutes, before Trump started off a new topic tangent;  "You know, I've been thinking, and your country- and may I say, it used be be a YUGE empire but is now full of migrants from shithole countries- is ruled by a monarch, so it's called a monarchy, right?"  "Yes, Mr. Trump, that's correct."  "Okay, okay, so then a country like Monaco, at least the parts that aren't no go zones filled with some very BAD people, believe me - is ruled by a prince, so it's called a principality, right?"  "Yes, Mr. Trump."  "Okay, so I was thinking, in order to make America great again, we need to rename ourselves a 'Presidentiality'. What do ya think?"  "Well, Mr. Trump, at the moment I think calling it a country suits things just fine."
Trump, Putin, and Merkel are walking along a waterfront Trump says, "American submarines are the best. The best, let me tell you. They can stay underwater for two weeks, okay. Two weeks. When anybody asks me who builds the best submarines, I say America. Nobody builds better submarines than us."  Putin says, "That is good, Donald, but I'm afraid Russian submarines can stay underwater for two months at a time."  Suddenly, there is a big commotion in the water. As Trump, Putin, and Merkel turn their heads, they see a large submarine surfacing. Moments later, the hatch opens, and a man in uniforms pops out and says, "Heil Hitler, is ze war over yet?"
What's Donald Trump's favorite drink? A white russian
What is Donald trump’s favorite chemical process? When two molecules bind temporarily because of random polarization Oh f*k it it’s van der walls forces
What's the difference between Harvey Weinstein and Donald Trump? Recorded bragging.
If Trump was a communist... He wouldn't say 'Grab her by the pussy', he would say 'SEIZE THE MEANS OF PRODUCTION.'
(Bad joke)what do you call a musician that looks like Donald Trump Donald trumpet
What Major League Baseball team would Donald Trump play for? The Dodgers. 
White House painting tender. Donald trump wants to paint the white house. He calls for tenders from China, Europe and India.    Chinese guy quoted 3 million U$   European guy quoted 7 million U$   Indian guy quoted 10 million U$   Trump asked chinese guy, how did you  quote 3 million..?"     Chinese guy replied "1 million for paint 1 million for labour 1 million profit."     Trump asked european guy, He replied-" 3 million for paint 2 million for labour 2 million profit"       Trump asked Indian guy.. He replied." 4 million for you, 3 million for me and we will give 3 million to the chinese guy and ask him to paint..!!   Indian got the contract !
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a pumpkin? Both are orange and wrinkled but a pumpkin has thicker skin.
Why am I against Donald Trump's wall idea? It will make fleeing to Mexico more difficult when he ruins our country.
Why will Donald Trump pardon his first turkey this year? Because the bird is accused of fowl play
A uniform company sent President Trump a dressed mannequin with no legs. They heard Trump had issues with people taking the knees.
What is the difference between trump and a computer? I give a fuck if my computer dies!
Democrats and Republicans Why is the Democrat mascot a donkey? Because all of them are Asses. What about Republicans? Well, they are kind of the elephant in the room.
What did Donald Trump say when he went Kayaking? Fake Canoes!
Bush, Obama, and Trump are killed in a horrendous terrorist attack, and they all go to meet God. God says to Bush, "what do you believe in?" Bush says, "freedom, liberty and the goodness of every American."  God says, "take the seat at my right. Obama, what do you believe in?" Obama says "peace, hope, and the goodness of every American."  ....  God says "take the seat at my left. Trump, what do you believe in?" Trump says "Believing -- now let me tell you, some of my supporters are the biggest believers you ever met. Church three four times a week. They love me. They say, Trump you're the guy for us. That's how I won. You know I won the election 306 electoral votes, biggest landslide many people have ever seen. Many people were saying, 'Trump, no there's no way, he can't do it.' But here I am, can you believe it? So, I go to these places in the middle of nowhere and I go to these churches and the people love me. They bring two books -- the Bible and the Art of the Deal -- those are their two books. And it's very very special and great."
A Russian guy, a German guy and Trump saw a couch. When they got closer an old man told them... A Russian guy, a German guy and Trump saw a couch. When they got closer an old man told them,  -	don’t touch the couch it’s cursed.   The German pushed the Russian guy, so he lost his balance and fell on the couch. The next day the Russian guy had the ugliest girlfriend you could imagine.   The day after that the German guy nudged the couch and he also got a hideous girlfriend.   The third day they would meet, and Trump showed up with a beautiful woman. Of course, the others became curious and asked him how he got her?    -	She touched the couch...   (Got to be this reason or maybe it’s the money thing, who knows). 
An atheist, a feminist, and a Trump supporter walk into a bar I know because they each told me within the first 10 seconds of meeting them. 
Hillary's emails would make the perfect construction material for building the great Trump Wall...   Since no one can get the fuck over them.
Have you read Trump's book on finances? It has four Chapter 11s.
If Trump played DnD, what weapon would he use? Fire staff
There was a fight in the White House between the president and the First Lady She said her text messages are always left on red. 
Why did Trump's IKEA furniture keep falling apart? Fake screws
What's Donald Trump's favourite baseball team? The Dodgers.
How many Republicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Answer: One, but an immigrant could do a better job for a lower price. 
What do you do with a rubber trumpet? Join an elastic band.
[politics] If Donald Trump was a spy, what would his code name be? Agent Orange.
Pope Trumps The Pope and Trump are on stage in front of a huge crowd.  The Pope leaned towards Trump and said, "Do you know that with one little wave of my hand I can make every person in this crowd go wild with joy? This joy will not be a momentary display, like that of your followers, but go deep into their hearts and for the rest of their lives whenever they speak of this day, they will rejoice!."  Trump replied, "I seriously doubt that. With one little wave of your hand? Show me!"  So the Pope slapped him!
What is Trump’s favorite brand of cookie? Fake Newtons 
The US postal service releases a stamp of Donald Trump After sometime, reports start to come in that the stamp was not sticking. Infuriated that his own stamps were not working, Trump conducted a $1,300,000 investigation to find out what happened. After eliminating all of the possibilities, they observe the post office to see if the fault was on the consumers end. They soon found out that people were spitting on the wrong side.
LockedTrump is blaming Sanders for the violence at his rally... because you can't truly be Hitler until you blame a jew for all your problems.  
We should build the wall along the border out of Hillary's emails. Republicans sure as hell can't seem to get over them.
If the Media is the enemy of the people... Is Donald Trump the Enema of the People? 
Putin been giving Trump lessons on how to play chess But the only thing Donald could remember was that it's important to block The Queen.
The red man lives in the red house, the green man in the green house and the blue man lives in the blue house. Who lives in the white house? The orange man
Donald trump wants to paint the white house... He calls for quotes.   Chinese guy quoted 3 million.  European guy quoted 7 million. Lebanese guy quoted 10 million.  Trump asked Chinese guy,"How did you quote 3 million?"  Chinese guy replies, "1 million for paint 1 million for labor 1 million profit.."    Trump asked European guy and he replies, "3 million for paint 2 million for labor 2 million profit.."     Trump asked Lebanese guy and he replies, "4 million for you.. 3 million for me.. ..  .. and we will give 3 million to the Chinese guy and ask him to paint!"    Lebanese guy gets the contract! 
Neither President Obama nor President Trump has done anything for the people of Mississippi. For example, they still live there.
What does Trump want for Christmas? beautiful clean coal from Santa “Mueller” Clause.  I hope this hasn’t been said before.
So my US History teacher ask us a question... The question was give an example of hypocrisy in US history  &amp;#x200B;  Apparently congress trying to impeach Clinton for a blowjob wasnt a suitable answer.
Vote Tuesday. If you’re voting by mail... Democrats, be sure to use enough stamps on your ballot. Republicans, be sure to use enough stamps on your bombs.   Bill Maher, Real Time with Bill Maher monologue. November 2 2018. 
What do you call a zombie at a trump rally? Starving
How many cheerleaders does it take to make a Trump rally successful? All of them.
Donald Trump had a dream that he died and went to heaven St Peter told him he was assigned to the  Sheep Ranch for former presidents.  The first night in the bunk house, the former presidents were quick to offer advice.  Reagan said he liked to use his lasso, as it showed talent Ford said he liked to chase them into a corner of the fence, as it showed athleticism. Nixon said he liked to jam one leg down each of his boots, so his hands were free.  The Donald thought for a moment and said "Those  methods are all well and fine, but what I want to know is, how do you kiss them?" 
Donald Trump asks his son Eric for dating advice Eric says, "Well, dad, this is what I do. I go get a potato, stick it in my underwear, and walk around showing that off. All the ladies fall for it!"  Donald agrees it sounds like a bigly good idea, so the next day he goes to the White House kitchen and grabs the biggest potato he can find, shoves it into his Speedo, and goes off to the beach.  On the beach, everyone who sees him is stunned and cannot stop staring at the yuge bulge, and Donnie is very proud of it, making sure to walk up and down the beach so all the ladies can get a good look at it.  However, as the day goes on, no women indicated being attracted to Donald, and he finally goes home that evening in a rage. He storms into Eric's room and yells, "It didn't work you idiot!", pulling the potato out and flinging it at Eric.  After dodging the potato, Eric shouts, "Dad, wait! It was supposed to go in the front!"
So Donald Trump is standing on the nearly completed US-Mexican wall... President Trump is standing on the US-Mexico border, next to his nearly completed border wall.  Alongside him is the president of Mexico who is smiling and looking genuinely pleased.  **Trump**: “I have just added the final brick onto the wall so it is now complete. What are you smiling about.”  **Mexican President**: “I’m just really happy that you decided to build this beautiful wall.”  **Trump**: “Why?”  **Mexican President**: “Because you are in Mexico at the moment.”   
Best Donald Trump Jokes Donald Trump is so privileged that the first job he ever had to apply for was president of the United States." –Stephen Colbert
What Trump's campaign slogan be if Obama wrote it? "make hope audacious again"
Trump runs this country like he runs many of his buisnesses Into the ground
One day, when Donald Trump is dead, in his tombstone, we'll read: "HERE LIES DONALD TRUMP" "EVEN THOUGH HE'S DEAD, HE'S STILL LYING!"
So one day, Hillary Clinton was going to an elementary school to talk aboit her job. She gives a speech and then asks for questions. Little Timmy raised his hand and Hillary called on him. "I have three questions. 1) What was Ben Ghazi? 2) What was the Uranium One deal? 3) What happened back in Arkansas?" Hillary was just about to answer his question when the recess bell rang and all of the kids went outside. When they all came back in, Hillary continued with questions. Now, she pointed to little Johnny. "Okay, I have five questions. 1) What was Ben Ghazi? 2) What was the Uranium One deal? 3) What happened back in Arkansas? 4) Why did the recess bell ring twenty minutes early? 5) Where is Little Timmy?"
What did Putin say to Obama when he annexed Ukraine? Crimea river.
Donald Trump joined the wrong political party... ... the democrats are supposed to be the ones with the ass.
Elon Musk should offer ten political leaders like Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump, Kim Jong Un and Bashar all Assad the same deal Yusaku Maezawa just offered ten top artists: a trip around the moon in SpaceXs BFR. If they come back after seeing the earth from afar, they will be humbled and will understand we need to be united as humans and work together to save our fragile planet. And if they blow up on launch, it's still a win.
Why did Trump get into politics? Stormy Daniels told him to do something about that bush.
What does Donald Trump's hair and a thong have in common? They both barely cover the ass.
Why did Melania blow Donald Trump? She thought if she kissed a toad he'd finally become a prince.
I asked my Mexican friend if he will be upset if Trump manages to build the wall. He said, “ Eh. I’ll get over it.”
Why doesn't trump wear glasses? Because he gots 2020.
A couple of hours after Trump approved "offensive" cyber strikes against Iran's missile systems, he is heard shouting at his generals Trump : WHAT DO YOU MEAN WE ARE NOT SENDING THE TROOPS????  General : But..But… sir, this is an attack via cyber space..  Trump : DO YOU THINK I AM THAT STUPID?? WHAT'S THE SPACE FORCE FOR THEN???
What is Donald Trumps favorite bullet? A .45
Trump reminds me of the theory that if you put 100 monkey in front of a typewriter, they will eventually write everything that ever was and will be written.  He just proves one is enough.
Donald Trump's been looking at the East today Luckily there's been a certain West checking out the rear
Why does Kanye West support Trump? He’s always loved Big asses. 
It looks like Jared and Ivanka's Judaism is really rubbing off on Trump. He's even cleaning out his Cabinet for Passover.
Why did Stormy Daniels sue Trump? She was jealous that he fucked more people than her
Trump walks into a North Korean bar And raises it
There's a term for Presidents like Trump.  Probably not two terms though...
What do you get when you put democrats in a hole? Assholes
I'm not surprised gun nuts are huge Trump supporters... They love their cult 45.
What do Trump and his iPhone have in common? You can't really tell. It's an Apple and orange comparison.
George Bush couldn't have done 9/11. The chemtrails from the plane would have been too harsh on his lizard skin.
Arizona bill proposes charging porn consumers $20 to fund Trump's border wall. [OC] In other words: If you cum, they will build it.  (Resubmitting due to rule violation the first time)
Physicians were discussing who to build Trump’s Mexican Wall The Allergists were in favor of scratching it, but the Dermatologists advised not to make any rash moves.  The Gastroenterologist's had sort of a gut feeling about it, but the Neurologists thought Trump had a lot of nerve.  Meanwhile, Obstetricians felt certain everyone was laboring under a misconception, while the Ophthalmologists considered the idea shortsighted. Pathologists yelled, "Over my dead body!" while the Pediatricians said, "Oh, grow up!"  The Psychiatrists thought the whole idea was madness, while the Radiologists could see right through it.  Surgeons decided to wash their hands of the whole thing and the Internists claimed it would indeed be a bitter pill to swallow.  The Plastic Surgeons opined that this proposal would "put a whole new face on the matter."  The Podiatrists thought it was a step forward, but the Urologists were pissed off at the whole idea.  Anesthesiologists thought the whole idea was a gas, and those lofty Cardiologists didn't have the heart to say no.  In the end, the Proctologists won out, leaving the entire decision up to the assholes in Washington! 
A lot of people are concerned that Donald Trump will start a nuclear war. That'll only happen if he reaches critical ass.
Hillary's emails finally lead to an arrest. Roger Stone was arrested for his communications with the Trump campaign regarding Wikileaks and Hillary Clinton’s emails.
Why did Obama wear shoes, but Trump wears boots? During the Obama years the shit was only ankle deep.
If Trump really wanted Hillary to be locked up He should have hired her to work on his campaign.  &lt;joke stolen not just reposted&gt;
Finding money to support Trump's wall has been difficult. Where's wall dough
Trump’s wall is just like his penis. He keeps talking about how great it will be, but nobody wants to see it, and he can’t even get it up. 
I heard Elon Musk was going to send his mini-sub to the White House Because Trump caved and now he's stuck.
Why did Bernie Sanders's chicken restaurant throw out so much food? He only sold left wings.
What was Bernie Sander's favorite topic in mathematics? Radicals.  He loved finding the "root" of problems...  
Why was Bernie Sanders so happy? He beat his pole.
We, the taxpayers, keep paying to send Trump on very expensive trips overseas. It might be worth it too, except he keeps coming back.
Did you hear what president Trump said about deaf people? I know they didn’t. 
Mike Pence walks into the Oval Office and sees Trump whooping and hollering. "What's the matter, Mr. President?" The Vice President inquired.  "Nothing at all, boss. I just  finished a jigsaw puzzle in record time!" The President beamed.  "How long did it take you?"  "Well, the box said '3 to 5 Years' but I did it in a month!"
Donald Trump, Mike Pence, and Barack Obama are on a sinking ship. As the boat sinks, Obama heroically shouts: "Save the women!"   Mike Pence hysterically hollers: "Screw the women!"  Trump's face beams. "I Would love to, but do you think we have time?"
Why did the Libertarian cross the road? None of your damn business. Am I being detained?
Breaking News: Bill Gates has agreed to pay for Trump's wall On the condition he gets to install windows.
I heard Trump doesn't believe in Poisson's Ratio He calls it Fake Nus
Why don't congressmen use bookmarks? They just bend over the pages.
Trump is actually a communist When he said "Grab em by the pussy," he meant "Seize the means of reproduction."
Obama Dies and Goes to Hell One day in the future, Barack Obama has a heart-attack and dies. He immediately goes to hell, where the devil is waiting for him.   "I don't know what to do here," says the devil. "You are on my list, but I have no room for you. You definitely have to stay here, so I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I've got a couple of folks here who weren't quite as bad as you. I'll let one of them go, but you have to take their place. I'll even let YOU decide who leaves."   Obama thought that sounded pretty good, so the devil opened the door to the first room. In it was Ted Kennedy and a large pool of water. Ted kept diving in, and surfacing, empty handed. Over, and over, and over. He dived in and surfaced with nothing. Such was his fate in hell.   "No," Obama said, "I don't think so. I'm not a good swimmer, and I don't think I could do that all day long."   The devil led him to the door of the next room. In it was Al Gore with a sledge- hammer and a room full of huge blocks of various-sized chunks of iceberg. All he did was swing that hammer, time after time after time.   "No, this is no good; I've got this problem with doing actual work of any kind. I would be in constant agony if all I could do was work all day, commented Obama.   The devil opened a third door. Through it, Obama saw Bill Clinton, lying on the bed, his arms tied over his head, and his legs restrained in a spread-eagle pose. Bent over him was Monica Lewinsky, doing what she does best.   Obama looked at this in shocked disbelief, and finally said, "Yeah, man, I can handle this." The devil smiled and said...........   "OK, Monica, you're free to go."
Europian 1: Seems Donald Trump is a pain in the arse for Muricans eh? European 2: Heh he's so orange im suprised he has not been im-peach-ed yet.
Hey, I heard that the children that Donald Trump illegitimately fathered with daughter Ivanka are now allowed to join the family at the table for all meals, not just the morning meal... Orange Jews - not just for breakfast anymore!
Persident Trump was informed today of the death of 4 Brazilian soldiers in Afganistan... the advisor concluded that the men were participating in a joint military exercise aganist a ISIS stronghold, when the deaths occured.  He was hardly allowed to finish when the Presidents face fell grim. His usual healthy, orange color was replaced with a pale, sickly white. He clutched his chest with his right hand and visibly had stopped breathing. He asked to be excused as he quickly exited the room.  Confused and conserned about this abrupt reaction, aids and interns were sent to catch up to him. Mr. Trump was found standing alone in a hallway by a White House staff member.  'Mr. President, sir; are you alright?' Trump responded; 'listen up, I don't have time for games or any mumbo-jumbo. You tell me right now; exactly how many is a Brazilian?'
What do you get when you cross Donald Trump with a farm? Something that's pigly.
What’s the only way to get American Democrat’s and Republicans to agree on something? Elect a third party candidate for president. They will agree to disagree with everything he or she does.
Joe Biden Is Too Old to Run for President You could almost say...he’s over the Hill.
George Bush was in a briefing one day... “Sir 4 Brazilians were killed in Iraq yesterday.”  “Oh NO that’s awful!” He exclaimed “um how many is a Brazilian again?”
[Political] I'm surprised Trump hasn't banned the sale of shredded cheese yet. He said he would "Make America Grate Again" (Sorry, that was a cheesy joke)
Another Trump joke Why does Donald Trump take Xanax?      For Hispanic attacks  
What does Donald Trump and a pornstar have in common?      They are both experts at switching positions in front of a camera.  
Checkmate Democrats If teachers don't have arms, how are they supposed to write on the board?
Why will Congress never impeach Trump? Because Republicans insist on carrying a baby to its full term.  
Trump asks a man to give an example of a tragedy The man: “Well, my cousin passed away, that was a tragedy.”  Trump: “No believe me that was a loss, not a tragedy.”  The man: “Okay well my sister tripped and sprained her ankle, that was a tragedy.”  Trump: “Hmm, no that was an accident.”  For the third time, the man says: “Okay let’s say you were flying in a plane and it was shot down, that would be a tragedy.”  Trump: “Good! Now why is that a tragedy?”.  “Well, Mr. Trump, it was certainly no loss and I am sure it was not an accident!”
The problem with Trump jokes Republicans don't think they are funny, and Democrats don't think they are jokes.
What’s the antonym of the White house? The Kremlin
The Irish Republican Army are full of crap It takes some balls to phone ahead politely before setting off a bomb and then claim you're not British.
Donald Trump really is America's first complex President ... even his IQ has an imaginary component.
What did Trump say about the deal? "Iran from the deal" 
People are freaking out about Trump pulling out of the Nuclear Deal with Iran but they forget this has been done before I mean, it certainly wouldn't be the first pull-out that went wrong.
President Trump goes to get a brain MRI Trump: So, doc, what's wrong?  Doc: Well, on your right there's nothing left. And on your left there's nothing right.
What’s Trump’s favorite type of beer? Deporter
Trump's gonna build the wall out of... Hillary's emails. Nobody can get over those fuckin' things apparently
There's no zombies working in the White House. Because there's no brains.
Trumpets and Guns n a small town, a man just opened a small store selling trumpets and guns. One day his neighbor pays him a visit and says, "So how is your strange business going?"  "What do you mean strange?"  "Because you sell only trumpets and guns!"  "So?"  "Well, let me put it this way, what do you sell the most, trumpets or guns?"  "It evens itself out. Each time a customer buys a trumpet, one of his neighbors buys a gun."
Why doesn’t trump want drugs or criminals coming across the southern border? He’s afraid his illegal employee’s will get a better job.
Trump calls the President of China "Congratulations on your erection, Xi," he taunted. "Good luck with your election!" Xi replied.  "What do you mean?" Trump asked.  "The wall. Good luck electing the wall," Xi responded.
I don’t know why people won’t let trump build the wall. Because there is a wall in China and there is  no Mexicans there. 
Which republicans were the most open minded presidents? Lincoln and JFK.
During the Gulf war, U.S. President George Bush was getting his daily intelligence briefing... The briefer said "I'm sorry to report that a Brazilian was killed in Iraq today."   President Bush said I'm sorry to hear that.  As the next briefer entered the room, the president whispered to his Chief of Staff, "How many is a Brazilian anyway?"
Why can’t horses run for Congress? They would only vote “Nay”!
How do Mexicans feel about Trump’s wall? They’ll get over it. 
Experts have decided on a caption for the famous photo of Trump and Putin's first handshake They settled on "Grabbing America By the Pus*y"
Why does Trump call it The Border Wall? The Great Wall of China! was taken.
What's Donald Trump's Native American name? Talking Bull
A quote of the President: Donald J. Trump “I have broken more Elton John records. He seems to have a lot of records. And I, by the way, I don’t have a musical instrument. I don’t have a guitar or an organ. No organ. Elton has an organ. And lots of other people helping. No, we’ve broken a lot of records. We’ve broken virtually every record. Because you know, look, I only need this space. They need much more room. For basketball, for hockey and all of the sports, they need a lot of room. We don’t need it. We have people in that space. So we break all of these records. Really, we do it without, like, the musical instruments. This is the only musical – the mouth. And hopefully the brain attached to the mouth, right? The brain. More important than the mouth is the brain. The brain is much more important.”   At least he's admitted to missing organs, we've known he doesn't have a brain for a while now.
It's Trump's wedding anniversary in a few days and in a rare tender moment, he described the first time he ever laid eyes on Melania... ..and clicked 'add to cart'
How do you tell a group of Democrats from a group of Republicans? The Democrats will circle jerk to the left while the Republicans will circle jerk to the right.  (It's just a joke please don't murder me)
We should use Hillary Clinton's emails to build a wall Because a lot of people can't seem to get over it.
Bill Clinton, R Kelly and Donald Trump walk into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry guys, no fucking minors allowed.'
Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton, and JFK are aboard the Titanic when it collides with the iceberg. Kennedy: "Women and children first!"  Reagan: "Fuck the women!"  Clinton: "D'ya think we have time?"
Trump finds a new barber for getting a hairdo On his first visit things seem to be going pretty well till mid-conversation the barber brings up upcoming elections.   Barber: "Mr President, certain pollsters are claiming that your approval ratings are dipping. How is the mid-term campaign going for the party?".   "That's fake news. Don't worry we'll win bigly. You'll see!" Trump states unabashedly and goes into a verbal assault on the fake news media.  The haircut turns out well and everyone complements Trump so he decides to go to the same barber again.   This time the barber doesn't waste much time and goes straight to politics.   Barber: "Mr. President, I heard on CNN that things are starting to look really bad for you especially after some of the mid-term losses. You confident you'll still be able to keep the Democrats off in the next election?".   Irritated at this Trump bursts out "It's the fake lying news media again. They say that all the time. I'm not worried and neither should you..." and goes into some rambling about being the best President ever.   Again the haircut turns out really well so much so that Melania insists Donald keep the guy for this job so after some hesitation Donald pays him a third visit.   Just as he has Trump seated in the chair ready for the haircut, the barber goes "Mr. President there is so much chatter about the FBI closing in on you for the Russian interference in election and with people calling you a racist bigot and demanding to impeach you, do you think you'll be alright in 2020?".   Immediately Trump goes berserk in anger "That's it! I've had enough, you're fired!"  The barber somewhat apologetic pleads Trump to relax and reminds him "I've done a good job previously, didn't you notice?"  Trump: "Yes that is true but what does that have to do with all of this."  Barber: "Well that is because Mr. President every time I bring up the "fake news" your hair stands on edge"
Trump called Putin to congratulate him on winning the election. Putin said, 'Thanks, but why have you waited for over a year?
What's the difference between Obama, Trump, and a claustrophobic Eskimo? Only the Eskimo doesn't want to get Snowden.
Donald is walking out of the White House and headed towards the presidential limo... Donald is walking out of the White House and headed towards his limo when a possible assassin steps forward and aims a gun.  A secret service agent, new on the job, shouts “Mickey Mouse!” This startles the would be assassin and he is captured.  Later, the secret service agent’s supervisor takes him aside and asks, “What in the hell made you shout Mickey Mouse?”  Blushing, the agent replies, “I got nervous. I meant to shout Donald duck."
I like using Donald Trump's dating advice book. My favorite one is number 15, Grab them by the pussy I have a court hearing Wednesday
Clinton and Trump are drowning in a pond. You can save only one of them. What kind of sandwich do you make? 
Donald Trump Needs To Find A New Supreme Court Justice I'm sure he'll have no trouble finding someone to exchange their white robes for black ones.
A man calls the White House and says he wants to apply for the President's position. "Are you an idiot", the White House staff says.  "Oh sorry Im not. Is that a criteria?", he replies.
What is Bill Clinton’s favorite instrument to play? The Harmonica
What’s the difference between the presidency and a broken White House clock? The clock was American made. 
What are the ingredients for the homemade Bill Clinton stew? One wiener, one cooked goose, lots of spilled beans, and tons of hot water.
What did Congress say to George Washington with bad breath after he said: "I need some money"? You need a mint
What do a Jewish penis and a dinner with Trump have in common? You won't find a tip at the end.
Trump says: "The Continental Army… manned the air, it rammed the ramparts, it took over airports, it did everything it had to do." What, you don't believe they took over airports? Surely you've heard of the Jefferson Airplane?
Steve Jobs had a better and more successful business than Trump. But would he have been a better President as well? Well, that's like comparing Apples with Oranges.
Trumpets and Guns In a small town, a man just opened a small store selling trumpets and guns. One day his neighbor pays him a visit and says, "So how is your strange business going?"  "What do you mean strange?"  "Because you sell only trumpets and guns!"  "So?"  "Well, let me put it this way, what do you sell the most, trumpets or guns?"  "It evens itself out. Each time a customer buys a trumpet, one of his neighbors buys a gun."
Barack and Trump found themselves at a local barbershop. As the barbers finished their shaves, the one who had Trump reached for the aftershave. Donald was quick to stop him, saying, "No thanks. My wife, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like.
Trump and three others are in a plane crash. Who survives? America.
Why has Trump addressed infrastructure when Obama never passed anything about it? I thought his mantra was... If it ain't Barack, don't fix it.
The President of Iran calls Trump &amp; tells him "I had a dream last night...."   "New York was in ruins &amp; aflame, with Iranian flags flying above."  Trump replies: "Funny, I had a dream last night too.  Teheran beautiful and prosperous, happy people celebrating in the streets, with big banners hanging everywhere."  "What did the banners say?", asked the Iranian President.  "I don't know," Trump answers, "I can't read Hebrew."
What do you call a black man at the Republican convention? The keynote speaker.
Babe, my sex drive is like Donald Trump's twitter... Random, irrational, and provocative.
Donald Trump, Robert Mueller, and Vladimir Putin find themselves standing at the Pearly Gates. “Are we dead?”, Mueller asks.   “No,” Saint Peter says. “You’ll be going back shortly. I need to correct a mistake that was made before any of you were born. We mixed up your names!  See,” he turns to Mueller, “you were supposed to be named Trump, to symbolize how, like a Trumpet, you are to sound the loud alert about injustice in the world.”  “I can live with that”, Mueller says.   “And Vladimir, you were supposed to be named Mueller, to symbolize how, like a mule, you are strong but stubborn.”  “I can live with that,” Putin says.   Then Donald turns bright orange and shouts, “Are you telling me I’m supposed to be named Putin, symbolizing somebody who is ‘pootin’, as in full of smelly farts?”  St Peter laughs and says, “No, but that would have been a good one. Truth is, you haven’t been named yet...” he looks at Mueller, “but it’s only a matter of time.”
Why did Donald Trump keep adding decorations to the Christmas Tree? Because people kept shouting "moron" at him.
Putin phoned Trump to thank him for information on planned bombings. Putin: Thank you for the tip.  Trump: But I did not tell you anything.  Putin: Now CIA thinks you did.
Congress takes a lot of days off this time of year.. But it makes sense; I have 3 days off this week because I'm having a crazy party, Congress needs 6 days off because they have 2!
What's the difference between Trump and a Flying Pig? The letter F.  
How do Mexicans feel about Trump’s wall? they'll get over it
I'll be surprised if no one's done this joke before, but.... What is Trump's least favorite kind of pornography? Fake nudes
Why will congress never impeach Trump? Because he is an orange
[Politics] What is Trump's favorite store? WALmart
The red man lives in the red house, the blue man lives in the blue house, and the yellow man lives in the yellow house. Who lives in the white house? The white man.
Why is Trump’s train always late? It uses alternative tracks.
What was Congress' first reaction to the 50+ billion Fox/Disney deal? Damn, if we knew they had that much money we would have held out for more. 
Everybody gives Donald Trump a hard time, but... I didn't see anybody else help Kevin Mcallister find the lobby.
Did you hear about the time Trump took viagra? He just got taller
Why does Hillary Clinton take Xanax? To prevent freak-outs and break downs of massive proportions much like on election night.
The Republican Tax Bill Changes the Child Tax Credit and the Estate Tax So I'll be fucked coming and going
Trump is renaming the Republican Party Going forward, they will be known as Defendants.
Republican healthcare: Pay an extra $5.99/month to use Google to search for the symptoms you have that you can't afford to have treated.
President Trump invited the Pope for lunch on his mega yacht The Pope accepted and during lunch, a puff of wind blew the Pontiff's hat off, right into the water.  It floated off about 50 feet, then the wind died down and it just floated in place.  The crew and the secret service were scrambling to launch a boat to go get it, when Trump waved them off, saying "Never mind, boys, I'll get it."  The Donald climbed over the side of the yacht, walked on the water to the hat, picked it up, walked back on the water, climbed into the yacht, and handed the Pope his hat.  The crew was speechless. The security team and the Pope's entourage were speechless.  No one knew what to say, not even the Pope.  But that afternoon, NBC, CBS, ABC, MSNBC, CNN reported:  "TRUMP CAN'T SWIM!"  
Steve Jobs would have been a much better president then Donald Trump But its a silly comparison really, like comparing apples to oranges. 
Do you know why Monica Lewinsky is a Republican? Because Democrats left a bad taste in her mouth!           Probably someone posted this ages ago, but honest to god, today was the first time that I heard that one! 
Obama loves to run... So there’s a running track / path at the White House that goes from the house down around the gardens a couple of times and back to the house. Every president would jog the track to exercise and, naturally, things got competitive when they timed their runs.  Early in his presidency, Obama had been training for a while and decided to attempt to break the speed record of this jogging track; one sunny morning he enlisted the help of an aide to time him.  Obama felt like this was the run of his life, he was fresh, fit and fast. Breathless, he stumbled back up to the house when he was done and saw the aide standing there. “Nine minutes and fifteen seconds,” announced the aide.  “Surely that’s the fastest anyone’s ever gone?” inquired Obama.  “Almost, mr president. But Bush did 9:11.”
Trump Threatens Saudia Arabia With Consequences Trump, "I'm cancelling plans to build a casino in Mecca."
Supreme Court Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts is vacationing at Smith Mountain Lake. It is a beautiful fall day. He rents a boat to take out on the lake and enjoy the beauty around him. As he glides across the water, he notices that the canoe is taking on water. Fortunately he is not too far from shore and The depth of the water appears to be around thigh high.  Can he make it to shore by paddle or should he hop out and walk the canoe to shore?  “Finally”, he thinks, “I get to make a decision on Row vs. Wade!”
Why can't US Presidents play bridge together? Because Donald gets confused whenever someone makes a bid of No Trumps.
Trump, Merkel and Kim Jong-un are in the Middle East being chased by ISIS: Trump turns to them and shouts: "Stop chasing us and I'll pay you a million dollars!" The terrorists continued.  Then Merkel turns to them and shouts: "Stop chasing us and I'll give you German citizenship!" The terrorists still kept chasing.  Then Kim Jong-un turns and shouts: "You are about to cross the border into the People's Democratic Republic of Korea. Welcome!"  The terrorists screamed and turned to run away.
How many progressive democrats does it take to change a light bulb? Everyone knows progressives can't change anything.
Barack Obama If Barack Obama was such a good President where is Barack Obama II?
Would would win in a death match between Donald Trump, Ajit Pai, and Mitch McConnell? America
Bill Clinton and Al Gore decide to go eat out at a diner After giving them some time, the waitress comes and asks if they are ready to order.  Bill goes, "Yes, I'd like to have a quickie please."  "A quickie?!" the waitress replies with disgust. "I'll come back later when you are ready to make an order from the menu."  Al Gore leans over to Clinton and says, "Sir, it is pronounced 'Quiche'..."
I feel like Jose Mourinho and Donald Trump would get along really well.... ...they both need to build a wall.
Trumps music Trumps least favorite band is Foreinger Trumps Favorite band is America Trumps Favorite album is The Wall Trumps Favorite song is White America
what do global warming and Barack Obama have in common? Trump likes to pretend they don't exist 
A Democrat walks into a bar He asks the bartender, "What's your most popular drink?"      Bartender replies, "a Russian Collusion".      The Democrat responds "I'll have one of those."     The bartender then gives him an empty glass and says "enjoy." 
How many democrats does it take to change a lightbulb?  None.    &amp;#x200B;  *They just talk about it instead of doing anything.* 
Donald Trump to resign as US President This is huge, considering the significance of today's date.
Hillary Clinton's New Book Is Already A Bestseller, And It Isn't Even Out Yet Kinda like how she had won all those primaries before anyone got to cast a vote!
If all current congresspeople got into a fistfight, who would win? The American people.  (thanks /u/asurah)
Do you know what Trump just said? That his butt is his new mouth! 
Obama may like tan suits ...but Trump likes Brownshirts
Trump, Pence, and Chris Christie all die at the same time. They climb the gilded stairs and arrive at the pearly gates. Saint Peter is there to greet them as they arrive.   "You'll have to speak up, the celebrations down on Earth are too loud." He says.   "May we enter heaven?" Pence asks.  "That depends. Each of you must perform a simple test. Trump, we've had issues with illegal demons sneaking into heaven these days. Before you're let in you must rebuild the wall around heaven." Trump agrees.   "Pence. You'll be surprised to know that gay people are allowed here too. We'll let you in, but you must participate in a heavenly pride parade to stay."Pence reluctantly agrees.  "Wait? Where's Christie?" Trump asks, looking around.   "Yeah, what's his test?" Pence asks.   Peter checks his list. "Ah. He just has to make it to the top of the stairs."
A libertarian walks into a bar. . . The barman serves him tainted alcohol because there are no regulations.  He dies.
When Bill and Hillary first got married When Bill and Hillary first got married Bill said, “I am putting a box under the bed. You must promise never to look in it.”  In all their 30 years of marriage, Hillary never looked. On the afternoon of their 30th anniversary, curiosity got the best of her and she lifted the lid and peeked inside. In the box were 3 empty beer cans and $81,874.25 in cash.  She closed the box and put it back under the bed. Now that she knew what was in the box, she was doubly curious as to why there even was such a box with such contents. That evening, they were out for a special anniversary dinner. After dinner, Hillary could no longer contain her curiosity and she confessed, saying, “I am so sorry, Bill. For all these years, I kept my promise and never looked into the box under our bed. However, today the temptation was too much and I gave in. But now I need to know, why do you keep the 3 beer cans in the box?”  Bill thought for a while and said, “I guess after all these years you deserve to know the truth. Whenever I was unfaithful to you, I put an empty beer can in the box under the bed to remind myself not to do it again.” Hillary was shocked, but said, “Hmmm, Jennifer, Paula and Monica. I am very disappointed and saddened by your behavior. However, since you are addicted to sex I guess it does happen and I guess 3 times is not that bad considering your problem.”  Bill thanked her for being so understanding. They hugged and made their peace. A little while later Hillary asked Bill, “So why do you have all that money in the box?”  Bill answered: “Well, whenever the box filled up with empty cans, I took them to the recycling center and redeemed them for cash.”
Bill Gates and Donald Trump are alone in the Oval Office Trump remarks,"Bill, together you and I are worth $80 billion."  Bill Gates says,"But I'm worth 90 billion." 
What is Trump's favorite song? Putin on the Ritz.
The Pope and Trump are on stage in front of a huge crowd. The Pope leaned towards Mr. Trump and said, "Do you know that with one little wave of my hand I can make every person in this crowd go wild with joy? This joy will not be a momentary display, like that of your followers, but go deep into their hearts and for the rest of their lives whenever they speak of this day, they will rejoice!"   Trump replied, "I seriously doubt that. With one little wave of your hand? Show me!"   So the Pope slapped him
Donald Trump watched the solar eclipse from the White House President Trump was at the White House when one of his Secret Service agents spoke up.  "Mr President, the eclipse is about to happen. If you wear these glasses and look into the sky, you should see it shortly."  Donald Trump, not one for unsolicited advice, declines the glasses but nonetheless looks out the window.  "Johnson, I don't know what you're on about with this solar eclipse. I can't see shit!"  "I'm sorry Mr President, that's a window, not a mirror." 
Trump is nothing like Hitler. He could never write a book
When he was asked about Roe V Wade, President Trump said... I don't care how people get out of Houston.
Why is Trump ignoring global warming? Because Russia really wants warm-water ports.
The Trump logo got removed from r/jokes And got replaced with an emoji because the emoji movie was the biggest tragedy of 2017... but trump will find a way to beat that. 
A reporter asked Hillary how Weinstein's alleged sexual harassment compared to President Clinton's accusations. She answered, "Close, but no cigar."
Donald Trump has been nicknamed Braveheart. No one has slaughtered more English.
Trump is nothing like Hitler There's no way he could write a book.
Heard an NPR story that a Congressional panel is being convened to better understand advances in AI and the economic implications, but I think they are way too late!! “Artificial Intelligence” is exactly what we have had running government for the past 20 or so years.  What a disaster!
I've heard that Donald Trump doesn't like having Japanese black beans in his office... ... but I know he's not at all averse to having a Russian chickpea in bed
I'm going to the Halloween party at my office today as President Hillary Clinton I'm not going to show up.
If Donald Trump tells the truth alone in the forest and nobody is around to hear him Is he still wrong?
Why are everyone mad at Trump for sitting during Retreat? It's France's national anthem
Donald Trump said if I voted for Hillary Clinton I'd have a President constantly under Federal investigation. I did and we do.
I’m dressing as the Republican healthcare bill for Halloween. I won’t be leaving the house.   (Heard this on the podcast “Fake the Nation” and thought you all would like it.)   
How many Puerto Rican voters have to die before Trump decides to save one? All of them. Puerto Ricans can't vote in the presidential election.... 
What's the difference between fake news and the White House? One feeds lies and misinformation to the American public, the other is just regular news.
How is Donald Trump going to rebuild Puerto Rico? Despacito
Why isn’t it fair to compare Mike Pence to Donald Trump? Because it’s like comparing assholes to oranges.
People say President Trump has no moral spine and constantly flip flops on his beliefs, sometimes even between tweets. The details of Epstein’s arrest finally proves these naysayers wrong... Clearly he’s been pro ‘kids locked in cages’ long before his presidency began.
Why doesn't Donald Trump ever get pissed off? Because he's too busy getting pissed on.
What do Hilary Clinton and Dale Earnhardt have in common? They both Crashed into a wall because they couldn’t turn left.
Trump wants to ban Muslims, but if we learned ANYTHING from prohibition... &amp;nbsp;    &amp;nbsp;  ...it's that people will just make Muslims in their bathtubs.
Trump wanted the coal mines reopened because He loved the minors
Trump doesn't need glasses. Hes already got 2020.
A recent study has shown that almost 92% of anti-vaxers are republican. guess that problem solves itself.
What did the Scottish woman do when she found a trumpet buried in her garden? She had to root-e-toot
Michael Cohen's new book ends the same way as Trump's stories. At chapter 11. 
If I had a penny for every time Trump screwed up in some way I could give someone a small loan of a million dollars
Why is President Donald Trump never cold? He dodges the draft. 
BREAKING: CNN reports that Donald Trump fell asleep behind the wheel injuring at least 3 people Trump responded in a tweet assuring that the allegations were "fake snooze"
"S in Trump stands for Smart."  -But there is no S in Trump?!   -Exactly.
A man calls up White House Man : I want to be the next PRESIDENT of USA.  Operator: Are you an idiot?  Man: Sorry, I didn't know it's compulsory !!
If Oprah runs against Trump in 2020.. it would be the Color Purple vs the Color Orange. 
What's Donald Trump's least favorite food? a leek
Donald Trump says to Mike Pence, "The less immigrants we allow in, the better." Pence says, "The fewer".  Trump says, "I told you not to call me that yet."
How many Donald Trump supporters does it take to change a light bulb? Look, we can change the light bulb. That I will tell you. We're changing it, ok? And I understand what you're saying, I hear it all the time. People call me and say "Is the light bulb really dead?". That's what they are asking me, its unbelievable. The light bulb is in big trouble, that I can tell you. But we are going to change it.
Steve Jobs would have been a better President than Donald Trump But I guess comparing apples to oranges is useless. 
Obama and Trump get a shave... Donald Trump and Barack Obama ended up at the same barber shop. As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty. As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife Michelle doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
Donald Trump and Mike Pence go to breakfast ... With the restaurant cleared out by Secret Service, it's only the two men and the waitstaff. A waitress comes up to Trump and says "what can I get for you Mr. President?" Donald Trump looks at the menu and says "you know, I would really like a quickie."  The waitress is upset, berates the president and leaves the dining room in a huff. In the moment of awkward silence, Mike Pence said "sir, I think you meant to say you'd like a quiche"
Someone should do an R.E.M. cover about Republican tax reform called "Losing My Deduction"
What do you call Trump drinking a Black Russian? Kahlua-sion
You cannot tell Donald Trump jokes anymore Republicans don't think they are funny and Democrats don't think they are jokes.
Bush, Clinton, Obama, and Trump decided to have a race. Trump went first. He finished the race in 10 minutes and 30 seconds. Obama did a bit better. His time was 10 minutes and 14 seconds. Clinton came in at 9 minutes and 49 seconds. And Bush did 9:11.  
What's the difference between Walmart and Trump? Walmart rollbacks leave us feeling happy.  Trump rollbacks leave us feeling crappy.  
I like to blow trump... ...et 
Why don't you want to play Uno with Donald Trump? He takes away all the green cards.
Despite suspected ties with the Trump administration, Russia did not pull out of the Paris Climate Agreement... They only ***Putin***
Why do Trump's advisors keep making mistakes? Because they're rushin' 
Bill is out campaigning with Hillary... they stop for lunch in a small diner and when Bill orders, he says, "I'll have a quickie."  The waitress giggles and Hillary glares, but says nothing.  The next day, at lunch in a diner, Bill orders: "I'll have a quickie."   Same response.  The third day, Bill ordering lunch says, "I'll have a quickie."  Not able to take the humiliation any more, Hillary slaps his arm and says, "Dammit Bill!  It's pronounced 'quiche!'"  ^(Note: I like the Trump jokes, and the recent Bill joke, but I thought this old joke fit Bill better.)
Bernie Sanders missed his shot to get back at the Republican Congress But One of His supporters took it
If Donald Trump was a Sith Lord... His name would be Taxi Vader
Comparing Nixon to Trump isn't fair... It's apples and orange.
What do bullet and Trump advisers have in common They only do their job after they are fired . 
Which state would like to pay the most bill for building Trump wall? Tax us
Why did Donald Trump get his nipple pierced? Because George Bush had Dick Cheney
What do Trump supporters and Juggalos have in common. They're both down with the clown til their dead in the ground.
What did President Trump shout at Bob Mueller when the President's golf cart sideswiped Mueller's golf cart? No Collision! No Collision!
One of Trump's advisors ran up to him and asked in a panic what to do about Hurricane Katrina... Trump said: "Give her the same deal we gave Stormy Daniels."
Trump Sandwich Trump Sandwich  White Bread, Full of Bologna,  with Russian Sauce and a little pickle.
Trump was told that the word 'gullible' had been removed from the dictionary. "Don't be ridiculous," he replied, "there's no such word as dictionary." 
Why did Trump play Fortnite? To build a wall 
Breaking News: Government shutdown ends as Bill Gates has agreed to pay for Trump's wall On the condition that he gets to install windows.  
Why didn't Donald Trump play in the NBA? Because he avoided the draft. 
Why does Donald Trump use Twitter instead of Reddit? Because Vladimir Putin doesn't sort by new
Donald Trump, a Black man and a Jew are sitting in a hospital... their wives all gave birth to healthy babies around the same time and are now resting. The three men are sitting in a room nearby when a nurse comes in and tells them there has been a mix-up, a nurse forgot to put identifying bracelets on the babies before taking them for a medical exam and now they don't know which baby is which.   She asks them if they could help identify their babies and the Jew goes first. One minute later, he steps out of the nursery holding a black baby, the Black man gets up and says ''Hey man, I'm pretty sure that one's mine'' to which the Jew replies ''One of those babies is a Trump, and I'm not taking any chances!''
Why doesn't anyone believe Trump when he's sad? Fake blues
What do trump and a black hole have in common? They're both not very bright but still capable of destroying the earth. 
What is Donald Trump's favorite NBA team? The Spurs.
A secret service agent, nervous on his first day, sees Donald, Melania, and Barron Trump walking through the Whitehouse. The new agent asks his supervisor, "Wow, is that really the First family?"  The supervisor, unfazed, replies, “No, I think this is at least the third for Mr. Trump." 
What Celebrity could trump visit to help make america great again? Chester Bennington
CNN recently released Suggestive photos of U.S. President Donald Trump His first comments on the shocking reveal were the following: “Fake Nudes” 
I am realizing that all the liberals and their resistance against Trump movement are very patriotic. Damn spell check, I meant pathetic.
Donald Trump dies in Israel After too much effort during a state visit in Israel, Trump collapses of a heart attack. The Israeli officials take the body and tell the Americans : " There's two options."   " The first one, you pay $5,000,000 and we send the body back to the United States so he can be buried there. "  " Second option, you pay $100,000 and we bury him here in the sacred land of Israel"  After much debating, the Americans decided to pay the larger fee and repatriate the body. Surprised, the Israelis ask them why they chose the bigger figure.   " Well, the last time you buried someone he came back after three days so we're not taking any chances !"
In a recent interview, Melania Trump was asked if she bleaches her asshole Her response: "No, he gets spray-tanned." 
Donald trump is like John Snow. He's obsessed with the wall and he knows nothing.
Donald trump and putin Oh shit! Donald trump and putin are meeting in Germany! One step closer to that sexy weekends in a cabin together i gross imagined!
A marine biologist at the University of California Santa Cruz A marine biologist at the University of California Santa Cruz was elated to discover a food that when fed to dolphins enabled them to live eternal lives. One day the biologist found that he was out of seagull mash, a main ingredient in the eternal life food. Worried that the he would miss the next critical feeding of the dolphins, he grabbed his shotgun and ran out to the beach to shoot some seagulls.  On returning to his lab with gulls in hand, the biologist was shocked to see a lion, seemingly sleeping, on the entrance to his lab. As he was in a great hurry to make a new batch of eternal life food, he took a risk and jumped over the lion to get into his lab. Once inside, he saw several policemen waiting for him. They arrested him for transporting gulls across a staid lion for immortal porpoises. 
How did Trump give our deepest nuclear secrets to the Chinese? He tried to send them to the Russians by Panda Express
A libertarian walks into a bar. . . The barman serves him tainted alcohol because there are no regulations.  He dies.
Donald Trump needs to go to an interview... ...after not arriving for around 3 hours a manager is calling him. He answers the phone and says: "Help me! I can't exit my hotel room. There are three doors. One leads to the bathroom, one to the balcony and on the third one there is a sign saying 'do not disturb'"
A Trump supporter, a lesbian, an athiest, and an Italian all walk into a bar. They all got along like normal human beings.  /r/antijokes 
Trump, Putin and Merkel... ...take a nice walk along the shore. Putin is boasting: "Russia now has submarine that can stay underwater for two weeks without needing to resurface for fuel! Pretty impressive, eh?"    Trump obviously can't leave it at that, so he tells Putin: "America has submarines, and other stuff too, I'm telling you, lots of stuff, and it's great stuff, and our submarines can stay underwater, and also, they don't need to come back up to the surface or resurface, for two months, because I made them great again!"    Merkel is just about to change the topic to export politics when suddenly a submarine resurfaces next to the three, the hatch opens and a man salutes out of it: "Heil Hitler! We need Diesel."      Edit: Woah, thanks for the gold, kind stranger! Your much appreciated contribution to the war effort will enable us to buy some more Diesel! 
I don't understand why Obama has to give his speeches behind bullet proof glass. I mean, I know he's black and all, but I doubt he'll shoot anyone.
Trump and the Transgenders Is it true that Trump wants all the transgenders out of the military?  Telling a joke like this takes balls.
TIL Trump is the new Obama Obama voted present many times before becoming president. Trumps wize cracking mouth let the public know he was present many times before becoming president 
If Hillary wins the election, the whole world be like.. [removed due to WWIII]
If Donald Trump becomes President I'm going to Mexico. At least there will be a wall between us
How will Donald Trump create 25 millions jobs? By having 25 million people move to Canada.
Trump doesn't like Pence Because he loves walls.
Trump &amp; Hillary are at Anthony Weiner's NYC Hot Dog stand... ... and Anthony Weiner, out of a political job, is serving hot dogs to passersby after the election. Weiner turns around to do some sexting and Hillary snatches 3 hot dogs and shoves them in her pockets. She turns to Trump and says...  "See, that's how it's done -- when nobody is looking!"  Trump brushes Hillary aside and says...  "Watch me pull off another magic trick this morning. Hey Weiner, give me a hot dog."  So Wiener makes a hot dog and gives it to Trump. Trump wolfs it down in one go.  "Gimme another!" he says. This sausage in a bun goes back just as fast.  "Gimme one more to complete the magic trick!" demands Trump.  Wiener puts together another hot dog, hands it to Trump, who holds it up, looks at it, admires this American work of art and gobbles it back. He takes a napkin and pats his little lips.  "So where is the magic trick?" asks Weiner.  "Check her pockets." says Trump.
Trump is the 45th President of the United States. Aren't you proud fellow Americans.
Obama died, and there is nothing to do in heaven, so he decided to visit New York. He goes into the first bar he see and asks the bartender what's up, how people live, what are the problems, etc. The bartender is asking, surprised:   -what are the problems? Everything around is ours!   -what about Afghanistan, Iraq...    -It's all ours.   -Europe, Africa and Asia?   Bartender pulls a globe from behind the counter, spins it and says:   -everything you see is ours.   Obama is excited, proud and happy, orders a beer and before leaving, he says:   -Well thank you my friend! How much do I pay?   -Two rubles and 20 kopek.
Trump's first wife Ivana recently admitted her tits are fake  Especially Eric.
Apparently my school doesn't want us to leave because of a trump presidency They have blocked the Canadian immigration website 
Donald Trump has announced that he plans to extend his wall across the oceans   This news came after he discovered that a man named Jesus managed to walk on water
Hillary, Trump, Mattis, and Pence are all on a plane... ...the pilot has died and the plane is hurling towards the ground with only 3 parachutes.  Pence swipes a parachutes and says "I can create a better, pure America!" before jumping from the plane.  Hillary straps on a parachute and jumps, saying "I'm the smartest women alive!"  Mattis stands firm, and states "Don't worry Mister President, you're getting out of here alive."  Trump shakes his head "You've done good work, take the last parachute."  Mattis chuckles, stating "The smartest woman alive just grabbed my backpack."    [No political arguments pls]
[OC] You know how presidents seem to age faster while they are in office? Well Trump is like the President of Dorian Gray. He's aging the rest of us instead.
If you suck at playing the trumpet, Thats probably why
Before Trump's medical exam I was a 6' tall, 200lb average Joe... Now I'm a successful 6'4", 175lb model.
Trump to the Canadian PM: It’s all fake news. Right, Justin? PM : I think it is mostly Trudeau.
Does anyone know when Trump is going to have his fake news awards? He said he was going to do it today but he appears to be Stalin
If Trump doesn’t lay off the cheeseburgers... He’ll be up to 6’5 by next year. 
Why aren't there any rap songs about Donald Trump? Because there aren't any words that rhyme with "Orange."
Putin, Trump, and Merkel sitting around a campfire... The three world leaders are sitting around a campfire, out on the lonesome prairie, each with the bravado for which world leaders are famous. A night of tall tales commences. First Putin says, "I must be the meanest, toughest world leader there is. Why, just the other day, a bull got loose in the corral and gored six men before I wrestled it to the ground, by the horns, with my bare hands." Trump chimes in, "Why that's nothing. I was walking down the trail yesterday and a fifteen foot rattler slid out from under a rock and made a move for me. I grabbed that snake with my bare hands, bit its head off, and sucked the poison down in one gulp. And I'm still here today." All the while Angela Merkel remained silent, slowly stirring the coals with her penis.
Trump bumps into a Russian agent. He says, "Pardon me."
Why does Trump smell so bad? Because he won't stop pootin'
Trump has a heart attack .... Trump has a heart attack and dies. He goes to Hell where the Devil is waiting for him.  "I don't know what to do," says the Devil. "You're on my list but I have no room for you. But you definitely have to stay here, so I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I've got three people here who weren't quite as bad as you. I'll let one of them go, but you have to take their place. I'll even let YOU decide who leaves."  Trump thought that sounded pretty good so he agreed.  The devil opened the first room. In it was Richard Nixon and a large pool of water. He kept diving in and surfacing empty handed over and over and over, such was his fate in Hell.  "No!" Trump said. "I don't think so. I'm not a good swimmer and I don't think I could do that all day long."  The Devil led him to the next room. In it was Tony Blair with a sledgehammer and a room full of rocks. All he did was swing that hammer, time after time after time.  "No! I've got this problem with my shoulder. I would be in constant agony if all I could do was break rocks all day!" commented Trump.   The Devil opened a third door. In it, Trump saw Bill Clinton lying naked on the floor with his arms staked over his head and his legs staked in spread-eagle pose. Bent over him was Monica Lewinsky, doing what she does best.  Trump looked at this in disbelief for a while and finally said, "Yeah, I can handle this."  The Devil smiled and said, "Monica, you're free to go...!"
Donald Trump walks into the wrong bar... "Oh, pardon me."
Trump is always vehemently stating that he is trying to save America, and now I know why. Because he's about to do some shit that might cause it to crash.
White House aide leaks the real reason for the US Space Corps. Trump thought "ISS" stood for "Islamic State in Space"
President Trump often unintentionally says and does things that make me angry... But hey, that's just polytics.
I saw Trump Jr. Today but he told me he was in a hurry and couldn't talk. Turns out he was lying about rushin'.
Merkel, Putin and Obama are at a conference when they decide to go outside for some fresh air and talk.   Together they stroll along the coast, as Obama suddendly starts to brag: "Our nuclear submarines can stay underwater for days, without ever needing to emerge!"  Putin smirks and encouters: "Is nothing amerikansky, our nuclear submarines can stay underwater for almost 2 weeks!"  Not being able to add to the conversation, Merkel just stared around and whistled a humble tune, when suddendly, a submarine emerged just a short distance from the coastline.  In surprise, Obama, Putin and Merkel halted and looked towards the submarine. They were able to see an elderly man climb out of the hatch whom proceeded to shout: " Heil Hitler, we need gasoline!"
The NRA showed Trump and Obama the newest NRA advertisement and asked what they thought. At the same time, Trump and Obama sternly said... "Stick to your guns."
Hillary Clinton was visiting a school... In one class, she asks the students if anyone can give her an example of a "tragedy." One little boy stands up and offers "If my best friend who lives next door was playing in the street when a car came along and killed him, that would be a tragedy."   "No", Clinton says, "That would be an ACCIDENT."   A girl raises her hand. "If a school bus carrying fifty children drove off a cliff, killing everyone involved....that would be a tragedy."   "I'm afraid not" explains Clinton. "That is what we call a GREAT LOSS." The room is silent; none of the other children volunteer. "What?" asks Clinton, "Isn't anyone able to give me an example of tragedy?"   Finally a boy in the back raises his hand. In a timid voice, he says; "If an airplane carrying Hillary and Bill Clinton were blown up by a bomb, THAT would be a tragedy."   "Wonderful!" Clinton beams. "Marvelous, can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?"   "Well," says the boy, "because it couldn't be an accident, and certainly would be no great loss!"
Donald Trump does not tell lies. He said everyone would be covered under his Healthcare plan.    He just forgot to mention that the poor would be covered by 6 feet of dirt.
How many Liberals does it take to change a lightbulb? None. It's society that has to change, and accept them for what they are, they didn't chose to have a broken filament, and they shouldn't be labeled as "broken" it's 2017 they are "Alternatively Profunctioned." 
Trump is a my daddy and I'm just his little boy! I had sex with a girl once...... Turned out she was a dolphin
Bill and Hillary are driving in Park Ridge, IL... They stop for gas. The gas station attendant says:  “Hillary? Hillary Rodham?”  “Yes?”  “You don’t remember me? I’m Tom. We dated in high school”.  “Oh, yeah. Tom. How are you?”  “Oh fine, well, not like you, but fine”.  They pay and drive off:  Bill: “Imagine that, Hillary. If you’d stuck with Tom, now you’d be married to a gas station attendant!”  Hillary: “No, Bill … I’d be married to the president of the United States.”
Trump is like a bird with Tourettes He can't control his Tweets
Why do Liberals always wish death upon Donald Trump? Because they love killing babies.
Why did Trump cross the road? Because Putin thought he would do more damage on the other side.
What does Melania Trump do after she shaves her pussy? She powders his cheeks and sends him off to play golf!
How do you tell a Republican politician from a Democrat politician? If you're wearing a training bra when he sexually harasses you, he's a Republican, if you're working for him when he sexually harasses you, he's a Democrat.
Title of a documentary on Trump's campaign? Predator vs Aliens.
How did Trump propose to Putin? He went to Jared.
Why was Colonel Sanders like MacBeth? Because they both... did murder most foul.
Steve jobs would have been a better president than Donald Trump. But it’s a silly comparison really, it’s like comparing apples to oranges.
Democrats... They are literally asses.
If Donald Trump were a programmer... his favorite function would be grope_by.
Bill Clinton ran a mile in nine and a half minutes. What happened next? Bush did 9:11
How can you tell when Stormy Daniels is getting ready to have sex with Trump? When her peggy peter's on. 
How many Donald Trumps does it take to change a light bulb? We will never know, because as soon as he screws something he pays it 130 000$ not to tell anyone. 
How many Trump supporters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? You think Hillary and her husband change lightbulbs? They’re actually very corrupt politicians. 
How many Donald Trumps does it take to screw in a light bulb? We will never know cause after he screws something he gives them 130 000 dollars not to tell anybody.  *Credits to Stephen Colbert, I saw this joke on his show and I just had to post it here.* 
It makes no sense that Trump told a porn star that he hopes “all the sharks die.” Who will take care of all his legal shit?
Dave walks into a bar and sees President Donald Trump and Vice-President Mike Pence at a table, deep in discussion. He doesn’t want to interrupt, but they see him, invite him over and they soon get to talking.   “We’re on track to bomb the Middle East,” excitedly claims the President. “We’re going to reduce those towelheads to a shadow of their former numbers. We’re going to kill 3 million Syrians, 4 million Iraqis, 2 million Lebanese and ten nuns from that convent down the road!”   Flabbergasted, Dave exclaims, “What do the nuns have to do with anything?”   The VP turns to the President and says, “You can send in the drones tomorrow, Mr President. I told you no one would care about the Middle East.”
Trump to bartender: We are going to nuke Pakistan &amp; kill Mia Khalifa Bartender: why mia khalifa?  Trump to Imaran Khan: see nobody cares about Pakistan!
Supreme court I like how they praise that new Justice for hiring more woman.  But if he was sexist wouldn't he want more titties and beer?
Why are movie theaters only hiring Republicans? For projection.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton visit a bakery together While in the bakery Clinton sneaks 3 pastries in her pocket and whispers to trump "See how clever I am the owner didn't see anything and I didn't need to lie."  Trump says to Clinton "That's so typical of you trickery, deceit and theft. I'm going to show you how to get the same result honestly."   Trump says to the owner "Give me 3 pastries and I'll show you a magic trick." The baker gives Trump 3 pastries and he eats them one after another after another. The baker says what's the magic trick I saw you eat them, wondering where they went. Trump says "Look in Clinton's pocket" 
It’s almost December at the White House, and Donald Trump orders his aides to put up a nativity scene on the lawn... After working for a few hours to set one up, the aides step back to look at their work.   “It looks pretty good,” says the first one.   “Yeah, but I’m not sure the boss will like it,” says the second.   “What do you mean?”  “Well, look at these three wise men. *Three wise men?*  That sounds like Ivy League elitists to me. Plus, Frankincense and myrrh? I bet these guys are Arabs. The president wouldn’t like this at all.”  The other aide agrees he has a point, so they take out the wise men and chuck them over the fence.   “Do you think it’s ready now?” says the first aide.  “Not really,” says the second one, “Look at Mary and Joseph - they’re refugees! I bet they’re bringing drugs and crime to Nazareth.”  So they take out Mary and Joseph too.   “Ok, I think we’re ready,” says the first one.  “Not yet,” says the second, “look at the baby. His parents came from Egypt *just* so he could be born in Nazareth? Sounds like an anchor baby to me.”  So they chuck out Jesus as well.   Proud of their work, they head back to the Oval Office to let the president know they’ve finished.   “Well?” He asks, “have you finished the most bigly tremendous decorations? We’re going to make Christmas great again.”  “Yes, Mister President. We’re sure you’ll be very happy with it. We took out the wise men, Mary and Joseph, and Jesus.”  “Well,” Trump asks, “what’s left?”  “It’s just the way we thought you’d like it sir. One jackass and a whole bunch of sheep.”
The one good thing about President Trump is... I now truly believe I can become the President of the United States. 
What's the most ironic thing about Trump pardoning a Turkey on Thanksgiving? He's also going to pardon a Saudi Arabia
In a shocking twist to White House tradition, the Trump administration has decided that pardoning a Turkey is a silly waste of time and resources. Instead, Trump has vowed that only the white meat will be pardoned.
Why Trump will not pardon turkey this year? Because it snitched on Saudi Arabia's crown prince
As liberal as I am, Donald Trump and I do have one thing in common. If Ivanka weren't his daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her. 
I heard Obama paid his campaign expenses in cash... Well he did say change was gonna come. 
I live in constant fear that Trump will deport my Latina mother in law Who lives at 324 3rd st. Los Angeles. She gets off at 6
I was going to put a Trump in the white house but I was out of toilet paper
Rumor is Trump’s favorite cocktail is a white Russian While Putin’s favorite is an orange American. 
Trump should hire the Chinese to build the wall. They had one for over 2000 years and they still don't have any Mexicans.
How do the Mexicans feel about Trump building a wall on the boarder? They’ll get over it
Some members of Pink Floyd recently spoke up about Donald Trump "Another Dick with a Wall"
President Donald Trump walks back three previous statements.  On Russian hacking:  "I said that I could care less and I meant to say that I couldn't care less."   On Sec of State Hillary Clinton:  "Instead of, 'dowsing Hillary with flammable liquid', I meant to say, 'inflammable liquid'."   And on pulling out of Syria:  "I never said, 'We're pulling out of Syria regardless.', I said, 'We're pulling out of Syria irregardless'."
What do Mexicans think about Trumps wall? They'll get over it. 
Trump and Pence go stop at a local diner for breakfast. The waitress greets the two and says, "What will it be today?"  Pence looks up from the menu and says, "I'll have two eggs, bacon, rye, and a coffee. Thank you."  The waitress scribbles on her notepad and turns to Trump, "and for you, Mr. President?"  Trump smiles at the waitress and says, "I'd love a quickie."  Shocked and appalled, the waitress slaps the President in the face and storms off, cursing as she disappears into the kitchen.   Pence, obviously embarrassed, leans over the table and whispers, "Mr. President, I believe it's pronounced -keesh-."  Trump squints at Pence for a second before angrily replying, "I know what a fucking Quiche is, Pence."
It’s a snowy day and Trump steps out onto the White House grass Right in front of him, on the White House grass, he sees “Donald Trump sucks!” written in urine across the snow.  &amp;#x200B;  Donald is pretty annoyed about this so he storms into his security staff’s headquarters, and shouts, “Somebody wrote an insult in the snow on the front damn lawn! And they wrote it with pee! Whoever did it had to be standing right on the porch when he did it! Where were you guys?!”  &amp;#x200B;  The security personnels are in silence and stare ashamedly at the floor.  &amp;#x200B;  Trump yells, “Damnation!, don’t just sit there! Get out and find out who did it! I want an answer, and I want it tonight!”  &amp;#x200B;  The entire staff immediately jump up and race for the exits.  &amp;#x200B;  Later that night, chief security officer approaches him and says, “Well Mr. President, we have some bad news and we have some really bad news. Which do you want to hear first?”  &amp;#x200B;  Trump replies, “Give me the bad news first.”  &amp;#x200B;  The officer says, “Well, we took a sample of the urine and tested it. The results just came back, and it was Mike Pence’s urine.”  &amp;#x200B;  Donald says, “Oh Jesus, I feel so… so… betrayed! My own vice president! Well, what’s the really bad news?”  &amp;#x200B;  The security chief replies, “Well Mr. President, it’s Melania’s handwriting.”  &amp;#x200B;
Sources report that after holding office for just two years, President Trump has already developed significant forehead wrinkles. Talk about making national headlines!
What title would be perfect for Trumps biography? Get rich or cry trying
Freshman Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib is in trouble with the Secret Service for using the words "Mother F**ker" Apparently, they weren't happy she revealed Mike Pence's code word
Donald Trump is walking across the White House lawn after a snowstorm. (A novel) ...as he is staring down at his tiny phone to compensate for his tiny hands, in the corner of his eye, he sees a patch of yellow on the fresh white snow.    He approaches it, and discovers that someone has peed "Trump is a fuckup," on his pristine white house lawn.      Outraged, he calls the Secret Service and demands and investigation be made.   The Secret Service claims they are still reviewing the punch bowl incident during the New Years party, and Trump threatens to restaff the entire property if these disrespectful heathens were not brought to justice by midnight.    That evening, Trump gets a visitor from the lead investigator of "Operation Yellow on White."   The investigator looks obviously rattled, as if he is aware that he truly is a bearer of bad news.    "So, what did Youse Guys find out about the piece of shit that ruined my perfect lawn?"  The president asks.  "He better be sitting in a holding cell with a car battery and some jumper cables within reach, right now."  "Mister President, sir.  We have finished the investigation, and we have two lead suspects.  We discovered small traces of semen, frozen but intact, in the message.  A DNA analysis concluded that the semen belonged to Former President William Jefferson Clinton."  Trump slams his baby sized hand against the Oval office desk, making a sound akin to salami being thrown against a tile wall.   "THAT LIBERAL PIECE OF SHIT!  HE IS TRYING TO UNDERMINE MY ENTIRE ADMINISTRATION WITH THIS!" the man raves, his usually orange completion flushing with crimson.    "I WANT YOU TO ISSUE A WARRANT FOR BILL AND HIS CROOKED HILARY ON CHARGES OF TREASON!"  The investigator, knowing that this exchange is a dumpster fire in the making, clears his throat and dips his chin downward a mere inch.   "...Mister President.  Senator Clinton was in New York when this incident occured.  Multiple eyewitnesses confirmed it, as did satellite imagery."  The investigator explains.     Seething, Trump slings a stack of files from his desk, scattering them across the entire oval office in a whirlwind of top-secret classified rage.  "THEN WHO HELPED THAT HILLBILLY RUIN MY FUCKING LAWN, AGENT?!"   The agent clears his throat.  "Mister President.   Sir.  We analyzed the handwriting.  It was matched with 99% accuracy that it belongs to your wife."   
New poll shows that the majority Bernie Sander's supporters like whole milk But they hate 1%
Bill Clinton's food tester Bill Clinton's food tester is walking through the White House wearing a big grin.    One of the staff sees him and asks, "Why are you so happy, today? Don't you have the shitty job of trying everything before the president eats it, in case its poison?    The food tester replies, "Yep! And today he just got 8 new interns."
Q: What's worse than sticking 11 oysters up Hillary Clinton's cunt? A: Licking out 12! 
What do Jesus, Kurt Cobain and Trump have in common? A hole.  Jesus in his hands, Kurt Cobain in his head and Trump is digging one for America.
What's a libertarians favorite icecream? Statutory grape
"[Trump] says not to worry about a recession. He says he always finds a way to win and that he wrote the book on surviving financial catastrophe. Specifically, chapter 11."  Bill Maher from his show on Friday
How does Trump like his sex? Just like his soil, oily
Why does Trump want his Viagra from American pharmaceutical companies? He doesn't want foreign countries interfering in the next erection
Trump really is helping out Wall Street For some unknown reason the price of coat hanger business stock is off the charts
Donald Trump makes the BEST deal! Donald Trump: Ivanka, I've always had a thing for you. I've always pictured myself having sex with you. Can we just make your dad's dream come true, please.  Ivanka: I can't dad, I'm married!  Trump: That's okay. We can do it when Jared is at work....PLEASE HONEY!  Ivanka: No dad, I'm not that kind of girl.  Trump: How about I give you $5000, and it will be our little secret. We can do it in the morning when Jared is at work, and no one will ever know.  Ivanka: $5000? FINE DAD! Tomorrow when Jared is at work, we can do it.  ***Next day******, Donald arrives at Ivanka's house, slaps down the $5000 on the kitchen counter and has his way with Ivanka for a full 2 minutes that he lasted, and leaves quickly.***  *Shortly after Jared arrives home, with a worried look on his face.*  Jared: Ivanka, was your dad here today?  Ivanka: Yes......  Jared: Did he give you $5000?  Ivanka: Yes....  Jared: THANK GOD! That guy really keeps his promises. I let him borrow $5000 this morning, and he promised he would pay me back, and leave it on our kitchen counter.
What did Donald Trump say when he first met Melania? Hey Vlad, 'ow much for the broad?
Trump just found out Pete Bootigieg is running for President. He said, "We can't have that. If anyone is going to be the booty judge, it's going to be me."
Trump supporter : You cannot just illegally enter a country and think you can just stay there. Interviewer : So you think the Israelis should not be taking over Palestine  Trump supporter : Well... I.....ahhh
Why are there no dollar bills with Trump's portrait? That would devalue our money even more.
Donald Trump's Presidency That's it. That's the entire fucking joke.
How do you get Trump to change a light bulb? Tell him Obama put it in.
Mike Pence and Donald Trump are getting coffee. Trump: I will have less sugars. Pence: Actually boss, it’s fewer. Trump: I told you not to call me that outside of the bedroom.
What did Obama say when Michelle left him “How could you leave Obama self”
Barron Trump: "Dad, can you help me with my economics homework?" Donald: "no, son.  It wouldn't be right."  Barron: "I know, but will you try it anyway?"
Bill Clinton is known to enjoy this music instrument Harmonica Lewinsky
Congress gets kidnapped A driver was stuck in a traffic jam on the highway outside Washington, DC.  Nothing was moving.  Suddenly, a man knocks on the window. The driver rolls down the window and asks, "What's going on?"  "Terrorists have kidnapped the entire US Congress, and they're asking for a $100 million dollar ransom. Otherwise, they are going to douse them all in gasoline and set them on fire.  We are going from car to car, collecting donations."  "How much is everyone giving, on an average?" the driver asks.  The man replies, "Roughly a gallon."
Trump: How do you know if you live in a good neighborhood? When it is Cinco de Mayo and you don't see any flags...
What ‘J’ stands for in Donald J Trump? Genius
I asked my Republican friend if he though Amazon should pay taxes He said "Of course, they're not a church"
What do my phone and the Trump administration have in common? They’re both 50% charged and in the back pocket!
Trump’s nothing like Hitler.  There’s no way he could write a book. 
After america has been made great again Trump got a new slogan "American't be better"
Apparently Donald Trump gets sent, on average, two dog shits in the mail every week. All I want to know is, who’s sending the other one?
Due to all the scandals, the Trump administration has decided to stop using emails. They’ll use alternative fax.
Trump was out walking on a beautiful snowy day, when he saw that somebody had urinated on the White House lawn to spell out "The President Sucks." Infuriated, Trump called on the secret service to figure out who had done it. In a few hours, they came to him and told him that there was some bad news and some worse news.  "The bad news is that the urine is from Putin."  "Vlad? How could he do this to me? What could be worse than this?"  "The handwriting's is Melania's." 
Donald trump and Barack Obama somehow ended up at the same barbershop. Donald trump and Barack Obama somehow ended up at the same barbershop.  &amp;#x200B;  As they sat there each being worked on by a different barber not a word was spoken the barbers were even afraid to start a conversation for fear it would turn to politics.  &amp;#x200B;  As the barbers finished their shaves the one who had trump in his chair reached for the aftershave.  &amp;#x200B;  Trump was quick to stop him saying 'no way buddy my wife will smell that and think I’ve been in a damn whorehouse.  &amp;#x200B;  The second barber turned to Obama and said, 'how about you?'   &amp;#x200B;  Obama replied 'go ahead my wife doesn't know what the inside of a whorehouse smells like.’  &amp;#x200B;
I'm surprised at how Trump treats queer and transgender people. After all, Trump himself is a pussy, a dick, and even an asshole.
A Jew, a Muslim and a Trump supporter walk into a bar Drink, talk, laugh and have a good time. That’s what happens when you are not a moron
A reporter at an interview asked Donald Trump.. A reporter at an interview asked Donald Trump the following question: "Can you tell us, Mr. President, why did you cut primary school funding and why did you raise government prisons' funding by 200%?"   "Well I'm certainly not going to go back to primary school, am I?"
The Pope and Donald Trump are standing in front of a crowd... The Pope turns to Trump and says, "Did you know that with a single wave of my hand, I can make this entire crowd go wild? Their joy will not be a momentary passing emotion either, but will live on in their hearts each time they tell someone of this day."  Trump replies, "What?! With one wave of your SAD hand? I doubt it."  So the Pope slapped him.
Trump may have dodged the draft but he was still given honorary military ranks. Private Tax Return, Major Embarrassment, Chief Petty Officer, General Incompetence.
Trump has two brains: left and right Just that on the left, there’s nothing right; On the right, there’s nothing left...
What would Donald Trump say if Americas' cyber security was in danger? "We need to build a firewall."
Brad Pitt, Donald Trump, a 12-year old and an older gentleman… …are all flying on the same plane. Suddenly, there are huge problems and the captain let them know that “the plane is going to crash. Unfortunately, there are only 3 parachutes available. Please agree among each other on whom is going to take the parachutes”.  Brad Pitt stands up and says: “Guys I am sorry. I have to take one. My kids need me, my fans need me and I am too good looking anyway to die” and jumps off the plane.  Donald Trump stands up, takes the second parachute and says: “Sorry guys, but I am going to be the best president in history of the United States of America. My people need me. America needs me” and jumps of the plane.  The older gentleman smiles gently, pats the kid on the shoulder and says: “Listen son. Take the last parachute. I´ve lived my life, you have yours entirely ahead of you. Its ok.”  The boy just shrugs and says: “Don´t worry. The best president in history only took my school bag.” 
Trump: I like people who weren’t captured. McCain: I like advisers who weren’t ordered to surrender.
Why is Trump so goid at waltzing? He knows all the words  (russian accent)  Da da da da. Da da da da.
Donald Trump Faked his Death Last Night   It was only uncovered when the media showed up and reported on the fake noose.
A man talks to Trump about the pigeon problem in the US The man: I can make all the pigeons in the US to fly away. Trump: How? The man: come with me. They go to the top of the tallest building in the US The man: i have a magical blue pigeon that every single pigeon in the US will follow if i let the bird fly out into the direction every pigeon will go  The man releases the blue pigeon and every single pigeon fly’s away following the blue pigeon like sheep, there are no more pigeons in the US.  But trump turns to the man and says “Got any blue mexicans?”
Kid Rock announced he won't be running for the Republican Michigan Senate nomination . This come as a great relief to Democratic challenger Kid Scissors. 
Someone should tell Trump that neurons can be fired. Then maybe he'll figure out the joke.
The U.S. postal services came out with a new Donald Trump stamp. Although they received many complaints that they were defective! After polling the public on how the stamp is defective, they figured out nothing was wrong with the stamp at all!  The americans were just not spitting on the right side!
a wet nurse union went on strike for seats in congress their motto: "no lactation without representation"
Donald trump and Hilary Clinton are in a plane, the plane crashes who survives? America.
What’s Donald Trumps favourite snack A wallnut
What’s the difference between Trump and a donkey? A donkey isn’t always a jackass.
Bernie Sanders joins list of 2020 Democratic Presidential candidates. Err sorry, typo. That should be:   Bernie Sanders joins list of 2,020 Democratic Presidential candidates. 
Donald Trump is so dumb... He thought Bombe Alaska was a sound military strategy. 
Although we may never see Trump Wall... ... we all just got to see Trump Cave.
If you have ever heard Trump's grammar while he speaks You'd know that he's no cunning linguist.
Trump’s Least Favorite Picture Book Where’s Wall Dough?
I thought Trump wanted a wall. Turns out he got a cave. 
How is a congressman and a dog similar? When you ask them to speak they will, but it doesn't mean anything.
If Trump gets a coin every time he gets criticized He would have built the wall using his own money.
I'm totally appalled that Hillary had a private server... A woman of her status should have at least a Lieutenant waiting on her.
I asked the bookstore clerk if he had Trump’s new book on border security. He said “Fuck you! Get out and stay out!” I replied, “ Yes- that’s the one. Do you have it in paperback?”
If Donald Trump were a robot, which one would he be? WALL-E 
The Trump Family is flying from New York to DC Donald-"I think I'll throw a $1000 bill out the window and make some American happy" Melania- "Why don't you throw ten $100 bills and make ten Americans happy? Ivanka- "It will be even better if you throw one hundred $10 dollar bills and make one hundred people happy? The pilot hears the conversation and exclaims "Why don't y'all jump out the window and make the entire country happy?"
How many democrats does it take to change a lightbulb? none. They're afraid of seeing the light
What did Donald Trump get in his latest deal? Extra fry sauce.
People say congress is in a stalemate, but that isn’t true In order for a stalemate you need black pieces 
Republicans and Democrats never agree on anything Republicans said the temperature is -40° F And democrats immediately said it was -40° C.
What do antivaxx kids and Trump have in common? 4 years or less.
The president is walking out of the white house and heading towards his limousine when a possible assassin steps forward and aims a gun. A secret service agent, new on the job, shouts “Mickey Mouse!”. This startles the would be assassind and he is captured. Later that day, the secret service agent’s supervisor takes him aside and asks, “What in the hell made you shout Mickey Mouse?”. Blushing, the agent replies, “I got nervous. I meant to shout “Donald, duck!”
The President is walking out of the white house  and heading towards his limo, when a possible assassin steps forward and aims a gun. A secret service agent, new on the job, shouts 'Mickey Mouse!' this startles the would be assassin and he is captured. Later the Secret service agent's supervisor took him aside and asked 'What in the hell made you shout Mickey Mouse?' Red faced, the agent replies 'I got nervous. I meant to shout..... Donald, Duck!'
Did you know NBC once considered a diet &amp; fitness show based on people such as Air Force Amy, Mary Magdalene, Heidi Fleiss, Charles Ponzi, Berni Madoff, and Donald Trump? The pilot was cancelled because they didn't want to weigh the pros and the cons. 
Why did the trump supporter cross the road? His dick was stuck in the chicken.
I asked my Mexican friend how he felt about Trump building the wall... He said he’d get over it. 
How many words are needed to describe how Trump is taking America? Definitely not four-words..
What is called when the people behind trump's election get together to tell jokes? 4chan
My evangelical friends are convinced that Donald Trump recently found Jesus in his life. He’s having him deported tomorrow.
I call my Dollar Tree earbuds "Donald Trump." They have low fidelity.
What’s the difference between trump and Biden? Trump waits until the cameras are gone before he gets to molestin’
The Danish government should sell Greenland to Trump By the time the deal closes, he'll have enough Greenland for a drink
Trump's border wall idea will actually work! The Chinese have had their wall for over 2000 years... There are still no Mexicans in China!
What does Donald Trump call two kayaks? Fake canoes. 
Trump's wall barely touches a small portion of the entire U.S. No wonder everyone thinks he's off on a tangent.
Q: If Donald Trump is arrested, what will they call it? A: Orange justice.
This was trump's one chance with Paris... And he pulled out?! 
Trump will acknowledge climate change when hell freezes over.
World leaders this week are disappointed in Trump pulling out... The rest of the world is disappointed his dad didn't.
What's the difference between a man who admires wrist watches and Donald Trump? One watches your watch. The other snatches your snatch.
Trump receives a message Last week Trump received a coded message, reportedly from Chinese Hackers.   It read: 370HSSV-0773H   Trump  was stumped and asked Pence what the message could mean. Pence was totally stumped too, so they passed it to the top American  programmers, who spent 2 days trying to decipher it. Knackered, the programmers sent it to the FBI.  The Director of the FBI suggested Trump should turn the message upside down.
What is the difference between Trump and Comey? One is a liar and the other is 6'8" 
Ever wondered why there's no Congressional Basketball game? Because Congress can't pass anything. 
What is Donald Trumps favorite rock album? The Wall.
Steve Jobs would have been a much better president than Donald Trump (Re-thought) Everyone wishes Donald Trump would get cancer and die, but Steve Jobs actually *did* it.
How can Donald Trump stop embarrassing leaks? Depends. 
Trump visits an elementary school one day... Donald Trump is visiting an elementary school one day.  In one of the classes, they're in the middle of a discussion about words and their meanings.  The teacher asks Trump if he'd like to lead the discussion of the word "tragedy."  He agrees to do so and asks the class for an example of a tragedy.  One little boy stands up and says, "If my best friend who lives on a farm, is playing in the field and a runaway tractor comes along and runs him over and kills him, that would be a tragedy."  "No," says Trump, "That would be an accident."  Next a little girl raises her hand and says, "If a school bus carrying forty children went off a cliff, killing everyone inside, that would be a tragedy."  "No, I'm afraid not," says Trump. "That's what we would call a great loss."  The room goes silent for a while as no other children volunteer.  Trump looks around the room and says a little testily, "Isn't there anyone here who can give me an example of a tragedy?"  At last, a little boy at the back of the class raises his hand and says, "If a private jet carrying you, Mr Trump, was struck by a missile and blown to smithereens, that would be a tragedy."  "Fantastic!" shouts Mr Trump, "That's exactly right. And can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?"  "Well," says the boy, "Because it sure as hell wouldn't be a great loss and it probably wouldn't be an accident either."  
You know what's great about not being Donald Trump? The fact that I can lust to fuck Ivanka silly and it not be creepy. 
What would you call Trump if he started taking oxy's? Oxymoron:p
How in the world did Trump become president? Schrodinger's Cat
What’s the benefit of having a Republican as the President? Democrats don’t have to stand up every 30 seconds during the State of the Union. 
Oprah said she might run for president, and it started a conversation about who would run against Trump. But we already know who becomes president after Trump ... Lisa Simpson
The Democrats are trying to decide who they should get to deliver their rebuttal to Trump's State of the Union Address... "Okay gang, Trump won on the voters' misguided desire to cathartically nuke the whole political system and thumb their noses at the perceived political elites. How do we tap into that in our State of the Union rebuttal?"  "Do you think Joseph P. Kennedy III is available?"
Donald Trump figured out how to get Mexico to pay for the wall. He promised monthly diplomatic visits for the rest of his term.
To what key does Donald Trump tune his instrument? Not C
Trump truly is a genius With only 5 years old he was as smart as he is today
What did Jon Snow say to Donald Trump when he built a wall? Shut up
What's the most likely kind of attack to happen while Donald Trump is President of the United States of America? A heart attack.
The Republican Party What a train wreck.
Trump has announced a new plan to help save Forrests... It starts with the systematic killing of woodpeckers
Trump calls himself a “stable genius”. He must mean he’s an Einstein at shoveling horse shit. 
What will Trump’s favorite sport be this year in the Winter Olympics? It’s gonna be LUGE.
If Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump fell off a cliff who would be saved? America
A Democrat and a Republican go skydiving A Democrat and a Republican go skydiving.  The Democrat jumps out of the plan and pulls his cord the parachute opens and he begins to softly float towards the ground.  Seconds later the Republican jumps out of the plane.  He pulls the main cord and nothing happens..he pulls his emergency cord and again nothing happens.  He goes flying down past the Democrat screaming and the Democrat yells "oh you wanna race!?"  And he takes off his parachute.
A man goes in front of the white house, pours shit inside a pot and starts stirring *A cop that was walking by witnesses this and and starts yelling at him*  Cop: Hey!! WTF do you think you're doing?!  Man: I'm making a delegate.  *The man then pours more shit inside the pot.*  Cop: What are you doing now?  Man: I'm making a senator!  Cop: Well, while you're at it, why don't you make us a president?  Man: Nah sorry, I don't have enough shit for that.
When Donald Trump found out he was an unindicted co-conspirator... He immediately denied it and stated:  "everyone who knows me, knows I'm never on a diet."
What does the White House use when their fax machine breaks? Alternative fax
The Trump Foundation has dissolved and employees are going their separate ways... Some arr going to Riker's and others are going to San Quinton.
Donald Trump has finally made one thing in America great again. Saturday Night Live
As a gamer I'm waiting for Trump to build wall as soon as possible. So I can say...... GG Wall Played.... 
Trump shutting down the border would be the best thing for millennials Once the avocado market dries up they can finally pay off their student loans and buy a house
I thought I had explicit photos of Donald Trump Fake nudes
Why will Congress never impeach Hillary Clinton? Because she didn't win the election. 
Please stop hating on Trump, he saved my friend's life! Earlier last year my friend had been in a coma for years. The doctors tried everything and told us to pray for a miracle.   And then one day his nurse came and switched the TV to Trump's campaign, he woke up and turned it off.
Bernie Sanders would be a great and wise and experienced president I mean, he was Alexander The Great’s chief advisor.
Why hasn't Trump deported all the muslims? Cause he couldn't get them past airport security.
What did President Trump call Roy Moore's senate loss? *"A minor setback."*
Did you hear about the new bill clinton computer? it has a 6 inch hard drive, and no memory!
What do Donald Trump and global warming have in common? Hot air
If Donald Trump gets coal in his stocking... Is he happy or sad about it?
How do you get a congressman to care about net neutrality? Remind him that it keeps him from paying extra to access those kiddy porn sites
A Star Wars fan, a bitcoin investor and an anti-Trumper walk into a bar... Which one tells you about it first?
What do you call Donald Trump peeing off of a cliff? A presi-piss
I feel like Hilary Clinton I just deleted 50,000 emails
Trump should hire the Swedish Soccer team.. Mexico couldn't break their wall.
Trump wants to paint the Whitehouse. He asks for a quote from a Chinese guy, a European, and a Turk. The Chinese guy says he can do it for 3 million dollars, the European says he can do it for 7 million, and the Turk says he can do it for 10 million.   Trump asks the Chinese man why it would cost 3 million and he responds "one for paint, one for my workers, and one for my profit".   Trump asks the European why it would cost seven million and he says "four for paint, one for workers, and three for my profit."  Finally trump asks the Turk why it would cost 10 million dollars and he says "three for me, four for you, and give three to the Chinese guy and let the fucker paint"
In breaking news, Donald Trump has decided to make the nation of Mexico the 51st state. It will be called New New Mexico.
Why did Donald Trump get his Nipples Pierced? Because he remembered George W. Bush won a second term with Dick Chainy
What's the difference between democrats and republicans in America? One group wants to abolish ICE, the other wants to abolish ice.
Did you know Trump went to Syracuse? He's an Orange Man.
Trump is doing everything in his power to make Mexico pay for the wall By acting so batshit crazy they want to build the wall themselves for protection 
Ok Ok already! I am willing to do the Chief if Staff job for Trump but with one Q Is the (No Science or Facts) required lobotomy reversible?
Why Trump decided to build tall walls ? He obviously watched Attack on Titan.
Trump, Clinton, Obama, and Bush each ran a mile. Trump made a time of 11:56  Clinton was slightly faster, timing at 11:31  Obama was very fast, he ran a 10:03  But Bush did 9:11
When Trump dies, his grave stone will say "I was the greatest human of all time" "Bereave me"
Why did Trump run away from the rain? Because Stormy situations don’t go too well^^^^^^^^^lamebutwhatever
I've just uncovered damning evidence that Hillary Clinton knew about the 30,000 emails she deleted as well as what really happened in Benghazi I'm sharing it because the American people deserve to know the tr
Where does Donald Trump shop? Wall-Mart. 
Why do Trump supporters call themselves Centipedes? Because just like Centipedes, they are spineless (invertebrates). 
Trump is really learning a lot as president of the United States Do you see that mans golf swing??
Trump has left the historical Paris Climate Accord in which countries around the world agreed to fight global warming... It was the first time he pulled out of a working model.
If the blue man lives in the blue house, the red man lives in the red house, and the purple man lives in a purple house, then who lives in the White House? The orange man. 
Trump is turning America into a well-oiled machine... ... unfortunately he's using the wrong oil.
What's Donald Trump's favourite psychological study? Little Hans
What's Trump's favorite element? Fire
Bill Clinton, Bill Gates, and the Pope all go to heaven (Warning, a bit dated) Immediately they all start panicking, but St. Peter calms them down. "Relax, relax," he says. "You aren't dead. You're up here because you're the three most important people in the world, the president, the pope, and the richest man on earth. I have chosen you to take a message back to the people." Bill Clinton is suspicious. "What's the message?" he asks. "Well," St. Peter paused for a moment. "The world will end in two weeks." Instantly, the three wake up in their beds on earth, and start contacting everybody. The Pope calls all his contacts, and says "All right people, I have good news and bad news. There is 100% undeniable proof that God exists, but the world will end in two weeks." Bill Clinton calls up his advisors, and says "Two pieces of bad news: God is real, and the world will end in two weeks." Finally, Bill Gates calls up everyone, and says "I have two pieces of *great* news: I am one of the most important people in the world, and Y2K is no longer an issue."
Trump's hair is like a thong... It barely covers the asshole… 
A Trump Supporter, a Muslim Guy, &amp; a Duck... ...walk into a bar after arguing politics. The duck says, "Let's hash it out, but for now, drinks are on me!" The Trump supporter orders a jack &amp; coke. The Muslim guy orders a rum &amp; coke. The Duck looks at the Trump supporter, looks at the Muslim guy, and says, "Barkeep, i'll have a beer and put it on my bill."
What is Donald Trump's least favorite vegetable? Leeks!
Have you heard that Trump and Melania haven't been doing it lately? He's too tired from fucking the environment
President Donald Trump is great at reading female body language Too bad he reads it in braille.
Donald Trump must have fired Comey for going too fast. He said he was doing nothing but Russian investigations.
Did you hear about the time Donald Trump made James Comey have lunch with him? I heard it was a presidential man-date. 
Another Trump joke An american was driving his car until he ended up in a traffic jam.  After a long time of waiting and standing with his car, without moving any further, a policeman appeared and knocked on his window.  "Good day Sir, some terrorists kidnapped the President and will soak him in gasoline and burn him, if the government won't pay them 10 million dollar. We are currently asking the citizens, if they are willing to donate something."  The man took his wallet, looked insinde and asked the policeman:  "Just tell me: how much did the other drivers give?"  "About 20 to 50"  "Dollar?"  "No. Gallons"
What do Donald Trump and his father have in common? They both have shitty judgment when it comes to pulling out.
I thought Trump's ties were made in China... Why is everyone saying they're from Russia now?
Trump likes his atmosphere like he likes his women Thick
What do you call a bunch of Democrats in a basement? A whine cellar. 
How did Putin get engaged to Trump? He went to Jared. 
Mike Huckabee is interviewing donald trump... Huckabee, asking the tough questions: "So we've seen you in your stylish golf clothes on the course, and your sharp bespoke suits when you are at work, but the American people want to know what the president really wears, boxers or briefs?"  trump: "Depends..."  Huckabee: "Depends on what, your mood, the situation, if Malania is around?"  trump: "No, just Depends." 
What did Barack Obama say to Michelle when he proposed? What did Barack Obama say to Michelle when he proposed?  I don't wanna be Obama self.  
What's Donald Trump's favorite album? The Wall
Why couldn’t trump hang himself? Fake noose.
President Trump's announces his new medical care act It's called "Single Prayer".
An Irishman and Donald Trump are reading an article about brain transplants It says you can get you can a brain transplant from a Irish man for €5000  cheaper than an american.   Trump says "This proves that America is the greatest country ever and Americans are the smartest people ever"   "No it doesnt" says the Irishman "It just means an Americans Brain hasnt been used as much"
If President Trump started a new party in 2020 l what would it be called? My suggestion is the whig party.
A Mexican kid walks up to Trump and says... "I want to be President one day." Trump then says "Are you stupid? Are you an idiot? Out of your mind? Are you retarded?"  Then the Mexican kid replies "You know what, I've changed my mind. Those are too many requirements."
Donald Trump walks into the Oval office with a huge pile of shit in his little hands and says. Would you look at what I almost stepped on! 
You know the call Donald Trump "The Law and Order President", Because they are going to base three seasons of the show on him in a few years.
Why didn't Donald Trump go to midnight Mass? Fake pews
Trump, Saudi King &amp; Putin find a Lamp on a golf course. During a world leaders meeting President Trump, The Saudi King and Vladimir Putin take time out to go for a stroll to examine the resorts golf course and settle their differences.  Whilst over the green on the 1st hole President Trump and Putin get into a heated argument. The Saudi King takes a step back and trips over unearthing a metal lamp.  He picks it up, rubs it and out pops a Genie. Putin and Trump stop arguing immediately whilst in awe of the spectacular beast.   The Genie: Tells the Saudi King you’ve got “three wis..”..“Stop right there!” says Trump!  Trump: “This has to be the worse deal in the history of deals,...we were also a part of finding you here okay...so we should get a wish each!”  All parties agree on something for the first time and each get a wish.  The Saudi King goes first, and says “Oh Genie for years I’ve been getting sand in everything. It’s in my underwear, my cars, my hotels, my planes. All I’ve wanted was to have a safe, fruitful and bountiful country with green grass and clean water and no sand....Say no more, says the Genie. **snap of the fingers** It’s done. The U.A.E becomes a peaceful country, with green grass, fruit trees and waterfalls.  Vladimir Putin says, “Genie I’d like to wi.. ..”..”Wait!” Scream’s Trump “I’m going next!” Catching onto a good idea after the Saudi Kings wish.  Trump: “Genie, I want everything that Saudi King just wished for, plus...I want all their Oil...and...Gold AND... since those lazy Mexicans won’t build my wall, I want a 150foot high wall. I want it to be made from indestructible concrete surrounding my entire country. I want not so much as an ant to be able to get in or out...Okay!” Say no more, says the Genie. **snap of the fingers** It’s done. The U.S becomes economically independent, with an impenetrable fortress wall surrounding every inch.  Geanie: ..and you Mr. Putin,....what can I do for you?  Putin: You see that wall? **pointing to the U.S**.....Fill the cunt up with water!!  Edited: For the spelling police.
If Trump had been editor of the Sun, "Virginia" would have received a much different answer... No.
My girlfriend tells me that I quote Donald Trump way too much. She's spreading fake news. Sad! 
The Pope, Donald Trump, Lionel Messi, and a 14 year old boy are flying on a plane together. Halfway into the flight, the pilots announce that the plane is going down, and that there are only three parachutes on board.   Lionel Messi grabs a parachute and says “Well guys, I’m the best football player in the world. My fans and millions of people worldwide need me!”, and jumps out of the plane.   Donald Trump grabs a parachute and says “Well guys, I’m the smartest president in the history of the world! I am the only hope for my country and its people!”, and jumps out of the plane.   The Pope looks at the child sadly and says:  “Listen son, I have lived a full life dedicated to helping others. Take the last parachute and save yourself.”   The child, wide-eyed, looks at the Pope and replies: “That’s okay, Sir! The smartest president in history took my backpack!” 
Mr Green lives in The Green House. Mr Blue lives in The Blue House. Mrs Pink lives in The Pink House. Who lives in The White House? Mr Orange.
Donald Trump is boarding Air Force One When all of a sudden, an assassin jumps out and points the gun at Trump. A member of the secret service sees this and yells, “Mickey Mouse!” This startles the would-be assassin so much that it gives the other agents time to apprehend him. While the agents interrogate the assassin, Donald Trump pulls the agent aside and says, “ Why did you yell Mickey Mouse when you saw the assassin?” The agent says, “Well, I got nervous and meant to say Donald Duck.”
On Bill and Hillary’s wedding night On Bill and Hillary's wedding night, Bill said " I'll always be truthful to you Hillary, but promise you'll never open this shoebox.  Thinking it's a strange request, Hillary agreed that she never would.   On their 30th anniversary, she stumbles upon the box. Having kept her promise for all these years, she decides to open the box. Inside, there are 3 soda cans and $1000. Strange she thinks and puts the box away.  That night at dinner, Hillary says, "Bill, I opened the box for the first time in our 30 years of marriage. What does it mean?"  Bill wasn't upset. He said "Well I put a soda can in the box for every time of cheated on you.".   "Well 3 times in 30 years isn't so bad," she replied. "But I have to ask, why was there $1000 in the box?"  And Bill said, "whenever the box fills up, I recycle the cans"
What do you call Donald Trump going down the stairs? A condescending con descending.
Report: Trump has resigned as president. The Russians really Putin to shame.
What do you call it when Donald Trump pretends to sleep? Fake snooze
Why does Trump never miss an appointment with Putin? Because it is a mandate
Trumps going on vacation for 17 days Or 1.7 Scaramuccis
Do you understand what's going on in the Russia-White House scandal? Yeah, I'm picking up what you're Putin down.
The Trump Tower Library burned down. All two books burned.  One wasn't even colored yet. 
Why does Trump only watch half of the Olympic? Because he favours certain races
Trump and Obama meets during inauguration. Trump asks: Barack, your approval ratings are pretty high. I love ratings bigly. Can you give me some tips?  Obama: The key is having a strong administration. I make sure that my administration not only works hard but is also composed of smart people.  Trump: What do you mean?  Obama summons Biden.  Obama (to Biden): Joe, I have a question for you. Who is a son or daughter of your parents but not your sibling?  Biden: It is me Barack!  Obama to Trump: See, that is how we roll...  After inauguration Trump decides to test this on Pence.  Trump: Mike, I have a question for you. Who is a son or daughter of your parents but not your sibling?  Pence takes half an hour but can't figure out the answer. Eventually, he decides to cheat and asks chief strategist Steve Bannon. After some brainstrom Bannon says "It is me!".  Pence rushes to Trump: It is Steve sir!  Trump furious: What are you talking about loser? It is Joe Biden. You are fired!
I'm sick and tired of everyone comparing Trump to Hitler. Hitler had no off-days. 
You know how President Obama has his own marijuana strain (Obama Kush)? Trump's strain is going to be cocaine... more specifically: "white powder"
I like how the r/Jokes avatar is Donald Trump Because he is indeed the best joke.
Why does President Trump only drink liquor made by Fox News? Everything else is fake booze.
People keep grouping all Trump supporters with these Nazi movements recently, which I disagree with and think is quite silly. After all, the Russians fought *against* the Nazis.
How much pussy did Bill Clinton get in the White House? A clit-ton
What do you call someone who likes Trump? A narcissist.
Why would Donald Trump have trouble killing himself? Fake noose.
What kind of fruit do republicans hate? Dem Apples.
What do Trump and an abandoned school have in common? No principles.
President Obama goes to visit the Queen of England. As Air Force One arrives at Heathrow Airport, President Obama is warmly welcomed by the Queen. They are driven in a car to the edge of central London, where they get into a magnificent seventeenth-century carriage hitched to six white horses. They continue on toward Buckingham Palace and wave to the crowds gathered to greet them. Suddenly the right rear horse lets out the loudest fart ever heard in the British Empire. The smell is awful and both passengers put handkerchiefs over their noses. The two dignitaries of state do their best to ignore the incident. Because the smell lingers, the Queen feels she must say something. She turns to President Obama and says, “Mr. President, please accept my regrets. I am sure you understand there are some things that even a Queen cannot control.”  Obama looks at her and replies, “Your Majesty, I completely understand. Until you mentioned it, I thought it was one of the horses.”
Donald Trump Trump comes to work in the morning holding a mysterious package. Rushing into the oval office, he calls out to his secretary, “No calls. No interruptions.”  At the end of a long day, the President comes out in a foul mood, walks back to his bedroom and goes right to sleep.  Early the next morning, he is back at the office. “No calls. No interruptions.”, he calls out before entering the office and slamming the door behind him.  The behavior repeats itself but after a few days, it is midnight and Trump still hasn’t come out of his office. Unsure what to do, they decide that Chief of Staff John Kelley should knock on the door. “Mr. President. Are you okay?”  “I said NO INTERRUPTIONS and I meant it!”, they hear Trump scream through the door.  Two more days pass without a word from the president and then the secretary’s phone rings. It is Trump. “Get me Sarah Sanders immediately!”  The secret service is dispatched and in 15 minutes, a breathless Sarah Sanders is knocking on the door to the Oval office.  “Come in.”  Sanders open the door slowly and finds a disheveled unshaven Trump sitting at his desk with a big grin on his face. On top of his desk is a completed 30 piece puzzle of the New York skyline.  Sanders doesn’t know what to make of it.  Trump leans back triumphantly in his chair and says. “I’ve got something for your next press conference…”. Sarah takes out her notebook.  “You see that puzzle?”, Trump asks pointing at his desk. “Well, the box says ‘3 to 7 years’ and me, I finished it in JUST 6 DAYS!”
What do you call democratically allied cheese that is not made of toes? NATO Cheese
Do you know why Trump dodged the drafts? Because he heard people in the military saying AWOL is unacceptable. 
Not only did Trump bring the Kremlin to the US... But also the Russian winter.
One day in the future, Donald Trump has a heart-attack and dies. He immediately goes to Hell, where the devil is waiting for him.  "I don't know what to do here," says the devil.  “You are on my list, but I have no room for you. You definitely have to stay here, so I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I've got three folks here who weren't quite as bad as you. I'll let one of them go, but you have to take their place. I'll even let YOU decide who leaves."  Donald thought that sounded pretty good, so the devil opened the door to the first room.  In it, was Richard Nixon and a  large pool of water. Nixon kept diving in, and surfacing, empty handed.   Over, and over, and over he dived in and surfaced with nothing. Such was his fate in  hell.  "No," Donald said. "I don't think so. I'm not a good swimmer and it would ruin my hair. I don't think I could do that all day  long.”  The devil led him to the door of the next room. In it, was Ronald Reagan with a sledge-hammer and a room full of rocks.   All he did was swing that  hammer, time after time after time. "No, this is no good; I've got this problem with my shoulder.”   “I would be in constant agony if all I could do was break rocks all day”, commented Donald.  The devil opened a third door.   Through it, Donald saw Bill Clinton, lying on the bed, his arms tied over his head, and his legs restrained in a spread-eagle pose.   Bent over him was Monica Lewinsky, doing what she does best.   Donald looked at this in shocked disbelief, and finally said, "Yeah man, I can handle this."  The devil smiled and said, “Okay: Monica, you're free to go."  Edit: for those who keep bashing me for reposting: I’ve already stated that I don’t use Reddit enough to know that. If you didn’t like it, move on. Also, I’m Australian and don’t know very much about American history: I just know about the punchline and thought that it was funny.  Also, thank you to those who were kind enough to give me my first gold and silver!
How a Republican flirts with someone Soo I've heard we are cousins
In what way is Donald Trump a historic President? For people born after 2008, he’s their first white president. 
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a flying pig? The letter F.
After building the wall, Trump to build an electromagnetic barrier to prevent foreign bees from entering the U.S. by sending waves that interfere with their communication. Trump is strictly against Global Swarming
Trump says he believes in traditional marriages He has had 3 of them so far
The only person Trump ever hired who was actually qualified to do their job was Stormy Daniels Now you know who the best people are  Edit: thank you for the gold and silver!
The "pussy grab" comments are how we know that Trump is a true Soviet... ... he seized the means of reproduction!
What would Donald Trump be called if he was a Sith Lord? Taxi Vader.
If I were a trumpet player I would constantly borrow other people's trumpets. I'd hate to toot my own horn.
Hurricane Michael Finally some relief. President Trump announced a wall to be put up around Mexican Beach.
Kanye West inspires Donald Trump to become a rapper. The name of his first album?   "*Orange Is The New Black"*
Why is Donald Trump so obsessed with coal? That’s all Santa ever brings him.
If you suck at trumpet That’s probably why.
Donald Trump is a two-term president. The terms are "asshole" and "liar."
Donald Trump doesn't believe in global warming Would be a lot cooler if he did
A good nickname for Donald Trump would be "Slinky" He serves no real purpose but it would make me smile to push him down some stairs.
A man walked into a cowboy bar and ordered a beer just as President Clinton came on the TV.  After a few sips he looked up at the screen and mumbled, "Now there's the biggest horse's ass I've ever seen."  Immediately, a customer at the end of the bar got up, walked over, decked him, and left.  A few minutes later, the man was finishing his beer when Hillary Clinton appeared on the TV. "She's a horse's ass too," he said.  A customer from the other end of the bar got up, walked over, and knocked him off his stool.  "Damnit!" the man said, climbing back up to the bar. "This must be Clinton country!"  "Nope," the bartender replied. "Horse country!"
Why Couldn't Trump be Vice President? He has no vices, okay? He's great. Unbelievable. The best. Excuse me, Excuse me. Listen. Sit down. He's fantastic. Winning like you can't believe. Thank you, everybody. 
Vladimir Putin is taking Donald Trump on a private tour of the Moscow Zoo. While they're passing through the petting zoo section, they see a little lamb who has gotten its head stuck in a fence and is trapped.   Putin, eager to reassert his masculinity after seeing the dancing bears, drops his trousers and proceeds to penetrate the lamb forcefully with his penis, to the shock of Trump, who can only watch, stunned into silence.  After he finishes, he tucks his penis back into his trousers, while casually gesturing to Trump: "You can have a go too if you want, my country my rules."  Trump quickly hurries over beside the lamb, and sticks his own head in the fence.
Difference between Trump and Gritty? One is orange, crazed, and liked only by a delusional fan base.  The other is the Flyer's mascot. 
Donald Trump said he named his daughter Tiffany after his favorite store: Tiffany's. How ridiculous is that?  In fact, I was just talking about that with my two sons, Crate and Barrel.
Watching the State of the Union. Who put on Trump's tie? Must've been Hillary...it's crooked. 
I saw Trump's picture on a toilet paper roll. So I instinctively swiped left. What a shit.
Trump's nothing like Hitler. There's no way he could write a book. 
It's not fair to compare Trump to garbage... ...garbage was once useful for something.
I've just about had it with all these Trump/Hitler jokes. They make me fuhrerious
Trump Jr. had strange white powder sent to him, and now Obama... It’s a Tide Ad
What’s trumps favorite fabric? Nomex 
A dating network for trump fans got hacked recently... All members was a-cussin'
Donald Trump is draining the swamp. He has already fired Tillerson, Shulkin, Bannon, Scaramucci, Priebus What Bigly courage our President has
“Some people think he could be saying this to bait Trump into sitting down at an interview. If you want to bait Trump, you leave a trail of cheeseburgers. That's how you bait him.” What does this mean from Jimmy Kimmel show?
Donald Trump was visiting a primary school and he visited one of the classes. They were in the middle of a discussion related to words and their meanings. The teacher asked the President if he would like to lead the discussion on the word “tragedy”. So the illustrious leader asked the class for an example of a “tragedy”.   One little boy stood up and offered: “If my best friend, who lives on a farm, is playing in the field and a tractor runs over him and kills him, that would be a tragedy.”   “No,” said Trump, “that would be an accident”   A little girl raised her hand: “If a school bus carrying 50 children drove over a cliff, killing everyone inside, that would be a tragedy.”   “I’m afraid not,” explained the president. “That’s what we would call great loss.”   The room went silent. No other children volunteered. Trump searched the room. “Isn’t there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy?”   Finally at the back of the room a small boy raised his hand...   In a quiet voice he said: “If ‘Air Force One’ was carrying you and was struck by a “friendly fire” missile and blown to smithereens, that would be a tragedy.”   “Fantastic!” exclaimed Trump. “That’s right. And can you tell me why that would be tragedy?”   “Well,” said the boy, “It has to be a tragedy, because it certainly wouldn’t be a great loss, and it probably wouldn’t be a fucking accident either”.
Why Did Donald Trump Take a Prostitute to an Apple Orchard? So he could pee in cider
I’m in favour of a bi-partisan agreement in Congress that medical marijuana should be allowed for the purpose of relieving arthritic pain. In other words, I’m for joint support for joint support for joint support.
What does Nvidia and Donald trump have in common. They both use hush agreements to silence their "partners" 
Donald Trump, Barack Obama, The Pope and a small Mexican kid were on a plane... The plane was plummeting and was going to crash into a building. There were only 3 parachutes. "I'm the greatest man here, I'll take a parachute" said Obama. "I'm the smartest man in here so I'll take a parachute" said Trump. They both grabbed their parachutes and lept out of the plane.    The pope said to the young boy. "Go ahead son, take the parachute". The boy replied "It's alright, the smartest man in the world just took my school bag.
Merkel, Putin and Trump have a meeting behind closed doors at Merkel’s offices in Hamburg by the Sea When they’re done discussing politics, Trump makes a small quip to break the ice  “Did you know that back during WWII, we had the best submarines, the best submarines; we had em. These guys; true american heroes, real patriots, were able to stay underwater for 65 days... 65 days. No support from the outside; true american heroes”  Puting chuckles and says  “But Donald, 65 days? We have sailors who can survive off vodka and potatoes for far more than that at sea. Our submarines during WWII could last at least 6 months without even coming up for air.”  Angela Merkel is mildly annoyed by the pissing contest the two heads of state have gotten themselves in, but decides to let them in on a little secret.  She asks them to come in closer. But just as she is about to speak, a loud commotion is heard just outside of the office. The sea is frothing and out of nowhere, a large submarine emerges.  The hatch pops open and a sternly dressed man with blond hair and strong features peeks his head out and extends his right arm.  “Heil Hitler, wir brauchen Diesel”
Why did the Russians get Donald Trump in a room with pissing prostitutes? They were colluding to rig an erection.
How many Donald Trumps does it take to screw in a lightbulb? We will never know, apparently Donald Trump is never in the dark.
Why is Trump's car insurance so cheap? NO COLLISION.
I want the trumpets from “Uptown Funk” to play in the background wherever I go. Don’t believe me? Just watch.
I like this new Democratic candidate, Pete Buttigieg. Some people think he's not experienced enough...  But it's my vote, so I'll Buttigieg of that. 
Trump rallies have a problem where the artists don’t want Trump to play their songs. I don’t know why Trump doesn’t just have live music. He could have a wonderfull all-female brass band!  Ladies and Gentlemen - The Trumpettes!
Hillary calls Trump on the phone. "I don't want to break bad news but Ruth Bader Ginsburg has died" she says "I'd like to take her place." "Well Hillary, I think you're right." Trump responds. "I'll call the funeral home and arrange it." 
Donald Trump, Cristiano Ronaldo, and Macaulay Culkin all die and visit God... And God says "I can't decide whether to send you guys to heaven or hell. So I'm going to test you. I'll let you return to earth, but each of you have to promise to give up something that you love the most.  However, if you break your promise you'll go to hell"  Macaulay Culkin gives up pizza. Donald Trump gives up money. And Cristiano Ronaldo gives up fooling around with men.  They all return to earth. As the three of them are walking down the street Macaulay Culkin sees a pizza shop. He can't help himself and goes in to get a quick bite.   BOOM, he breaks his promise and goes to hell.  Donald Trump sees a shiny quarter. He bends over to pick it up.  BOOM, him and Cristiano Ronaldo go to hell.
I’m castrated and my Queen sent me to buy a trumpet specifically for men like me. Only problem is... ...eunuch horns don’t exist. 
Donald Trump better not remove Justice Ginsberg from the supreme court. that would be ruthless
Mexicans were asked what they thought of Trump's border wall. They replied, "we're very upset... ...but we'll get over it."
President Trump is not a Xenophobe!! But he does have an irrational  hatred of the Warrior Princess.  
I heard someone's writing a book about Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump colluding with the Russians. It's called "The Tortoise and the Hair"
Apparently some naked photos of Donald Trump have been leaked by a Whitehouse staff member... ...he claims it’s all just fake nudes.
Why does Bill Clinton wear boxers? To keep his ankles warm.
If the Republicans brought back slavery... Some of them would literally end up owning the libs
There's a new Ashton Kutcher movie about Donald Trump... It's called:  Dude, Where's My Wall?
The Democrats agreed to sign over $6 Billion for the construction of the border wall, on one condition... that Trump stay on the other side. Trump agreed.  &amp;#x200B;  ...but Mexicans refused.
Why didn't Monica Lewinsky vote for Hillary Clinton? The last Clinton presidency left a bad taste in her mouth.
Where Trump was born? Jamaica... ...Medical Hospital, Queens, NY.
Why did Obama win the presidential race? Because Kenyan’s usually win in the long run.
Donald Trump and a mexican were castaway in an island when they found a magic lamp.   After rubbing the lamp, a genie came out of it and told them that he would grant 1 wish for each one of them.   Donald Trump spoke out first:  **Trump:** *I'm tired of all these mexicans, muslims and foreigners in my country! I want a HUGE wall, from east to west, north to south, so that no immigrants will disturb our peace!*   And so, the genie granted his wish.   The mexican, after thinking for a while, asked:  **Mexican:** *Is this wall really high?*   **Genie:** *As high as your eyes can see*   **Mexican:** *And is it thick too?*   **Genie:** *Nothing would ever go through it.*   So the mexican made his wish:   "Fill it with water"
What's Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable? Barack-oli 
Everybody was making jokes about the republicans. Then they played the Trump card.  
What did Trump say when he got into a fender bender? No collision! There was no collision!
Donald Trump Meets The Devl Trump has a heart attack and dies. He goes to Hell where the Devil is waiting for him.  "I don't know what to do," says the Devil. "You're on my list but I have no room for you. But you definitely have to stay here, so I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I've got three people here who weren't quite as bad as you. I'll let one of them go, but you have to take their place. I'll even let YOU decide who leaves." Trump thought that sounded pretty good so he agreed.  The devil opened the first room. In it was Richard Nixon and a large pool of water. He kept diving in and surfacing empty handed over and over and over, such was his fate in Hell.  "No!" Trump said. "I don't think so. I'm not a good swimmer and I don't think I could do that all day long."  The Devil led him to the next room. In it was Tony Blair with a sledgehammer and a room full of rocks. All he did was swing that hammer, time after time after time.  "No! I've got this problem with my shoulder. I would be in constant agony if all I could do was break rocks all day!" commented Trump.   The Devil opened a third door. In it, Trump saw Bill Clinton lying naked on the floor with his arms staked over his head and his legs staked in spread-eagle pose. Bent over him was Monica Lewinsky, doing what she does best.  Trump looked at this in disbelief for a while and finally said, "Yeah, I can handle this."  The Devil smiled and said, "Monica, you're free to go!"
Vote Democrat. Hindsight is 2020.
Why didn't the republican promise the homeless person food? He knew the democrat would promise food, so then the homeless person would die of starvation
If a husband and wife that both voted for Trump get divorced... Are they still considered cousins?  (heard this at the family Thanksgiving get together today, my apologies if it's not new.. And apologies to Trump fans if it's offensive to you, I thought it was funny) 
Donald Trump had 5 children, named Donald, Donald, Donald, Donald, and Donald. How does he tell them apart? By their last name.
Predictive Scientist was being overviewed. What do you do here? Here is where President Trump's tweets are counted daily, the number converted from F to C, and that number is added to or subtracted from the Dooms Day clock! *GASP*  there's only a few seconds left!  Oh, this is our second time around...the rest of the department died laughing the first time but I was in the bathroom.
What does Donald Trumps military background and bad internet have in common? No service
My nephew's friend Jose, who is only 8, wrote three letters to the White House this past year requesting immigration policy reform.  But they haven't even written back or acknowledged that they've read them.  "It's almost like talking to a wall," he says.
Do you know why Michelle Obama is no longer legally allowed in schools? Because she has fire-arms.
They installed a lie detector in the White House Nobody can work any more because of all the beeping
How did the clam launder money for the Trump family? Through a shell company!  (waits quietly for MSNBC show)
Trumpets and Guns In a small town, a man just opened a small store selling trumpets and guns. One day his neighbor pays him a visit and says, "So how is your strange business going?"  "What do you mean strange?"  "Because you sell only trumpets and guns!"  "So?"  "Well, let me put it this way, what do you sell the most, trumpets or guns?"  "It evens itself out. Each time a customer buys a trumpet, one of his neighbors buys a gun."
How did Trump accidentally hang himself? He thought it was fake noose.
Jebus Crust Our lord who’s savory
If Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau were drowning If Donald Trump and Justin Trudeau were drowning  and you could only save one of them, where would you and Justin Trudeau go for lunch?  If Donald Trump and Kim-Jong Un were drowning and you could only save one of them, where would you and Justin Trudeau go for lunch?
Bush, Trump, and Hillary are all on a plane... Bush says, "I could throw this 100$ bill out the window and make someone happy". Trump, with a smug look on his face replies and says, "I could throw ten 10$ bills out the window and make 10 people happy". Hillary smirks and says "oh yeah, I could throw one hundred 1$ bills out the window and make 100 people happy". Then the pilot says to the co-pilot, "I could throw all 3 of these fucking idiots out the window and make millions of people happy".
Langon is hired to play his trumpet on the score of a movie, and he's excited. He's especially thrilled because he gets to take two long solos.  After the sessions, which go great, Langon can't wait to see the finished product. He asks the producer where and when he can catch the film. A little embarrassed, the producer explains that the music is for a porno flick that will be out in a month, and he tells Langon where he can go to see it.     A month later, Langon puts his collar up, puts on dark glasses, and he goes to the theater where the picture is playing. He walks in and sits way in the back, next to an elderly couple who also seems to be disguised and hiding.     The movie starts, and it's the filthiest, most perverted porno flick ever. Group sex, S&amp;M, golden showers... and then, halfway through, a dog gets in on the action. Before anyone can blink an eye, the dog has done all the women in ever orifice, and most of the men.     Langon is incredibly embarrassed, and he turns to the old couple and whispers, "I'm only here for the music."     The woman turns to Langon and whispers back, "I understand, we're here to see our dog."
The GOP will never impeach Trump... They believe in carrying babies to full term. 
What was the most important bill passed in the US? Clinton
President Trump has refused to release the full report proving claims that Iran is developing a fighting force of flying dinosaurs. He’s released a version of the report but It’s been pterodacted
Why is Japan reluctant on letting Trump visit? Last time a fat man visited 80'000 people died.
Donald Trump DOES have a plan to combat global warming! He's putting ICE everywhere!
How do you divert attention at a congressional hearing? If an inquisitor mentions the "R" word reply with the "F" word. If they mention the "F" word reply with the "R" word. Existential angst will take it from there.
Donald Trump, Logan Paul and Hitler are having a discussion. Hitler: “Which one of us do you guys think is the most hated?”  Logan: “I’ve ruined vine and YouTube and made an ass out of not only myself but my fans as well!”  Trump: “I’ve trolled an entire nation to get to this place and now only half of America loves me!”  Hitler: “Alright why not I make a visit to the real world and take a vote?”   After counting the ballots, Hitler returns, “Who the fuck is Zuckerberg?”
How does Donald Trump do calculus integration? He makes sure to grab it by the +c
*Zuckerberg sits in front of congress*  "Mr Zuckerberg, we have several very serious questions and we demand answers" "I have printed out all of your Internet histories" "This meeting is over...”
Why hasn't Donald Trump ever finished a book? Because he keeps repeating Chapter 11.
Trump, Putin and Kim Jon are on a boat and it capsizes. Who survives? Mankind
What is the difference between Donald Trump and a worm? One of them is a slimy, loathsome creature incapable of complex thought, and The other one actually shows up when it rains.
Why was Trump afraid to go to the dentist? He heard there would be a molar investigation.
It's obvious...republicans hate higher learning facilities.... ....because they're full of acaDEMics  ;)
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton... Hillary Clinton may have been trying to delete her E-mail history, and the existence of the private server, ... Meanwhile, at Trump HQ, Donald is trying to delete all of history.
The new Trump Administration is re-doing the voice mail prompts at the White House... Thank you for calling the White House. For English, press 1. &lt;silence&gt;
What did the Republican say when someone wished him a Happy Holidays? "Thanks!  You,  too!"
What do you call a college democrat with a gun? Triggered.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a piece of fruit? Oranges have thick skin
I recently read Donald Trump’s book... Unfortunately, I didn’t get past Chapter 11.
President Trump stood at the podium in front of a hundred cameras. "Good morning. I want to tell you about the work our Customs and Border Patrol people are doing on the southern border. I'm being told that we have more people crossing the border illegally now than ever before in our nation's history -- maybe in the history of the world. Yesterday, our people captured 13 Brazilian people crossing illegally near El Paso. I'm not sure how many a Brazilian is, but it seems like a lot!"
Did you hear Monica Lewinsky is becoming a Republican? The democrats left a bad taste in her mouth.
Trump proud of his new "smart" bombs. Guess who did it first? Samsung.
A woman frantically calls 9-1-1 and says, "There's a Democrat jerking off on my lawn!" The dispatcher says, "OK ma'am, I've got a squad car on the way ... but tell me, how do you know he's a Democrat?"    She says, "Well if he was a Republican, wouldn't he be fucking someone?"    *(rearrange political parties to your own preference)*
People often say that I'm a racist for voting Trump So voting for an orangutan is racist but voting for a chimpanzee is ok?
Did you know Donald Trump is banning pre-shredded cheese? TO MAKE MERICA GRATE AGAIN
What did Trump say after he finished up with Stormy Daniels? Emission accomplished.
What's Trump's least favorite SUV? A 4Runner!
Stalin was reading his report to the Party Congress Suddenly someone sneezes.   “Who sneezed?”  Silence.  “First row! On your feet! Shoot them!”  They are shot, and he asks again “Who sneezed?”  No answer.  “Second row! On your feet! Shoot them!”  They are shot too.  “Well, who sneezed?”  At last, a sobbing cry resounds in the Congress Hall, “It was me! Me!”  Stalin says, “Bless you, comrade.”
What's dumber than a billionaire Trump supporter? A non-billionaire Trump supporter
How many Republicans does it take to change a lightbulb? They don't have to. Darkness is a pre-existing condition.
Trumps election win is like his erection He keeps on telling us that it was large, magnificent, and very hard. But we all know it was small, pathetic, and needed a little assistance to happen.
How many Trump supporters does it take to screw in a light bulb? None, they'd rather stay in the dark about things.
Trump, Jesus, and a Polak walk into a bar... They sit down at a table together, and the Polak offers to get everyone's drinks.  "I'll have a Diet Coke," says Trump.  "Water for me, thank you my son," say Jesus.  The Polak gets some vodka for himself, then decides to have some fun.    He spike's Trump's Diet Coke with some rum. Then he swaps his vodka for Jesus's water.  Trump tastes his drink and says, "This tastes terrible!" and he throws it on the floor.  Jesus sips his drink, and says, "This water is awful!"  So he blesses the glass and turns it into wine.  The Polak sips his drink, slams his hand down on the table, and stomps over to the bar. He throws the drink in the bartender's face and says, "Hey, what are you trying to pull here!  My vodka is watered down!" 
I hated it when, just because I disagreed with Obama's policies, liberals accused me of being racist. How would liberals like it if, just because they disagree with Trump's policies, I accused them of being prejudice against morons?
So Merkel, Trump and Putin meet at the coast of normandy ... Trump starts to tell them as soon as he arrives "we invented some new submarines, which can permanently stay under water for almost a month now". "Hah. We already invented submarines, that only have to cut surface once a year" Putin proudly replies. Both look at Merkel waiting for her to top them, but she just unconfortably tries to evade eye contact. Suddenly a pretty rusty, old submarine emerges from the sea and a man with a long grey beard appeares from an hatch shouting "Heil Hitler, we've run out of diesel"  I heared this joke many years ago and since I didn't find it on reddit yet, I thought I'd share it.
Why did Wisconsin choose Donald Trump and not Hillary Clinton? They thought he was whey better
What does trump have in common with Abraham Lincoln? Nothing, yet...
How is Donald Trump going to shut down the Department of Education? By renaming it Trump University. 
How many Republicans does it take to change a light bulb? Three.  One to hire a Mexican to change the bulb. And the other 2 to deport him when he's finished.
When Donald Trump took office.... Little did he know.   [Stolen from British comedian Jimmy Carr: QI]
[NSFW] Melania Trump interviewed Melania Trump was being interviewed by a reporter.   "Aren't you bothered by your husband grabbing all those women's pussies?" he asked.  "Bothered by him grabbing *their* pussies?" she replied. "What about what he does to mine?"
What is the difference between a King Edward and Donald Trump? One is a potato and one is a cunt
How do you trigger a trump supporter? Tell them facts
Democrats are quick to say their side is right but Republicans are even quicker. You might even say they're Russian it.
While one a flight to Europe, a stewardess discreetly asked Trump if he wanted a blowjob. He replied: What’s in it for me?
Russian Joke (Obama and Merkel meet in private) Obama tells Merkel:"Listen, I have three buttons, red, green and yellow.  If I press the red button, there is no more China, if I press the yellow button, there is no more Russia, if I press the green button, Europe is gone".  Merkel says... "That may be, however, my grandmother had three toilets.  A gold one, a silver one, and a delft one.   However, when the Russians entered Berlin in 1945, she crapped herself in the hallway."   
What's the difference between a child's bouncy ball and Donald Trump One is a shapeless orange mass that changes direction all the time but is fun to watch until it hits you in the face... And the other is a bouncy ball.
Trump has really created jobs. He has created many... Lawyer jobs
George H.W. Bush made Jeb a pallbearer So he could let him down one last time
Trumpets and Guns In a small town, a man just opened a small store selling trumpets and guns. One day his neighbor pays him a visit and says, "So how is your strange business going?"  "What do you mean strange?"  "Because you sell only trumpets and guns!"  "So?"  "Well, let me put it this way, what do you sell the most, trumpets or guns?"  "It evens itself out. Each time a customer buys a trumpet, one of his neighbors buys a gun."
Trump is a huge fan of fruit What with 'Tim Apple' and 'the oranges' - not to mention that he's completely bananas.
What is Donald Trump’s least favorite sport Cross Country
What similarities do Donald Trump and Donald Duck have in common besides their name? They’re both quacks.
Trump snuffs it, and arrives at the Pearly Gates they issue him with a Redirect Notice, and he is sent to the not-so-pearly ones.   The Devil looks at his clipboard irritably.    “Look, I’ve got a problem. You’re due here about now, but I’m full. I’ll have to ID one of the temporary inmates, whose sentence is just about up, and give them an early release to make room for you. Follow me.” He leads Trump to a door marked Chamber 1.The door grinds open. There is an Olympic size pool. Thrashing around in the pool is Richard Nixon.   Nixon dives, tries to retrieve an underwater object, misses, comes up empty handed. He must do this for years and years before is sentence is served and he can go Up There.  “I can’t swim!” protests Trump.  With a grunt, The Devil leads DT to Chamber 2.    The door to Chamber 2 creaks open.  In Chamber 2 is a quarry. The sun beats down. And in the quarry is a lone figure, in the person of Jimmy Carter.     Carter is breaking rocks with a sledgehammer. Sweat pours off him as dust and grime adhere to his sweaty skin.  Trump shakes his head. “Not with my arthritis,” he says, motioning toward his shoulder. Shaking his head in disgust, the Devil leads Trump to Chamber 3.    The door to Chamber 3 swings open.   In Chamber 3 Trump sees a door on the right and another on the left. In the middle of the chamber Bill Clinton is handcuffed to a bed. The door on the right open. And who enters Chamber 3?  None other than…    Monica Lewinsky !!    Trump has to pinch himself to believe what happens next. Ms Lewinsky offers Clinton a sultry look.  Slips off her gown… and she is wearing nothing underneath.   She lowers herself onto Clinton…   And proceeds to do what Monica Lewinsky became (in-)famous for.   Trump shifts uncomfortably.   “Shouldn’t we leave ’em alone?” he asks. The Devil reminds Trump where they are.   The show goes on.  Clinton’s face takes on a blissful look.  Ms Lewinsky’s head jerks back suddenly. With a grimace of utter disgust on her countenance she swallows hard. Wipes her mouth with her forearm, stands up puts her gown back on blows Clinton a kiss and a wink and exits through the door on the left.    “That’s it?” asks Trump “Stay put,” grunts the Devil. From behind the chamber there is the sound of a shower running, then someone brushing their teeth and gargling.   A minute later the door on the right opens again there stands a freshly showered Monica Lewinsky.    She once again drops her gown…and the process repeats.   Lewinsky goes back to the shower, scrubs, gargles and reappears. She reappears at the door on the right, and the process repeats before she exits through the doorway on the left, and the process repeats.     It repeats again and yet again.    And the process repeats, and repeats, and repeats.   “Well?” barks the Devil at Trump.   “Hey, Chamber 3,” answers Trump unhesitatingly.   “Are you sure?” demands the Devil.   “Never been surer,” beams Trump.   In Admin, the Devil opens a drawer and produces a contract. He pricks Trump’s finger. “Sign here,” demands the Devil. Trump complies. “And here, here and here.”  Trump signs. The Devil stamps the documents, binds them and puts them into a folder, which he drops into a filing cabinet drawer.    “Follow me,” orders the Devil.   They return to Chamber Three.   Clinton lies on the bed, waiting in anticipation for the next performance.   “Miss Lewinsky!” barks the Devil.   His voice is drowned out by the noise of the shower.   “Miss L-E-W-I-N-S-K-Y-Y-Y!” roars the Devil   “Coming, coming!” comes a plaintive whine from the shower.   A minute later Monica Lewinsky enters the chamber through the door on the right. She is dressed in the gown, and is freshly showered and groomed. However she looks flustered at being rushed.   “What’s the big hurry all of a sudden?” she complains.   “You’re being released,” says the Devil; “your replacement has arrived.”
If Trump were to be prosecuted during his term, an impeachment would be *unpresidented.*
If I had a dollar for every time Hillary played the Woman Card ...I'd have $0.77 cents.
Donald trump isn't a wight supremacist... he IS an orange supremasist
What do you call Trump riding the presidential plane? Hair Force One
What did Donald Trump do in Musical theatre? ^^^(jazz-hands)
How is Donald Trump going to improve American produce? He is going to make American grapes again.
Donald Trump is about to be executed for treason. The executioner turns to him and says... "Oh, don't worry, Mr. President; it's a fake noose."
What did Donald Trump say when he was out of money and heavily indebted? "Russia, if you're listening..."
Trump, Lebron James, the Pope, a mother of 6, and a Tom Hanks are on a plane Trump, Lebron James, the Pope, a mother of 6, and Tom Hanks are on a plane when the cockpit is struck and the plane starts to go down.  As they search for parachutes they discover they are one short.  Before anyone can say anything Trump grabs a pack and jumps, giving everyone the finger.  The Pope says "madam, you have 6 children at home, take a pack and go", and she went.  He turns to Tom Hanks, "you bring joy and laughter in a good way to people, go and continue", and he went, crying.  Lastly he turns to Lebron and says, "so many young impressionable minds look up to you, take a pack and go, the Lord will guide me.  Lebron smiles and says "fuckin idiot trump grabbed my gym bag, lets go".  And the Pope replied, "Ive always liked your version best King James."
Why did Donald Trump refuse to come out of the bathroom? He heard you can't indict a shitting president.
Kidnapping Congress A driver was stuck in a traffic jam on the highway outside Washington DC. Nothing was moving.  Suddenly, a man knocks on the window. The driver rolls down the window and asks, "What's going on?"  "Terrorists have kidnapped the entire US Congress, and they're asking for 100 million dollar ransom. Otherwise, they are going to douse them all in gasoline and set them on fire.  "We're going from car to car, collecting donations"  The driver asks "How much is everyone giving?"  The man replies, "Roughly a gallon"
Trump is the worst president ever. Here's why And here's B, and here's X and Z.
Today Trump tweeted a weird defense of himself for saying "Tim Apple" last week How do you like Tim Apples?
Bill &amp; Hillary are on a trip back to Arkansas.. They're almost out of gas, so Bill pulls into a service station on the outskirts of town. The attendant runs out of the station to serve them when Hillary realizes it's an old boyfriend from high school.   She and the attendant chat as he gases up their car and cleans the windows. Then they all say good-bye.   As Bill pulls the car onto the road, he turns to Hillary and says: "Now aren't you glad you married me and not him? You could've been the wife of a grease monkey!"  To which Hillary replied: "No Bill. If I would have married him you'd be pumping gas, and he would be the President."
Donald Trump Pulls Out of Iran Deal. Man, these porn stars come up with weird names.
Why does Trump never use contraception? He prefers the pull-out method.
Donald Trump seems to be great at pulling out of deals. Shame his dad didn’t have such a strong pull out game. 
What's the difference between Hillary and Trump? One's a little mad, and the others a little man
What does Bill say to Hillary after sex? I'll be home in 20 minutes.
Trump's policies are the same as his sex Ed program.. Just pull out.
Trump realized that he forgot a word in his slogan and is recalling all merchandize. The correct slogan is "Make America Great Britain again".
Donald Trump has announced his new book. The Art of Ripping Up the Deal.
Trump should build his wall out of Fortnite... Nobody seems to be able to get over it.
I’m from a future where Trump won re-election and solved Global Warming Just a heads up though, nuclear winter is a bit chilly. 
What is a Trump supporter's favorite grammar tense? Past perfect. 
How many of Trump's cabinet members does it take to change a light bulb? I dunno,  none of them have lasted longer than a light bulb. 
How many minority, female Republican congresswomen does it take to change a light bulb? First of all, they'd have to elect one.
What do you call a group of forgetful congressmen? An oversight committee 
Why did Monica Lewinski vote for Trump? Because the last President Clinton left a bad taste in her mouth.
Bill Clinton ran a mile in nine and a half minutes. What happened next? Bush did 9:11. 
Some say Trump is mentally unfit after declaring a national emergency? However, it's all due to Hispanic attacks.
Did you hear? Being the greatest business man and genius that he is, Donald Trump will be fixing the most original flaw of this great nation. And it will finally be known as America: Land of the Fee! (Conditions may apply)
Why do so many Chinese people like Trump? Because he's going to make China great again.
Trump should not have said... "shit-hole countries". The correct term is "turd-world countries".
Pope and Trump The Pope and Trump are on the same stage in Yankee Stadium in front of a huge crowd. The Pope leans towards Trump and says:      “Do you know that with one little wave of my hand I can make every person in this crowd go wild with joy? This joy will not be a momentary display but will go deep into their hearts and they’ll forever speak of this day and rejoice!”      Trump replied “I seriously doubt that! With one little wave of your hand show me!”      So the Pope backhanded him and knocked him off the stage! AND THE CROWD ROARED &amp; CHEERED WILDLY and there was happiness throughout the land!     
Why did Trump go against the majority who supported the Paris Agreement? To prove he could support minorities. 
For Trump, politics and sex are the same thing. He would rather pull out than have protection in place.
Donald Trump and his two bodyguards are on a crashing airplane. There are only two parachutes. Trump declares "I am the President of the United States and also the smartest one. It's unbelievable." He grabs a parachute and jumps.  One of the bodyguards says "Hey, man, you have a wife and kids. Take the parachute."  The other replies "There are enough parachutes for both of us, Tim. Mr Trump took my knapsack."
What was Trump's advice to Karl Marx? Seize them by the means of reproduction.
Donald Trump was thrown out of an elite party! The event was described as unpresidented.   
A flight attendant sees a suspicious looking couple onboard so she reports it to the Captain immediately.    “Sir, I think we have a case of human trafficking!   There is a very pretty, graceful and rich looking female passenger onboard. She looks quite frightened and the man she is with is a fat, old, redhead slob who looks like a lecher, very sullen, mean and dangerous!” We must save the lady !!!   The Captain responds,   Patricia, I’ve told you before.. We have resigned from *United Airlines*. This is *Air Force One* Please learn to respect the American President.
A Mexican boy meets Donald Trump The Mexican boy says "One day, I'm going to be President of the United States!"       Donald Trump replied "Are you crazy?" "Are you retarded?" "Are you out of your mind?"       The Mexican boy pauses for a second and says "That's too many requirements for being President."
Trump hates online dating There's too many fake nudes
What's the difference between a cow and the Trump-Russia controversy? You can't milk a cow 24/7 for six months straight.
Looking for hot libertarian latinas in your area? Call Salma Hayek Hayek
What did the waiter say to Donlad Trump? Would you like a cup of Covfefe?
Donald Trump sure shares some attributes of the greatest medieval kings For instance, he's perfect in acting like an entitled inbred retard
Libertarians are like a bunch of monkey trying to figure out cold fusion! Typical Libertarian:  "Ohh I haven't figured out how any of this will really work in the real world, YET, but we should enact my positions anyway!"    They talk as if they are right on the cusp of solving these fundamental problems, yet they have spent millions of man hours on it, and still haven't gotten there, but just wait, they will figure it out!    Just go ahead and start building the nuclear power plant, and the moneys will figure out cold fusion by the time it's done.    
Donald Trump walks into a doctor's office with an enormous red boil on his head.  The doctor says, “My God, why didn’t you come sooner?”    “To be honest, I was ashamed to leave the house,” said the boil. 
Trump wants to visit UK in show of 'solidarity' Haven't we suffered enough already?
If Donald Trump and Mike Pence were on a stranded island, who would survive? The United States of America
I didn't get too worked up over Trumps decision on the climate accord... the whole thing was rather anti-climatic.
What do Rick Salomon and Donald Trump have in common? They've both pulled out of Paris. 
So Barack Obama and Donald Trump somehow ended up at the same barber shop... As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty. As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama ?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife Michelle doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
What is Donald trumps favorite boxer Cassius Clay 
Trump and Putin are comparing whose bodyguards are the bravest. Trump starts, *"Mine are tremendously brave. They're terrific... fantastic... absolutely courageous."*  He gestures to one of his guards, *"Show how brave you are by jumping out of the window."*  The guard obediently stands on the ledge. Before jumping, he tells Trump, *"Please Mr. President, think of my family."*  Trump is reduced to tears, *"You've proven your loyalty. Take the day off."*  It's Putin's turn. Without even the slightest gesture, his bodyguard knows what to do. He stands on the ledge and prepares to jump.  *"That's enough!"*, Trump shouts, *"Climb back down now!"*  The guard replies, *"Please Mr. President, think of my family."*
The plight of the Alabama congressman... A congressional aide asks a politician,   "What are we going to do about the new abortion bill?"  The politician replied, "Shhhhh -- just pay it."
What did Kyle Carpenter say to Obama while receiving the Medal of Honor? edit: Thanks for the gold kind stranger
Despite many negative reviews, Donald Trump is not a terrible president. He’s just subverting expectations to create compelling television.
What do you call a poor man's Donald Trump? ... Donald Trump.
Donald Trump as our president Thats it. Thats the joke.
Donald Trump unexpectedly enters an Oval office... Unfortunately there's no punchline.
A blind answer poll was made to dads everywhere, whether they liked Republicans or Democrats. The only answer they got back was "Yes."
Donald Trump, Vladimr Putin and Angela Merkel take a walk on the Beach. Seeing the great body of water, Mr Trump felt the need to reassure the two others of his countries militaristic superiority.  "Folks, I can tell you, our Navy Submarines, are so big and so good, would you believe it, they can stay dived from the moment they leave the Port, to the day they enter it again 6 Months later. You haven't ever seen such great Submarines in your entire life, folks."  Putin, not looking really impressed, answerers:  "That's great, Donald. But my new Nuclear Submarines can stay submerged for almost an entire year. They are able to drive around the whole world without refueling, restocking, surfacing. What do you think of that?"  The two turn to Angela Merkel, and ask, "How long can the German Submarines stay dived, Mrs Merkel?"  Before Mrs Merkel can answer, the water next to them starts bubbling, and a big grey hull emerges from the sea. As soon as it comes to rest, the hatch on the tower creeks open, and a man in black uniform steps out. He raises his hand, and shouts, "Heil Hitler, we need more Diesel."
Donald Trump visits Vladimir Putin in Russia and while there Putin takes him bear hunting... After a few hours in the woods Trump says, "Vlad this is great but where's the washroom.  I need to pee."  Putin chuckles at the American city boy and says, "There's no washroom here.  You just pee in the bushes."  He then walks over to some bushes and starts peeing. A bear that was hiding in the bushes, angered by being peed on roars and bites Putin's balls.  Putin calmly pokes the bear in the eyes and it runs away.  He then turns to Trump and says, "I'd like to see you try that."  Trump replies, "OK but don't poke me in the eyes."
Donald Trump visited the White House doctor... **Trump:** I got a problem doc, my penis has turned orange!!  **Dr Jackson:** Sounds bad.  I better take a look.  **Trump:**  (drops his shorts) Bad enough my hair turned orange but if this gets out I'm sunk with the ladies....whaddaya think, doc?.  **Dr Jackson:**  (takes a look) Yep, that's definitely a bright orange - although I might add - an excellent and awesomely healthy- uhh, penis.    **Trump:**  Yes, the very best, excellent in every way...but orange!  **Dr Jackson:**  Hmmm....any changes in your medications?  **Trump:**  Nope  **Dr Jackson:**  What about exercise?  **Trump:** Nope  **Dr Jackson:**  Getting enough sleep?  **Trump:**  Yep!  **Dr Jackson:**  Unusual stress?  **Trump:**  Just the usual Russia stuff  **Dr Jackson:**  Melania okay, you know, down there?  **Trump:**  Nowhere near it in years, doc  **Dr Jackson:**  Allergies?  **Trump:**  Nope  **Dr Jackson:**  Hmmm....any changes to your daily diet or nightly routine?  **Trump:**  No, the usual.  Just go upstairs and watch Fox, my Stormy pornos and snack on some delicious Cheetos.  
How do you know if Trump's cat is lying? Fake mews.
[OC] Kim Jong Un and Donald Trump met at Pebble Beach to discuss a peace treaty and play 18 holes of golf. Trump won 12 to 15.
Donald Trump is 72 years old and doesn’t need glasses.... Because he has 2020
What's the difference between a giant golden wall being built for free and T_D? One was a hilarious con and the other just got banned from reddit lolol
Which dinosaur are republicans most afraid of? Georgesoros
What did President Bill Clinton ask after he reached Martha's vineyard? Where is Martha?
The Republican Party should change its Mascot to a Hole Nest. Because that's where the swallow lies.
It's interesting how different a US president looks at the end of their presidency. Obama had gray hair. Bush had a bunch of wrinkles.. At the end of JFKs presidency, half of his head was missing.
One of the better Trump jokes I have heard Donald Trump and Barack Obama ended up at the same barber shop. As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty. As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife, Michelle, doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
What is Donald Trump's least favorite movie? The Day After Tomorrow.
Trump is so broke... How broke is he?  Nothing he says make any cents.
Trump is so broke... How broke is he?   Trump is so broke that his fact check bounced.
What if Trump was a kitchen tool? He'd make America grate again. 
I had the Donald Trump sandwich It was made with white bread, loads of bologna, Russian dressing and had a small pickle.
What makes Trump so good at magic? Slight of hand
What's President Trump's favorite operating system? Red Hat Linux
Donald Trump walks into a bar... and lowers it.
Trump is creating a band... He calls it "No Direction".
I don't get why people think Donald Trump is a white supremacist? Because he's clearly like, you know... orange
If I had a dollar for every time Trump says "Fake news!" I'd have enough money to open a Cable News Network to publish articles about Trump and perpetually keep earning more money.
I went to the library and asked for Trump's book about deporting illegal immigrants. She told me, "Get the F*ck out of my country and don't come back." Me: Yes that's the one.
There's a term for Presidents like Trump. Probably not two though.
What does Melania Trump and a paleontologist have in common? Both are experts in dating fossils.
How can the Democrats light a fire under Millennial voters? They can use Flint and Tinder
Bill Gates has agreed to pay for Trump’s wall. On the condition, he gets to install windows.
What does the Mexicans think of Trump's wall? Some love it, some hate it. Most think its borderline offensive.
People keep talking about the future of the US Supreme Court They're afraid it's going to be ruthless.
Hey girl, I hope you like Trump Because I wanna grab you by the pussy. 
A Libertarian, a Republican, and a Liberal walk into a bar... the bouncer asks for their IDs. The liberal says he identifies as a 21 year old so they should let him in, the republican hands the bouncer a bribe because the rules don’t apply to him. The libertarian asks “Do you have a warrant?”.
A man died and went to heaven... A man died and went to heaven. As he stood in front of St. Peter at the Pearly Gates he saw a huge wall of clocks behind him.   He asked, “what are those clocks?”   St. Peter answered, “Those are Lie-Clocks, everyone on Earth has a Lie-Clock. Every time you lie the hands on your clock will move.”   “Oh.” said the man, “Whose clock is that?”   “That’s Mother Teresa’s. The hands have never moved, indicating that she never told a lie.”  “Incredible!” said the man.   “That’s Abraham Lincoln’s clock. The hands have moved twice, tellings us that Abe told only two lies in his entire life.”   “Where’s Donald Trump's clock?”  “Trump's clock is in Jesus’ office. He’s using it as a ceiling fan."
Obama says he's the First Sitting American President to Come From Kenya in the end he's showing his true colors
What is the one thing Trump remembered from Putin's plan to destroy NATO? "America First"
Why are there so many typos in Trumps tweets? Because he’s Russian.
Reposts are like Donald Trump. [Politics] No matter how much you complain, it's never gonna change.
One day in the future, Donald Trump has a heart-attack and dies. He immediately goes to Hell, where the devil is waiting for him. "I don't know what to do here" says the devil. "You are on my list, but I have no room for you. You definitely have to stay here, so I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I've got three folks here who weren't quite as bad as you. I'll let one of them go, but you have to take their place. I'll even let YOU decide who leaves".  Donald thought that sounded pretty good, so the devil opened the door to the first room. In it was Richard Nixon and a large pool of water. Nixon kept diving in and surfacing, empty handed. Over, and over, and over he dived in and surfaced with nothing. Such was his fate in hell.  "No" Donald said. "I don't think so. I'm not a good swimmer and it would ruin my hair. I don't think I could do that all day long".  The devil led him to the door of the next room. In it was Ronald Reagan with a sledge-hammer and a room full of rocks, all he did was swing that hammer, time after time after time.  "No, this is no good; I've got this problem with my shoulder. I would be in constant agony if all I could do was break rocks all day, commented The Donald.  The devil opened a third door. Through it, Donald saw Bill Clinton, lying on the bed, his arms tied over his head, and his legs restrained in a spread-eagle pose. Bent over him was Monica Lewinsky, doing what she does best.  Donald looked at this in shocked disbelief, and finally said "Yeah man, I can handle this".  The devil smiled and said... "OK, Monica, you're free to go".
The Trump admin has the politest people Whenever they meet, they all say "'Pardon me."
Why can’t liberals follow traffic lights? Because they don’t see color.
I tried reading Trump's autobiography but it kept on going back to Chapter 11.
Why does Trump think his button is bigger? Because it looks that way next to his small hands!
What does Donald Trump and ISIS have in common? Both take credit for things they didn't do.
Of course Trump's button is bigger.... It's so his tiny hands can find it.
Kim Jong-un: I have a Nuclear button on my desk. Donald Trump: Bitch please. I have a bigger button Samsung: Hold my beer while I relaunch the Galaxy Note 7.
Stalin, Hitler, Kim, and Trump walk into a bar... Stalin orders vodka. Hitler orders Gin and tonic. Kim orders sake. And Trump orders water and a punch in the face.
What does Hillary Clinton and a zombie have in common? They both murder people without remorse, lack normal human brain functions, are decomposing at an accelerated rate, and are fucking evil.
What does Hillary Clinton do when she sees a sniper in Bosnia? Ducks on the ground
The Owl and The Cat by Donald Trump Wait wait wait, who grabbed the rest of the title?
What does Hillary and a rape victim have in common? They've both been f***** by a rapist
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Santa? Santa stops at 3 ho's.
Donald Trump is the lowest of the low. No one else has worked so hard to get Hillary elected.
Before his inauguration, George W. Bush was invited to take a tour of the White House. After drinking several glasses of water, he asked President Clinton if he could use the bathroom in the Oval Office. He was astonished to see that the president had a solid gold urinal installed. That night, George W. told his wife, Laura, about the urinal.  &amp;#x200B;  “Just think,” he said, “when I’m president, I’ll have my own personal gold urinal!”  &amp;#x200B;  Laura had lunch with Hillary Clinton on her tour of the White House and told her how impressed George had been with his discovery of the president’s private bathroom and gold urinal.  &amp;#x200B;  “Bill doesn’t have a gold urinal,” Hillary told Laura, “but that explains who peed in Bill’s saxophone.”
A White House construction bid. A drunk driver runs through the iron gates on Pennsylvania Ave and a White House official has been tasked with contracting the fix and getting a quote breakdown.  He calls a general contractor in Texas. "Yezzir, that'll be a $3k job. $2500 for me and $500 to my Mexican crew".  The official calls a contractor in Colorado. "yes sir, that will be a $10,000 job. I pay a fair wage to my union crew which takes up 60% of that budget".  The official makes one more call for a bid and the Chicago contactor answered loudly "whadda ya want?! Oh you! Yeah, that will be a $10M job to fix that fence" he declared with arrogance. "What do you mean? How can you justify that when the next lowest bid is ten grand?" Asked the official.   "Well, 5 mil for me... 5 mil for you; we'll stiff the labor cre...."   "**HIRED**" the official yelled before the Chicago contractor could finish his sentence.
So Donald Trump walks into a bar... and lowers it
Why are republicans pro-life? Can’t molest what isn’t born!
Harvey Weinstein, the CEO of Electronic Arts, and Donald Trump walk into a bar Then a man walks up to the sinkhole and asks “Where did the bar go?”
White House says FBI has “extreme bias” against Donald Trump Or as the FBI calls it: evidence
What is Donald Trump's favorite division of the CIA? SAD!
Trump wants to stop the sale of shredded cheese... He will make America grate again. 
Why will Santa skip the White House this year? He’s afraid of ICE.
I didn’t know which political party to join so I looked up Republican convictions. Turns out they’ve had 91 since 1970. 
What Donald Trump's least favorite dessert? Impeach Cobbler.
Manafort and Cohen flip on the President. Trump is convicted of treason. He is 'hung by the neck until dead.' Miraculously, minutes after his hanging, he walks out of the gallows and addresses the press: "Fake noose, folks."
Why did Donald Trump cross the road? Because the mind-controlling Russians told him to.   &amp;#x200B;  P.s, just thought of this in the shower, unsure if it's original or not 
What do you call a Soviet congress? Commie con
What did the trumpeter do when he was constipated? He rooted-it-oot.   (Works best to say it out loud)
After Trump signed into the Ritz-Carlton, what did the desk man say to him? Urine
I much prefer Kim Jong Un to Donald Trump One of them was a businessman for most of his life, while the other has been a politician for his whole Korea!
Donald Trump was returning to his Moscow hotel after diplomatic meetings with Russian president, Vladamir Putin. In the lobby, he asked a secret service agent, "Hey, what room am I in again?" He replied, "Sir..." "You're in 8."
Donald Trump is said to have lack of foreign policy experience to be president, but in fairness, he has spent time meeting with foreign leaders around the world. Ms. Sweden, Ms. Argentina...
Trump calls Putin before 2016 elections Trump calls Putin before elections and asks for help, worrying that he might lose. Putin's response: "Ok, I'll send my best specialist Churov, he'll do the job."  After elections are over, Putin calls Churov back to check the results. "As you know, Mr. Putin, America is not at all like Russia, so it was hard to rig the elections, especially with all the democrats and republicans messing around. But we still managed to pull it off, so congratulations are in order, sir, as you are now the 45th President elect of the United States!"
Donald Trump had a parcel of land with two buildings on it. One building he rented out to be used as a strip club, the other he rented out to be used as a porn shop. Trump was therefore the Lessor of two evils.
What's Trump's favorite gamemode in Minecraft? The Walls.
What kind of dogs will patrol the Trump wall? Border Collies!  I just came up with this after not sleeping for 30+ hours. Sorry for the cheesy goodness.
Every wonder why Republicans use two hands when they’re drinking out of a water bottle? It’s to prevent it from trickling down.
Trumps wall is fool-proof... Take china for example, they've had a wall for 2000 years and still no mexicans.
What’s the difference between Trump and Humpty Dumpty? Humpty Dumpty has a wall.
I told my date that I was going to bring her somewhere that served the same food as they do in the White House I'm not sure why she was angry when I pulled up to McDonalds
Donald Trump's international advisor recommends that he should research Mexican history and culture to fix their relationship as a nation. He reluctantly agrees. Many days pass and out of the blue, Trump releases a 70 percent tariff on all egg and egg products exports  to Mexico. Trump is approached by his International advisor  Advisor: "come on man, we're trying to fix your relationship with them! And now this? What brought this on?"  Trump: "Now you listen to me. They literally have a holiday called Cinco DE mayo. If that's what their doing with our mayo, why should I bother with egg exports!"
Why does Trump take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks.
Future Headline: Trump refuses to rise to take the oath at his trial. He heard you can’t arrest a sitting president.
Why do Magic: The Gathering players love Michelle Obama? She's a first edition Black Flotus
Obama was running with a secret service member... And he was trying to break the record on running 4 laps around the White House lawn.  When he finished the Secret Service agent said “We’ll done sir, your time is 9:22, one of the best times we’ve had.” Obama then replied, “One of the best? Not the best?” The agent replied “ No sir, Bush did 9:11”
What did Donald Trump tweet after hearing there was a rumor going around that he hung himself? FAKE NOOSE!
Trump is about to announce his decision on the Paris accord It's going to be anti-climatic
My friend asked if Trump was going to be impeached from today's testimony "Close but no cigar"
Whats the difference between Jim Bob Dugger and Donald Trump??? At least Trump knows how to pull out.
Trumps first few months in office have been pretty rough. His all-in-one printer broke down, so he's had to use some alternative fax.
Why Did Trump Send the Afghan Back? Because it was Muslin. (He ordered Cashmere.)
What does Trump and a dolls head of him in common? They are both fake.
Why are Trump-era Americans like flies? They put their kids in deep shit before they’re even born. 
Why won't the Golden State Warriors visit the White House? No one in the NBA supports a travel ban. 
What is Trump favourite video game? Mein Kraft
Senator John McCain is Pro-Mexican Deportation and Pro-Trump Wall. He hates the Mexicans because of what they did to him and his men at the Alamo.
Wanna know the real reason the Donald Trump won? [This post has been removed by The Republican Party] 
A Republican politician prays to God to stop climate change... Nearly all of the world's scientists present the politician with data about the causes and potentially disastrous effects of climate change.  Ignoring them, the politician prays, "Dear Lord, please help us with this climate change problem!"  Captains of industry present the politician with ingenious and economically empowering ideas on how to mitigate climate change.  Ignoring them, the politician prays, "Dear Lord, please help us with this climate change problem!"  Leaders of nearly all of the world's other countries mutually agree to take steps to slow climate change before it's too late.  Ignoring them, the politician prays, "Dear Lord, please help us with this climate change problem!"  A few short years later, the scientists' worst predictions come true. Millions are displaced; war, famine, and drought are everywhere. Desperate people riot in the streets of every country.  One of the riots' victims is the Republican politician. When he gets to the Pearly Gates, he says, "Lord, I prayed over and over for you to stop climate change. Where were you?"  The Lord answers, "I sent you countless scientists, entrepreneurs, and other politicians to guide you, but you ignored them all. Now, depart from me into eternal damnation."
Donald trump has dropped to second place in a national poll. On the bright side, he's still polling number 1 among Germans of the 1930s
What type of porn does Donald Trump don't like? Fake nudes.
Liberals think that Trump doesn't like the planet well then why's he trying to fuck it?
Trump and Obama in the men's room Donald Trump is out to dinner at a fancy restaurant in Washington DC one evening. He excuses himself from the table to visit the men's room.  In the men's room, he stands at the urinal  to take a piss.  In walks Barack Obama who stands at the next urinal, pulls out his massive dong, and begins to take a long leisurely piss.    Trumps looks over and sees Obama's enormous schlong and asks Obama how he got his member to be so large.  "Well, Donald," Obama says, "Every night before I go to bed I whack it on the bed post three times. That's how it got so big."  Trumps thanks Obama for the advice, finishes his business and goes back to his table.  Later that night, while Melania is fast asleep in the White House bedroom, Trump comes out of the bathroom in his golden pajamas (a gift from Vladimir) and decides to try Obama's advice.  So he takes out his puny little pecker and whacks it on the bedpost three times.  Whack! Whack! Whack!  Melania wakes up and says "Obama, honey? Is that you?"
A woman from Los Angeles who was a tree hugging, liberal Democrat and an anti-hunter... A woman from Los Angeles who was a tree hugging, liberal Democrat and an anti-hunter purchased a piece of timberland near Colville, WA . There was a large tree on one of the highest points in the tract. She wanted a good view of the natural splendor of her land so she started to climb the big tree.  As she neared the top she encountered a spotted owl that attacked her. In her haste to escape, the woman slid down the tree to the ground and got many splinters in her crotch.  In considerable pain, she hurried to a local ER to see a doctor. She told him she was an environmentalist, a Democrat, and an anti-hunter and how she came to get all the splinters. The doctor listened to her story with great patience and then told her to go wait in the examining room and he would see if he could help her.  She sat and waited three hours before the doctor re-appeared.The angry woman demanded, "What took you so long?"  He smiled and then told her, "Well, I had to get permits from the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, and the Bureau of Land Management before I could remove old-growth timber from a 'recreational area' so close to a Waste Treatment Facility.  And I'm sorry, but due to Obama-Care they turned you down.
Donald Trump finally revealed why he doesn't like to be called orange.. Reporter: Mr. President, why don't you like to be described as "orange"?  Trump: Because Impeach!
President Calvin Coolidge once invited friends from his home town to dine at the White House. Worried about their table manners the guests decided to do everything that Coolidge did. This strategy succeeded until coffee was served. The president poured his coffee into the saucer, the guests did the same. Coolidge added sugar and cream. His guests did, too. Then coolage went over and put his saucer on the floor for the cat.
Donald Trump is out hunting for moose in the woods with Mike Pence. As they look around, they suddenly spot another man in the clearing ahead.  Trump raises his rifle.  The man shouts "I'm not a moose!"  Trump fires and kills the man.  Stunned, Pence says to Trump, "Mr. President, he said, 'I'm not a moose.'"  "Oh!" says Trump. "I thought he said, 'I am a moose.'"
What does Donald Trump and a bottle of beer have in common? They're both empty from the neck up
If Trump learned that a catastrophic nuclear event was going to wipe out all life on earth in 24 hours he would get on TV and say... "Someday we're all going to die tomorrow."
The US Postal service released a new stamp with a picture of Donald Trump on it, however the new stamp isn't sticking to envelopes. The POTUS got an investigation underway. Investigation outcome: There's nothing wrong with the stamp. People are spitting on the wrong side.
A jazz band was scheduled to play at an army base. As their bus rolled up, the trumpeter played "Revelie" as a joke. He was buried with full military honors.
Trump walks into a cafe with a group while he's on the phone. The manager takes their order and everyone has a coffee except for Trump who says "I'm just here for the company."  He puts his phone away and says to the manager.  "I just bought your company."
You cannot compare Steve Jobs with Donald Trump. Apples vs. oranges. 
Trump has perfect historical precedent to support building his southern border wall... China built a wall and they have hardly any Mexicans there...
Trump's 4th of July 'Salute to America' has bankrupted Washington D.C's Emergency Planning and Security Fund, which is used to provide police and security support at Presidential events. This throws uncertainty on whether or not the President will be able to hold the annual Turkey Pardoning Ceremony this November, which is expected to feature a Presidential Pardon for Trump's close personal friend Jeffrey Epstein.
What's the difference between Barrack Obama and Donald Trump? Obama loves his twenty-one year old daughter while Trump loves twenty one year olds dressed up as his daughter.
Trump: “Sleeping with 28 year-olds is amazing.” Epstein: “Yeah, especially since there are 20 of them!”
Trump &amp; Clinton get lost in a forest. Who survives? America
What is Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable? Barackoli
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a bucket of shit? The Bucket
Who would win a knife fight between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton? Everyone!
Trump stakes to resume business with Kayne West as the spokesperson. There will even be a new dish, Kayne Asada.
Nobody has a problem when Russia spends millions of dollars on the Special Olympics. However, one retard gets to be president, and everyone loses their goddamned minds.
What is Donald Trump's favorite nation? Discrimination.
I used a very roundabout way to get to the White House the other day... I was told the alt route is the best way to get there these days.
Whats Donald Trumps least favourite game? Consequence free hangman. He doesn't like the fake noose.
Donald Trump approaches the wall prototypes. Donald Trump is approaching the wall prototypes when suddenly a secret service agent yells "Mickey Mouse!".  A man appears to have jumped across the boarder holding something suspicious.   The secret service agents tackle him and the situation is secure.   Someone then asks what the Mickey Mouse shouting was about.   The agent goes "I was startled, I meant to say Donald Duck!"
Barack Obama and Bill Clinton were touring sub-Saharan Africa on a world hunger mission They visit a village and are greeted by the sight of a giant hamburger, as huge as the size of the White House. As they curiously approached, a small door opens and a skinny emaciated man emerges and sprints past them.   At the next village they see a ginormous pizza, so big it could cover a football field. Again, a small door opens and a malnourished woman comes hurrying out.   They go to another village and this time there is an enormous apple pie, bigger than Mount Rushmore. And just as much a small door opens and a little child dashes past them.   "I've seen enough," said Obama. "I know why these people are starving."   "Why?" asked Clinton.   "Because," said Obama seriously, "they keep running out of supersized food."
A woman told me that I was using fake news to smear Trump. I told her I don't ever smear Trump anymore Ever since I installed my bidet.
Commiserations to Donald Trump Who's just seen his team knocked out of The World Cup.
Hillary Clinton is elected president, . . . and on the first night she spends in the White House, she is visited by the ghost of George Washington. She asks him, "George, what can I do to best serve the United States?"  The ghost of George Washington responds, "Never tell a lie."  She says, "Oh, I don't think I can do that."  The next night, she is visited by the ghost of Thomas Jefferson. She asks him, "Thomas, what can I do to best serve the United States?"  The ghost of Thomas Jefferson responds, "Listen to the people."  She says, "Oh, I don't think I can do that."  On the third night, she is visited by the ghost of Abraham Lincoln. She asks him, "Abraham, what can I do to best serve the United States?"  The ghost of Abraham Lincoln responds, "Go see a play."
Bill Clinton was America's first erected president.
I like my guns the same way Obama likes his voters... Undocumented.
Steve Jobs would have been a better president than Donald Trump... But i shouldn't compare apples and oranges. 
Trump marched into the white house When trump became president obama was waiting for him at the white house.  Ob:Trump! You have to run around the entire white house while I time you, we have a little leaderboard said obama.  Dt:Ok, im fast, the fastest. When i run you cant even see me trust me! Replied trump, incidentally what are the other presidents times?  Obama looked at his notebook, well I took 8:23 , clinton took 8:40, nixon took 10:10 and bush did 9:11.
Did you hear Monica Lewinsky is republican now? The democrats left a bad taste in her mouth.       (Shoutout to south park for this joke,  i had to share it)
What is Donald Trump’s favorite movie? Snow White.   Because she gets the animals to clean, rake, and do things.   [edit:typo]
Bill Clinton tried to cheer up Hillary this morning. He reminded her that Nelson Mandela wasn't elected President until after he had served 27 years in prison.
Why did Donald Trump tweet the word covfefe? He wanted to finally be able to say that he fat-fingered something. 
Barack Obama is sitting a table with two other presidents at the top of a tower The two other presidents are from Argentina and Sierra Leone.  Obama with a smug face grabs a $100 dollar bill from his wallet and then throws it out of the tower in a overbearing fashion and says:  In my country... we have a shit ton of these.  The president of Argentina then grabs a meat stake from the table and throws it out of the tower and with a grinning face he says:  In my country... we have a shit ton of these.  The president of Sierra Leona stands up, grabs Obama while laughing and throws HIM out of the tower and says:  In my country... we have a shit ton of these!
Trump tried to prove that he was not connected with Russia... ...but all his actions, sanctions, threats to Putin, aggressive statements against Russia ... were interpreted as tricky tricks to hide cooperation with the Russians. Then Trump resorts to extreme means - seizing on another blatant "proof" of the subversive activities of "Russian hackers", begins an atomic war. Here everything goes as if by notes: the exchange of hundreds of nuclear strikes, the Apocalypse, guaranteed mutual destruction ... - but as always, most of all goes to those who have nothing to do with -  and Trump with the approximate, and Putin with the approximate / unlike the whole Population of the Earth / can save themselves in bunkers. And after a while Trump and Putin ask the assistants to detect the signals from the survivors. Assistants report to Trump. - There is good and bad news. - Let's be good - There are still living people in Nevada, and they even communicate with each other at different radio frequencies. - And what about the bad? - They accuse you that you started a war to hide your cooperation with Russia. Putin is also told that there is good and bad news ...  / an open final (not so obvious as for Trump) / - The good news is that several Ukrainians survived in Patagonia -- Perfectly. And is it bad? - This is also bad news, because it is still not clear what to expect from Ukrainians  - Good news that you do not need to hold elections next year -- Right. And is it bad? - evidently elections will never be necessary again  /This is my first experience translating jokes from Russian into English/ 
Trump: The less immigrants we let in, the better. Pence: The fewer.  Trump: Shhh, don't call me that in public yet.
Donald Trump was asked if he knew any bible verses He replied, “Give a man a fish and he’ll eat for a day. Deport him and you don’t have to feed him again.”
Obama smoked weed growing up, and now look where he is today Unemployed with two kids and recently evicted
We all know Trump will just fire the next batch. In other words, Reince and repeat.
So Trump is working with Putin on cybersecurity... In other news, the principal at my school is working with the boys to install a surveillance system to insure privacy in the girls' locker room.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk into a bakery. As soon as they enter the bakery, Hillary steals three pastries and puts them in her pocket. She says to Donald, "See how clever I am? The owner didn't see anything and I don't even need to lie.”  The Donald says to Hillary, "That's the typical dishonesty you have displayed throughout your entire life, trickery and deceit. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result."  Trump goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick."   Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. Trump swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then Trump asks for a third pastry and eats that, too.  The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "What did you do with the pastries?"   Trump replies, "Look in Hillary's pocket"
A plane full of republicans had been captured by al queda They have posted a video online saying that unless the us government pays them ten million dollars, they will start returning them, one by one
It's really dumb that Trump banned the transgender from the military I mean, who is going to fight the decepticons?
What do you call Bernie Sanders supporters waiting in line? A breadline.
What do the Trump administration and Africa have in common? People keep drowning in Denial River.
I COMPLETELY disagree with Trump's military trans ban... I mean, wouldn't all those attack helicopters be useful??
Obama: Yes, we can. Trump: Mexican. 
Why does Donald Trump's book "Art of the Deal" weigh so much? It has four chapter elevens.
A protester yelled angrily in front of the White House: “Donald Trump is a retard!” He was immediately arrested by the secret service and put in prison for 25 years.  “5 years for defamation,” the court announced, “the other 20 years for leaking top-secret information.”
Obama goes to visit an African tribe to spread Western virtues He asks the chief to gather the entire tribe, and announces:  - I've come to bring you religion!  - Umbo!, Goes the tribe.  "I guess that means they're pleased", thinks Obama.  - I've come to bring you equality!  - Umbooo!  - I've come to bring you culture and ethics!  - Umbooooooo!  "That went well", he thought.  After the speech, it was time for dinner, and after dinner, it was time for the tribal ceremony of putting the bonfire out with pee. When it was time for Obama to pull down his pants, the tribe leader remarks:  - Such big, important Obama, such small his umbo.  (Yes, I know it's not Obama anymore, but I don't feel like Trump would be a missionary kind of guy.)
Communists should love President Trump... I mean, what other President has promoted the 2-hour work week like him? 
Trump tweets asking why noone told him he had toilet paper on his shoe... Someone said no, but we told the toilet paper he has a piece of shit in him...
I remember when I voted for Obama. I felt like I was at a check-cashing place.
Donald trump is at the Vatican looking at Sistine chapel Trump : this is the bestest painting I’ve ever seen   Docent : yes indeed Mr. President , it was painted by Michaelangelo ..   Trump : I know the fake news media makes me look like an idiot but I’m not foolish to believe that it was painted by a teenage mutant ninja turtle 
My grandfather always voted democrat... But now that he is dead, he can vote democrat twice.
Mr. Trump told his servant to water the plant outside the house The servant said, "But sir, it's raining outside"  Mr. Trump replied, "Can't you use the umbrella?"  
Where does Donald Trump keep his money? In a wall-et
How do we know Mike Pence isn't just using Donald Trump as a puppet to run the country? He doesn't believe in putting his hand up another man's ass
Why is the word "impeach" so popular with Donald Trump's presidency? Lack of a better term.
Trump only pulled out of the Paris Climate Agreement because he was standing up for his own kind After all, he is just a load of hot air
Trump never wears his "Make America Great Again" hat anymore I guess he changed his mind
Someone started circulating images of Trump's wife with her head photoshopped to a naked body. Trump was indignant, he said it was fake nudes.
Arnold Schwarzenegger has a long one, Donald Trump's is short, and Madonna doesn't have one. What is it? A last name
Why did the Clemson football team give President Trump a jersey? For camouflage.
How is Donald Trump like a pumpkin? He is orange on the outside, hollow on the inside, and should have been thrown out in early November.
I'm surprised Trump is on social media all the time I figured the Speaker of the House would be the Tweeter of the group.
What do you call a Republican now? Pro-Russian Separatist 
What does Donald Trump and an Atom have in common. They make up literally everything
Clinton's meet God Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton Al Gore all died in an accident go to heaven. After getting through the Pearly Gates they arrive at God's throne. God looks at Bill Clinton and asks who are you? Bill Clinton replies I'm Bill Clinton president of the United States of America. God says please sit to my right you can be my right-hand man. God then looks at Al Gore and asks who are you? Al Gore responds I'm the vice president of the United States of America. God says to Al please sit to my left you can be my left hand man. God then looks at Hillary Clinton and asks who are you? Hillary responds I'm Hillary Clinton and I think you in my seat!
Why does Donald Trump have bad hair? He fired his comb-y
What do you call a trombone that was born into the body of a trumpet? A ***TRANS***-^bone.
Every president has a secret service codename. The current president is “Mogul”. I looked it up.  Mogul: a member of the Muslim dynasty of Mongol origin  Nope, that can’t be it, unless he’s a total self-hater. Try alternate definition: Mogul: In downhill skiing, an ice-cold lump; an extremely dense obstacle to human progress, a destabilizing public safety hazard, jarring to anyone who experiences it first-hand; the resulting creation of millions of extremely white snowflakes.
Steve jobs would have been a better president than Donald Trump But it’s a silly comparison really, it’s like comparing Apples to Oranges.
Trump being President is a good thing. It teaches children that no matter who they are... No matter what they study... No matter what qualifications they have...  ANYone can be President.
Donald Trump is enacting tariffs on $200bn of Chinese goods, harming consumers like me. I'm tariffied.
What is Trump’s favorite music artist? AWOLNATION
A high ranking military official gives a report to Trump He says, "sir, I regret to announce that three Brazilian troops have just died in combat."  Trump was stunned. He gathered himself and replied, "my God, that's terrible news. How much is a brazillion?"
Why does Trump not wear glasses? Because he already sees 2020
While in North Korea they abducted Trump, and demanded the US give them a billion dollars or else . . . . they would give him back.
If you think about it, Trump is probably one of the smartest people in the world Even the President says so
What's the difference between Jon Snow and Donald Trump? Jon Snow fights against wight supremacy.
Everyone thought that Obama's Vice President was done with politics after 2016, but now he's considering running for president in 2020. I guess he was just Biden his time.
What is Donald Trumps favourite type of maths? Division.
Why do I love Republicans? (No homo)
Trump makes peace with the NFL... They’ve actually named this years superbowl in honor of his presidency....  Superbowl LIII
A cougar attacks two bikers in Washington, killing one, and Trump sends disapproving tweet He thought he cancelled meals on wheels already.
Why does Donald Trump need anxiety medication? To prevent hispanic attacks.
What do Donald Trump’s penis and midgets have in common? Very little.
What's orange on the outside, hollow on the inside, and should be thrown out in November? Trumpkin
What do daylight savings time and Melania Trump have in common? Pushing back the little hand. 
How do you get Trump to change a lightbulb? Tell him Obama put it in
Why can’t Trump be impeached? Because he’s an orange.
I'm trying to make a Bernie Sanders joke... But I'm still waiting for the government to send me my punchline.
Donald Trump and Barack Obama somehow ended up at the same barber shop As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty. As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife, Michelle, doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
I bet Trump thinks Greenland is like twice the size of Africa Which is weird because you'd think he'd know a thing or two about projection by now
What’s the difference between trump and an illegal immigrant? The immigrant starts with nothing, works their ass off and pays taxes.
There is a reason Donald Trump thinks he is the Second Coming. Every time he says something he hears "Jesus Christ..."
When I visited the White House the other day I was inspired to run for the office of President. Unfortunately, Secret Service tackled me before I got there.
Donald Trump failed to buy Greenland. Pakistan has asked him to make an offer for Kashmir.
Will Trump win the 2020 presidential election? Not sure, I don't have 2020 vision...
What's President Trump's favorite store to shop at? Wall-mart
Trump did the country a huge favour He showed us all what can happen if you don’t vote.
What does the Trump administration use instead of emails? Alternative fax.
Trump visits London and buys a souvenir. The cashier says, "That will be 10 pence."  He responds with, "But I only have 1..."
Why does Donald Trump suck at Magic the Gathering? He couldn’t find his green land.
What’s the difference between trump and a computer? You can feed information into a computer.
Why is Trump like bad cell service? He never works when you need him to, he tracks your location anyway and when he finally shows up there’s just one lousy Barr
How does Nancy Pelosi (5'5'') manage to stand up to Donald Trump (6'3'')? It's called the art of the heel
Donald Trump's wall is a metaphor for his penis No one wants to see it and he can't get it up
Why is President Trump so sad? Because his adult sons have the combined IQ of an alpaca.  (Not my joke, heard it on Kimmel, just had to share with everyone else).
535 Congresspeople walk into a Barr... ...or is it the other way around?
Why couldn’t they circumcise Trump? -  -  -  -  ‘Cause there’s no end to that prick
Why did Donald Trump take Xanax For Hispanic attacks
Why did Trump have to falsify his medical records? Because of two bad hombros
Two zombies are eating Donald Trump The first one cracks open the skull, turns to the other and says:  "Well ain't this some bullshit"
What's the difference between Thanos and Trump? Thanos actually managed to get 50%
Trump in a bar A Trump Supporter walks up to Trump and says "Want me to get you something?" Trump says "Could you bORDER me a drink?"
Bill and Hillary are now married for 40 years Bill and Hillary are now married for 40 years. When they first got married, Bill said, “I am putting a box under the bed. You must promise never to look in it.”  In all their 40 years of marriage, Hillary never looked. However, on the afternoon of their 40th anniversary, curiosity got the best of her, and she lifted the lid and peeked inside. In the box were three empty beer cans and $1,874.25 in cash. She closed the box and put it back under the bed.  Now that she knew what was in the box, she was doubly curious as to why. That evening they were out for a special dinner. After dinner Hillary could no longer contain her curiosity and she confessed saying, “I am so sorry. For all these years I kept my promise and never looked into the box under our bed.  “However, today the temptation was too much, and I gave in. But now I need to know why do you keep the empty cans in the box?”  Bill thought for a while and said, “I guess after all these years you deserve to know the truth. Whenever I was unfaithful to you I put an empty beer can in the box under the bed to remind myself not to do it again.”  Hillary was shocked, but said, “I am very disappointed and saddened, but I guess after all those years away from home on the road, temptation does happen and I guess that three times is not that bad considering the years.”  They hugged and made their peace. A little while later Hillary asked Bill, “Why do you have all that money in the box?”  Bill answered, “Whenever the box filled with empties, I cashed them in.” 
Trump is taking a walk along the potomac Suddenly, he trips and falls in. His secret service agents can't get him out, but 3 teenagers playing on the opposite bank save him.   Elated, Trump tells them he'll get them anything they want.   The first one says he wants a brand new house, and Trump calls his banks and sets aside money to buy this kid a house.   The second says he wants a Bentley, so Trump calls a car dealership and buys one, and has it delivered.   The third says he wants a wheelchair.   "Why?" asks Trump. "You look like you can walk fine."  "Yeah," replies the kid, "but wait until my dad hears about this on the news."
How did Donald Trump win the U.S. election? Fake lose
Dear Donald Trump, The book 1984 is not an instruction manual
I really hope Trump falls in some wet cement. That'll set a bad president
Why was Donald Trump recently seen visiting a strip club? An aid told him they were turning away miners... 
I clicked on a link for a naked Trump leak. Turned out it was just fake nudes.
Why is Eric Trumps favorite song Despacito? Because he thinks it means "Little Despot"
Trump always wanted to be screwed by one of his kids He just didn't expect it to be this one
What did Donald Trump say after his attempt to hang himself failed? "Fake Noose!"
How was Clinton able to maintain a budget surplus during his presidency? He had a great Al Gore rhythm.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and the pizza guy? The pizza guy delivers.
Why is it called r/MarchAgaintsTrump It's almost August.
Why is the democratic process so efficient in Asian countries? They are afraid of letting their erection last more than four hours.
What is Donald Trump's favorite taco salad topping? Hummus. He loves chickpea on everything.
What’s trumps favorite music artist? AWOLNATION
Why do Trump and Epstein like to party with thirty seven year old girls rather than twenty seven year old girls? because there is thirty of them instead of twenty
I just uncovered irrefutable proof that Hillary Clinton knew about the 30,000 emails she deleted as well as what really happened in Benghazi. I'm sharing it because the American people deserve to know the tr
A Republican walks into a college bookstore and asks the proprietor, "I'm looking for Trump's new book on illegal immigration?" The owner says "GET THE FUCK OUT!"  The Republican responds "Yeah! That's the one!"
Stormy Daniels was arrested for breaking an Ohio law that prohibits "anyone who isn’t a family member from touching a nude dancer." I for one, am glad that we still live in a country where a son can still touch his mother while she dance for him.
Donald Trump will be playing a round at his golf course in Scotland tomorrow, banging his old club and balls around 18 tight holes... pretty much like when he visits a teenage beauty pageant.
How childish are Trump's tweets? Let's just say Roy Moore would date them. 
What's the Republican Party's favorite Halloween costume? A ghost! They like it so much they wear it year round.
At Donald Trump's press conference... Reporter: Mr. President! Mr. President! What do you think about Asia? Donald Trump: I think we should grab it by the va-China.
Donald Trump's Magic Trick Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton made a joint visit to a bakery while campaigning. While in the bakery, Hillary sneaks three pastries in her pocket, and whispers to Trump, “See how clever I am? The owner didn't see anything, and I didn't need to lie. That’s why I’m going to win the election.”   Trump says to Hillary, “That’s so typical of you: trickery, deceit and theft. Now I’m going to show you how to get the same results honestly.” Trump says to the bakery owner, “Give me three pastries and I’ll show you a magic trick.”   The baker gives Trump three pastries and he eats one after the other. The baker was wonder what the magic trick is and asked Trump, “So? Where did they go?”   Trump says, “Look in Hillary’s pocket.” 
Why are Donald Trumps horses bigger than everyone else's? Because they're measured in hands. 
Trump and the Pope decide to have a meeting. Trump planned a private meeting with the pope, out on a lake, to have a discussion. No one was told, but of course, it leaked out. While Trump and the pope were talking, the media was secretly hiding in the nearby woods.  So while they were meeting, a big gust of wind blows off the Pope's hat. It falls into the water, and the Pope is about to dive in. Trump says wait, let me get it. He gets out of the boat, walks across the water, and gets the hat.  The Pope says, "Oh my, that is so amazing! I cannot believe you just did that." Trump says, "I know I know, it happened right after I was elected. All of the sudden, I could walk on water. I don't understand why. Please don't tell anyone, I'm still not sure what to think of it yet."  The Pope and Trump continue with their meeting and part ways.  The next day, the newspaper headline says "TRUMP CAN'T SWIM!"
What does Donald Trump and a mathematician have in common? They both like to eliminate radicals.
What's the difference between a democratic system and a feudal system? In one your vote counts, in the other, your count votes.
We all remember Monica Lewinsky. She did a few favors for Bill Clinton, thus the came into the public's eye... ...Unlike Bill Clinton who came into Monica's!
How much is Donald Trump's life insurance? Just one pence.  
Which app does republicans use for hook ups? Kinder
To prove that she is a commoner Hillary Clinton used to do knitting as a first lady in the White House! Oops wrong thread.
In a debate between Hillary and Trump, who loses? America
BREAKING NEWS: They just found Hillary's emails. 30 thousand 'penis enlargement' offers.
If Donald Trump was President in 1982... ET wouldn't be phoning home. He'd be leaving the country in handcuffs!
What is Donald Trump's favorite music album? The Wall
What does Trump call his immigration plan? Order 66.
Hillary Clinton is so healthy! She can delete her entire email inbox in an hour.
What did Trump say after visiting Putin? I went all the way to Russia and all I got was this lousy pee-squirt.
Why did Trump put tariffs on Canadian goods? To prove that he has no ties to Poutine. 
Trump: What’s your favorite song? Kim: Radioactive
What is Donald Trump’s favorite game? Deportnite
What did Michael Cohen say when he bumped into trump at Mar a Lago last week? Pardon me Mr. President. 
Donald Trump and Barack Obama ended up at the same barber shop. As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken.  As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife, Michelle, doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like." 
What's the difference between a white supremacist and Donald Trump? Donald Trump is orange.
Do you know why Trump loves deep-diving?... Because deep down, he isn't that stupid!
It makes sense why trump fired comey Because trumps a capitalist 
Trump and Obama having a private conversation in 2012 Trump: Mr. Obama, out of sheer curiosity, what must I need to do in order to be elected President of the United States?  Obama: President?? You have to be stupid, ignorant, probably delusional to think you can be qualified to be the President of the United States!  Trump: Perfect, I will see you on your way out then.  Obama: What??? 
News: Trump would be “honoured” to meet North Korean dictator.  “He’s my kind of guy — crazy, overweight and has a ridiculous haircut.” Said North Korea’s dictator.
What do Trump and JFK have in common? No brain.
How do you keep Donald Trump busy? Take him into a round room and tell him to go sit in the corner.
There were lines to meet any politician you want to. I wanted to assault my congressman but I couldn't find him. Whenever I asked anyone what line this is for they said This is the punch line
You can tell Donald Trump is a real estate developer Because he constantly digs himself into giant holes 
What's the difference between Trump and the Hindenburg? One is a flaming bag full of gas and the other, is a blimp.
Why is everybody questioning Trump’s integrity? He is not taking the salary usually given by the United States to be the President. He honestly feels he should not be paid by more than one government.
What do you get when you mix Donald Trump with a Native American? Tard and Feathered.
Trump was having a conversation with another president Trump: I did not expect this job to be this stressfull and difficult. I sure enjoyed my life more before I was elected. Did you have similar feelings?  Other president: I couldn't agree more.
What does every republican say about Trump's investigation? ... Stop Russain to conclusions.
Trump in Therapy Trump was visiting his therapist when, out of the blue, he started groping her. Astounded, she exclaimed "Sir! You're in therapy!" Trump stopped, paused, and proceeded to say "Urine Therapy? I haven't had that since Russia but if you think it'll help!"
Donald Trump is Writing a New Book The Art of the Plea Deal
Donald Trump on tragedy Donald Trump was visiting a primary school in Orlando and visited a grade four class. They were in the middle of a discussion related to words and their meanings.  The teacher asked Mr.Trump if he would like to lead the discussion on the word 'tragedy.' So our illustrious POTUS asked the class for an example of a 'tragedy'.  One little boy stood up and offered: "If my best friend, who lives on a farm, is playing in the field and a tractor runs him over and kills him, that would be a tragedy."  "No," said Trump, "that would be an accident." A little girl raised her hand: "If a school bus carrying 50 children drove off a cliff, killing everyone, that would be a tragedy."  "I'm afraid not," explained Trump. "That's what we would call great loss." The room went silent. No other child volunteered. Trump searched the room.  "Isn't there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy?" Finally at the back of the room, Little Johnny raised his hand. The teacher held her breath. In a quiet voice he said: "If the plane carrying you was struck by a 'friendly fire' missile and blown to smithereens that would be a tragedy."  "Fantastic!" exclaimed Trump, "That's right. And can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?" "Well," says Johnny, "It has to be a tragedy, because it sure as hell wouldn't be a great loss... and you can bet your sweet ass it wouldn't be an accident either!"  The teacher left the room.
A plane carrying Donald Trump, Kim Jong Un, and Bashar Asaad crashes in the desert. Let's go get ice cream.
Why hasn't Trump deported all the Muslims yet? Cause he can't get them through airport security.
Why is Hillary just an "f"? Because she deleted the "emale"
I heard Trump had a daughter named "Peach" . It fills my heart with joy everytime she introduces herself:         "Hi, Im Peach Trump."
President Trump Calls His First Trip Abroad a 'Home Run' Now he can jump on his golf cart and run all the bases
What did Trump say to the Russian Hooker? Yer an eight.
Who edited Trump's secret tapes of him and Comey? Sean Splicer
Trump should definitely be concerned about the Russia probe I heard that they could end up trying him as an adult.
Trump fired Jeff Sessions The only confederate Monument he is actually willing to take down. 
What is Trump's favorite pasta? Putin-esca
What would a Republican daycare look like? Each child and baby would be in a fantastic cage. The best cages. A lot of people tell me these cages would be the best cages by far.
Donald trump walks into a bar... And lowers it.
The president walks into a bar..... And replaces it with a wall.
My right-wing sister accused me of getting indoctrinated by my college professors for my left-wing ideologies. I tell her "You're just jealous because I actually *finished* college."
It's a good thing that President Trump uses Twitter It limits what he can say.
What's Trump's favorite Yu-Gi-Oh card? Blue eyes white supremacist
What's the difference between Trump becoming president and a soldier dying in combat? The soldier knew what he signed up for.
How is Donald Trump going to shut down the Department of Education? By renaming it Trump University.
Why does Donald Trump like Harry Potter? They both want to be Grand Wizards when they grow up.
Did you hear Melania Trump is asking for a divorce? She caught Donald screwing America on the side
What do pumpkins and Donald Trump have in common? They’re both orange and need to be thrown out in early November. 
Trump is breathing a sigh of relief today... He just aced his performance review. 
TIL there's a show all about the stupid stuff Donald Trump has done, or is going to do It's called "The News"
Donald Trump is introducing a 30% tax on shredded cheese. It's part of his plan to Make America Grate Again.
What does Trump wear to the beach? Scandals
What the difference between donald trump and satan? Satan only takes the first born child, donald trump takes all your children.
What is the difference between Donald Trump and the LZ 129 Hindenburg? One is an exploding Nazi gas bag.   The other is a rigid airship.
Eric Trump was visiting the White House. He stares out the window and sees a maple tree. He turns to his dad and says, “Look, Daddy, a bush!!” Donald Trump: It’s not a bush. It is tree, son.
If Trump is an agent of Russia, then his code name should be... Agent Orange
Does Reddit knows what is the secret plan between Trump, Putin and Kim-Jong? Do you know? Do you know? Do you??  This is a grate news for you my friend! Just upvote this if you know the plan, we will reach you right after for a special rich prize made for you! Made for you! Made for you! Change your life by telling the truth! We can track your upvote and physically be at your step door right after, change your life! 
How many trump voters does it take to screw in a light bulb ?         No one knows as they prefer to stay in the dark 
Why does Trump always move so slowly? He doesn't want anyone to think he's rushin'
What is Donald Trump's favorite dessert? Vladimir Pudding ;)
Where does Trump get his coffee? Trader Joe's
What do Obama and Trump have in common? They show anybody can be president.
Why did Trump visit Helsinki, Finland? He had development discussion with his boss.
I would love to see Trump in office for a second term. Sorry. That word should be wouldn’t. Not would. The sentence should have read “I wouldn’t love to see Trump in office for a second term.” 
Donald is walking out of the White House and heads towards his limo... Donald is walking out of the White House and heads towards his limo when a possible assassin steps forward and aims a gun.  Donald turns and hears a secret service agent, who is new on the job, yell out “Donald, Duck!” Not knowing if it was a code or command, Donald starts to flail his arms wildly, causing the assassin to miss his shots.   As the assassin tries to reload, Donald looks and hears the words from the agent again, “Donald, Duck!”   As the assassin begins to fire his gun again, Donald decides to bob and weave, causing the assassin to miss a second time. At this point, the agent moved quickly towards Donald’s side.   As Donald feels the agent’s hands around his arms, Donald hears the agent yell, “You magnificent, handsome, smart young man. Do you hear me? Donald! Duck!”  Donald finally ducks down resulting in the new agent bursting into tears. This causes the assassin to hit the new agent instead of Donald. As the agent dies, the assassin is then tackled by the other agents on the field.   When the all clear signal was given, Donald stands, looks at the dead agent, and cannot believe the sacrifice the new agent made in order to save his life. Donald takes his anger out on all the other agents and yells, “Out of all the agents here, this brave man is the only one to have the courage to yell, ‘Donald Duck!’ You all should be ashamed!”  Everyone stare at Donald and quickly turn towards the senior supervising agent in charge. The supervisor gives a big sigh and explains, “As always, Mr. President, you did things without actually thinking and only heard what you wanted to hear. You heard, ‘Donald Duck’ but the agent actually yelled, ‘Do not Duck!’"
[politics] How many republicans does it take to change a light bulb? Republicans don't change light bulbs. They hide the ladders, sell the bulbs, blame Democrats for the dark, and send thoughts and prayers to anyone who trips.
Trump is 72 years old and doesn't wear glasses. I think this is because he's got 2020.
Back in 1998, President and Mrs. Clinton went to opening day of Baseball season Suddenly, just at the start of the game, Bill threw Hillary onto the field.  "No, no!" exclaimed the chief of staff, "You were supposed to throw out the first PITCH!"
Someone threw a beer at Trump during the Indianapolis NRA convention. He’s fine.  It was a draft so he easily dodged it.
What do you call Trump's wall? De Fence strategy.
President Trump‘s personal library burned down Both of his books have turned into ashes. He couldn’t even finish colouring the second one.
What's the difference between a horse trainer and Donald Trump? One of them is a stable genius.
What is the difference between Trump and an onion? Noone cries when you cut Trump in small pieces
One Day, Obama, Rob Ford, Kim Jong-Un, and Putin Were Sitting Around a Table, Playing Poker.  This was their last round, and the buy-in was ten million dollars. They  had each won a hand, and this one was to determine who was the best  poker player in the world. It was Obama's turn to deal. He dealt out  five cards to the other players, then took a look at his own hand: the  one of hearts, the three of clubs and the three of spades, the seven of  clubs, and the jack of diamonds.      "So, anybody need to draw?" He asked, knowing that Putin would say no.       Rob Ford looked around the table, then said "Gimme three." Obama deals  him the cards, and Rob Ford glances at them as he discards. He has a carefully cultivated poker face, but Obama has noticed that he doesn't  always keep it up- so this must mean Rob Ford's draw wasn't that good.      "I'll take one," Kim Jong-Un says. Obama slides him the card, and Kim  Jong-Un barely glances at it. It was hard for Obama to tell if he had a good poker face or if that was just how he looked, so he just assumed that Kim Jong-Un would try to apply some pressure during the bids.      "I'll be keeping my hand," Obama says. They all look to Putin, and he clears his throat as if he's about to speak. He doesn't, and instead looks down at his solid platinum Rolex. Obama waits a few more seconds, then speaks up. "Okay then. Rob, you'll start the-"      "I'll take five," Putin interrupts. They all look to him, surprised-  this is the first time in any of the rounds he's taken any cards.       Rob Ford loosens his collar, and pushes forward about four fifths of his chips. "Eight million," he says neutrally, keeping his poker face and  lifting his chin up slightly.       Putin is next, and pushes his whole pile of chips forwards. "All in." He  glances over at Rob Ford and smirks for a split-second, then looks back down at his watch. Kim Jong-Un pushes all his chips forwards too, his expression not having changed one bit. Obama shrugs and goes all in, wearing his "determined yet hopeful" expression.      "Alright, Rob. Your go."      Rob Ford lays his cards on the table, but face down. "One more. I'll  throw in all the leftover crack stashed in my basement." The other players looked at him oddly. "I'm still clean. I just kept it there as a reminder of what I'd gone through, and what could happen if I give in again. Aside from its street value, it would also hold a lot of moral  value," He adds.      Putin shrugs. "Then I shall add to my bet a day's production from my private vodka factory." Obama makes that kind of "meh/why not" face, and turns to Kim Jong-Un, who takes the betting in a direction no one expected.      "I shall add five months of the monetary sum of my glorious country's gross domestic product." Even Putin raises his eyebrow at that. Obama sees a shine starting to form on Rob Ford's brow, and then clears his throat.      "I'll see your five months, and match it."      "Not any more?" Kim Jong-Un asks.      "My country's five months of G.D.P. is a little bit more than yours," Obama casually comments.      They all turn back to Rob Ford, who is now wearing his poker face. "I don't have a country, but I'll bet an entire year's worth of Toronto's G.D.P." He says calmly. "And on top of that..." Rob Ford reaches for the  cards he discarded, and flips them over: they're the ace of diamonds, two of hearts, and queen of clubs.      Putin nods, and puts his cards face down on the table. "If that is how  we are going to bet, then I offer the entire city of St. Petersburg."      "Do you mean the G.D.P., or the winner actually gets to own the whole thing?" Obama asks.      "G.D.P. AND legal ownership of the city." Putin then takes his first hand that he traded in, and flips it over- it's a royal flush, spades.      There's a moment of silence, and then Kim Jong-Un says, "I shall not be intimidated by you. I see your bet of St. Petersburg, and raise you my entire country and a decade's worth of its G.D.P." Obama sighs and massages his temples, and he hears Rob Ford quietly swear next to him.      "Okay. You wanna play with the big dogs? I bet all of my country's territories and a year of our G.D.P."      Rob Ford is sweating now, and his jaw is trembling softly. "I'll throw in Toronto, and the codes to N.A.T.O.'s Canadian missile system."      "When the Heck did you get those?" Obama asks.      "Snowden." Obama angrily sighs, and looks up to Putin.      "I see your city and the launch codes, and raise you the area of Siberia and our western-most missile system launch codes-"      "I don't think so," Obama interrupts. "We all know Siberia's big but has little to no real economic capability."      "Very well then. You want to play with the big dogs, Barack? Then I shall also add everything West of the Volga river as well as the launch codes for our southern missile defense systems."      They all turned to Kim Jong-Un then, who without any hesitation whatsoever said, "I shall also bet Dennis Rodman." Putin started to chuckle quietly, and Obama closed his eyes and calmed down.      "He's one of my citizens. You'll have to bet something else, or fold."      Kim Jong-Un pulled out a cell phone from his jacket, and plays a video on it for Obama. It's several minutes long and very cinematic, featuring Dennis Rodman soulfully gazing into the distance from balconies all around North Korea. At the end Dennis Rodman looks into the camera and says, "I'm taking my talents to North Korea." The video then cuts to him in a large arena, signing something on a table. He holds it up for the crowd to see, and they cheer wildly as the camera zooms in and shows the paper to be a citizenship form. "Dennis Rodman is now a citizen of my  country, and therefore my property. I. Bet. Dennis. Rodman."      "Fine then, I bet Snowden, as well as Alaska and Hawaii," Obama says to Putin. "Rob?"      "I bet myself," He says bravely. A very tense silence settles over the table, while Putin takes a sip of his drink.      "I bet the entirety of my country, as well as Ukraine."      "You can't do that! You can't bet a country you don't own!" Rob Ford sputters.      Obama looks over to Rob Ford and says, "No, but you can bet Djibouti he'll try." 
Donald Trump built a house of cards out of his Magic the Gathering collection. It was a little house, but it had multiple floors, and was even sturdy enough for a sitting room on the second floor. Donald loved to go up there and draw in his coloring books. One day he thought something might be wrong with it, which frustrated him, since he had worked so hard on it. Angrily, he stomped around trying to  find any defects. He stomped so hard it collapsed on top of him, burying him forever! He had put so much faith in that mana fort, only to have it fold under cross examination, taking him down with it.
Why did the congressmen screw over the spider? Because she was a black widow.
The year is 2016. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are both travelling in the same plane. Plane comes crashing down. Who survives? America.
Obama is going to take all our guns. Oops, I meant Biden.
Why Gopal from India always votes for the Republican candidate? Because he is GOP pal!
Donald Trump, a redneck and a democrat sit round a table. A tray of 10 cookies is placed down in front of them all. Almost immediately, Donald Trump reaches out and grabs 9 cookies, dragging them towards him with both hands before turning to the redneck.     "Better watch out," says Trump, nodding towards the democrat, "that cunt's got his eye on your cookie."
Donald trump and his wife were at an interview Wife: my husband is very smart, he managed to teach our parrot 200 words  Interviewer: but the creature doesn't understand what the words mean, it just repeats them, so it doesn't count.  Wife: yeah, but the parrot doesn't know what they mean either.
Congress is shutting the government down But have they tried turning it back on? 
What type of exercise did President Trump do to stay in shape when he was younger? Draft dodging.  
Trump will release his own autobiography to battle "Fire and Fury" It'll be called "My Struggles."
Donald Trump is definitely an Eagles fan... ... cause he sure isn't a Patriot
Trump - "I am the least racist person"... After...  Presidential Advisor - "Sir, we talked about this, Racist does not mean 'you don't race'". 
Trump has the best genes of the world. His genes are so great, they have an extra chromosome. 
A republican and a democrat go to the comfort room A republican and a democrat go into a comfort room to take a piss. After they're done, the democrat washes their hands while the republican begins to walk away. Disgusted, the democrat says "you know, we were taught to wash our hands after taking a piss." To which the republican replies, "well, we were taught not to piss on our hands."
Why can’t Trump serve more than one term? Because Oranges only last about 3 weeks from when they’re picked. 
The president is walking out of the White House and toward his limo... When a possible assassin steps forward and aims a gun. A secret service agent, new on the job, shouts “Mickey Mouse!” This startles the assassin and he is captured.  Later the the secret service agent’s supervisor takes him aside and asks, “ What in the heck made you shout ‘Mickey Mouse’?”  Blushing, the agent replies, “I got nervous, I actually meant to shout........ “Donald, duck!”
Libtard is a funny word in its origin, being its used predominately by Republicans Republicans create it to make fun of Liberals by replacing the first two letters in Retard and putting the first 3 letters of Liberal in place of them...  But! If you take the first two letters from Retard and replace it with the first two letters of Republican..  You get Donald Trump. 
A plane is on its way to Washington DC when a Democrat Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez who is seated in Economy Class gets up and moves to the First Class section A plane is on its way to Washington DC when a Democrat Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez who is seated in Economy Class gets up and moves to the First Class section   and sits down. The flight attendant watches her do this and asks to see her ticket. She then tells the future congresswoman that she paid for Economy Class and that she will have to sit in the back. Cortez replies  “I’m a Democrat  I’m beautiful  I’m socialist  I’m going to DC and I’m staying right here.” The flight attendant goes into the cockpit and tells the pilot and the co-pilot that there is a Democrat bimbo sitting in First Class  she belongs in Economy and she won’t move back to her seat. The co-pilot goes back to Ocasio-Cortez and tries to explain that because she only paid for Economy she will have to leave and return to Economy. Ocasio-Cortez replies  “I’m a Democrat  I’m beautiful  I’m socialist  I’m going to DC and I’m staying right here.” The co-pilot returns to the cockpit and tells the pilot that he probably should have the police waiting when they land to arrest the future congresswoman who won’t listen to reason. The pilot says  “You say she is a Democrat Socialist? I’ll handle this  I’m married to a liberal. I speak socialist.” He goes back to the Democrat and whispers in her ear  and she says  “Oh  I’m sorry.” She then gets up and goes back to her seat in Economy. The flight attendant and co-pilot are amazed and ask him what he said to make her move without any fuss.”I told her  ‘First Class isn’t going to DC.’    
George Bush was sitting down at his desk during his morning briefing. His chief of staff advised him that 3 Brazilian people had died this morning in a helicopter crash.  George sat there sulking in his chair and began weeping (uncharacteristically) to himself.  “Sir, is everything alright?” stated his chief of staff, to which George replied, “How many is a Brazilian?”
What do Democrats do when they lose a game of CSGO? They blame the Russians.
Why is Donald Trump's youngest child named Barron? Because all of his illegitimate children had already used up all of the other names.
Donald Trump got into a car accident. At the time of the accident, police determined Trump was at fault. Trump, however, disagreed with this assessment and the case went to traffic court. When Trump was called to provide his testimony, he stood firm with his reasoning:  "NO COLLISION!"
No one knows more about shutdowns than Trump Just look at all of his failed businesses
I managed to slap Trump in the face, but didn't get away... ..they caught me orange handed. 
Trump wants me to turn in my essay But I ain't no snitch!
Trumpets and Guns In a small town, a man just opened a small store selling trumpets and guns.  One day his neighbor pays him a visit and says, "So how is your strange business going?"  "What do you mean strange?"  "Because you sell only trumpets and guns!"  "So?"  "Well, let me put it this way, what do you sell the most, trumpets or guns?"  "It evens itself out. Each time a customer buys a trumpet, one of his neighbors buys a gun."  
Trump and Obama - oldie but goldie It's time for Obama to step down. As a final duty Obama gives Trump the combination to the office safe and tells him, "There are three envelopes in there labelled "1", "2", and "3". If you end up in trouble, open envelope "1". He says his goodbyes and rides off into the sunset.  A couple of weeks go by with nothing amiss. And, then it happens. Trump completely screws up to the point that there is simply no graceful recovery. He remembers the safe, dials the combination, and prays that there is some type of sage advice or wisdom that will help him through this event. He rips open envelope "1".  It has a single sheet of paper with a single sentence written on it. "It is not too late to blame your predecessor."  So, he explains to Congress, "Something awful has happened. It seems that Obama may have left some cracks in the process and, I've stumbled right into one."  "Well, these things happen," they told him. "Learn from it and document it and make sure it doesn't happen again."  More months go by and Trump thinks he is making great things happen and then disaster strikes again.  He wastes no time in opening the safe and grabbing envelope "2".  Inside is a single sheet of paper and printed on it is one sentence. "It's still not too late to blame your predecessor."  He contacts his press secretary,  and plays the same card as before. "I've hit a roadblock. It's almost like Obama had set it as a trap for me. And, boy, did it work. Almost too well."  He got told by everybody the same thing he did last time. "Mistakes happen. Learn from it and let's make sure it doesn't happen again."  More months go by without a stumble or a hitch when all hell breaks loose. Trump doesn't even bother trying to fix it and just goes straight to the safe to be reassured. He opens envelope number "3".  Inside is a single sheet of paper with a single sentence. "Prepare three envelopes for the safe and number them "1", "2", and "3"."
What is President Obama's favorite genre of music? Barack 'n Roll.  Ba dum tss.
What does Trump produce the most of? Salt.
Why is Trump's network so secure? He has a massive fire wall.
Why will congress never impeach Trump? Republicans always insist on carrying a baby to full term.
What's going to bring Trump down? A TestiComey. 
What do female acquaintances of Donald Trump wear? Lawsuits
Donald Trump is the most ecologically correct president according to aliens He told them that his policy is 'Earth First'.
Trump: Send nudes Kim: You mean nukes? Trump: Sorry, I sent that to the wrong Kim
Why did Republicans vote for Trump in the primaries? Because they knew it wasn't his first time kicking black folks from white Houses!
Late night to the White House Hillary Clinton phoned the president's office shortly after midnight. "I need to talk to the president, it's an emergency!", exclaimed Hillary. After some cajoling, the president's assistant agreed to wake him up. "So, what is it that's so important that it can't wait until morning?" grumbled President Trump. " A Supreme Court Justice just died, and I want to take his place!" begged Hillary.  "Well, it's OK with me if it's OK with the mortuary!" replied President Trump. 
Donald Trump - "I'm not orange!" "Impeach."
Trump and Hillary in a spelling bee.... Host: "Ms. Clinton, your word is disestablishmentarianism."  Clinton: "D-I-S-E-S-T-A-B-L-I-S-H-M-E-N-T-A-R-I-A-N-I-S-M"  Host: "Correct! Mr. Trump, your word is President."  Trump: "G-O-L-F"
I got President Trump's autograph today. He signed my Deportation Notice.
There is a minority that Donald Trump loves. The 1%
Why is it impolite to say Donald Trump is a racist, con man and a cheat? Ettiquete dictates you say, "President Donald Trump is a racist, con man and a cheat."
I don't know why people say Donald Trump doesn't read books... He always gets to chapter 11.
Bush, Obama and Trump Job Interview “Bush, Obama and Trump go to a job interview with God…   God asks Bush: “What do you believe in?” Bush answers: “I believe in the free market, and the strong American nation!” “Very well”, says God. “Come sit to my right.”   Next, God asks Obama: “What do you believe in?” Obama answers: “I believe in the power of democracy, and equal rights for all.” “Good”, says God. “You shall sit to my left.”   Finally, God asks Trump: “What do you believe in?” Trump answers: “I believe you’re sitting in my chair.
Donald Trump is so dumb... (how dumb is he?) When he built a casino in New Jersey, he went dot instead of feather. 
Donald Trump goes to a prostitute..... Donald Trump has a prostitute sent to his hotel room for a one hour appointment.  He ordered up some caviar, cheese, and other foods.  He masturbated over the food while the prostitute watched.  He could not finish before his hour was up.  He told the prostitute, "Nobody could know about this.  I will give cut you a $150,000 check if you say nothing of this."  He handed the prostitute a check.  The prostitue deposits the check and learns the check did not clear.  She goes online and finds other prostitutes telling a similar stories of Trump- how he tried masturbating on foods like caviar and cocktail shrimp and how the checks did not clear.  Apparently the checks did not clear because Trump signed the checks "Mexico."  Apparently Trump tried to spill his balls on the hors d'ouvres and have Mexico pay for it.
Mr. Trump must be on vacation. He hasn't fired anyone in at least two days and he hasn't ended up on the front page of Reddit.
It’s 2015. Bill Clinton is whipping up celebrity endorsements for Hillary with a Halloween party. He invites his friend, Arnold Schwarzenegger and suggests they go as dead presidents for the media. “Too cliche” says Arnie. “What about dead musicians.” “Great idea. I’ll be Coltrane. What about you?” “I’ll be Bach.”
Why did Trump have his lawyer pay Stormy Daniels? Art of the deal!
Why is Trump orange? That's what you get when you mix yellow and Red.
Instead of Hillary Clinton, maybe Stormy Daniels should have run against Trump? I'm pretty sure she would've spanked him.
What did Manafort say when he bumped into trump at Mar-a-lago? “Pardon me.” 
What did Donald Trump yell after his failed suicide attempt? Fake Noose
Robert Mueller has uncovered that Donald Trump dropped Quaaludes with the entire USSR hockey team prior to their stunning defeat to the US at the 1980 Olympics "Miracle on Ice" in Lake Placid, NY. So what's the crime in that? He quaalluded with the Russians
Donald Trump pissed off his hair stylist and walked out bald because he forgot to pay
A liberal died and went to heaven He asked God, "God, why didn't you send down a man to cure cancer?"  God replied: "I did, but you aborted him" 
Trump: "How dare you call me conniving!" Mueller: "Mr. Trump, do you know the meaning of the word 'connive'? Trump: "Of course I do! It's what Melania uses to cut my steak!"
Donald Trump's votes are like a fart Somebody did it but nobody admits it.
Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton are all on the Titanic As the Titanic begins sinking, Jimmy Carter yells “quick, save the women and children.”   Nixon yells back: “screw the women and children!”  Bill Clinton says: “I don’t think we have time for that.” 
What do you call Donald Trump’s form of currency? Trump change
What do Trump supporters and Egyptians have in common? Living in denial.
What do Hillary, Stormy and Karen all have in common? Each of them started to dislike Trump after he stopped making personal deposits.
What do Trump advisers call prison time? Their Manafort Destiny
Donald Trump, Ivanka and her husband went to a bar **the waiter paid the bill**
What’s the difference between Donald Trump &amp; a Flying Pig? The letter “F” 
What do Jussie Smollett, OJ Simpson, and Donald Trump have in common? They were all “totally and completely exonerated”! 
Which brand of insurance does the liberal left buy into? Progressive
What’s the difference between Donald Trump and fruit? Oranges have thick skin
Why Melania Trump travels in the Air Force One alone? It is Air Force One not Two!
What do you get when a coconut, net neutrality, Donald Trump and the bus driver walk into a bar? Upvoted?
Trumpty Dumpty Trumpty Dumpty sat on a wall.  Trumpty Dumpty fired them all!  All of the NRA and all corrupt men  couldn't put the Cabinet back together again!
Trump is a better president than FDR was... ... at least trump stands up for the country 
Why does Donald Trump take xanax? To prevent hispanic attacks.
Donald Trump decides to take a drive... Donald Trump decides to go for a drive. He’s enjoying cruising though Washington when he accidentally rear ends another car.   A police officer arrives and says, “Mr. President, we’ll need to speak with you.” Trump brushes them off.   “But sir, we’ll need to take a statement — you hit the other car.”  Trump turns them and says, “Wrong! No collision! No collision!”
Why does Trump use his hands to do math? Because he heard It's the little things that count.
[NSFW] I was going to be a trump supporter for Halloween But I couldn’t fit my head up my ass. 
Trump walks into a bar… The bartender says “what do you want”   Le drumpf says “I’ll have a gin and tonic” Battender says “we’re all out” Trump - angerly - says “well how about a rum and coke”  Bartender says “we’re all out”  Trump then says how “about a wall?”   The bartender says “what’s that”   Le drumpf orange man &gt;:( says “ its tequila and lime and hot sauce “   The bartender says “ wow I can do that one” :))  Trump points at a Mexican man sitting at a table in the corner and says  “By the way, he’s paying for the Wall” ;) xD 
I don't normally see eye to eye with most Trump supporters, but if there's one thing we do agree on... It's that the president of Puerto Rico is the dumbest son of a bitch to ever hold public office. 
What did Trump say when his test scores were lower than expected? “Fake IQs.”
I've taken to calling my cats little trumps. Because they're little orange assholes.
How will Trump destroy ISIS? He will buy it and then run it like one of his casinos.
I don't understand why Obama had to give his speeches behind bullet proof glass. I mean, I know he's black and all, but I doubt he'll shoot anyone.
Today Trump said that he has "one of the great memories of all time." It was the time he walked into the Miss Teen USA dressing room.
Why shouldn't you play Uno with Donald Trump? Because he steals all the Green Cards.
Queen Elizabeth, Vladimir Putin, and George Bush die in a plane crash... While waiting in line in hell the Devil asks them if they’d like to make a phone call back to earth, he warns them it will be expensive.   Vladimir goes first, he calls a few of his comrades, and is off the phone in 2 minutes. The devil tells him that’ll be $2 million. He says he doesn’t have that so the devil burns him up and send him on his way.   The Queen is next, she call her grandchildren but keeps it very short. After a minute she gets off the phone, reaches into here hat and hands the devil the required $1 million.   Finally George Bush get on the phone, he proceeds to call all his college buddies, his brother, and his wife. He’s on the phone for over an hours. He hangs up and the devil asks him for $10.00. He pays.  Vladimir and The Queen ask the devil what’s up with that, why is it so much more cheap for him?   The devil replies “Ever since Trump took over America has gone to Hell, so it’s a local call” 
I stayed a Trump hotel the other day Ironically the ICE machine was broken
Donald Trump dies and goes to hell In 50 years, he comes to the devil and says: "I know I'm going to spend an eternity here. I would like to ask you for a favor. I miss my country, I miss the United States. Can I go back to Washington DC for 15 minutes? I will go to the nearest bar, drink some beer and have a little chat with the bartender. Then I will return to stay here forever."   The devil says "Okay, but I will change your body for the time you are there. Nobody would know or believe you are actually Donald Trump".  "That's even better!" says the president. And the next moment POOF! He appears next to a bar. He walks in, orders a mug of beer and starts talking to the bartender:  "I have been in a coma for quite a long time. I don't know what's going on in the world. How is our country doing?"  "Can't be better!" says the bartender happily. "We are the mightiest nation in the world, we no longer have ANY external threats! All political issues have been resolved! Every country is either our loyal ally or is completely controlled by our government!"  "Wait a second" - Trump can't believe his ears - "What about Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan?"  -Everything is ours now! We have conquered them!  -Then what about Ukraine?  -It's also controlled by our government now!  -I can't believe this! What about Mexico? China? Turkey?  The bartender takes a globe from under the desk, spins it around and  says proudly: "The whole world belongs to us. I mean it! Every single country!"  Donald Trump is completely shocked. He says in amazement:  "I am speechless. I didn't ever think it was possible by any means. Thank you very much. Anyways, I got to go now. How much for the beer?"  "350₽, comrade!"     UPD: Yes, I get it, you thought the title was actual news. Please stop, other people DID make these comments before you. 
Barney, a news reporter in Texas, invites his friends over for Jigsaw puzzle night once a month While taking breathtaking photos on the job he selects one and turns it into a 1,000 piece puzzle each month and invites his friends to figure out what the photo is of as they put it together. This month Barney visited an old school building that was repurposed into an awesome center for poor and abandoned children to keep them safe, happy and fed. It had a wonderful medical center, library, phones for the kids to use, a huge playground outside, xboxes, school classes, comfortable beds, amazing food... you name it, it was there. They found foster parents for many of these wonderful amazing children. Barney took a wonderful photo of smiling happy kids in front of the center and turned it into this month's puzzle. His friends had about 950 pieces of it put together and had easily figured out what it was when Bob showed up with a new friend. The friend looked at the incomplete picture and said, "Oh wow, how dark... you found a photo of a Nazi concentration camp?"  Barney pulled Bob aside and said, "Dude, I said no liberals allowed."
What’s Trump’s favourite restaurant? New King Korean culture and cuisine. 
Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and Bill Clinton die and go to hell. They are lined up in front of three doors. The first is opened to reveal a swarm of wasps and mosquitoes. Satan's voice booms "Mr Obama you have sinned, and now you must spend all of eternity with these vile creations!" And with that, Obama is thrown into the room and the door slams shut.  Clinton and Trump are now terrified. The second door opens, and it reveals a room filled with angry rabid dogs and badgers. Satan's voice booms again "Mr Clinton you have sinned, and now you must spend all of eternity with these ghastly beasts!" And with that, Clinton is thrown into the room and the door slams shut.  Trump is now wetting himself. The final door opens, but instead of there being anything horrific, Trump sees the most drop-dead gorgeous young woman he has ever laid eyes on, with perfect skin, a stunning face, and thick flowing hair. Satan's voice booms one final time "Mrs Samson you have sinned…"  
The only people who can beat Trump in 2020 are the guards and his fellow inmates
As President Trump meets freed US citizens upon their return from North Korea.... ....human rights campaigners argue that they've already suffered enough.
Don’t you dare piss off Trump... ...or there will be hell toupee
Did you guys hear this joke about Trumps Mexican border wall? It’s hilarious. I’m still trying to get over it.
Robert Kraft is trying to suppress release of the spa surveillance video. He’s getting a lot of support from the Republican Party, but.... Great opposition from the Lemon Party. 
What kind of women does Trump like best? Eastern Euro-Peein'
Trump is on the phone with Queen Elizabeth II They discussed politics, Brexit, and many other things for a few minutes, before Trump started off a new topic tangent;  "You know, I've been thinking, and your country- and may I say, it used be be a YUGE empire but is now full of migrants from shithole countries- is ruled by a monarch, so it's called a monarchy, right?"  "Yes, Mr. Trump, that's correct."  "Okay, okay, so then a country like Monaco, at least the parts that aren't no go zones filled with some very BAD people, believe me - is ruled by a prince, so it's called a principality, right?"  "Yes, Mr. Trump."  "Okay, so I was thinking, in order to make America great again, we need to rename ourselves a 'Presidentiality'. What do ya think?"  "Well, Mr. Trump, at the moment I think calling it a country suits things just fine." 
Why does Donald Trump hate China? Because it has a bigger wall
The White House just spent $1.7M... on garden equipment rentals for its diversity program. To be fair, Trump is on the record as telling his staff, "hire more spades!"
How is Trump different from Tyrion? A Lannister always pays his debts. 
Went into a bar and ordered a Donald Trump... They gave me a White Russian and a blast from a hair dryer.
What is the secret to Trump’s magic? His slight of hand
What do you get if you remove the T from Trump? Nothing new, he was always an ass.
I live in constant fear that Trump will deport my latina mother-in-law Her address is 1837 3rd St, LA 90023, blue house. She gets off work at 6.
Steve jobs would have been a better president than Trump. Although that isn't really fair to say, since any other corpse would be too.
Did you hear about the woman who quit her job as Trump's communications director? Yes, but I thought hope left the White House ages ago.
What did stormy daniels tell trump after their encounter? I saw that coming
Where does the name Trump get its' value? Precedence.
How are Donald Trump and Darth Vader alike? They are always saying Alderaan things. 
The winner of the Kentucky Derby has been invited to the White House. The stallion declined, stating: "If I wanted to look at a horse's ass, I would've come in second".  
Trump in a conference A reporter asked Trump, "What does the J stands for in Donald J Trump?"  Trump replied, "The J stands for Genius."
What did trump say to his gun when it ran out of ammo? You're fired 
What's Donald's Trump favorite store to go to? Wall-Mart
Congress wanted to make a "US tour" so that they could meet and greet the citizens So they gather all up and jump into a bus, you know, to make people think they were not spending the people's taxes on plane tickets.   They start going to the major cities and doing their charade but then they didn't arrive to their next destination. Investigation starts and the police find out they got lost someplace in Arizona.    The search and rescue begins and after a few days, along the road in the desert, they find the bus all turned over and burnt in the front yard of a small farm.   Police then go to the house, knock on the door, and are received by a farmer, who lets them in to his house.   The police ask about the bus and the politicians inside.  "Yep, they're all buried in my backyard. I dug a big hole, took them out of the bus and buried them. That's what my old man taught me, to have respect for those who passed away." Says the farmer.   Then a policeman asked him, "but we're they all dead?"   The farmer responds, "well, some of them claimed they weren't, but you know how all the the politicians lie, so I didn't believe them"
What do you tell your barber to get a Trump hairstyle? I fucked your daughter ! 
Anyone who thinks Trump is the smartest President needs to read up on Kennedy There’s hard evidence that guy had some serious brains.
What's a 14-year-old trump supporter's favorite video game? Fallout 76 because there's no NPCs.
President Donald Trump and his driver were cruising along a country road President Donald Trump and his driver were cruising along a country road one night when all of a sudden they hit a pig, killing it instantly.  Trump told his driver to go up to the farmhouse and explain to the owners what had happened. About one hour later Trump sees his driver staggering back to the car with a bottle of wine in one hand, a cigar in the other and his clothes all ripped and torn.  "What happened to you?" asked Trump  "Well, the Farmer gave me the wine, his wife gave me the cigar and his 19-year-old daughter made mad passionate love to me."  "My God, what did you tell them?" asks Trump.  The driver replies, "I'm President Donald Trump's driver, and I just killed the pig."
How do you get Obama to change a light bulb? Ask him
How do you get Trump to put down an umbrella? Get him to try and walk through a plane door with it. His staff will then collapse it for him.
What do Melania Trump and warm butter have in common? They both spread easy
Why does Trump go bananas on the media? Because they are trying to orange his impeachment.
The red man lives in the red house. The pink man lives in the pink house. The yellow man lives in the yellow houses. The blue man lives in the blue house. Who lives in the white house? The orange man.
As a new parent I'm worried about the new trade tarriffs Trump may invoke..... I'm really hoping he won't be putting any more duties on diapers.
People don’t realize that vandalizing Trumps Hollywood Star is a bad thing It guarantees him the newest and shiniest star on the walk. Art of the the Deal
What do you call it when Donald Trump picks a new member of the government? Russian Roulette.
Which Game of Thrones house does House Trump most resemble? Definitely not House Lannister,  because they always pay their debts.
Why won't Trump be impeached? Republicans like to see a child carried to full term.
Pixar is making a Trump movie Monsters Gov.
original Trump joke Trump is walking on the beach and finds a magic lamp.  He rubs it and a genie appears.  The genie grants him three wishes.  Trump says: I want to be the richest man in the world.  Poof!  He's richer than Bill Gates.  I want to be young and virile again.  Poof!  He's his 40-year-old self.  I want to be loved and adored by all.  Poof!  He's Betty White.
Independent Investigation has revealed that Donald Trump does in fact have Russian ties They have also noted there is evidence that leads them to believe that he has Indian socks, Pakistani shirts, and Taiwanese suits.      Maxine Waters has called for his immediate impeachment.
Did you hear the news that Trump's personal library burnt down? Unfortunately, both books were permanently destroyed.    Do you know the what the real tragedy is?  He didn't even finish colouring the second one.
Steve Jobs would have been a much better president than Donald Trump But its a silly comparison really, like comparing apples to oranges. 
What's a super hero Trumpcare members of Congress currently love? Deadpool.
How does President Trump deal with outlaws? He grabs them by the posse.
How did Trump manage to win the weekend golf event? Because he had *put in*
If Trump bans trans from the Army, they won't be going anywhere. Seriously, the engines can't just hook up to the drive shafts or there won't be enough torque. 
Sounds like Trump's finally learned some manners. It's reported he's been heard saying "Pardon me" a lot lately. 
Why can't Donald Trump be hung for treason? Fake Noose
What's the difference between Donald Trump and my passport? The passport has more foreign policy experience.
How do you make Trump's eyes light up? Shine a flashlight through his ears.
Trump and Pence go on a hunt. As they are walking through the woods, they see an elk foraging.  "Hey look, an elk!" says Pence.  "Fake moose" says Trump.
Why did Trump want to build a wall near the white house? The weather was Stormy outside and he wanted some protection. 
Why does Donald Trump take xanax? For hispanic attacks.
How could Donald Trump ever get elected in this great nation? ...said the country pissed off that the super bowl didn’t play music from spongebob. 
How do you maintain your dignity working as an official for President Trump? Acting!
I am making a movie on Colonel Sanders, titled To Kill A Fucking Bird
What kind of gun does Trump own? Nothing special. Just a small handgun.
I am disgusted with people calling Trump a white supremacist, He is clearly orange.
Why is Trump against letting German immigrants into the U.S? Because they are sending their wurst
As a shrewd negotiator, Trump will convince the President of Mexico to build and pay for a 30 foot wall on the US/Mexico border. The border is a lot longer than that, but it's a start. 
What sound does chicken Trump make?  tweet, tweet
I figured out who the leak is in the White House It's Trump himself.  Just tell him how great he is and ask for details of the awesome things he's done, he'll tell you every time.
Trump fires top advisor Steve Bannon... Lets hope he gets aids again soon.
Man at beach spots another man about to enter the water wearing a shirt emblazoned with " Trump is the greatest President ever". 1st man yells out, "you dont really believe that do you? 2nd man yells back.  "No.  I wear it for safety.  Im about to swim in the ocean and i figure even a shark wouldnt swallow that shit."  
What did Barack Obama say after he was asked if he had a favorite type of nut? ..."Yes. Pe. Can!"
I suspect we'll see photos of Trump with the Night King soon.. ...since he tends to spend a lot of time with wight supremacists.
What's Donald Trump's least favorite band? Foreigner. 
What does Donald Trump call his pet? Trumpet. 
President Donald Trump's legacy There's the joke
Trump: Remember, the less immigrants we let in, the better. Pence: The fewer  Trump: Shh don't call me that in public yet
Trump's nothing like Hitler. There's no way he could write a book - Frankie Boyle.                                     *this joke got 2nd place at fringe comedy festival*
I am surprised Trump wanted to look at the solar eclipse today... Because if he went blind all he would see is black  
Despite Trump's recent push to bring manufacturing jobs to the U,S., where are most of his Signature Series ties made? Tieland
Was Scaramucci effective in the White House? Goes without saying...
Why does the buck stop with Trump? After that, it gets laundered and is untraceable 
Trump summons all his top aides to his office one day He declares "This is a national emergency! Someone find me my important papers!' The Secretary of Defense pulls out an urgent report on North Korea. "No not those you moron!" The CIA director hands him evidence of an upcoming terrorist plot. He rips it in half and yells "No! You're fired!" The EPA director hands him a new report on climate change. Trump goes red in the face and yells "Get that fake news out of my office right now!' Finally the Chief of Staff burst into the room carrying a huge crate of 100-ply toilet paper.  Trump exclaims "About damn time!!!" 
Donald Trump, what a great president. - says no one 
What did Putin say to Obama when Russia annexed Crimea? Crimea river.
Putin, Trump the Pope and an altar boy were on a crashing Plane... but there were only 3 parachutes. Putin grabs one, yells: "Russia needs me!" and jumps out. Trump follows him yelling: "The americans need me!" The Pope looks at the the altar boy and says: " Take the last parachute as i am old and will certainly go to heaven!" The boy looks at him, smiles, and says: "No need for that! The president just jumped with my Backpack!"
trump! More like Dump 
Former president Clinton Walks into a dry cleaner with a suit,  "I'm in a hurry can I get this by 3 today?"  The clerk, preoccupied, quickly looked up and asked "come again?"  "No, it was mustard this time."
What's the worst part about getting hit in the nuts with a rubber bullet at an anti-Trump rally? Having to cancel your post-riot brunch plans
I don't know why President Trump pardoned Joe Arpaio Thanksgiving is still three months away. 
Why can't Donald Trump tell the time? Because he has two little hands.
I shook hands with my Congressman yesterday... I didn't mean to, I was just reaching for my wallet.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on a sinking boat. Who survives? America
DONALD TRUMP DROPPED OUT!! April Fools :(
How many Hillary Clinton supporters does it take to change a lightbulb? None. They prefer to be left in the dark.
Trump will be pretty butthurt during his 2020 re-election campaign... Well, at least that's the running joke.
There Once Was A Trump From Nantucket Trump: “Who knew Nantucket was an island.  Yes an island surrounded by water even.”
Two presidential aides are having coffee in a back room at the White House. “Sometimes I wish we worked for the pope and not the president,” one of them says. “Why?” asks the second aide.  &amp;#x200B;  “Because then we’d only have to kiss his ring.”
Donald trump walks into a bar. He says: “make me a white Russian”
I'm not a fan of Trump, but I'd never denigrate his supporters If you're a Trump supporter, denigrate means to put down.
After the blizzard yesterday I think I understand Republicans a little better Because these snowflakes are killing me
What is Donald Trumps favourite song? Another Brick in the Wall by Pink Floyd Because he don't need no education....
Donald Trump walks into a bar and gets a concussion and dies.  The end.  Have a nice day :) 
Trump forgot the words to Irving Berlin's 'God Bless America' - so what? He prefers 'Putin on the Ritz', anyway.
Trump is imposing a new law whereby you cannot sit anymore, What’s your stance on this?
How many Trump voters does it take to change a light bulb? None. They will use a lantern and go right back to when America was great instead.
Holy Cow! I just found out I've been appointed to be communications director at the white house... it's not that I'm qualified or anything, it's just my turn... 
When Trump is gaming, what does he call smurfs? Fake New(b)s
While touring the White House, Trump reportedly walked into a mirror and said... "Pardon me."
Trump in Chicago Donald Trump decides to visit Chicago. He wants to get a few photo ops, so he can later post them on Twitter and show how he and his policies "helping the community get back on its feet."   But when he gets to the South Side, he notices that the streets are completely empty. Finding that odd, since he'd called the media ahead of time and told them to announce where he'd be going, Trump gets out of his limo and takes aside one of his Secret Service guys.   "You," he says, "the people haven't come out to see me. I want you to shoot your gun in the air. That should tell people to come out."  The agent, not wanting to disobey the his boss, shoots his gun. Still no one comes out. So Trump orders the agent to do it again, which the man does.  At that, a second floor window opens up, and a man sticks his head out. Without looking down, he yells across the street,  "YO, What the fuck is goin on?"   Across the street, another second floor window opens, a woman sticks her head out, and yells back "Didn't you hear? Trump's in town and he's here on the South Side."  The man yells back "So what? The first shot missed?"
President Trump: "I've raised THE BEST kids....." ".....They are the most polite people you have ever seen.  Just today Don Jr. has already said "Pardon Me, Dad" at least 10 times.  He has such great manners!"
So it turns out that Trump is a Marxist... ... he seizes women by their means of production.
What did Mickey Mouse say when a Frisbee was heading towards Trump? Donald Duck!
If Trump wanted to replace the entrance to the United States... Would he have to make America's gate again?
What was Donald Trump Jr's Russian lawyer called? Whodja Nickanemailov.
Obama, Hillary and Trump Obama, Hillary and Trump are standing at the throne of heaven. God looks at them and says, "Before granting you a place at my side, I must ask you what you have learned, what you believe in."  God asks Obama first: “What do you believe?"  He thinks long and hard, looks God in the eye, and says, "I believe in hard work, and in staying true to family and friends. I believe in giving. I was lucky, but I always tried to do right by my countrymen".  God can’t help but see the essential goodness of Obama, and offers him a seat to his left.  Then God turns to Hillary and says, "What do you believe?"  Hillary says, "I believe passion, discipline, courage and honor are the fundamentals of life. Like Obama I believe in hard work. I, too, have been lucky, but win or lose, I've always tried to be a true patriot and a loyal American."  God is greatly moved by Hillary's high-pitched eloquence, and he offers her a seat to his right.  Finally, God turns to Trump and says, "And you, Donald, what do you believe?"  Trump replies, "I believe you're in my seat."
Why do Democrats always lead at the beginning of the election? The Republicans haven't gotten off of work yet.
I was going to make a joke about Ted Cruz' body But it didn't work out. 
Why wont trump play hide and seek? Because nobody will try to find him
What is the chosen breakfast cereal of Trump supporters? Frosted Flakes.
What did Donald Trump Jr. politely say when he interrupted his dad's conversation? Pardon me
What kind of money does a Russian hooker make when Trump is in town? Gross profits.
How is Colonel Sanders like the typical male? All he's concerned with is legs, breasts, and thighs.
When Trump announced job creations... I didn't think it was for the same position over and over again.
Kanye West, Donald Trump, Justin Bieber and Martin Skreli are put in a coliseum, given gladiator weapons and made to fight to the death. Who wins? Society.
Where does Donald Trump Jr. buy his groceries? Traitor Joe's
Obama smoked weed growing up and look where he is today Unemployed, with two kids and recently evicted 
What did Donald Trump tweet when giving his take on the trailer for the upcoming Cats movie? “FAKE MEWS!!!”
What’s it called when Donald Trump takes viagra? Rigging a presidential erection
What’s the only type of congress that actually gets anything done? Sexual Congress
President Trump is sleeping one night President Trump is sleeping one night when the ghost of George Washington appears at the foot of his bed. Trump asks him, 'Georgie, my boy, how can I be a better president?' George says, 'First, never tell a lie.' Trump doesn't like this answer and yells for security. George disappears and Trump goes back to sleep. He is woken up a short time later by the ghost of Franklin Roosevelt sitting at the foot of his bed. "Frankie, my boy, what can I do to be a better president?' FDR thinks a moment and says, 'You have to put the people first.' Once again Trump doesn't like this answer, yells for security, and FDR disappears. Trump is once again awakened by the ghost of Abraham Lincoln at the foot of his bed. "Abe, my boy, how can I be a better president?' Abe thinks for a moment and responds, 'Go to the theater more.'
How do you get Trump to change a lightbulb? Tell him Obama installed it
John McCain told John Kerry, Bill Clinton, and Donald Trump a joke about the Vietnam War. John McCain told John Kerry, Bill Clinton, and Donald Trump a joke about the Vietnam War. McCain and Kerry started laughing hyterically.  Trump and Clinton both said: I don't get it.   ​  McCain said... "I guess you had to be there."
Trump is introducing a ban on shredded cheese imports He wants to make America grate again.
What is Donald Trump’s least favorite rock band? Foreigner.
How does Donald Trump plan on deporting 12 million illegal immigrants? Juan by Juan. 
Where's Donald Trump's favorite place to shop? Wall-Mart!
So Trump’s youngest son is Barron? Pity his grandmother wasn’t.
What is Donald Trumps favorite song? ICE ICE Baby...... 
Whenever somebody says the next person like Trump is going to be worse than him... I am heartened by the fact that they said the same thing about Dane Cook.
Trump meets the Queen So Donald asks the Queen how you get to be king or a duke or other Royalty.   Queen:’ Look Donald, an Emperor rules an Empire, a king rules a kingdom, a prince ruled a principality,  a duke rules a duchy and so on’ Donald:’ I rule the USA, what does that make me’ Queen:”that’s a country, that makes you a ....”
What is the difference between Donald Trump and a prostitute. One dictates the other takes dick. but they both rob you so no difference.. 
I'm totally certain Trump's campaign colluded with the Russians There are too many red flags!
Why Didn't Monica Lewinsky Vote For Hilary Clinton? Because the last Clinton presidency left a bad taste in her mouth. 
What is the difference between a hedgehog and Congress? The hedgehog has all its little pricks on the outside.
Donald Trump told me that I have very nice teeth which is not surprising, seeing as he only likes things that are straight and white. 
How did Obama propose to Michelle? He got down to one knee, pulled out the ring and said "I don't want to be obamaself" 
Today I realized that Trump didn't say the Russian videos constitute a *witch* hunt. They're *whiz* hunt...
They say that Republicans no longer embody the Christian values they preach... That's a little unfair if you ask me. They follow the golden rule perfectly. Whoever has the gold, rules.
Why wasn't Taco Bell featured at the White House's fast food feast? Because Trump would have expected them to pay for the whole meal.
In order to resolve the government shutdown, Bill Gates has offered to fund President Trump's border wall On the one condition that he can install windows
Obama dies and then visits in an NY bar So Obama dies and goes to Haeven. And after a while he becomes curious and is allowed to spend an hour  in NY.  He goes to a bar and while ordering a whisky asks the bartender how things go.  Like "what is going on with Iraq and Syria?" -  Oh, all is fine: they are ours. And even half of China is ours. - answers the guy. Obama: -  Nice to hear it. So how much does this whiskey cost? - 2.50 Rubel. Without the ice. 
What's the difference between Libertarians and Marxist Communists? Libertarians still exist
Donald Trump meeting with the Pope Donald Trump goes to Rome to meet with the Pope and as soon as he walks into the Vatican, he is greeted enthusiastically by the Pope. The Pope shakes his hand with a fervor and goes "You really have been a savior to our church! You really are a godsend!"   Donald Trump looked at the Pope perplexed and goes "What did I do to save your church? I am not even Roman Catholic."  The Pope grins and says "Now that everyone is paying attention to your every move and rants, nobody is paying attention to our child molesting scandals. Plus attendance in our churches have skyrocketed due to a lot more church goers praying to god for your demise." 
Donald Trump is like a pimp. If he's making money, *somebody's* getting fucked.
Dale Earnhardt on trump's wall "THEY WORK"
Three contractors bid on a fence in front of the White House hree contractors are bidding to fix a broken fence at the White House in DC: One is from New York , another is from Tennessee and the third, is from Florida . All three go with a White House official to examine the fence. The Florida contractor takes out a tape measure and does some measuring, then works some figures with a pencil. 'Well,' he says, 'I figure the job will run about $900: $400 for materials, $400 for my crew and $100 profit for me.' The Tennessee contractor also does some measuring and figuring, then says, 'I can do this job for $700: $300 for materials, $300 for my crew and $100 profit for me.' The New York contractor doesn't measure or figure, but leans over to the White House official and whispers, '$2,700.' The official, incredulous, says, 'You didn't even measure like the other guys! How did you come up with such a high figure?' The New York contractor whispers back, '$1000 for me, $1000 for you, and we hire the guy from Tennessee to fix the fence.' 'Done!' replies the government official. And that, my friends, is how government contracting works. 
What do the Khaleesi and Donald Trump have in common? A tiny hand. 
The media keeps trying to assassinate the character of Donald Trump and I think it is a waste of time... You can't assassinate what isn't there.
What did the democrats say after the mid-term elections? Trump that.
Trump said in his campaign that if I voted for Clinton... Trump said in his campaign that if I voted  for Clinton, I would be stuck with a president under constant  federal investigation from day one.  Turned out, he was right. I voted for Clinton and I have been stuck for years with a president under federal investigation from day one.  &amp;#x200B;
What's the difference between Trump and KKK members? KKK don't care about Golan Heights.
Trump is really good about his ears. He wears ear plugs at loud concerts. He makes sure his ear wax doesn’t build up.  He keeps the gray hairs growing out of his ears nice and trimmed.  He’s quite possibly the most ear responsible president we’ve ever had.
a professor of sociology, a professor of mathematics and a professor of philosophy travel to a congress by train... a professor of sociology, a professor of mathematics and a professor of philosophy travel to a congress by train into switzerland.  looking out of the windows, the professor of sociology happens to see a black sheep.  "how interesting". he exclaims. "it appears there are black sheep in switzerland.  the professor of mathematics replies: "dear colleague, you should phrase your statements more precisely. from our observations, it seems to me we can only conclude that there is at least ONE black sheep in switzerland."  upon that, the professor of philosophy frowns and says: "dear colleagues, it seems you both tend to make inexact statements. from our observation, one could only conclude that there exists at least ONE sheep in switzerland who is black on at least ONE SIDE".  "well, i guess we will never get the chance to prove any of these claims" replies the professor of sociology.  that moment, the train breaks down with technical issues, and stops.  after killing some time waiting, the professor of philosophy suggests, they all go and check out the sheep, so they do.  they hike up the small hill where the sheep grazes, and check it out.  and, surprisingly, it really turns out to be black only on one side, the other side is perfectly white.  while they are studying the sheep, the farmer comes up to them, and asks what it is that they are doing here.  the professor of philosophy greets him and says: "that is quite an interesting sheep you have here".  the farmer looks at them incredulously for a few seconds, shakes his head, and yells: "now you gotta be the stupidest motherfuckers i met today. this is a goat you idiots."
Trump just got the FDA to ban the sale of shredded cheese. He says he wants to make America grate again.
Why can't Donald Trump and Melania have a romantic getaway in Mexico? He always wants to take the kids.
Trump is so good at creating jobs He’s even creating daycare jobs down at the border
What is the difference between Donald Trump and a dog? Trump wears a suit, the dog just pants.
Trump # House Republicans nominate Trump for Nobel peace prize 
I don’t see why everyone is blown away that Trump has to pay for sex. He would have never gotten a girl like Melania without paying for it. 
I still don't know why people think Donald Trump's wall would never work. China did it, and they barely have any Mexicans
Donald Trump has finally been sent to prison for his numerous crimes. He is given his orange jumpsuit, which matches his now fading orange tan, and is led into the small cell he will probably call home for the rest of his life. To his dismay, his cellmate, who is lying on the bottom bunk, is a very large man sporting many tattoos and dawning a very hostile look on his face.  Trump hasn’t seen a man this alpha since he was last in a room with Putin. Maybe Pelosi. Only this man is more muscular than Putin and has a skin completion that is quite a bit darker than bulk of his base. In fact, this man looks like something he only saw on Fox news and was told by Laura Ingram to be very afraid of.  He has never seen anyone like this in real life before.   The cell door shuts with a violent clang behind Trump and his new cellmate stands slowly and looks at him for a very long time without a word.  Trump’s new cellmate scans this declining orange blob in front of him.  Flabby. No toupee. Only a small trace of raccoon eyes.   “Well?” Says the large man says after what seems to be an eternity.  “Well what?” Asks Trump his bowels starting to loosen.   “Do you want to be the husband? Or do you want to be the wife?”  Is really happening? Can he really get away with being the “husband” in this relationship? Can Trump turn one last deal and make this behemoth of a man his prison bitch? Trump weighs his options quickly.    Trump straightens his flabby body the best he can. He looks the man dead in the eye and says with as much confidence as he can muster: “Well, of course Donald Trump is going to be the husband!”  The large man gently puts his hand on Trump’s shoulder and smiles.  “Perfect.” He says. “Come on over here then and suck your wife’s dick.”
2020: Oxford dictionary redefined "UK politics" as "Brexit"
What do new parents who circumcise and republicans have in common? They care more about what they cant see than the child right in front of their eyes.
Hillary's clock In heaven there are clocks that move one inch every time the person lies.  So Three people are on a train all in different compartments:  A muslim. An indian. And Hillary Clinton.  They all die when the train explodes.  The muslim, an honest man requests to see his clock. So the angels show him his clock. It was on six o' clock. He is happy and leaves.  The Indian, annother honest man request to see his clock, it was on 7 o' clock. Then he says: "Wasn't Hillary on the train, can I see her clock?" So the angel agress and says &gt;!"Look up, we use it as a ceiling fan".!&lt;
Baby boomers like to disparage millennials. Let's not forget the generation that got so stoned that they elected president ray gun.  Seeing what America had done, he declared the war on drugs himself.
Why is Hillary Clinton not in the phone book? So no one can look her up.
How does Donald Trump feel about the trade war with China? Tariff-ic.
Why did Donald Trump take out a lightbulb? Obama put it in
What does Hillary Clinton say after shaving her pussy? No more Bush.
The interactive Netflix film Bandersnatch was so successful, they're creating another interactive film all about Donald Trump. It's called Grabbed-her-snatch. 
If Trump is so worried about border security, maybe he should take Prozac. You know, for Hispanic attacks. 
Trump is at an elementary school assembly and asks,... "Does anyone know what a tragedy is?"  A kindergartener raises her hand and the president chooses her to answer, "A car crash."  "No, not quite." Responds Trump, "that would be an 'accident' ".  He then chooses a 4th grade boy. "If a school bus went off a cliff and all the kids died, that would be a tragedy."  "Close, but not exacly, that's what we call a great loss" replies the president.   Next, a 6th grader speaks up, "if a bomb went off in DC and killed you and all of congress, that would be a tragedy."  "That's really great!" The president continues, "how did you know that?"  "Well, it's clearly not an accident and it sure as hell wouldn't be a great loss."   Edit: thanks for the silver Flymega!!! 
To solve world hunger we need to eat the rich and erect a giant statue of Bernie Sanders. Why do we need the statue? Well, I’m glad that the first step didn’t raise any questions.
What did Col. Sanders say to S. Truett Cathy? Ah, I see you are a man of poultry as well.
Donald Trump's first summit with Kim Jong-un was only to get feedback about the quality of his tweets. Who better to ask than the Supreme Reader?
What's the difference between a libertarian paradise and anarchy? About six months.
Trump and Obama walk into the same barbershop... Donald Trump and Barack Obama walk into the same barbershop. Neither spoke a word as their barbers did their thing. Not even the barbers would speak, out of fear of starting a political discussion. As they finished, Trump's barber reached for the aftershave.   Quickly stopped by Trump, "No way, buddy! If Melania smells that, she'll think I've been in a damn whorehouse!"   Obama's barber asked if he'd like the aftershave, him replying "Yeah alright, Michelle doesn't know what a whorehouse smells like."
How many Republicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? None, they prefer to sit in the dark and blame liberals. 
George Bush Jr, George Bush Sr, and Trump walk into a bar and order a beer... Somehow a fly ended up in all three beers that they ordered. George Bush Sr, with his mind not being all there at this crescendo of his life, plucks it out and eats the fly. George Bush Jr laughs at his father, and calls the server over to explain the issue and get a new beer for him and his father. However, as the server left, Trump finally managed to fish the fly out of his beer, and, pinning the fly against the table with his thumb, he shouted at it: “Spit it out! Spit it out! You little thief!”
George Washington: "I cannot tell a lie!"; Richard Nixon: "I cannot tell the truth!"; Donald Trump: ... "I cannot tell the difference!"
What did Paul Manafort say after hearing Trump might get impeached? I beg your pardon?
President Trump and Queen Elizabeth are having a political discussion... President Trump and Queen Elizabeth are having a discussion about politics. Trump asks the Queen, "Could the United States become a Kingdom, like yours?"  And the Queen responds, "No, a Kingdom is ruled by a King. I'm sorry but you are no King."  This upsets Trump, but he thinks it over a bit before asking "What about a Principality? Maybe the US could do that."  "Sorry, but you would need to be a Prince to have a Principality. And your are no Prince." Replies the Queen.  "Okay," says Trump, "an Empire. The US will be the greatest Empire in History!"  The Queen sighs and says, "Donald, I'm sorry that you're not getting this. But an Empire needs an Emperor, which you certainly are not. I don't mean to be rude, but after meeting you I think it's clear that the United States is perfectly suited as a Country."
What is Donald Trump’s least favorite flavor of ice cream? Peach Mint.
You have to hand it to Trump Obama proved that a competent, intelligent black man was qualified enough to be the President of the United States. Trump proved that *any* black man was qualified to be President.
Why wasn’t Trump upset when he found out that his favorite Fox News TV hosts were Mexican-American? Because he couldn’t quite take offense to them. 
What is Obama’s last name? care
A young girl went up to Brett Kavanaugh and said, "I want to be a supreme court justice one day." Kavanaugh was shocked. "Are you retarded? Are you fucking crazy?" he yelled.  "Y'know what? Never mind. Those are too many requirements."
And John said to the Lord, “Verily, the world will end with trumpets.” God: No, I said Trump Pence.  John: Trumpets. Got it.  God: No... never mind.
Donald Trump and Hillary go Fishing.... After the first round of votes were counted, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were deadlocked.  Instead of going through a recount, the two agreed to a week-long ice fishing contest to settle the election. Whoever caught the most fish at the end of the week would be the President.  The candidates decided a remote frozen lake in northern Wisconsin would be the ideal place. No observers on the fishing grounds, but both candidates would need to have their catches verified and counted each night at 5pm.  After Day 1, Trump returned with a total of 10 fish, Hillary came back with nothing.  Day 2 finished, and Trump caught another 20 fish, but Hillary once again came back with nothing!  That night, Hillary and her cronies got together and accused Trump of being a “low-life, cheatin’ son-of-a-gun.” Instead of fishing on Day 3, they were just going to follow Trump to spy on him and figure out how he was cheating.  Day 3 finished up and Trump had an incredible day, adding 50 fish to his total!  That night, Hillary and her democratic buddies got together for the full report on how Donald was cheating. Hillary stood up to give her report and said, “You are not going to believe this, he’s cutting holes in the ice!”  And that, my friends, tells you all you need to know about the intelligence on the left side of the aisle!
Say what you want about Bill Clinton's Presidency... But he was always hard at work.
"You're telling me that I'm losing my job because Trump won the election? IS IT BECAUSE I'M BLACK?!" "Mister President, we've been over this..."
Many are on edge that Trump will have the nuclear codes. I'm pretty sure that as long as he can't tweet, or retweet the codes, its not gonna happen.
James Bond on mission to take out Trump 007: Q!  Q: Yes sir  007: Do you have the package?  Q: Yes sir! It's armed and ready  007: Good. Now do you have a marker on you  Q: Uhh sure here  007: thanks  *writes on package: From Russia with Love*  007: He'll never suspect a thing
A Catholic priest, Ronald McDonald and Donald Trump are having some drinks at the bar... After a few drinks, Ronald McDonald looks to the priest and says, “I just don’t get it. How do you go through life without having sex with a women?” The priest says, “It’s not easy, but I fuck a lot of kids.” To which Ronald McDonald laughs and says “That’s nothing, I’ve fucked thousands of kids. Men and women too.”   Donald Trump, shaking his head,  finishes his drink and says “Amateurs. Hell, I’ve fucked just about every man woman and child in America.”
Guys... I don't think Trump is really our president... He might just be Putin us on!
You know what Trump and the Patriots have in common? Everyone hates them both, but they both win! 
Trump just posted a picture of the protests in Romania.. .. as evidence he had the biggest inauguration crowd ever.
Trump's presidency is historic... He's the first president to ever be more concerned about personal insecurity than he is about national security.
Hey, what's difference between Trump and Goatse.cx? I can't tell cause they're both YUUUUGE assholes.
Who is Trump's favorite YouTuber? CrazyRussianHacker.
Did you hear about the upcoming film where Trump becomes a bug? President Weevil
What's the difference between Richard Nixon and Trump?? Nixon had a problem with Kissinger -- Donald had a problem with Grabbing-her.
How do republicans make sure their message is resonating with their minority voter base? They just ask him
Steve Jobs would've been a better president than Trump. But I guess comparing apples to oranges is unfair.  EDIT: epic
What's the difference between Trump and Kim Jong Un? Hair color.
Trump stared at the eclipse yesterday, but he'll be okay... He has plenty of practice feeling his way around.
Why did the libertarian cross the road? None of your damn business, am I being detained?
I love Trump. He has come closest to turning my Video Game fantasies into stark reality. Whelp, better prepare for the *fallout* from this unpopular opinion....
Trump asks Putin for advice Complaining about his failures, Trump asks Putin how he's so successful.  Putin responds that he surrounds himself with clever people and calls in Sergei Lavrov to ask him:   "Sergei, your parents have a child who is neither your brother nor your sister, who is it?"  Lavrov thinks for a moment and answers: "it's me."  Impressed, Trump decides to ask Paul Ryan the same question.  Stumped, Ryan says he needs sometime to consider the question.    The next day, after a particularly heated exchange with Nancy Pelosi, Ryan asks her: "if you're so smart, riddle me this: your parents have a child that isn't your brother or sister, who is it?"  Pelosi shoots back, "well, obviously it's me."  The next time he sees Trump, Ryan proudly announces that he's solved the riddle and tells Trump: "well, obviously, it's Nancy Pelosi!"  Trump roars, "you idiot, this is why nothing gets done around here, it's not Pelosi, it's obviously Sergei Lavrov!"
Trump is trying to solve global warming That's why he's trying to create a nuclear winter
What did Trump think about the GoT season finale? (Spoilers) "I could build a better wall"
What did Donald Trump say on the season finale of Celebrity President? "Nuclear missiles ... you're fired!"
What announcement most people are still expecting to hear from Donald Trump? "Live from New York, it's Saturday Night!"
They should build the wall with Hillary's emails Because nobody can get over them.
How do you turn a Republican into a Democrat? Simple! Lay them off!
If Trump was cast in Game of Thrones, which character would he play? Littlefingers
What did Joe Arpaio say to Donald Trump running into him in Arizona? Pardon me.
Donald trump, seeing his low approval, tries to do a publicity stunt. He sets up rocks in a lake, drags the media to this lake, and walks on the water. The next day, the media headlines were: Donald trump can't swim. Infuriated by this, he tries another trick. He runs off of an upstate New York farm, jumps over a fence, and dives into the Hudson. The next day, the media headlines were: Agricultural runoff polluting the Hudson Enraged by this he does his final stunt: create a Reddit account and start posting. The next day the media headlines were: Donald trump is encouraging and energizing shitposters The day after that mike pence was sworn in as president.
What is the common thing between Trump and EA Everyone complains about them but they dont care because they are rich as fuck
Benjamin Netanyahu, the prime minister of Israel, Narendra Modi, the prime minister of India, and Donald Trump from America, are driving together to a conference... ...when their car breaks down and they are forced to spend the night at a small motel.  ”I’m sorry,” says the clerk, ”but we have only one room left and it’s a double. But one of you can sleep in the barn. We will make it comfortable.”  ”No problem,” says Narendra Modi, ”I will sleep there.” A short while later, the other two men are getting ready for bed, when there is a knock on the door.  Narendra Modi is standing in the hallway.  ”I’m sorry,” he says, ”but I can’t sleep with a holy cow.”  ”So, I will sleep in the barn,” says Benjamin Netanyahu and off he goes. A few minutes later, he is back.  ”I’m sorry,” he says, ”but being Jewish, I can’t sleep with a pig.”  Donald Trump shrugs and says, ”I guess I will sleep in the barn.”  He leaves. Modi and Netanyahu are just getting into bed, when they hear a knock at the door. They open it and standing there are the pig and the cow.  
Steve Jobs would've been a better president than Trump. Even though Steve Jobs is dead.
What´s the difference between McDonald´s and The White House? McDonald´s has a lower turnover.
I'm a Trumpsexual so I only fap to big, hard, thick, massive border walls.﻿
Trump prepares for Hurricane Harvey by applying extra hairspray.
Why is Trump racist against Mexicans but not Chinese? Because he was known as Orange Chicken in college.
The purple man lives in the purple house. The blue man lives in the blue house. Who lives in the White House? The orange man.
When my friend asked me why I have a “Trump 2020” sticker on my car, I tell them it’s for financial reasons. The cops never pull me over, because they assume that I’m white.
Trump tells his agents to deport a million Mexicans and a chicken When they ask him about the chicken, he replies: 'See? I told you nobody would care about the Mexicans'
Why doesn't Trump wear glasses? He already has 2020.
Donald Trump tells the next president, "for your goals, finish the wall and make a statue of the 7th president"  "why the 7th president?"  "i knew you wouldn't ask me about the wall"
Trump walks into a bar...The barman asks "How's it going?" Trump says "I don't know, Fox hasn't told me yet:
What's the difference between Hilary Clinton and a child? A child can actually redeem themselves after disappointing their father.
Why Does Donald Trump Have Xanax? In case he has a his-panic attack.
What do Trump campaign staffers say when they bump into Trump? Pardon me!
Why are Democrats never right? They’re left. 
It's time everyone accepts that Donald Trump... ...is America's 45th greatest president.  /credit to Judah Friedlander
What did Bill Clinton tell Monica Lewinsky after getting inpeached? Bitch, I told you to lick my erection. Not wreck my election
Trump Loses Toupee in Volkswagen It was snug as a rug in a bug
What would it take for most Americans to feel that Trump's Asia Trip was a grand success? Most Americans would feel that Trump’s Asia Trip would be a grand success if he does not return.
Two Clinton voters die in a car crash and enter heaven... In heaven, they meet God. God says that he'll answer any question the men have.   One man asks, "What's the smoking gun proof for collusion between Trump and Russia?"  God sighs, placing a palm on his cheek. "There was no collusion between Trump and Russia. Trump won because many people thought Clinton was an even worse candidate. Bernie would have won the primaries."  The man is stunned by this information. After a while, he whispers to his friend, "Man, this conspiracy goes really high up! God is colluding with Russia too!"
How did Hillary Clinton beat Bernie? The same way Monica beat Bill... under the table
I've just uncovered irrefutable evidence that Hillary Clinton knew about the 30,000 emails she deleted as well as what really happened in Benghazi. I'm sharing it because the American people have the right to know the tr  
Donald Trump, Harvey Weinstein, and Ajit Pai walks into a bar ... Later, a man walks up to the bottomless sinkhole, looks down, and asks “Why’s the bar so low?”
I’m glad Trump isn’t Santa... because he can’t even give coal to people.
What does your awkward uncle, Donald Trump and erectile dysfunction have in common? They all come at awkward situations.
In the right lighting, Donald Trump looks exactly like Morgan Freeman The right lighting being total darkness. 
Why wasn't Trump discouraged when an immigrant got past his wall? Cause it'll take more than Juan to stop him.
My faith in humanity is restored whenever a Republican stands up to trump. Untill I realize it's a member of the freedom caucus.
Donald Trump has done wonders with the job market It's never been so easy to go into the satire industry
Merkel, Putin and Obama meet up near the north sea. Merkel, Putin and Obama meet at the north sea. Putin boasts that Russian submarines can stay submerged for many months at a time without refueling. Obama says, that's nothing, American submarines can stay submerged for over a year without refueling! Merkel hangs her head in shame, staying quiet. Suddenly, a submarine surfaces in front of the three, the hatch opens, and a man pokes his head out. "Heil Hitler! We need Diesel!"
Republican lawmakers are to release new fragrance for their supporters Bliss by Ignorance
What did Trump ask Santa for for Christmas this year? Coal
A Lot Of People Are Saying Steve Jobs Would Make A Better President than Trump. But that's just ridiculous, it's like comparing apples and oranges.  
A Republican opens a book never mind, they're already offended.
A Mexican kid meets Donald Trump and says to him, “I want to be President one day.”  Trump says, “Are you stupid? Are you an idiot? Out of your mind? Are you retarded?”  The kid replies, “You know what, I’ve changed my mind. Those are too many requirements.”
Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un are out to brunch in a small town... A suprised waiter finds them and says "Gee goly, what an honor to meet you." He looks about like a nervous rodent and asks "what are you guys doing here of all places?" Trump says "We're gonna start WWIII. We're gonna kill a lot of innocent civilians and we're gonna kill a blonde with big tits. Shocked, the waiter asks "Why kill the blonde?" Kim laughs and says "See? I told you no one would worry about the civilians.
President Trump is visiting LA, when he decides to take the limousine to home After a while, bored Donald Jr. asks "are we there yet?"  Trump puts his hand out of the limo window and says "no, we're still in California."  After a long while, Junior asks "are we there yet?"  Trump puts his hand out of the limo window and says "no, we're now in Midwest."  After even a longer while, Junior asks "are we there yet?"  Trump puts his hand out of the limo window and says "yeah, we're in East Coast now alright."  Junior looks at his father curiously. "How can you know where we are just by putting your hand out of the window?"  Trump says "it's simple, believe me. When I put my hand out in California, people were spitting on it. When I put my hand out in Midwest, people were kissing it. And when I put my hand out in East Coast, somebody stole my watch."
Donald Trump is heading to Trump Tower and bumps into a fellow on the busy sidewalk. He turns to the man and says... "I pardon myself"
Donald Trump walks into a deli and ask "Do you serve pork?". "Yes of course we serve everyone!"  
Donald Trump is out one winter day... walking around and enjoying the snow when he sees that someone had peed 'Donald sucks' in the snow. Furious, he called his Secret Service agents and yells "I want to know who did this!!".  A few days later his lead agent comes back and says "We solved it sir, but there's bad news and worse news. The bad news is that it's Mike Pence's urine".  Donald gasps "what the hell could be worse than that?"  "It's Melania's handwriting."
Why did Hillary Clinton go to her granddaughter's birthday party instead of preparing for the debates? Screaming two year olds were better preparation.
Trump and Macron are discussing leadership and decision making... Donald Trump asks Emmanuel Macron how he's able to make such great decisions all the time.  Macron says "I make sure to communicate with intelligent people and ask their advice."  Trump: "Well how do you know they're smart?"  Macron: "I ask them riddles.  Observe."  He calls up Justin Trudeau.  "Bonjour, Justin.  If your parents have a child and it's not your brother or your sister, who is it?"  Trudeau: "It's me, of course."  Macron: "You see?"  Trump is really impressed and goes home to the White House.  He calls up Jared Kushner and says "Hey Jared, if your parents have a kid, and it's not your brother or your sister, who is it?"  Jared: "Mr. President, let me get back to you on that."  He opens an investigation, spends millions of dollars of taxpayer money to no avail.  A week passes and he happens to mention this to Jeff Sessions during a briefing, who rolls his eyes.  "It's me of course."  Jared calls the president immediately.  "Mr. President, I have your answer.  It's Jeff Sessions."  Trump: "Haw haw, no, you idiot, it's Justin Trudeau!"
Brad Pitt, Donald Trump, an old man, and a young boy are flying on a plane that's about crash but there are only 3 parachutes. Brad Pitt, grabbing a parachute, says: "I'm sorry, guys. My kids need me, my fans need me, I'm outta here." He jumps.   Donald Trump says: "I'm sorry, too, but I'm going to be the smartest president to ever govern the United States." He jumps.   Finally, the old man says to the boy: "You know what? I lived my life to the fullest, now it's your turn. Go ahead and take the last parachute." The boy looks at the man and responds: "There's no need for that. The smartest president ever just took my school bag."
I think Steve Jobs would've been a better president than Trump... ...but I guess that's just comparing apples and oranges.
If the green man lives in the green house, the blue man lives in the blue house, and the red man lives in the red house, who lives in the white house? the orange man
Donald Trump went to a fortuneteller... ... and asked her, “On what day will I die?” The seeress assured him that he will die on an American national holiday.   “Why are you so sure of that?” Demanded Trump.  “Any day,” she replied, “on which you die will be an American holiday.”
What does Donald Trump call a fart? Fake poos.
Donald Trump went to a fortune teller.... He asked her,”What day will I die on?”  The clairvoyant assured him that he would die on an Islamic holiday.  “Why are you so sure about that?” demanded Trump.  “Any day,” she replied, “on which you die will be an Islamic holiday.”
What’s the difference between a rapist and a Republican? Hollywood won’t work with a Republican.  
Barack Obama's vice president wants to make out with him. Obama: Joe, you have a wife!  Joe: I guess I'm Bi-den.
An accountant told President Trump, "You can name my firstborn son as long as it honors me, is Hebrew, and—" Interjecting, President Trump blurts out,"I'VE GOT IT... "MathJew"
I just saw a headline: ”Who do you believe, Stormy Daniels or President Trump?” I don’t know about you, but I’m choosing the bad actress. Sorry, I meant porn star.
In 2016, Obama left Trump and Hillary as the 2 choices for president. Thanks, Obama.
Donald Trump must be irish.... Because when he's president the national debt is Dublin   I'll show myself out
The Treasury Department just announced a new $3 bill featuring President Trump. It's designed for businesses who need to keep petty cash.
What’s a republican politicians favorite weapon? A TheyR-15
Later today The White House will tweet She wasn’t wearing green. What was the president suppose to do.   
How do Mexicans feel about Trumps wall? They'll get over it.
What do opinions about Donald Trump,Hillary Clinton,and Pizza tell You? New Yorkers are the worst.
Why did the White House staff remove all the OJ from the building? They thought Trump was yelling “I hate *juice*!”
Trump's policies are like a frat boy walking by.... Flip flop flip flop flip flop... 
One day in the future, Donald Trump has a heart-attack and dies. He immediately goes to Hell, where the devil is waiting for him. "I don't know what to do here," says the devil." You're on my list, but I have no room for you.  You definitely have to stay here, so I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I've got three folks here who weren't quite as bad as you.  I'll let one of them go, but you have to take their place. I'll even let YOU decide who leaves."  Donald thought that sounded pretty good, so the devil opened the door to the first room.  In it was Barack Obama and a large pool of water. Barack kept diving in, and surfacing, empty handed. Over, and over he dived in and surfaced with nothing. Such was his fate in hell.  "No," Donald said. "I don't think so. I'm not a good swimmer and it would ruin my hair. I don't think I could do that all day long."  The devil led him to the door of the next room. In it was Al Gore with a sledge-hammer and a room full of rocks. All he did was swing that hammer, time after time after time. "No, this is no good; I've got his problem with my shoulder. I would be in constant agony if all I could do was break rocks all day," commented Donald.  The devil opened a third door. Through it, Donald saw Bill Clinton, lying on the bed, his arms tied over his head and his legs restrained in a spread-eagle pose. Bent over him was Monica Lewinsky, doing what she does best.   Donald looked at this in shocked disbelief, and finally said, "Yeah man, I can handle this."   The devil smiled and said..........  "OK, Monica, you're free to go."
Trump has become the ruler of the whole world, and it's his birthday. He demands that the ambassador of every country bring him something famous from their homeland to please him on such a glorious day.  First comes the ambassador of Germany. Along with him, he's brought the keys to a new concept car built by both BMW and Mercedes. It's the only one in production, and it's plated with gold. Trump nods his head in approval, and the German ambassador is allowed to leave.  Next comes the ambassador of Argentina. He brings with his the most juiciest beef stakes his country has every produced (with a side of ketchup). Trump takes a bite, nods in approval, and the ambassador is allowed to leave.  Third comes the ambassador of Italy. He brings with him the rarest and most expensive kind of grapes his country can produce, meant to make the best wine in the world. Trump, neither a fan of alcohol or healthy eating, is visibly upset and orders his guards to bend over the ambassador and shove the grapes up his butt.  Following him is the ambassador of India. He has the finest mango his country has every produced. Same fate follows him - bent over, mango shoved up his butt.  Outside the courtyard, the two ambassadors and standing next to each other, bent over and in pain. Suddenly, the Indian ambassador starts chuckling. Confused, the Italian ambassador asks what the hell is so funny? The Indian ambassador says - "the Pakistani ambassador was behind up. He brought the biggest watermelon the world has ever seen".
Trump endorsed Roy Moore but not Don Blankenship... I guess it's all right to mess with minors, but miners are off limits.
What's the difference between Trump's shoes and a condom? None, there is a dick standing in both of them. 
What do cunnilingus and a Congressional hearing have in common? One slip of the tongue and you're in deep shit.
Trump has pulled out of the Iran Accord I wish his dad had pulled out - he could have saved the world a small load of a million donalds
What is the difference between Republicans and pornstars? Pornstars don't keep their mouth shut after being fucked by Donald Trump.
Trump announced plans to pull out of Iran deal. And if that doesn't work he'll just pay them a bunch of taxpayer money to get the abortion and keep quiet about it.
When he heard that John McCain wanted to keep President Trump away from his funeral, Senator Orrin Hatch was criticized for saying "That's ridiculous". Senator, the appropriate response in that situation is.... "Hey, it's your funeral".
Donald Trump claimed his trips to Mar-a Lago didn’t cost the taxpayers anything. He paid for them with Frequent Liar miles.  (Thanks, father in law)
If Trump goes to prison It would be his first complete sentence!
Why did Donald Trump invite Kanye West round to help with his Christmas presents? Because Kanye is Trump's favourite wrapper.
A mormon, a muslim, and Donald Trump are at a bar. This is quite strange as none of them drink. 
Why do libertarians never win elections? Most of the people who would vote for them aren’t of legal voting age
yo whats bill clintons favorite musical instrument???? THE HARM MONICA, FOLKS
Donald Trump is 100% gender progressive. He’s a complete dick AND a total pussy.
President Donald Trump and his bodyguard take a train ride around America. Trump says “You know, Bobby, I’ve learned a ton about the people in my years in office. I can identify the state we’re in just by sticking my hand out!”  “I honestly doubt that, sir.” Bobby replies.  Trump opens the window, sticks his hand out, and pulls it back in a second later.  "We're in Texas. I stuck my hand out and someone kissed it."  A few hours later, Bobby asks Trump “Where are we now, sir?”  Trump sticks his hand out the window again. He withdraws it back in a second.  "We're in California now. I stuck my hand out and someone spat on it."  Several more hours passed, and Bobby again questions Trump “So where are we now, sir?”   Trump sticks his hand out again and pulls it out.  "We're in Nevada. I stuck my hand out and someone stole my watch!"
Why would Donald Trump demand that Herman Cain be on the the commission to prove that he's constitutionally eligible to be the president even though his mother is from Scotland and he stated that his father is from Germany? He needed one vote that would always be 'Nine-nine-nine'.
How much does Donald Trump and Carl Sagan have in common? Billions and billions.
What does trump and an artificial penis on viagra have in common? Both are useless and bring no pleasure 
Why is Donald Trump’s biography so long? It has four Chapter 11s.
What do you call loud &amp; obnoxious Trump fans? Trump'ets
How would Donald Trump have said "grab em by the p***y" if he was a Communist? SEIZE THE MEANS OF REPRODUCTION
Why was Trump unable to hang himself? It was fake noose
What does Melania see in Donald Trump? " Ten billion dollars and high cholesterol!!!!!!! " 
What do congress and an old library book have in common? Bent over pages
Trump has done the most work to make Americans fit He made millions of Americans walk the streets.
Breaking: Stormi Daniels reaction to president Trumps Syria decision. Shocked Trump pulls out when he said he would 
Breaking News: Bill Gates has agreed to pay for Trump's wall On the condition he gets to install windows.
Bill Clinton and the Pope die on the same day, and due to some administrative foul up, Clinton gets sent to heaven and the Pope gets sent to hell.   The Pope explains the situation to the hell administration, they check their paperwork, and the error is acknowledged. They explain, however, that it will take about 24 hours to make the switch.  The next day, the Pope is called in and the hell administration bids him farewell and he heads for heaven.  On the way up, he meets Clinton on the way down, and they stop to chat.  Pope: Sorry about the mix up.  Clinton: No problem.  Pope: Well, I'm really excited about going to heaven.  Clinton: Why's that?  Pope: All my life I've wanted to meet the Virgin Mary.  Clinton: You're a day late.
Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress But I repeat myself.
They should build the border wall with Hillary's emails Because people can't seem to get over them
Why doesn't Trump wear glasses? Because he has 2020.
Why does Trump hate ghosts? Because they can go through walls.
Did you hear the joke William Barr told Congress? It was really funny. He said &gt;![This section of the joke has been removed to protect the reputation of third party individuals.]!&lt; It was really one of the better jokes he had told.
What is Donald Trump's favorite band? Pink Floyd.... he's always talking about The Wall.
I was at a music store and the shop owner insisted I grab a guitar, a trumpet, or a piano. But I refused and said no! I had to take a stand.
Bernie Mac I’m at a bar minding my business, cooling out, just being cool like I am, chillin’. Woman come to me, this is actually the goddamn thing she wanted to do.   She said, “Mac.”   I said, “Yeah, that’s my name.”  She said, “can I ask you a question?”  I said, “yeah.”  She said, “Does pussy taste like pumpkin pie?” Made me mad as hell.  I said, “Don’t ask me no damn question like that. I ain’t never had no pumpkin pie.”
Why does Bill Clinton keep getting kicked out of libraries? Because he won't stop bending over all the pages...
What is Hillary's favorite movie? Kill Bill
On MLK day, Trump ignored the blacks... ...and focused on the greens.
Donald Trump wants to... Donald Trump wants to ban the sale of pre-shredded cheese. – He wants to make America grate again.
It's a real shame that, in this day and age, Barrack Obama had to give his speech about Martin Luther King Jr., while standing behind bullet proof glass...  Just because he's black doesn't mean he's going to shoot somebody...
Barack Obama’s, Donald Trump, The Pope, and a Mexican kid were on a plane.. The plane was plummeting and was going to crash into a building. There were only 3 parachutes.  "I'm the greatest man here, I'll take a parachute,” said Obama.  "I'm the smartest man in the world, so I'll take a parachute,” said Trump.  They both grabbed their parachutes and leapt out of the plane.  The pope said to the young boy, “Go ahead son, take the parachute.”  The boy replied "It's alright father, the smartest man in the world just took my school bag."   
What's the difference between Trump and a flying pig? The letter F
So Donald Trump was discussing domestic policy with Mike Pence Donald Trump- *The more walls we build, the less Mexicans will come here.*    Mike Pence- *The “fewer.”*    Donald Trump- *I thought we agreed to not call me that in public yet.*
Shouldn't conservatives advocate for publicly funded abortion clinics? The waiting lines will become so long, the baby will practically be born by the time the mother gets to the clinic. 
Did you hear that President Trump is giving out free microwaves? Because he's saying hello with his tiny hands.
BREAKING NEWS: Comey caught promoting possible Trump hotel merger After being fired Comey stated, "You won't be calling it The Watergate for much longer" 
You gotta hand it to Donald Trump... He's the only orange that makes you say "mmm, peach!"
What's the difference between Donald Trump and the Chupacabra? One is a monster that scares Mexicans, the other eats their goats.
Why does Trump always ensure he has a second pair of pants with him every weekend? In case he get a hole in one.
The White House Foreign Affairs Officer walks into the oval office and says... The White House Foreign Affairs Officer walks into the oval office and says "Mr. President, eight Brazilian soldiers were killed in Mexico today!"  The President is real quiet.  "Mr. President, did you hear me?"  "How many is a Brazilian?" the president asks.
Trump speaks to Muslim leaders "First off let me just say, melania and i love hammas..i mean humus"
So apparently Trump's policy on birth control is the same as his policy on climate change. pull out.
Trump got a lawyer for a reason ... and that reason is treason.
Trump, Putin, and Kim Jong Un are walking through the jungle They all trip and fall into a pit of quicksand. A sign next to the pit reads, "the more you lie, the faster you sink." Kim Jong Un is up to his neck, and Putin is at his waist. Trump appears to be perfectly calm and not sinking at all. Putin asks how this is possible. Trump replies, "I'll be alright. I'm standing on Sean Spicer."
Do you know which president has the cleanest record Lincoln, he was in a cent
Donald Trump should be happy he has such tiny hands It might make it easier for him to slip out of the handcuffs.
How does one get close enough to President Trump to let off a suicide vest? For tapping on this post, you are now on a watch list. 
Before the election, I told myself that I would leave the country if Trump got elected. Well, I did it, and it only took 11 months for the immigration officials to find me.
If you don't like Trump, just say to yourself only 7 more years to go.
I see Trump as a modern Karl Marx Have you heard him talk about seizing the means of reproduction? 
Nobody can run the country better than Trump. The country would be run better if nobody was running it.
Why can’t Horses work in Congress? Because they only ever vote, “NEEEEIIIIGGGGHHH” 
How do Mexicans feel about Trump's wall? They'll get over it.
Whats Donald Trumps favourite drink? Peach Mint...
Donald Trump got back from the doctor after taking an IQ test. The test came back negative.  
Why did Donald Trump screw Stormy Daniels without a condom? Because he heard his Pecker had immunity.
When Trump visited the UK recently and met Her Majesty The Queen,.....  ......he said:   “Hello, your Loyal Modesty, so nice for you to meet someone as bigly popuful and powerlar as me. I’m sure you’d agree that ‘President’ doesn’t do judiciousness to my impotence. I’m thinking of giving myself the title ‘Emperor’. Neat, huh, your Magistrate?”      The Queen suppressed a smile and responded calmly:   “Why, that’s not possible, Mr Trump - to be an Emperor one requires an Empire’”      “Holy ravioli - you don’t say?? I don’t even like tennis. Why don’t I call myself ‘King Donald’, then?”      “Only possible if one actually has a KINGdom, Mr Trump”      “Well bulldoze anyone living near my golf courses! You don’t say?? Ok, I’ll settle on ‘Prince’, ok?”      The Queen was starting to lose patience by now;   “A prince requires a PRINCipality, a king requires a KINGdom, and an emperor requires an EMPire. Mr Trump, you run a COUNTRY...”
What kind of animal fears Trump’s strict weed policy the most? The mar-iguana 
Well played Mr Trump If you googled 'Trump' and 'shithole' before this week, the only thing that came up were hotel reviews.
Did you hear about the Wildebeest that criticized Donald Trump? Fake gnus!!
A man calls up White House &amp; says:   *I want to be the next*  *PRESIDENT of USA*.  Operator: Are you an *idiot?*  Man: Is it *compulsory?*
Would Steve Jobs be a better president than Donald Trump? I don't know, it's like comparing apples to oranges.
What kind of war does Trump fear getting his hands in? A thumb war.     Edit: Cause you know...tiny hands.
This just in! Trump considers hobbits a threat to national security, walls off Shire. Fake news.
I'd rather have Gabe Newell as President than Donald Trump. That way, World War 3 would never be released.
What do you get when you mix Trump and a potato? A dictater 
What does Trump say to himself when he pays bills? Toupee or not to pay
What's Donald Trump's favorite type of cheese? White American
What did Trump say when a major daily Israeli newspaper condemned his Jerusalem announcement? “Fake Jews”
Trump Tower Before today the only results you would get when googling "Trump"and "shit hole" is a hotel.
Donald Trump can't take any criticism… At this point he's such a pussy about it he may as well just grab himself.
Donald Trump announced that he would be turning down the regular Presidential Salary in lieu of a yearly salary of $232 He said "If 232 is good enough for Hillary, it's good enough for me"
Will trump get a second term? Does it look like I have 2020 vision?
i realized why republicans think government is incompetent. because they are in government. 
If Donald Trump replaces Obama.... ...Does that mean Orange is the new Black?
If Trump wins the election I am __________________ Fill in the blank 
Why couldn't Hillary win the election? Women only win .7 votes for every one a man wins. 
Hillary Clinton is not a liar.. (Oops.. Sorry I wasn't suppose to put the punchline in the title was I?)
Why did Hillary did not go to Wisconsin? Because only Bill like swinging.
Im having a party to celebrate trumps election as president. Its byob though Bring your own bleach 
Trump that bitch Look i know no body wants either of them but lets be real.. atleast its not hillary. Ready for the biggest joke of a 4 years americas ever seen though??
Should be interesting when Trump meets the UK's prime minister... I wonder if he will shake her hand or grab her by the pussy
How has Donald Trump managed to bankrupt so many casinos? He hits on anything twelve or higher.
what do Hillary Clinton and Anthony Wiener have in common? their political careers are over. 
Look, people... Trump is going to be President, so let's just hold our breath for the next four years. With any luck, we'll turn blue.
Why did Donald Trump win Florida in the Presidential Election? Floridians have seen the positive effect an Orange can have on the economy.
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton walk into a bar They start drinking, when Trump takes a look at his beer, and asks:  -Hillary, isn't that a good ol' US Budweiser  -No Donald, thats just a Budweiser from Praga.  They keep drinking, when Donald orders peanuts, and asks:  -Hillary, isn't that a good ol' chunk of Georgian peanuts?  -No Donald, thats just Brazilian peanut.  Trump finally can't take it, and asks:  -But Hillary, that orange on the table must be from the good ol' California.  -No Trump, thats just a mirror from Venice. 
Putin and Trump met to discuss security. They started to argue about who has better personal security. Naturally, Putin said he does, and Trump said he does. They were meeting at a Grand Canyon, so they went outside to settle this up. Putin told Trump, look. He ordered his security detachment beside him to jump off the canyon. The security detachment looked at Putin, took a run, and jumped (by a miracle he was safe hanging on a branch few meters lower). Trump looked at his secret service and told him to jump. Secret service looked at Trump and said "I have a wife and children at home. I am not jumping." Shocked Trump walked over to the ambulance and looked at the Russian man and asked him: "Why did you jump?!" The reply was: "I have a wife and children at home."  
I went to the Muslim book store this morning and asked for Trump’s new book on immigration reform. The shop owner said ‘Get the hell out and never come back!’  I said ‘Yeah, that’s the one! You have it in paperback?’
I live in constant fear that Trump will deport my Latina mother-in-law who lives at 324 3rd st. Los Angeles. We live in Mexico and she’ll come find us
What does Donald Trumps hair have in common with a thong? They both barely cover the asshole
Why does Donald Trump's presidency stink so much? Because he won't quit Putin.
Donald Trump often has typos in his tweets... This says one of two things:  1. Be wary of the education you can get from Trump University.  2. Like Trump Towers, he hires foreign workers to do his tweeting.
Trump gets back from an official visit to Germany, and starts tweeting "Just got back from Germany, but couldn't meet with Chancellor Merkel- SAD! Had to meet with his UGLY secretary, who's got a bowl cut and is barely a 3 at best."
Trump talking to his advisor... **Trump** The lesser the immigrants we have, the better  **Advisor** You mean fewer…  **Trump** Ssshhh! Don't call me that in public yet!
Trump, Putin and Trudeau are flying on a plane with their spouses Suddenly, the engines break down and the plane starts falling. There are just 3 parachutes on board, so Trudeau proposes their wives take them. Putin angrily exclaims "Fuck 'em!" Trump then asks "But do we have enough time?"
Why did Trump wear a condom? Cause you never go into the "Eye of a storm" without protection.
Stormy Daniels said that Trump was always on bottom. Because he always F*cks up. 
The Pizza boy arrives a Libertarian meeting \* Knock Knock\*  # GET A WARRANT!
Trumps favorite store What is president Trump's favorite store?  Walmart
It's unfair to blame Obama for bombing that doctor's without borders hospital How do you know where a hospital like that begins or ends?
Cruz is cruzin' for a bruise Dang it..  He outta the race
Why does Donald Trump take anti-anxiety medication? To prevent Hispanic attacks.
If Clinton wins presidency, who will be First Lady? Monica Lewinsky 
The Trump campaign is advising supporters over 45 who want to shake the candidate's hand to bring along their reading glasses. After a few incidents.
What do you call an argument among Trump's staff? Clash of klans.
apparently we won't have to worry about voting for trump in 2024 he will have declared himself "dictator for life" by then.
What does trump have in common with a pumpkin? They’re both orange on the outside hollow on the inside and should be thrown out in early November
Why was Chelsea Clinton an only child? Because Monica Lewinsky swallowed all her siblings.
Why will Trump get away with treason? They can't hang him because of the fake noose.
What city will you never find Donal Trump in? Veracity.    Edit: looks like Trump needs the d. 
Obama vs trump Donald Trump and Barack Obama ended up at the same barber shop. As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty. As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife Michelle doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."  Source : Quora 
The reason why Jesus was not born during the Trump administration is because... God couldn’t find three wise men and a virgin! 
Why did Roy Moore become a Republican? Because he heard they were courting miners looking for a hand
What’s the difference between The White House and a nursing home for the senile? The White House smells worse.
What's the difference between Trump and Liberal American Jews? Trump's grandkids are Jewish.  (h/t Roseanne Barr)
What do Donald Trump, Kim Jong Un and a pulley have in common? They are constantly the center of a tension.
How is Trump like a Brazilian? He reminds you that Bush wasn't all that bad
Donald Trump had a close adviser named Hope Hicks. Which makes sense -- her name suggests his campaign strategy: Say racist things and hope hicks will vote for you.
Donald Trump is so broke... that the White House staff is more diversified than his portfolio.
The worst part about being a libertarian is... I always fail my pro-state exam!
What's the difference between Donald Trump's tweets and an impetuous, immature, 14-year-old girl's tweets? covfefe
Donald Trump was elected to drain the swamp... ...his replacement will be elected to flush the toilet.
On meeting Donald Trump, Kim Jon Un says “I will destroy America...” Trump replies, “No way, that’s my job. I won’t have another asian stealing an American job.”
Donald and Hillary Visit a Bakery While in the bakery, Trump sneaks three pastries into his pocket, and whispers to Hillary  "See how clever I am? The owner didn't see anything and I didn't need to lie. That's why I'm going to win the election"  Hillary says, "That's so typical of you: trickery, deceit and theft. How I'm going to show you how to get the same result honestly"  Hillary says to the baker, :Give me three pastries and I'll show you a magic trick"  The baker gives Hillary three pastries and she eats one after the other, the baker is wondering what the magic trick is and asks Hillary, "So? Where did they go?"  Hillary says, "Check Donald's pocket"
Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un Name a better duo I'll wait.
Since Kim Jong Un clearly likes Trump, can we finally all agree that Trump is... very Un-attractive?
Hillary Clinton's Magic Trick Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton made a joint visit to a bakery while campaigning. While in the bakery, Trump sneaks three pastries into his pocket and whispers to Hillary, "See how clever I am? The owner didn't see anything and I didn't need to lie. That's why I'm going to win the election." Hillary says to Trump, "That's so typical of you: trickery, deceit and theft. Now I'm going to show you how to get the same result honestly." Hillay says to the baker owner, "Give me three pastries and I'll show you a magic trick." The baker gives Hillary three pastries and he eats one after the other. The baker is wondering what the magic trick is and asks Hillary, "So? Where did they go?" Hillary says, "Look in Trump's pocket."
When Kim Jong-Un met Donald Trump some questioned whether he could actually speak English It has now been reported that Trump actually managed several sentences in almost fluent English.
Donald Trump is not my president !! Im not from America thats why
Hey you want more proof that Donald Trump is a bad gambler? Well just this Tuesday he lost the House!
It's absurd to compare Donald Trump to Adolf Hitler Hitler volunteered for the army.
What do you call a German Democrat? A Demokraut!
Why won't Congress ever impeach Trump? Because Republicans always insist on carrying a baby to full term.
If the green man lives in the green house, the yellow man lives in the yellow house, and the blue man lives in the blue house, who lives in the white house? The orange man.
President Trump' s unemployment rate is so low Even Colin Kaepernick found a job.
Do you know why Donald Trump is the best dressage trainer in the midwest? Because he's a stable-genius. 
Why do republicans eat bland food? They refuse to season anything liberally.
Trump solves an edumacation problem The Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos, comes running into the oval office and says, "Mr president! Mr president! I just found out fully HALF the population is below average intelligence. What can we do about it?" Trump thinks for a moment and tells her "See what you can do to increase the lower half. We need more supporters." 
Trump and Putin are out to dinner. The waiter asks Putin what he would like to order. "I'll have the steak," Putin says. The waiter says, "And for your vegetable?" "He'll have the steak, too."
Donald Trump went to London and met with the Queen. "Your Queenship, “ he asked her. “I am finding things way more difficult than I could have imagined. May I ask you - how do you run such an efficient government?  Are there any tips you can give me?”   “Well," replied Her Majesty, "the most important thing is to surround yourself with intelligent people."  Trump frowned. "But how do you know the people around you are really intelligent?" he asked.  "Oh, that's easy” the Queen replied. “You just ask them to answer an intelligent riddle”  She pushed a button on her intercom. “Please send Theresa May in here."  The Prime Minister walked into the room.   “You called for me, Your Majesty?"  "Answer me this, if you would, Theresa. “ the Queen said. “Your mother and father have a child. It is not your brother and it is not your sister. Who is it?”   Without pausing for even a second, Theresa May answered, “That would be me."  "Yes! Very good,” said the Queen.  Trump went back home, returned to the White House and the very next day called for Mike Pence to come and see him.  Pence duly trotted in to the Oval Office .  “Mike, answer this for me,’ said the Don. “Your mother and your father have a child. It's not your brother and it's not your sister. Who is it?”   "I'm not sure," said Pence. “Let me get back to you on that one.  Pence went panicking off to his advisers and asked everyone, but none of them could give him an answer.   The next night, as it happened, Pence ran in to Hillary Clinton in a restaurant. By now, desperate for an answer to give to his tyrannical boss, he approached her – much to her surprise.  “Hillary, I know we haven’t always seen eye to eye but I would really appreciate it if you could answer this riddle for me  “Sure, Mike “Hillary said. “I’m not one to hold a grudge. What is it?”  “Thanks, said Pence,” It’s this.  Your mother and father have a child and it's not your brother or your sister. Who is it?”   Hillary answered right back, “That's easy, it's me!"  Pence smiled,  “Thanks!"  Pence then went back to speak with Trump. "Say, boss, I did some research and I have the answer to that riddle.  It’s Hillary Clinton.”  Trump got up, stomped over to Pence, and angrily yelled at him "No, you idiot!  It’s Theresa May!"
What does Trump and a used tampon have in common? Both served toxic periods that people wished would end.
What is Donald Trump’s favorite breed of dog? The Mexican Border Collie
If you have a lot of wood sanders left on too long, They're Burnny Sanders
Trump, Putin and Kim Jong Un were all fishing on a lake one beautiful summer day. Putin got hungry so he got out of the boat and walked on water to the shore and bought some sandwiches and walked on water right back and got in the boat.  Trump was amazed at what he saw and for once he was speechless.  Later Kim Jong Un was thirsty so he got out of the boat and walked on water back to the shore and bought some drinks and walked right back over the water and climbed up into the boat and Trump was now in utter disbelief.  Trump starts mumbling to himself and needs to use the bathroom so he decides if they can walk on water then surely he can too.  He announces his intentions and abruptly gets up and and out of the boat and immediately starts flopping around in the water.  Putin turns to Kim Jong Un and asks with sincerity, "Do you think we should tell him where the rocks are?"
Donald Trump is an amazing real estate investor. His New York properties are so hot right now!
"Hello sir would you like to sign this petition in support of the Cheese Act that congress is trying to pass?" "Yeah sure I'm pro-volone"
Republicans are so good at mental gymnastics... ...that the Russian judges gave them an 11
[Old] As the president of the United States, Donald Trump is required to take an obstacle course... The man running the obstacle course tells him that in order to pass the test, he needs to get a time under 12 minutes. Trump tries his hardest going through the obstacle course, getting a time of 11:24. Happy with his time, he asks the man running the obstacle course: "Did I get the best time?"  &amp;#x200B;  The man gives him a look of disappointment, and says "unfortunately not."  &amp;#x200B;  Trump asks "Who got the best time on the course!?"  &amp;#x200B;  The man looks at him and says "Bush did 9:11"
Why don't more Trump supporters name their children Donald? Menopause
Donald Trump is trying to blame video games for everything. Mass shootings, gay people, even earthquakes. "Believe me, those liberals in California, they deserve all these quakes, trust me, its San Andreases Fault."
What's the difference between Donald Trump and the video game industry? One of them is misrepresented as being something their not. 
Why does Bernie Sanders hate icebergs? Because only the top 1% can stay above water.
Stormy Daniels says Donald Trump paid $130,000 hush money to cover up an affair. Do you believe the bleached blond with big tits? Or do you believe Stormy Daniels?
Donald Trump has had a rough week, getting caught sleeping with a porn star and whatnot. I guess you can say it has been quite... Stormy.
What similarities does Trump share with the Halloween Pumpkin? Other than the obvious, both are orange...  1) They are hollow inside and...  2) ..should be thrown out in November!
When people say Trump is a Russian asset... they mean to say that he was *put in*.
Did you hear about Trump's new scheme? Its unpresidented.
Foreign policy escalates as Trump begins literally taking off the kid gloves. (I guess his hands aren't cold any more)
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a light bulb? We will never know because they’re too busy blaming the liberal media for the light bulb not working or conspiring to plant a faulty bulb. 
It turns out Trump is the first president in 130 years not to bring an animal to the Whitehouse. His PR staff get worried about this with the midterms coming up and have a word.  "You should get a pet Mr President. It would really swing it with the voters"  "But, I don't want to: I don't like animals, don't like them; they smell."  "What about a dog Mr President, just a little dog. 60 million American households have dogs; that's alot of votes.  It's a big house, apart from photo opps the staff would walk it for you, you'd hardly notice."  "No, I hate dogs: they're loud, and noisy, and attention seeking, needy.  That sickens me."  "A cat then Mr President, it's not as good as a dog, but still pretty good, 47 million houses have cats and we could swing them."  "I hate cats, hate them, they're aloof, they stare at me and it makes me feel bad about myself."  "A fish maybe? 12.5..."  "It's OK! I've got a plan. It's great. It's the greatest plan ever. Leave it with me."  So the PR staff forget it until a week later when the security team come and tell them The Donald is acting strangly... Well stranger than usual. He's been getting up every morning and dragging a brass instrument around the Whitehouse grounds with a leather strap. They're very worried about what the press would make of this so the next morning they wait for him and ask him what he's doing with it.  "Oh this? Isn't it obvious? I'm taking it for a walk."  "But why Mr President?"  "Well. I've got to walk it, got to. It's the new Trumpet"
I recently told a joke about how Democrats favor small government, and decreased taxes. It didn't go over very well. Everyone said it was politically incorrect.
Donald Trump was in a dire emergency. Being a responsible citizen I contacted the FBI, Homeland Security, local police, new stations ... but it's been hours, nobody showed up, and Trump succumbed. I'm starting to think I just wasted all those stamps...
Trumps wall is supposedly supposed to keep illegals out of the United States... But unfortunately it's keeping Trump inside the White House as well.
What did Bush used to say to his kids when they refuse to eat? Here comes the airplanes.
Did you hear about the Trump administration's severe treatment of immigrant children and makeshift holding areas? It's in tents.  
The Brazilian ambassador meets with Donald Trump The Brazilian ambassador meets with Donald Trump, and offers him 50 Brazilian soldiers to help with the fight against terrorism. Trump says, “That’s fantastic!"  Later that day Trump calls his Chief of Staff and tells him about the offer of 50 Brazilian soldiers.  The Chief of Staff says, “That’s fantastic!"  Trump says, “Yes, but remind me again, how many is a ‘Brazilian?’"
How do you know if Trump is lying? His lips are moving
Say what you want about Trump’s wall But China has had a great wall for thousands of years and you still don’t see any Mexicans   Edit: Apparently this joke *whooshed* over a lot of people  Edit 2: ITT People who don’t realize it’s a joke about a wall and not the demographics of China
What can Donald Trump and I both agree on? That if Ivanka wasn't Trump's daughter, I would date her.
Did you hear the joke about how Trump was confirmed as a nazi supporter? Sounded about reicht. 
"I'm glad I wasn't raised by Trump" "I'm sure his kids are too."  *Credit: My gf.
So Prez. Trump asks John Bolton..... Trump asks John Bolton after looking over files on N. Korea: How many Walmarts are there in North S***hole? Bolton: No Walmarts, sir, only Targets.
Donald Trump, the Pope, Mark Zuckerberg, and a schoolboy are on a plane... Suddenly, they hit turbulence. The pilot, telling them that the plane is going to crash, grabs a parachute and jumps out of the plane. There are only 3 parachutes left, so Mark Zuckerberg says, "I am worth over 50 billion dollars," and jumps out of the plane. Trump says "I am the smartest man in the world, as well as the president," and jumps out after the pilot and Mark Zuckerberg. Finally, the Pope tells the kid "I have lived a long life, you can take the last parachute." The kid says "We can both grab a parachute, the smartest man in the world took my backpack."
Trump and Obama at a Barber shop Donald Trump and Barack Obama ended up at the same barber shop. As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken.  The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty.  As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel."  The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife, Michelle, doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
What does Trump think about trading with China? It's tariffic. 
What does a trumpet have in common with King Tut? They have the fact that both toot in common
Hillary Clinton died and went to heaven.. As she stood in front of Saint Peter at the Pearly Gates, she saw a huge wall of clocks behind him. She asked, "What are all those clocks?"  Saint Peter answered, "Those are Lie-Clocks. Everyone on Earth has a Lie-Clock. Every time you lie, the hands on your clock will move.  "Oh," said Hillary," whose clock is that?"  "That's Mother Teresa's. The hands have never moved indicating that she never told a lie."  "Whose clock is that?"  "That's Abraham Lincoln's clock. The hands have only moved twice telling us that Abe only told 2 lies in his entire life."  "Where's Bill's clock?" Hillary asked.  "Bill's clock is in Jesus' office. He's using it as a ceiling fan."
What does Donald Trump hair and a thong have in common? They both barely cover the asshole.
why did trump cross the road? because he wanted a real oligarch to pee on him
Robert Mueller goes before Congress.. Rhetorically, he asks “who would be so low that they would sell our country and values for personal profit?”  All of the republicans stand to volunteer.
Donald Trump evicting immigrants Donald Trump is having a dinner with Lee Cissna when Chuck Schumer walks in. Chuck asks: “Hey Trump what is your next ridiculous plan?” Trump answers Chuck: “Lee and I are drawing up new legislation that allows us to evict 10 million immigrants and one farmer!” “ONE FARMER!?” Chuck repeats shocked, “Why one farmer?”. “I TOLD YOU SO!!”, Trump tells Lee, “Nobody cares about those immigrants!”.
What would be Donald Trump's mafia nickname? Donny Small Hands
General Tso...Colonel Sanders... What is it with these high ranking military men making chicken?
Donald Trump recently met with Kim Jong-un "It was very informative. I didn't understand everything this fat and delusive statesman was babbling about but I think I could learn a lot from his cruel camps", Kim Jong-un was quoted.
Why did Donald Trump ban Pakistanis from entering the US? Because Islamabad.
I never understood all the people claiming Obama was the worst president. But, as a programmer,  I now see that it was just an off by one error.
What did Donald Trump get on his SATs? Ketchup
Trump and Kim Jong-un are sitting in a cafe... discussing plans for a peaceful alliance between their countries.    Kim Jong-un says to Trump "I see billboards and posters across America promoting unity and freedom of speech."  Trump replies "I also see billboards across North Korea"   Kim Jong-un asks "What do they say?"  Trump replies "how the hell should I know?! I can't read Korean!"
Trump is a White Supremacists? America did Nazi that one coming.
Why is the key next to the space bar on Trump's keyboard always in pristine condition? Because no matter the circumstances, he'll never put pressure on the alt-right
Hillary Clinton was being driven in a private limo to a rally... when suddenly, the car hit a large and old-looking cow. The driver got out and checked to see if it was dead. After confirming the death, he saw the tag on it that said it belonged to a nearby farm. He told Hillary Clinton that he would be going over to the farm to tell the farmers what happened. About an hour later, he returned. His clothes were messed up, he was covered in lipstick, he had an expensive cigar in his mouth, and in both hands were two full bottles of the most expensive champagne ever. "What happened?", Hillary asked. "When I went to the farm, they eagerly invited me in. Then, the husband gave me this cigar, the wife gave me the wine, and their two daughters gave me the best sex of my life!", the driver said with a huge smile on his face. "What did you say to them?", Hillary asked. "I said, 'I'm Hillary Clinton's driver and I just killed the old cow', and the rest happened so quickly I couldn't do anything!"
Vladamir Putin, Donald Trump, and Kim Jong Un all die and go to hell. While there, they spy a red phone and ask what the phone is for. The devil tells them it's for calling back to Earth.  Putin asks to call Russia and talks for 5 minutes. When he was finished the devil informs him that the cost is a million dollars, so Putin writes him a check. Next Donald Trump calls America and talks for 2 hours. When he was finished the devil informs him that his cost is 6 million dollars, so The Don writes him a check.  Finally Kim Jong Un gets his turn and he's talking to all his friends, his harem, and all his generals for 20 hours. When he was finished the devil informed him that his cost would be $1. When Trump and Putin hear this they go ballistic and ask the devil why Kim Jong Un got to call North Korea for so cheap. The devil replied, "Well, from hell to hell it's local."
What's the hardest part about being a Trump support right now? Getting fired.
If you suck at the trumpet maybe that's why. 
Why did Trump dine and dash? Because he didn't want toupee.
Obama smoked weed growing up, and now look where he is today Unemployed with two kids and recently evicted 
What's Donald Trump's favourite drink? A white Russian.
How does Trump tie his shoes? In little Nazis. 
If President Clinton had a show it would be called... Between two Bushes
Why did Trump rush to Macy's? He heard they had Ivanka's clothes half-off
Donald Trump doesn't believe there were any lynchings during the Civil War. When asked about it, He said it was just a case of Fake Noose
What's the difference between Trump and the Nutella thief? The nutella thief knew what he was doing
What do you call a pet in the White House? A republicat 
A group of democrats and republicans walk into a bar. They're all part of a group returning from a Comic Con. As the bartender pours them drinks, members who support opposing parties start to engage in some friendly banter, until things start getting heated. They argue over different political beliefs and then it turns physical. The huge group start going at each other.  At first, one man who is watching laughs at the situation. Then, he realizes that he is the only rational person in the bar. The formerly uninvolved man moves in to break up the fight, but gets stabbed in the process.  As he recovers at home, a friend comes to visit him. Curious about his situation, he asks how he got injured.   The man who was lying on his bed replies "Well, there were these liberal and conservative radicals who were going at each other and I tried to stop them"  The friend asks "What happened next?  The man replies "Sword by Controvert Show"  ("Sort by controversial" if anyone doesn't get it)
Donald Trump sees a picture... of Ivanka wearing a skin colored onesie.  When he realized this, he was pissed and shouted, "FAKE NUDES!!!"
What can Donald Trump and I both agree on? That if Ivanka wasn't Trump's daughter, I would date her. 
Donald Trump just tweeted he will build a Moon base and be the first person to step foot on the Moon again. I can hear it now... Houston this is Tranquility base the Ego has landed 
Why did the Libertarian fail 5th grade math? They refused to learn the distributive property.
How many Trump spokesmen does it take to change a lightbulb? There is no need to fix the light. Darkness is modern day presidential.
Bill gates, Donald Trump, the Pope, and a boy are on a plane that's about to crash. There are 3 parachutes. Everyone agreed that Bill Gates was very important, and the world wouldn't be the same without him. And so, he grabbed a parachute and jumped out.  Donald Trump said that he was the president of the United States, and he claimed that he was very important and "the smartest president there ever will be", so he jumped out as well.  The Pope said to the boy, "I am old, and my days are almost over. Take the last parachute and jump!"  The boy replied, "It's fine, Donald Trump didn't grab a parachute; he grabbed my backpack."
Trump finds out the world will be struck by a planet killer-sized asteroid. Trump - "*Lets build a Wall!*"
A lot of people keep saying to me Trump cheated the election. Well, honestly we shouldn't be Russian to collusion's. 
Why is Facebook Trump's favourite website? Because it has a wall.
What's for dinner tonight in the White House? A Trump Jr. cheeseburger with Russian dressing. Believe me. This is gonna be huge. My idea. Honestly.
How many donuts are in a Trump's Dozen? 14, because he gets two donuts, and other bakers get one.
White House beer... ...the one draft you don't want to dodge!
President Trump and ex-President Obama go to the Barbershop... They each enter the establishment, and take their seats with different barbers. Neither says a word, and even the barbers dare not speak, fearing that any conversation would soon turn political.  At the end of the service, as each man got ready to leave, Trump's barber offers him the aft**e**rshave.  Trump is quick to stop him: "No thanks, buddy. My wife will smell it and think I've been at a whorehouse".  Obama's barber turns to him and offers the same.  Obama replies: "Go ahead, my wife doesn't know what the inside of a whorehouse smells like".
Donald Trump goes up to Angela Merkel and says, "Hitler was German." Merkel responds, "No, he was an Austrian."  "Wrong. Hitler never used a boomerang nor met a kangaroo."
Donald Trump was using the restroom... ...when Vladmir Putin walked in and began using the urinal beside him.  Naturally, Trump glanced over and saw that Putin had by far the biggest cock he had ever seen.  So he asked him what he did to make it grow so huge and Vlad told him that every night before he goes to bed, he pulls it out and slaps it across the bed post 10 or 12 times. Later that night, before getting in bed with Melania, Trump decided he was going to try it out so he pulled out his junk and started slapping the bed post. After a couple of slaps, Melania rolled over half awake and said: "Vladmir, is that you?"
What is President Trump's favorite baseball team? The LA (Draft) Dodgers.
I went to a Trump rally the other day, and the only thing higher than the average IQ of the crowd... Was the average BMI.
A Donald Trump Joke    Donald Trump meets with the Queen. He asks her, "Your Majesty, how do you run such an efficient government? Are there any tips you can give to me?"  "Well," says the Queen, "the most important thing is to surround yourself with intelligent people."  Trump frowns. "But how do I know the people around me are really intelligent?"  The Queen takes a sip of tea. "Oh, that's easy. You just ask them to answer an intelligence riddle."  The Queen pushes a button on her intercom. "Please send Theresa May in here, would you?"  Theresa May walks into the room. "Yes, your majesty?"  The Queen smiles. "Answer me this, please, Theresa. Your mother and father have a child. It is not your brother and it is not your sister. Who is it?"  Without pausing for a moment, Theresa answers, "That would be me."  "Yes! Very good," says the Queen.  Back at the White House, Trump asks to speak with Vice President Mike Pence.  "Mike, answer this for me. Your mother and father have a child. It's not your brother and it's not your sister. Who is it?"  "I'm not sure," says the Vice President. "Let me get back to you on that one."  Mike Pence goes to his advisers and asks every one, but none can give him an answer. Finally, he ends up in the men's room and recognizes General McMasters' shoes in the next stall.  Mike shouts, "General! Can you answer this for me? Your mother and your father have a child and it's not your brother or your sister. Who is it?  General McMaster yells back, "That's easy. It's me!"  Mike Pence smiles. "Thanks!" and goes back to the Oval Office to speak with Trump.  "Say, I did some research and I have the answer to that riddle. It's General McMaster."  Trump gets up, stomps over to Mike Pence, and angrily yells into his face, "No, you idiot! It's Theresa May!"
What did the anthropomorphic trumpet say when he saw the other anthropomorphic trumpet which was really attractive and aroused him? I'm horny
What does Donald Trump's hair and a thong have in common? They both barely cover the asshole.   EDIT: I was not aware of the r/awardspeechedits sub,lol
Donald Trump should be cast in an X-Men movie Seems his secret superpower is making vast amount of wealth disappear
What did the twenty something pro choice, vegan, Democrat, environmentalist say to the forty year old pro-life, redmeat eating, Republican, climate denier while in line at the bank? "Oh, you first I think you are ahead of me"  To which he replied, " Thanks miss, have a good day."
If Ted Cruz loses, senators will throw a bipartisan going-away party. Ted Cruz will be the only senator not invited.
Looks like Trump is keeping up Michelle's ideals of getting America fit again. One day in office and he has thousands of people getting up and going out for walks on this beautiful Saturday morning.
Liberals are acting like Trump is going to kill all the gays, make slavery legal again, and take away women's rights.... Like he's a Muslim or something.
If you suck at playing trumpet...     That’s probably why. 
Steve Jobs would have made a better president than Donald Trump... But that's comparing apples to oranges.
A Donald Trump Joke Disclaimer! I did not write this joke, I merely found it on the internet and wanted to share it to everyone. Please comment down the original owner if you know who it is, because he deserves all the credits.  Donald Trump meets with the Queen. He asks her, "Your Majesty, how do you run such an efficient government? Are there any tips you can give to me?" "Well," says the Queen, "the most important thing is to surround yourself with intelligent people." Trump frowns. "But how do I know the people around me are really intelligent?" The Queen takes a sip of tea. "Oh, that's easy. You just ask them to answer an intelligence riddle." The Queen pushes a button on her intercom. "Please send Theresa May in here, would you?" Theresa May walks into the room. "Yes, your majesty?" The Queen smiles. "Answer me this, please, Theresa. Your mother and father have a child. It is not your brother and it is not your sister. Who is it?" Without pausing for a moment, Theresa answers, "That would be me." "Yes! Very good," says the Queen. Back at the White House, Trump asks to speak with Vice President Mike Pence. "Mike, answer this for me. Your mother and father have a child. It's not your brother and it's not your sister. Who is it?" "I'm not sure," says the Vice President. "Let me get back to you on that one." Mike Pence goes to his advisers and asks every one, but none can give him an answer. Finally, he ends up in the men's room and recognizes General McMasters' shoes in the next stall. Mike shouts, "General! Can you answer this for me? Your mother and your father have a child and it's not your brother or your sister. Who is it? General McMaster yells back, "That's easy. It's me!" Mike Pence smiles. "Thanks!" and goes back to the Oval Office to speak with Trump. "Say, I did some research and I have the answer to that riddle. It's General McMaster." Trump gets up, stomps over to Mike Pence, and angrily yells into his face, "No, you idiot! It's Theresa May!"
So I heard Trump traveled to south Korea with 2 Planes One for him and american reporters, and other for his balls.
What's the difference between Trump and a pig? I like bacon!
What is Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable? Barackoli
What did Trump say to Mueller? Stop Russian to conclusions. 
Trump: "Kim! Why are you sending NUKES?" "I said send NUDES"
Why does every state have 2 senators? So that one can be the designated driver.  (overheard an old man at a garage sale telling this).  
The birds fighting outside remind me of Donald Trump... No matter how angry they get, the most they can muster is angry sounding tweets.
Trump's stance on trans military members confuses me I mean, couldn't we use more attack helicopters anyway?
What does President Trump do when his dishwasher stops working? He deports him!
I'm enjoying the new Trump TV series, The apprentice: U.S.A 
Abraham Lincoln could never call himself a republican today. Because he was murdered while watching a play in 1865.
If the United States put Trump on Mount Rushmore, It'll be "huge".
I thought up a good band name last night. Hillary and the Emails. Would be HYUUUGE in 48% of the US.
Obama care provides birth control For Peter’s sake
A Democrat Walks Into A Bar Dem: Hello bartender, what’s the most popular drink?  Bartender: The “Russian Collusion.” It’s on special.  Dem: Okay, I’ll have one of those!  *The bartender walks back with a huge glass and sets it on the counter*  Bartender: Here you go! Fresh from the brewery. Now, I must go take care of some other customers. Have a good night!  Dem *yelling at him from afar*: AREN’T YOU GOING TO FILL MY GLASS?
George Bush meets with the Queen of England during his first diplomatic trip to England. Impressed by the way her government functions, he asks her during their meal : “Your Majesty, how do you run such an efficient government? Are there any tips you can give me?”  “Well,” says the Queen, “the most important thing is to surround yourself with intelligent people.”  Bush frowns. “But how do I know the people around me are really intelligent?”  The Queen takes a sip of tea. “Oh, well that’s easy. You just ask them to answer a riddle.“ The Queen pushes a button on her intercom. “Please send Tony Blair in here, would you?”  Tony Blair promptly walks into the room. “Yes, my Queen?”  The Queen smiles. “Answer me this, please, Tony. Your mother and father have a child. It is not your brother and it is not your sister. Who is it?”  Without pausing for a moment, Tony Blair answers, “That would be me.”  “Yes! Very good,” says the Queen.     Very impressed by this performance, Bush flies home excited to try it out on his people. As soon as the plane touches down, he calls Dick Cheney, his vice president, and asks him the same question : “Dick, answer this for me. Your mother and your father have a child. It’s not your brother and it’s not your sister. Who is it?”  “I’m not sure” says Cheney, perplexed. “let me get back to you on that one.”  Cheney goes to his advisors and asks everyone, but none can give him an answer. Finally, he ends up in the men’s room and recognizes Colin Powell’s shoes in the next stall. Cheney shouts “Colin! Can you answer this for me? Your mother and father have a child and it’s not your brother or your sister. Who is it?”  Colin Powell yells back, “That’s easy. It’s me!”  Cheney smiles, and says, “Thanks!” Then, Cheney goes back to speak with Bush. “Say, I did some research and I have the answer to that riddle : it’s Colin Powell.”  Bush gets up, stomps over to Cheney and angrily yells into his face, “No, you damn idiot! It’s Tony Blair!”
What does Donald Trump call Daenerys ever since John told her that he is a Targaryen, the true heir to the Iron Throne? Doubting Dany.
If Michelle Obama was Barack Obama’s sister where would they live? Al-Obama
What did Trump's aides say when he was worried about the NK Summit? Have you tried turning it off and on again?
An American tells a Russia that the United States is so free that he can stand in front of the White House and yell "To hell with Ronald Reagan." The Russian replies: 'That's nothing, I can stand in front of the Kremlin and yell "To hell with Ronald Reagan too!"
If CNN released photos of Stormy Daniels &amp; Trump Do you know what he'd call them?    Fake Nudes.
Donald Trump and Barack Obama ended up at the same barbershop.  As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty. As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife, Michelle, doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
Why does Donald Trump want to build a wall? To prevent all of the people who said they’d leave the country if he were elected president from leaving.
Will Donald Trump take a credit for the Washington Capitals Stanley Cup victory this season? You mean the Trump Cup?
What song does Donald Trump play when he meets Mahmoud Abbas? It's all about the Benjamin. 
Allegedly Trump gave Russians intelligence "   I wonder how much he had in the first place and how much he is left with.
How was Russia able to film Trump's hotel room in Moscow without the US knowing? Piss\-poor planning. 
Donald Trump, Wladimir Putin and Angela Merkel are standing on a beach. In the sea in front of them, three submarines are anchored.   Donald Trump points to the one on the left and says proudly: "This is our greatest submarine, capable of operating world-wide for a year."  Putin chuckles a bit while Merkel remains silent. The Russian leader then points to the larger boat in the middle and proclaims: "This is the best boat of the motherland blyat. It operates for two years without refueling"  Trump grumbles and Merkel blushes. Embarrased, she points at a rusty boat lingering in the waves, but before she can speak, a fourth submarine emerges from the sea, a man appears on its bridge and while doing a floppy salute, he yells in German: "Heil Hitler, we need more fuel!"  Disclaimer: I'm no nazi, chill.
Things have gotten so bad in The US that during the last parade they surrounded Donald Trump with bullet proof glass. Just because he's a White guy with mental health issues doesn't mean he's gonna start shooting up the crowd
Halloween is easy for Donald Trump... He’s already a clown the other 364 days out of the year. 
What genre would Trump's autobiography be filed under? Fan fiction.
What's the difference between Trump and God? God doesn't think he's Trump.
Was Hillary more angry when she lost Or when Donald texted her. 
On his deathbed, a lifelong Republican told his best friend that he was switching parties and becoming a Democrat. “My God,” his friend replied, “why would you do such a thing?”  “Simple,” the man muttered in his last breath, “because I’d rather one of them die than one of us.”
Donald Trump arrives in Paris on a state visit At the Bois de Boulogne, he and French President Emmanuel Macron get into an open carriage for an afternoon ride around the park.  Suddenly, one of the horses pulling the carriage lets out a tremendous, yuge fart, and the resulting stench drifts backwards into the faces of the occupants of the carriage, who hold their noses.  After the smell passes, Donald Trump says rather smugly; "Well, I guess there's some things even a young, sexy president can't control!"  Macron nods, replying; "Thank you, Monsieur le President, for your honesty; until you owned up I thought it was the horse."
Why did Donald Trump win 2016 election? Because "Deez Nuts" isn't a valid candidate.
What do you call 25 Mike Pence clones in a room with Donald Trump?   ... Quarter pounder with cheese.   (Think British currency here)
I think Trump should stop using the term fake news. And he should start calling it Trump fan fiction. 
The Republicans keep saying we need more Jesus in our country. So why they want to build a wall to keep them all out?
George Bush was visiting the queen of England... when he asked her "I must say, you run a real tight ship over here, would you mind telling me some of your secrets or advice?".  The queen said "sure, its quite simple, I surround myself with smart people, for example, watch this". She then calls upon Tony Blair. "Tony, I have a simple question, if you mother has a child and your father has a child, and it's not your brother or sister, then who is it?"  Tony Blair thinks for a moment and responds "Well it would be me"  "Correct. Thank you very much Tony" says the queen.  Bush says "Ahh, you know, that's real clever, I might have to try that on some of my cabinet members. Thank you very much"  Bush is now back home in the U.S and calls Donald Rumsfeld to his office.  "Donald, I have a question for you. If your mother has a child and your father has a child and it's not your brother or sister, who is it?"  Donald thinks long and hard and says "You know George, I'm not sure, but I'll give you an answer by tomorrow"  Bush agrees and lets Donald go.  Donald then gathers up the cabinet and asks them the question. Nobody knows the answer, and after many failed attempts somone speaks up and says "I know! lets ask Colin Powell! He's a smart man, he should know". So they call up Colin Powell.  They ask him, "Colin, we have an important question for you... if your mother has a child and your father has a child and it's not your brother or sister, who is it?"  "You bunch of morons, it would be myself!" says Colin Powell.  "Ahhh!! We get it now!" says the members of the cabinet.  The next day Donald Rumsfeld approaches the president.  "Sir, I believe I have the answer to that question you asked me the other day." says Donald.  "Well ok, Donald, what is the answer?"  "Colin Powell!" says Rumsfeld  Bush looks at him for a second and gets up and yells "No you god damn idiot, it's Tony Blair!" 
Trump wakes up, goes to the garden and starts picking up random rocks... He picks a rock, carefuly examines it from from all sides, puts it back and then goes to find another one. After this has been going on for a couple of days, his cabinet starts to get nervous, so Pence calls Putin to see if he can help them.  "Hey Vlad! It's Mike. Listen, we have a little problem..."  He describes the situation and Putin promises to look into it. After a few minutes Putin calls back.  "He should be fine now. It was our fault, sorry. We accidentally sent him instructions meant for our lunar lander."
Donald Trump, Enrique Peña Nieto and Vladimir puttin are travelling in a helicopter for a top secret meeting when Suddenly Vladimir Putin throws his beautiful secretary out of the helicopter.  Others:- Why did you do that?  Vladimir Putin :- too many beautiful women in our country  Then,Enrique Peña Nieto throws his tequila out  Others :- Why?  Enrique Peña Nieto :- Too much tequila in our country.  Donald Trump being anxious, throws Enrique Peña Nieto and exclaims"Too many Mexicans!"
Did you hear that NYC paid Hillary Clinton $2,000,000 as a consultant for New Years Eve? They wanted an expert on dropping the ball at the last second.
Why is Trump so reluctant to use a Mexican construction company to build the wall to save a few bucks? Because they are all his panics. 
Donald Trump and Barack Obama ended up at the same barber shop. As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty. As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife, Michelle, doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
Obama, Oprah, Trump and a little girl are on a plane. The engines fail... ... the pilots have already parachuted out the plane. The four mentioned are the only ones remaining on the plane. But there are only three parachutes.   Oprah quickly steps forward and says to the little girl; "I'm taking a parachute. I'll build a school for girls in your honour, it'll benefit thousands of little girls like you." She jumped out.   Trump clumsily boulders forward "Give me a parachute! Unless you hadn't noticed I'm the president of the goddamn United States!" He jumps out the plane.   Obama looks at the little girl; "Children are our future. You should have the last parachute."  Little girl replies; "No, we're good, there are two parachutes remaining. Trump took my school bag."  
Why is Donald Trump so angry at Deadpool? Because Deadpool broke the fourth wall before Trump had a chance to finish building it.
Barack Obama was America's first black president And Donald Trump is the second.   Because orange is the new black.
President Trump and Pope Francis on a cruise President Trump and Pope Francis happen to run into each other while on an international cruise. It was quite a windy day out of the sea when the Popes hat flew off the ship and into the sea. President Trump immediately climbs overboard to fetch the Popes hat. In astonishment, the Pope looks overboard to see what just happened. He cannot believe what he sees. President Trump is not swimming, but walking on the water over to his hat. President Trump comes back to the Pope with the hat while he remained dry.    The media the next day came out with the following headline...  BREAKING NEWS: PRESIDENT TRUMP CAN NOT SWIM
It was a wonderful morning and Trump stepped out .. Of the White House to feel the warm sunshine on his face. He noticed something written on the wall and moved closer. There it was, someone had pissed the words, "Trump Sucks" on the garden wall. Furious, Trump called up the CIA, NSA, EPA, the DC police and demanded that the culprit be found and brought to swift justice at no expense spared.  USA's finest wanted no time. By the afternoon,  they had an answer and called a meeting at the oval office to discuss results. MR. President, we have good news and bad news. The good news is that through DNA analysis, we have determined that the urine belongs to Joe Biden. Trump was ecstatic, jumping up and down on the oval office chair like a lil orange buffoon. He reached out to his phone to Tweet away any chance Biden had in 2020. The secret service snatched the phone away from. Sir, you have to listen to the full report. Trump said,  whatevaa whatevaa, nothing can be bad when I got proof that Biden is a garden pisser, but anywho, what is the bad news?  Mr. President, the handwriting is Melania's.
Donald Trump is actually a socialist He gave away over $1,000,000,000 of his wealth to other people.   What a great guy!
Donald Trump meets with the Queen. He asks her, "Your Majesty, how do you run such an efficient government? Are there any tips you can give to me?"  "Well," says the Queen, "the most important thing is to surround yourself with intelligent people."  Trump frowns. "But how do I know the people around me are really intelligent?"  The Queen takes a sip of tea. "Oh, that's easy. You just ask them to answer an intelligence riddle."  The Queen pushes a button on her intercom. "Please send Theresa May in here, would you?"  Theresa May walks into the room. "Yes, your majesty?"  The Queen smiles. "Answer me this, please, Theresa. Your mother and father have a child. It is not your brother and it is not your sister. Who is it?"  Without pausing for a moment, Theresa answers, "That would be me."  "Yes! Very good," says the Queen.  Back at the White House, Trump asks to speak with Vice President Mike Pence.  "Mike, answer this for me. Your mother and father have a child. It's not your brother and it's not your sister. Who is it?"  "I'm not sure," says the Vice President. "Let me get back to you on that one."  Mike Pence goes to his advisers and asks every one, but none can give him an answer. Finally, he ends up in the men's room and recognizes General McMasters' shoes in the next stall.  Mike shouts, "General! Can you answer this for me? Your mother and your father have a child and it's not your brother or your sister. Who is it?  General McMaster yells back, "That's easy. It's me!"  Mike Pence smiles. "Thanks!" and goes back to the Oval Office to speak with Trump.  "Say, I did some research and I have the answer to that riddle. It's General McMaster."  Trump gets up, stomps over to Mike Pence, and angrily yells into his face, "No, you idiot! It's Theresa May!"
It’s no wonder why Trump wanted the presidency so bad... It’s his first job in awhile with a steady income, healthcare, and a guaranteed retirement fund.
President Obama and President Trump are sitting next to each other in a plane While not the best friends they still seem to be kind to each other. Trump sits at the window, the middle seat is empty. Obama made himself comfortable and took his shoes off.    While talking Trump get's a little thirsty and Obama offers to get him a coke. He leaves his seat and Trump immediately takes his shoes and spits into them.    Obama comes back with the coke and they continue chatting. Later before the plane lands Obama puts his shoes back on and immediately realizes what Trump did.     With a sad face he says: "I wonder when we will stop being mean to each other with all the insults, spitting in the shoes or pissing in the coke."
I think if Steve Jobs was alive he would be a better president than Donald Trump But then again that’s like comparing apples to oranges
Why didn’t Monica Lewinsky vote for Hillary? The last Clinton presidency left a bad taste in her mouth.
Will Trump resign? No but Theresa May
Trump, Merkel and Putin are kidnapped by ISIS terrorists Trump, Merkel and Putin are kidnapped by ISIS terrorists during an international summit. They are bundled into a vehicle and driven to a remote location where the chief terrorist tells them that they will be executed by firing squad for opposing the Caliphate. First, Putin will be shot, then Merkel and finally Trump. Their executions will be filmed for propaganda purposes.  Putin remains calm and whispers to the others “Don’t worry- I’m ex-KGB so I’m trained to handle situations like this. Just follow my lead.” Putin is led in front of the firing squad and just as they are about to shoot, he pretends to panic and shouts out “FLOOD!” While the startled terrorists are looking around for the flood, Putin quickly runs off and escapes.  “Did you see what Putin did?” explains Merkel to Trump, “He…”  Trump interrupts, “Yeah. Waddaya think I am, stupid or something? I’m a genius. A very stable genius.” Next, Merkel is led out to her execution. At the critical moment, she yells out “TORNADO!” and makes her getaway in the resulting confusion. Finally it is Trump’s turn. He is taken in front of his executioners, a smug grin on his face. As they level their guns at him, he shouts “FIRE!”
Trump tries to avoid the wind, not because of his hair... But because of the draft.
Democrat Wow! I just discovered my mother voted Democrat for the first time.    That never would have happened if she were still living.
How do you get Bill Clinton to screw in a lightbulb? Tell him the lightbulb is an intern. 
Trump Advisor: "You should't have called Putin to congratulate him on winning a sham election...." Trump: "Why not? He called to congratulate me!"
What did the Mexicans say when they heard Trump was building a wall? We’ll get over it. 
John Bolton and President Trump are meeting in the White House Bolton reads off a report to Trump and says "Today, in the war on drugs we lost 2 Brazilian soldiers."    Donald breaks down crying, sobbing uncontrollably.    John Bolton cringes and says "There's no reason to be upset, this isn't a big deal."  Donald replies, "Wait, remind me... How many is a brazilian?"
You know what Donald Trump's favorite gym exercise is? It isnt the snatch and grab, it's the grab a snatch.
White House staffer: "Seriously, Mister President, do you want to be hung in effigy?" Trump:  "G... no, no.. F.  Final answer."
Bush, Clinton, Trump, and Obama decided to have a race. Trump went first. His time was 9 minutes and 50 seconds. Obama did a bit better. He finished the race in 9 minutes and 45 seconds. Clinton came in 9 minutes and 24 seconds. And Bush did 9:11.
What's the difference between Trump and Bill Clinton? Trump paid her $130k, Bill didn't even pay for dry-cleaning
What is the difference between Clinton and Putin? Putin can win a rigged election.
In which month does Trump less silliness? In February, because it has only 28 days.
We have a problem in the White House... A reptile dysfunction.
What’s the difference between 9/11 &amp; that summer I worked as a roofer? 9/11 was an inside job
Trump, Putin, Xi Jinping, and Prince Muhammad Bin Salman are all on AF-1. Trump- You know, I could throw a billion dollars out the window and many would like it.   Putin- I could throw a nation's wealth out the window and millions would like it.   Xi- I could throw America's wealth out the window and billions would like it.   MBS- I could throw the world's wealth and everyone would like it... But that's just silly.   *All chuckle*   Pilot to copilot- You know, I have four people on this plane. If I… 
Hillary Clinton has announced that she will be running for the oval office next year and released a campaign slogan that reads "Hindsight is 2020" This time, she says, you might remember to vote.
Bill Gates has agreed to pay for Trump's wall! If he gets to install Windows
President Trump said "No politician in history — and I say this with great surety — has been treated worse or more unfairly." I guess the 6 Presidents who were shot no longer count      *edit had 4 in post originally
My friend claims that Trump is singlehandedly bringing down America, but I disagree. With hands that small, he probably has to use them both.
What’s Donald Trumps favourite form of contraception? The pull out method.
What's the difference between Flea and Trump? One's a Rich-ass Bassist....
Why doesn't Trump use protection? Because he's the master of pulling out!
Honestly, im glad Trump became president, crime dropped his first day on the job. Real estate fraud worldwide hit new lows within 24 hours
What is Donald Trump’s favorite animal? A Wall-Rus  Get it? Get it? A walrus. Ok I’m worried I’m gonna get downvoted but gotta give it a shot ��
What is Donald Trump’s strongest golf move? Puttin’
Contrary to popular opinion, Trump is often the smartest man in the room. Of course that's when he is the only man in the room
What did Donald Trump get on his SATs? Ketchup
Trump asks for quotes... ... for building the wall. First he goes to a Mexican company. They do the calculations of material and labour and answer him that they will do it for 10 billion dollars. Second he goes to an American company which answers him they will build it for 20 billion dollars. Ofcourse it will be much bigger and stronger than the wall of the Mexican company, they CEO adds. Finaly Trump goes to a Russian company. They make a quick count and gives him the price. 30 billion for the wall. "That's the worst deal so far!" Trump exclaims. "Not at all mjister Trumpt, you see, 10 billion for you, 10 billion for me, and 10 billion for the Mexicans to do it."
Donald Trump is a war hero He was shot down in Hanoi
Trump can now claim he’s a Vietnam vet ...since  he was shot down by North Korea  in Hanoi
During a quiet moment at a White House dinner, Melania Trump leaned over to chat with Secretary of State, Tillerson. "I bought Donald a parrot for his birthday. That bird is so smart, Donald has already taught him to say more than two hundred words!"   “Wow, that’s impressive," said Tillerson, "but, you do realize he just speaks the words. He doesn't really understand what they all mean.”  "Oh, I know", replied Melania, “but neither does the parrot."
Donald Trump started a curfew in cities across America. It was very simple; any citizens outside after 11pm will be shot.  So the police went out and patrolled the streets at 10:30pm to make sure everyone was on their way home.  Two police officers see a man running. He yells across the street to them “I’m going home, I’m going now!”  The second officer pulls out his gun and shoots him dead.  The first officer says “What the hell did you do that for?! It’s only 10:50! Curfew isn’t until 11:00!”  The second officer replied “Yeah I know, but I know where he lives; he’d never have made it home in time.”
The Supreme Court ruled there cannot be a Nativity Scene on Capitol Hill. This isn't for any religious reason. They just haven’t been able to find Three Wise Men in DC.   A search for a virgin was also fruitless. There was no problem, however, finding enough asses to fill the stable.
Trump and Obama are taking a jog... Trump and Obama are taking a jog around the White House. When they finish, they look at the time on their stopwatches.  "Phew, just under 10 minutes!" Says Obama.  Trump says - "shame, Bush managed to do 9:11"
Why will the congress never impeach Trump? Because the republicans always insist on carrying a baby to full term.
Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and Kim jong un were driving down the road... Donald was driving , Barack was in the passenger seat ,and Kim Jong Un  was riding in the back seat.  Trump was  going 90 miles an hour in a 60 MPH zone.  Trump notices in the rear view mirror a cop was pulling them over.  “I’m gonna need to see your license and registration” said the officer to Donald Trump.  Please don’t give me a ticket!! Pleaded president Trump  My legacy is on the line I can’t get a speeding ticket it’s unpresidential!  Trump said sternly to the officer.  “Ok” I’ll tell ya what!  Said the officer.. “My dick is 25 inches long.. if all of your dicks put together are 25 inches or longer I’ll let you go without a ticket and let you gentleman be on your way”  The officer took out a ruler and measured Trump first -  “12 inches” I’ll be damned..  Next was Barack’s turn.. the officer takes out a ruler.. “12 inches on the dot “ the officer said with a nervous look on his face..   Donald , Barack , and the officer all looked at Kim with a puzzled but confident look  knowing it may make or break the deal..  “Alright Mr. Kim Jong Un.. let’s see what ya got”  Kim pulls his pants down as the officer got the ruler ready. “Well I’ll be damned” 1 inch on the dot ! Looks like you gentleman passed the test I’ll let you boys be on your way now”  said the officer.  2 minutes passed and trump and Barack couldn’t help notice a giant smirk on Kim Jong Un”s face as they heard a silent chuckle.  “What’s so funny?” Said Barack and The Don to Kim sitting in the back.  Kim looks at them with the fattest grin  and wipes the sweat off his forehead..  “THANK GOD I WAS HAVING A BONER!!!”
President Trump shouldn't feel so bad about not being Time's person of the year After all, he did finish right behind them.
What does Donald Trump have in common with farmers? They both get off on de' tractors.
Trump doesn’t need to build the wall Just move Congress to the border, they’ll never let anything through.
People are saying Donald Trump is wearing dentures after he was slurring his speech yesterday. I think this calls for a molar investigation.
what's the difference between Pinocchio and Donald Trump? even a moron can tell that Pinocchio is lying    
On the night of his inauguration, Trump is visited by three ghosts. Early in the night, FDR appears. When Trump asks him how he can make America great, FDR replies “Think only of the people; do not make laws based on hatred, bigotry, or with the thought of lining your own pockets.” Trump’s face sours, and he yells “FAKE NEWS!”  A few hours later, he is awakened by George Washington’s ghost. Trump asks “how can I make America great again?” Washington replies “I would suggest you never tell a lie”, which infuriates Trump.  Around three in the morning, he is visited by the ghost of Abraham Lincoln. Again, he asks “how can I make America great again?”. Lincoln responds, “go to the theater.” 
You can’t really blame Donald Trump for not believing in Global Warming He’s permanently surrounded by snowflakes.
Why does Trump write his tweets in uppercase? Because he likes capitalism.
Trump's brain got two sides on the left side there is nothing right, on the right side there is nothing left
Why does Donald Trump prefer Russian forests over US National Parks? Trees son
What's Donald Trump's favorite Christmas song? I'm dreaming of a white Christmas ♫
Trump and cults are one of the same one figurehead that people fearfully warship with no end in sight.
What kind of retirement plan do Trump employees get? A 401(KKK).
Why is Donald Trump so good at video games? Because he has walls.
Trump can't be impeached... ...but he can be imoranged.
Where do Americans store their oranges? In the White House 
Trump is out of the country? Build the wall! Quickly! 
Why did Donald Trump drain the swamp? So he could hire what was on the bottom.
Why did Trump visit the Middle East? He was getting bored so he decided to go to some Golf States. 
What did the princess of the Mushroom Kingdom say to Trump? Im Peach
I'm so mad about everyone being against Trump. He's so misunderstood...He's just a human being who wants to be loved.... by his Daughter.
The presidential limousine pulls up to Air Force One. Donald Trump steps out with a baby boar tucked under each arm. As he’s about to board the plane, a secret service agent stops him and asks “Sir, forgive my intrusion, but what’s with the boars?”  Donald motions to one and says “I got this one for Eric,” he motions to the other, “and I got this one for Don Jr.”  The secret service agent nods in approval and says “Excellent trade, sir.”
Two members of Congress, one Democrat and one Republican, die on the same day. Two members of Congress, one Democrat and one Republican, die on the same day.  They arrive at the pearly gates and see St. Peter.  The Democrat goes first.    "It says here that you were a politician," St. Peter says, looking at his notes.  "Tell me, what good things did you do?"  "I implemented social programs like free education, health care and welfare, to serve the people I represented," the Democrat replies.   "Who did these programs benefit?" St. Peter asks.   "Primarily the poor," was the reply from the Democrat.   "Excellent," said St. Peter.  "Follow this angel up these stairs to heaven."  The Republican goes next.  St. Peter asks the same question.  "It says here that you were a politician.  Tell me, what good things did you do?"  The Republican answers, "I implemented tax cuts and relaxed regulations to stimulate the economy and make my people more prosperous."  "Who did these programs benefit?" St. Peter asks.   "Well," said the Republican. "The tax cuts were targeted toward the rich, who would then invest the extra money into their businesses, creating more jobs and helping the poor."    "Excellent," said St. Peter.  "Follow this angel down those stairs to hell."  "But why!" protests the Republican.  "Why should I go to hell?"  "Oh, it's not that bad," St. Peter says.  "Just like the economy on earth, the economy up here is all interconnected.  Heaven is up those stairs and hell is directly below.  People from the two floors are allowed to do business with each other.  So even though the Lord spends most of his resources in heaven, the benefits of this spending will trickle down to you."
What is the difference between a bank robbery and Donald Trump? Robbing a bank is a cunning stunt...
Why are Trump supporters so good at Magic Eye images? Because the instructions say to cross your eyes and move backward.
What did the Buddhist Indian man say to the Trump Supporter when he told him to go back to his own filthy country? Namaste
America elected Donald Trump as its President... Damn it, i fucked up and led with the punchline.
A Mexican, a Democratic, a Republican, and a Canadian are in a plane... The plane was loaded with too much cargo, so it is dangerously heavy and about to drop out of the air. Because of this, the pilot asks everybody in the plane to find a barrel's worth of cargo to throw out of the side of the plane.  The Mexican takes barrel of beans, and says "we have too many of these in our country!" He then proceeds to throw them off the side of the plane. The plane does not move., and the Canadian picks out his barrel.  The Canadian takes a barrel of ice, and says "We have too many of this in our country!" This time, the plane still does not change in altitude.  The Republican grabs ahold of a barrel of steak and says: "we have too many of these in our country!" The plane shudders, but dips down once again.  By now the pilot is very scared.  The Democratic reaches for a barrel before changing his mind. He looks outside and decides : He shoves the Republican out the open door. "We have too many of these in our country!!" Suddenly, the plane lurches upward and goes higher than ever before.  This is not meant to be offensive. Somebody downvoted, so know that.
Someone threw a beer at Trump at Indianapolis NRA convention. He's fine. It was a draft so he dodged it perfectly.
There is a basketball court on the top floor of the Supreme Court building It’s the highest court in the land.
Trump said... Trump said in his campaign that if I voted for Clinton, I would be stuck with a criminal president under constant federal investigation from day one.  Turns out, he was right. I voted for Clinton and I'm stuck with a criminal president under federal investigation from day one.  This isn't my joke, but I never saw it on Reddit before. I don't know the source.
Trump says to Melania.. "I really love the White House, it's surprisingly modern. When I get up to use the bathroom at night, the light comes on automatically. Then, when I'm done it turns back off."  Melania replied "uhh, Pumpkin.. I think you've been using the refrigerator again."
What did Trump say to Pence when he bumped into him in the hallway? "Pardon me"
Obama, Trump, and Hillary stand in front of God at the gates of Heaven. God turns to Trump.  "Who do you think you are?" Trump straightens up and says, "I know I am Donald Trump and I think I am the president of the United States." God nods.  "Take a seat to the right of me."  He turns to Obama.  "Who do you think you are?" Obama looks God in the eye. "I know I am Barack Obama and I think I was the former president of the United States." God nods again.  "Take a seat to the left of me."  Finally, God turns to Hillary.  "Who do you think you are?" Hillary smiles.  "I know I am Hillary Rodham Clinton," she says, and, pointing at the seat God's in, "and I think that's my seat." 
So many shoes have dropped on this Trump-Russia thing.... I feel like I'm at the Auschwitz memorial
Trump just announced that Trans-Genders can't serve in the Army.... ...That's what the Marines are for
Why did Donald Trump decide not to build The Wall and just take a Xanax instead? Because it's a cheaper and faster cure for hispanic attacks. 
Newly leaked documents from the Whitehouse show the results of Donald Trumps IQ test. It came back negative.
why are the new york jets like Hillary Clinton? both have Bills to push around
What do you call a crocodile in Egypt that’s a Hillary Clinton supporter? In de-Nile
How was Bill Clinton able to maintain a steady surplus during his presidency? He had a great Al Gore rhythm.
Why did Dick Cheney only have sex with 2 out of every 11 women that walked in the White House? Because Bush did 9/11.
whats the only thing thicker than trump's skull? an officer's arm around alton sterling's neck 
President Trump bumped into Mike Pence in a White House hallway this morning... Trump said "Pardon me."
Nearly every Sunday the extended Trump clan gathers for a family dinner. After a particularly large meal, as he was pushing his chair back from the table, Donald Jr. let out a loud, unexpected burp. "Pardon me," he muttered with embarrassment. "My pleasure! Consider it Done!" Shouted his father.
What's the difference between Harley Quinn and Donald Trump? Harley Quinn says puddin,  Donald Trump says Putin
What is Donald Trump's favorite kind of shower? Golden
Trump and Putin... ...get cryogenically frozen after their respective deaths, and are re-woken 200 years later.    They decide to take a walk through the city together. Suddenly, Putin stops and bursts out laughing, pointing at the headline at a newsstand: "USA in worst financial crisis in history"    They walk on through the futuristic city, when Putin once again bursts out into laughter pointing at the headline of another newsstand: "EU votes against fourth humanisitic intervention in US-Crisis"    Trump is pretty downcast. They decide to finish their walk, when suddenly it is Trump who is crying from laughter pointing at yet another newsstand: "Skirmishes at German-Chinese border continue"
The Lord comes to Donald Trump and tells him he will be spared in the second Great Flood. "Noah has returned to earth to again build an ark. Two of each animal shall board, and I have also instructed him to take men and women that represent the beautiful diversity of the human race. Donald, you are one of the chosen."    Donald congratulates God for making such a great choice--even if it was obvious--and agrees to board the ark.    The day of the Great Flood arrives, and Donald steps onto the boat. He is shocked to find the Obamas.    "But you're a Muslim!" Donald moans. Barack gently laughs, "I always told you I was a Christian. And now I've been chosen by God to represent blacks in the new world."    Fuming, Donald begins to question God's plan. But as he considers suing the almighty, a sight even more terrible meets his eyes: The Clintons.    "Hey, Donnie!" Bill says, shaking his hand. "I see you still have that weak handshake." Hillary cackles at her husband, "Putin didn't mind shaking it at all!"      Trump suddenly feels faint. "But if you're here to represent whites, then why am I here?"    Just then Noah appears with a clipboard and glasses dangling on his nose. "Has anyone seen my red heads?"    Donald feels his arm nearly ripped off as it is raised triumphantly into the air by Kathy Griffin. "Hereeee we aaaaarrrreeee!!!"  
I can't blame Trump Jr. for meeting with the Russians... If I were him I would want to be adopted too.
Arguing with a Trump-supporter is like playing chess with a pigeon.....No matter how good you are the bird shits on the board and struts around like he won anyway.
Donald Trump goes into a restaurant and orders a pizza... The waiter asks him "Do you want it cut up into 12 slices or 24 slices" .   Trump says "Make it 12 slices,  I don't think I could finish 24 slices ". 
The waitress comes to take trump's order Looking up from his menu, he says:   'Hey pretty girl, I want a quickie.'  The fat businessmen stop chewing. The secret service stare. The waitress drops her notepad, turns bright red, and screams   'You disgusting [slap] orange-skinned, dim-witted [splash] pervert [smash]. How fucking dare you talk to me like that!'  And runs from the restaurant.  The particularly befuddled, wine-soaked man child turns to his advisor, and asks 'What the fuck did I do to deserve that?'  ''Quiche', Sir. It's pronounced 'quiche'.'
Instead of Traveling to Oz, the Tin Man, the Lion, and The Scarecrow should run for Congress As they lack a heart, mind, and courage
An inconsiderate Canadian, reasonable feminist, and democratic Trump supporter walk into a bar. Welcome to your imagination.
Why does Donald Trump hate immigration? I thought immigration was the sincerest form of flattery.
I sexually identify as half Democrat and half Republican I'm bipartisan 
Trump actually likes one part of the new book "Fire and Fury" It's Chapter 11!
Communists and Trump supporters really aren't all that different... They both want a world with no class.
Donald Trump invites Obama, George W Bush and Bill Clinton to Mar-a-Lago for a President's weekend. They decide to play volleyball, Democrats vs Republicans. As they walk to the court, Bush asks Trump, "I gotta ask, why didn't you release your tax returns?" Trump replied, "Well, I was going to eventually, but as the public became more demanding I felt like caving in to that kind of pressure would make me look weak, and **I didn't want to set a bad precedent**."  At some point, the ball comes to Bush while Trump is perfectly positioned to spike it. But instead of setting the ball for Trump, he just lobs it back over the net. Trump says, "What the hell George, why didn't you set the ball for me?" And Bush responds, "Sorry Donald, but *I didn't want to set a bad president!*"
Republicans have decided to support DACA! Deport All Criminal Aliens
Congress is looking into the issue of incels and how to best deal with them. Democrats are sending therapists to help them cope with their issues and live a normal life.  Republicans are sending thots and prayers.
It’s really unfair to compare Trump to Hitler Hitler was a gifted public speaker.
The Pope and Colonel Sanders of KFC are having a conversation about the change to the Lord's Prayer. "Your Holiness," Sanders began. "You must make another change. Instead of give us today our daily bread, make it give us today our daily chicken."  "I cannot change these words!" The Pope was astounded. "They are ingrained in our very heritage!"  They negotiated until the Colonel finaly said, "Look. A **half-billion dollars** will go to the church, right now, if you change those words, and make it 'our daily chicken'."  The Pope could not see any way of saying no, and reluctantly agreed to the offer. He returned to the clergy chambers where fellow cardinals were waiting.  "I've got good news and bad news, gentlemen. The good news is we now have 500 million dollars to work on our churches."  "Wow! How could there be bad news?! What is it??"  "Well," he paused. "We lost the Wonderbread account."
What's the difference between Trump and a hooker? A hooker will stop screwing you when you're dead.
Donald Trump, Hilary Clinton, Obama, and a little girl are on a crashing plane wit only 3 parachutes... Hilary Clinton says, ” I'm off to win the next election, ” takes a parachute, and jumps off.  Donald Trump says, ”I’m better than you fools, you're fired, ” picks one up, and jumps off.  Obama says to the girl, ” you are our future, you take the last parachute.” The girl responds with, ”no, we both get a parachute. The very stable genius took my backpack.”   (edited, containing a joke by                      u/TheLuuuuuc
Why does Colonel Sanders wear glasses? Because without them he couldn’t KFsee
Why do people like Avenger movies but not Trump? Because Trump is not the one killing the foreigners.
Apparently Sarah Sanders has quit her job. I won’t believe the news until I hear her personally deny it.
Trump wakes up to a beautiful winter morning.  The sun is shining, the air is crisp, and there is a light blanket of snow on the ground.  He stretches and goes to look out the window at the snow-covered White House lawn and sees the words "President Trump Sucks" written in pee in the snow.   Trump gets all upset and calls White House Security. He tells them he doesn't care what it takes but he wants to know who did this.  The Chief of Security returns in a couple of days to the President and tells him that he has good news, bad news, and real bad news.   "OK," says Trump, "give me the good news first, then the bad news, and then the real bad news."  The Chief says: "The good news is after taking analysis of the urine, we know who the culprit is."  Trump nods and the Chief continues: "The bad news is the culprit is Vice President Mike Pence."  This really upsets the President, but he controls his anger and asks the Chief to tell him the real bad news.  The Chief of Security swallows and says, "It's in Melania‘s handwriting".  
All the notable Republicans gather at the annual GOP retreat, including congressmen, members of Trump's cabinet and the big man himself… [X-post from r/PoliticalHumor] All the notable Republicans gather at the annual GOP retreat, including congressmen, members of Trump's cabinet and the big man himself…  At some point Jim Mattis &amp; Rex Tillerson decide it's the right time to corner Mike Pence-  Tillerson: "Mr. Vice President, we need to talk… a majority of us are ready to go forward with invoking Section 4 of the 25th amendment, removing Trump from office for being mentally unfit to discharge the powers and duties required of the president. He's gone off the deep end! He's tearing the country apart just for fun, he's destroyed relationships with our strongest allies, he's exacerbated feuds with our adversaries..."  Mattis: "HE'S USED TWITTER TO BRING US TO THE BRINK OF NUCLEAR WAR FOR CHRIST'S SAKE"  Tillerson: "We believe we have the two-thirds vote required of congress, but we can't move forward without your support, are you in or not?"  Pence: "I hear you, I have been concerned for a long time, but **we don't want to set a dangerous precedent.** If we remove him, what's to stop people from calling for the same thing to happen in the future whenever they oppose a president. The American people knew exactly who he was when they elected him, to remove him would be a betrayal of the will of the voters."  Mattis: "But…"  Just then, guess who walks up but the human Cheeto himself, President Donald Trump.  Trump: "Boys... What are we talking about?"  Pence looks around, thinking of something to say, and sees a beach volleyball court outside.  Pence: "Oh… uh, we were just thinking of giving that volleyball court a spin. But it's a bit hot, maybe we'll just take a dip in the pool."  Knowing lil Donny's complete aversion to any physical activity, he thought this was a surefire way to ditch him, but to his chagrin-  Trump: "Volleyball is a great idea, we'll start playing and maybe we can convince those hot waitresses to join us. Nothing like some young, bouncing bikini boobs to brighten up your day!"  Resigned, they change into rich white guy exercise clothing and head outside. The teams are Trump and Mattis versus Pence and Tillerson. It's match point for Pence/Tilly, and the veep hits a soft shot over the net. The walking combover bump passes to Mattis, and then drives to the net, but instead of setting the ball for Trump, Mattis just tries to lob it back over the net. Pence jumps and blocks the shot, scoring the match winner. Trump explodes-  Trump: "Dammit Jim, I was in perfect position to spike the shit out of that ball you fucking retard!"  Mattis: "Sorry sir…"  Mattis goes to get some water, and Pence walks over.  Pence: "He's right you know, he was in perfect position for the spike, why didn't you feed him the ball?"  Mattis: "I probably should have, but I didn't want to set a dangerous president!"   (If you made it this far, you have only yourself to blame ;-p)
With all the talk about Trump being a "genius", I finally found someone who agrees! Himself.
Trump was told he passed his medical exam and he was so happy about it - he tweeted:  Donald J. Trump ✔ @realDonaldTrump  Now that I have passed my medical exam, on my first try (and I didn't even study) it has proven to be a total hoax on the American public, the Democrats and their lapdogs, the Fake News Mainstream Media, that I am not a stable genius.  Everyone knows I am the most astonishingly excellent President Doctor there has ever been.  Or is it Doctor President.  Whatever, whichever is higher, I am the most greatest one in the history of the Presidency. 
Trump IS a Stable Genius He's very intelligent compared to horses.
What’s the difference between Donald Duck and Donald Trump? The first one quacks a lot while the other one tweets a lot
If I had a dollar for every Trump joke I made... I would have a small loan of a million dollars.
What do you do if Donald Trump throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back
Why doesn't Donald Trump practice humility? Because he thinks it's humiliating
I personally support trump going to war.. Not our military of course.. just the president.
Just finished the art of the deal by Donald trump. Great book. You can find the secret to his tremendous success in.... Chapter 11
Trump voters A teacher asked her 6th grade class how many of them were Trump voters. Not really knowing what a Trump voter is, but wanting to be liked by the teacher, all the kids raised their hands except for little Johnny. The teacher asked little Johnny why he has decided to be different... again. Little Johnny said, "Because I'm not a Trump voter." The teacher asked, "Why aren't you a fan of Donald Trump?" Johnny said, "Because I'm a Democrat." The teacher asked him why he was a Democrat. Little Johnny answered, "Well, my mom is a Democrat and my Dad is a Democrat, so I am a Democrat." Annoyed by the answer, the teacher asked, "If your mom was a moron, and your dad was an idiot, what would that make you?" With a big smile, little Johnny replied, "That would make me a Trump voter."
George W. Bush, Clarence Thomas, Bill Clinton, Donald Trump, and Brett Kavanaugh all competed in a spelling bee... Surprisingly, George W. Bush won.   &amp;#x200B;  He was the only contestant to spell "harass" as one word. 
Trump and Kanye completed a puzzle in 30 minutes They were absolutely delighted because it said 3-4 years on the box.﻿ 
George W. Bush, Barrack Obama and Donald Trump died and stand in front of God George W. Bush, Barrack Obama and Donald Trump died and stand in front of God. First, God asks George W. Bush: "in what do you believe?" Bush answers he believes in free trade, a strong America and in the nation. "Very good" God says, "you can sit on my right".  Then he turns to Barrack Obama and asks him the same question. Obama answers he believes in the democracy, helping the poor and world peace. "Excellent!" God says, "you can sit on my left".  Finally, God addresses Donald Trump and of course asks him the same question: "Donald, in what do you believe?". Without hesitation Trump answers: "I believe you are sitting in my chair!"
I have a list of politicians I don’t like. I’m thinking about adding Trump and Putin May as well
Danson is better than Cruz in every way, thanks for coming to my TED talk.
What's the difference between Donald and a piece of fruit? Oranges have thick skin.  Let the downvotes fly, people! You've only got one!
Trump gets kidnapped Few days later his kidnappers go public and demand 20 million dollars or they return him to the White house. 
What is it called when Mitt Romney and James Comey hang out? A romcom.
Why did Donald Trump cross the road? To get to the bigger button
You’re hanging out with Donald Trump He says, “knock knock!”  “Who’s there?”  “Orange”  “Orange who?”  “Orange you glad I have the BIGGEST button?”
George Bush goes to a primary school George Bush goes to a primary school to talk about the war. After his talk, he offers question time.  One little boy puts up his hand and George asked, What is your name?  Bob  And what is your question, Bob?  I have 3 questions.  First, why did the USA invade Iraq without the support of the UN?   Second, why are you president when al gore got more votes?  Third, what happened to Osama bin laden?  Just then, the bell rings for recess.  George bush informs the kiddies that they will continue after recess.  When they resume George says, Ok where were we?  Oh, that's right. Question time. Who has a question?  A different little boy raises his hand.  George points him out and asked him what is your name?  Steve  And what is your question Steve?  I have 5 questions.  First, why did the USA invade Iraq without the support of UN?  Second, why are you president when Al Gore got more votes?  Third, what happened to Osama bin laden?  Fourth, why did the recess bell go 20 minutes early?  Fifth, where is Bob?
A man calls up White House A man calls up White House &amp; says: I want to be the next PRESIDENT of USA.  Operator: Are you an idiot?  Man: Is it compulsory??
Saying Donald Trump is the same color as Kellogg's corn cereal is flake news
Trump forgot about the 11th commandment Thou shall not covet thy neighbor's nuclear button!
How does Donald Trump gets his exercise? By jumping to conclusions
Trump dies and goes to Hell Upon arrival the Devil tells Trump he can choose one of three punishments set before him.  Trump agrees.  So the Devil and Trump go to see Nixon swimming endless laps in a pool.  Satan asks Trump if this will suit him.  Trump says no I can't swim forever.  So they continue on.  The second former President they see is Bush breaking rocks with a sledgehammer for all of eternity.  Trump again says no because he has bad shoulders.  So they continue on.  Finally they reach Clinton getting his dick sucked by Monica Lewinsky.  Trump tells the Devil that he can surely do this task for all eternity.  The Devil asks Trump if he really wants to do this forever?  Trump answers yes.  So the Devil tells Monica that she is free to go. 
Trump gets a phone call! **The white house phone rings**   Caller: Hello. Is this the new Trump residence?  Melania: It is. May I ask who's calling?  Caller: A high school classmate of Donald.  Melania: Bullshit. He never went to high school.
When Trump announced job creations... I didn't think it was for the same position over and over again.
President Trump told me to run around the White House I guess I'm running for president now 
GF: "Did you see Eminem's new rap about Trump?" Me: "Yes. It was ludacris."  GF: "No, it was Eminem."
What would have they called Hillary Clinton in the senate of the ancient Roman Republic ? Hilarious...!
Now that Trump is POTUS, is he gonna declare... World war Juan?
Hilary Clinton and Donald trump are on a boat.. Donald Trump an Hilary Clinton are on Ted Cruz's boat. Because Donald Trumps ego took up to much weight, the boat sank. Who survives? AMERICA!!!
I'll take "Much ado" for $1000, Alex. Answer: "John Wayne...Jeff Bridges... Donald Trump." "Who are The Duke, The Dude, and The Douche."
I'm probably moving back to my home country if Trump gets elected. Not by choice either.  
What's the difference between Tyrion Lannister and Hillary Clinton? Well one's a cunning runt...
Donald Trump, Angela Merkel, the Pope and a little girl are on a crashing plane. But there are only three parachutes. So Angela Merkel takes one, saying: "I'm really important so I should live." Donald Trump takes one, saying: "I'm the world's cleverest man, I should live!" But the Pope says to the little girl: "You're a young child, you're more important than me." But the girl says: "It's ok, the world's cleverest man just jumped off with my rucksack."
I asked Trump, "What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?" Trump replied, "Well I never paid to have a *garbanzo bean* on my face."
The Difference Between Republicans and Democrats A woman in a hot-air balloon is lost, so she shouts to a man below, "Excuse me. I promised a friend I would meet him, but I don't know where I am."  "You're at 31 degrees, 14.57 minutes north latitude and 100 degrees, 49.09 minutes west longitude," he replies.  "You must be a Democrat."  "I am. How did you know?"  "Because everything you told me is technically correct, but the information is useless, and I'm still lost. Frankly, you've been no help."  "You must be a Republican."  "Yes. How did you know?"  "You've risen to where you are due to a lot of hot air, you made a promise you couldn't keep, and you expect me to solve your problem. You're in exactly the same position you were in before we met, but somehow, now it's my fault."
Why is Donald Trump only interested in his top secret briefings? Because above all else, he fears being associated with something declasse-fied.
Another school shooting; but thanks to Republican thoughts and prayers, the NRA was not injured. Oops!   Meant to post this to r/news. That’s actually what happened.  Again. 
In the wake of tragedy such as what happened in Florida yesterday, why do we, as people or society, feel the need to attack each other instead of come together to support those who need it most? There is only one person to blame and it's not Trump. Thanks Obama!
Donald Trump wanted to paint the White House So he called three different companies and set up meetings with the owners. The first owner an Arabic, Quotes Donald for 5 million. Mr. President I will only use the best paint on the market. I will import it from Europe and you will love our work. Donald was satisfied with what he promised he told him he’d decided within the week.  As he walked him out of the office he called in the next owner which was Chinese. The oriental man was hard to understand but he promised to have it all done in 3 days  and it would only cost 3 million. Donald was intrigued with the price as well as with the time it would take for them to finish. Again he told the owner he would have an answer for him within the week. So Donald call in the final owner which was Mexican. He sat down and said “Look Mr. President I know you’ve had a bad rap with my people but I’m excited to be here I know you’ll pick us.” Donald said “I am happy to have you here and what makes you so sure I’ll pick your company?” The Mexican said “Well because I have the most experience out of all the company’s you’ve called in today and it’ll take us 2 days to paint the entire White House and it will only cost you 10 million dollars.” Donald said “Why in the hell would I pay you 10 million dollars to paint!” The Mexican said “ It’s simple I get 5 million you get 4 million and to paint the whole White House it’ll only cost you 1 million!”  So Donald said “Consider yourself hired! We will do amazing things together! This is a huuugeee deal! Truly amazing!”
Why did the cannibal take a jar of peanut butter to the White House? He heard there was a giant cheezy cracker in office.
If the green man lives in the green house, the red man lives in the red house and the yellow man lives in the yellow house, who lives in the white house? The orange man
Which was the best Donald Trump joke that you heard? For me     Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and Bill Clinton die and go to hell.  They are lined up in front of three doors. The first is opened to reveal a swarm of wasps and mosquitoes. Satan's voice booms "Mr. Obama you have sinned, and now you must spend all of eternity with these vile creations!" And with that, Obama is thrown into the room and the door slams shut.  Clinton and Trump are now terrified. The second door opens, and it reveals a room filled with angry rabid dogs and badgers. Satan's voice booms again "Mr. Clinton you have sinned, and now you must spend all of eternity with these ghastly beasts!" And with that, Clinton is thrown into the room and the door slams shut.  Trump is now wetting himself. The final door opens, but instead of there being anything horrific, Trump sees the most drop-dead gorgeous young woman he has ever laid eyes on, with perfect skin, a stunning face, and thick flowing hair. Satan's voice booms one final time "Mrs. Samson you have sinned…"
I talked to my Republican parents about immigration. The conversation really went south. 
Trump tweets as if there is no tomorrow.... Unfortunately, some of his tweets could cause that to be true.  
Making jokes about Trump taking us to war is all fun and games until You realize you're a healthy young man
So Campbells, Merck and 3M's CEOs have all quit Trump's manufacturing coalition... Fortunately, Mercedes-Benz and Hugo Boss have stepped up to take their place
Did you hear about Hillary Clinton's new pastry shop? ...it's called Butter Emails. 
What is Trump's favourite store? Wall-mart. 
[Politics] I call my hot air gun the Trump, It always blows hot air.
Obama and Putin die and go to hell. As former world leaders, they were being given a tour of hell.  While there, they saw a red phone and asked what the phone is for. The devil tells them it is for calling back to Earth.  Putin asks to call his daughter and talks to her for 5 minutes. When he is finished the devil informs him that the cost is a million dollars, so Putin writes him a check.  Obama gets his turn and talks to his daughters for 4 hours. When he is finished the devil informs him that the cost is $5.00.  Putin asks the devil why Obama got to call USA so cheaply.  The devil smiled and replied: " Trump took over, the country has gone to hell, so it's a local call."
What's a Trump supporter's favorite reading material? MAGAzines
Trump heard staring at the sun makes you not see. He must have heard "Nazi."
How are Texans greeting Trump? Howdy Pardoner!
What do Joel Osteen and Donald Trump have in common? Both are assholes that can't fill stadiums.
To clarify his position regarding Charlottesville, Donald Trump has prepared the following: Many slides.
What's the difference between Trump and a sewage plant? Nothing. Both are full of shit. 
Trump walks into a bar and Is suprised to see the bartender is a genie The genie says "what'll you have?" Trump says"give me something I'll regret in the morning" The genie gives him a conscience, empathy, and humility. 
Trump is Unpresidented. I'm not even a dad and I'm coming up with Dad jokes. Well, bird-Dad, really. Came up with this while I was feeding my Budgie.
Trump yard signs must be great for door to door salesmen Those people would buy any kind of bullshit
What misunderstanding did Trump have with a Russian with alopecia? "I want *your* toupee on *me*"
Fun fact: 99% of voters who live in the "path of totality" for the upcoming solar eclipse voted for trump. Which is ironic, because the *last* thing they wanted to do is make the country darker.
Why did Campbell's CEO Denise Morrison leave Trump's Business Council? She didn't want to become known as The Soup Nazi.
A man proudly sporting an “I Love Trump” pin passes a liberal man on the sidewalk. As he does so, he trips and falls. “Oh my god!” Exclaims the liberal, “Are you alt-right?”
Colonel Sanders calls up the pope. "Your holiness", he says. "My business is losing money and I need help. I'll donate 10 million dollars to the Vatican if you change the Lord's prayer from 'Give us this day our daily bread' to 'Give us this day our daily chicken'".  "I'm sorry, Mr. Sanders" the pope replies. "I cannot change the word of God. I wish you good luck with your business."  A month later, Colonel Sanders calls back, even more desperate. "50 million dollars to the Vatican", he says, "if you change the Lord's prayer from 'Give us this day our daily bread' to 'Give us this day our daily chicken'".  "I'm sorry Mr. Sanders. The word of God is sacred and can't be changed", the pope replies. "You'll have to try something else."  A month later, Colonel Sanders calls back in pure desperation. "Please, your holiness. My sales are in the hole. I'll donate 100 million dollars to the Vatican if you change the Lord's prayer from 'Give us this day our daily bread' to 'Give us this day our daily chicken'".  The pope sighs and says, "OK, let me get back to you." He then calls up his bishops and says, "Gentlemen, I have good news and bad news. The good news is, KFC will be donating 100 million dollars to the Vatican." The bishops erupt in cheers. After quieting down, one asks, "and the bad news?" The pope replies solemnly, "we will be losing the Wonder Bread account".
Why does Trump have the most expensive Thanksgiving day? Because he’ll impose tariff on Turkey
So Donald Trump was golfing with his buddy the other day His buddy said, "So I had a dream about you the other night."  "Really?" Said trump, "About what?"  "People in the hundreds of thousands were celebrating and cheering for you in the streets."  "Oh wow. How was my hair?"  "I don't know. It was a closed casket." 
What is the most efficient way to prevent trump from taking rash decisions? Steal the papers that needs signing from his desk.
What's next after typhoon Jebi?  The empire strikes back!
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a train wreck?  Cleaning up after a train wreck is much easier. 
On Bill and Hillary's wedding night On Bill and Hillary's wedding night, Bill said " I'll always be truthful to you Hillary, but promise you'll never open this shoebox.  Thinking it's a strange request, Hillary agreed that she never would.    On their 30th anniversary, she stumbles upon the box.  Having kept her promise for all these years,  she decides to open the box.  Inside, there are 3 soda cans and $1000.  Strange she thinks and puts the box away.  That night at dinner, Hillary says, "Bill, I opened the box for the first time in our 30 years of marriage.  What does it mean?"  Bill wasn't upset. He said "Well I put a soda can in the box for every time of cheated on you.".   "Well 3 times in 30 years isn't so bad," she replied.   "But I have to ask, why was there $1000 in the box?"  And Bill said, "whenever the box fills up, I recycle the cans" 
Who is Donald Trump's favorite Civil War General? Stonewall Jackson            (disclaimer I don't actually know who his favorite general is)
A libertarian is getting a haircut... The barber finishes evening out his sideburns and asks him how it looks.   He replies “BOTH SIDES ARE THE SAME, MAN!” 
What do President Trump and Coach Doc Rivers have in common? Both men have been accused of tampering, but only Doc Rivers was fined for it.
What is Donald Trump's favorite style of beer? The Porter.
A man walks into a bar, “wanna hear a trump joke?” The bartender puts down the rag he was cleaning with and looks up. “Buddy, before you go and tell that joke I think you ought to know I voted for mr. Trump... see those big guys down at the end of the bar? They voted Trump as well. Now, are you sure you wanna tell your little joke?”  The man looks at the bartender, then at the two big guys at the bar. They stare back at him, and he shakes his head, “well no. Not if I’m gonna have to explain it three times.”
Will the Supreme Court ban epilepsy on 4th Amendment grounds? It violates the right to be free from unreasonable seizures
Why is the Republican Party thinking about moving their convention to St. Petersburg, Russia? They want to get closer to their voting base.
What do Trump and R. Kelly have in common? Golden Showers.
I was asked to assassinate Donald Trump by the CIA for a million dollars... There's no way I can come up with that cash...
Did you hear that Trump just asked Kelly to stay on with him through 2020? ....and then Kelly said "I'm not going to jail with you!!"
Trump won the election shortly after using the phrase "nasty woman". If after using "Horseface" he wins this November... Then he truly is a *stable* genius.
Why did Obama have a basketball court built in the white house? So he could fake left and go right.
Donald Trump heard about the Area 51 raid today and he said he wants to go. He said, "if there are illegal aliens there I want to find them and send them back to their own planet."
What do you call a funny Democratic politician in Ancient Rome? Hilarious Clintonious
It's true when Trump insists he "Doesn't have a Racist Bone in his body" It's just his heart, brain and tongue
What do you get when you combine the attorney general and a lifelong friend of Trump Underage Herpes.
Pelosi Parade Now before you go crazy with your political views. You can easily switch the name to Donald Trump if it makes the joke better for you.  &amp;#x200B;  A friend of Nancy Pelosi told her she had a fantastic dream last night.   There was a humongous parade in Washington celebrating Pelosi.     Millions lined the parade route, cheering when Nancy went past.    Bands were playing; children were throwing confetti into the air; there were balloons everywhere.    It was the biggest celebration Washington had ever seen.  Nancy was very impressed and said, "That's really great! By the way, how did I look in your dream?  Was my hair OK?"   Her friend said, "I couldn't tell, the casket was closed."
What is the weapon of choice for republicans from outer space? A Ronald Ray Gun.
Trump and I take Xanax for different reasons. I take them for *my* panic attacks; he takes them for hispanic attacks.
Who is Donald Trump’s favorite NBA player? John Wall
Why won't they serve black russians at White House cocktail parties? Because there isn't, and never was, any kahluasion.
Donald Trump is a stable genius. Meaning his mind is full of horse shit, like a stable.
What do Apple and Donald Trump have in common? I would say that they both think de-porting is the answer when there's no more Jobs, but I shouldn't compare apples to oranges.
What did Trump say when Biden said he'd hang him with a rope? Fake Noose
A Bernie Sanders supporter has erectile dysfunction and can’t get it up He says to his lover, “My erection was rigged!”
Why couldn't Trump light a bomb? He was too focused on the fake fuse.
Trump, Obama, Clinton, and Bush decided to have a sprinting race Trump, Obama, Clinton, and Bush decided to have a sprinting race to see who's the fastest   Trump went first and he ran from the start to the finish line in 23:34 minutes  Clinton went second and got 15:28 minutes   Obama went after and did 10 minutes, thinking he may have won, Obama is fairly optimistic   Until Bush did 9:11 
What's the difference between Obama, Trump, and an Eskimo in an igloo? Only the Eskimo doesn't want to get Snowed-in
When Bill Clinton was in office he had to make a decision on a big abortion bill. He ended up just telling his secretary to pay it
Trump may look dumb But I can guarantee you he isn't as smart as he looks.
Last time I rode the train in London, I taught my dog to play the trumpet. We went from Barking to Tooting.  (you may need to be British to get this joke but trust me it's amazing)
A perv, a con artist, and a facist walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What can I get you, Mr. President?"
What's it called when Hillary Clinton gets her groceries delivered? Buttery Mail
Wanna go to the White House? But hold on, there's no one home!
I can't wait to hear Trump's live oval office address... ...It's on Prime Crime.
A black man, a Mexican and Donald trump a Black man, a Mexican and Donald trump  are on a plane that is too heavy to fly and they are about to crash. They each have to throw something off the plane to save them from crashing. The black man throws out his Jordan shoes and says, "We have too many in our country.” The Mexican tosses out his lawn mower and says, "We have too many in our country.” Donald Trump puts his item down, grabs the Mexican, throws him out the window and says, "We have too many in our country.”
When i see Trump in the white house... I think of those ships in a bottle.    How the fuck did that get in there?
So Barack Obama and Donald Trump somehow ended up at the same barber shop... As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty. As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama ?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife Michelle doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
Donald Trump is old enough not be expected to know how Twitter works. He might think he's just messaging his friends. 
What's the difference between Trump and Macron? One can speak English fluently and the other is the US President.
Why is it unfair to compare Trump to Hitler? Hitler started with nothing.  Trump got a million bucks from his dad.   
What have Trump and the German Football Team got in common? Neither can keep the Mexicans out!
With this new Janus Supreme Court Decision A lot of Conservatives are finally going to be able to secede from the Union.  
Donald Trump hired a group of drag queen sheep... They were called the “Fake Ewes”
What’s Trump’s code name when he visits China? Orange Chicken
I heard the White House Correspondents Association is going to give equal time to a conservative comedian at next year's dinner I hope a year is long enough to find one.
What Dodge vehicle does Trump hate the most? A Caravan
What did Donald Trump say to the people that tried unsuccesfully to hang him? Fake noose
Activists Sued for Copyright Violation after portraying Trump as Jafar in Aladdin Stage Show. Judge says Pantomime to Tyrancy was Tantamount to Piracy.
I often wonder how so many Americans voted for Trump... And then I figured... They probably all drew a massive cock on their ballot paper.
Six elderly presidential candidates are standing on their front porch... Six elderly presidential candidates are standing on their front porch.      The establishment Democrat yells, “Get off my lawn!”   The Democratic socialist exclaims, “Get on my lawn!”   The Libertarian growls, “Get your own damn lawn.”   The progressive Democrat announces, “Pull up a chair and I’ll give you a plan to get own lawn.”   The green Democrat declares, “Stop trampling my lawn and I’ll pay you $15/hr to mow it.”   The incumbent Republican stammers, “Get on your knees and root out that dirty brown stuff hiding under my lawn before it steals your job!”
Why does the Mexican Air Force stress out Donald Trump? Bc he can’t stand the sound of twenty Juan pilots.
The Trump administration is like the International Space Station They're in constant free fall, and they needed Russia's help to get there
What did Trump say to the Mexican President in a private discussion about his wall? “Let’s keep it between us.”
Trump allegedly had an affair with Tony the Tiger. When reached for a comment, his response want typical: "Nope, not true. Flake news."
Steve Jobs would’ve been a better president than Trump But that’s a silly comparison, like comparing apples to oranges 
What do you get when you cross a republican and a white supremacist? A white supremacist
So Donald Trump is president... that's it. there's no fucking punchline.  edit: I can't tell if you people that commented are pissed off because: they think it's a dumb and bad joke (guilty there), It is a repost, or they like Trump. regardless, you can all go fuck yourselves. you retarded twats. 
What's Hillary Clinton's campaign slogan for the next election? Hindsight 2020
Bush, Obama and Trump go hunting in a safari They start the day by making a friendly wager; the one who kills the least during that day pay for the drinks for the whole night.   At the end they come back to their campsite and compares killings.   Obama says that he killed three lions and two hippos. “That’s nothing, Bush says, I got four giraffes and five lions!” Trump us smiling like crazy; “Ha! I’m the best believe me! I got one lion and five hundred Notuses!”  The other two look at each other’s and ask “what the hell are Notuses?!”  \-	“well they’re about four foot tall, black and curly hair. When you point your gun at them they start screaming “Notus! Notus!”
Trump and Pence go hunting. As they're walking through the woods, they see an elk foraging on leaves.  "Hey look, an elk" says Pence.  "Fake moose" says Trump.
A priest, a nun, a giraffe, a telepathic unicorn, 21 pilots, Pennywise the clown, a ninja and Donald Trump walk into a bar. The bartender, struggling to open the champagne, says ...yeah I don't know how I'm going to pull this one off.
What does Manafort say when he bumps into donald at Trump tower? Pardon me. 
Donald Trump wants to become a penis potato. Pardon me, I meant dictator. 
At a press conference, Sarah Sanders is asked, "why has Trump imposed tarrifs on soybeans but not chickpeas?" Sarah rolled her eyes and contorted her face even more, then replied, "listen Jim Acosta, I don't know what you're agenda is with that question, but suffice it to say that the President's decision on which legumes to tarrif is deeply rooted in the fact that he's never had a Russian soybean on his head.  Next question!"
"Pity about your boys coming in fourth in the world Cup!" joked Trump to Theresa May.  "Yeah..." she replied. "Pity about your boys coming second in Vietnam. Oh, you weren't there, were you?" 
Trump invites the rescued Thai kids to white house They want to return to the cave
Donald Trump was late for his meeting with Queen Elizabeth When he finally gets there he says: "Don't worry the person responsible will be fired soon."   The Queen responds: "So, Robert Mueller finally started the impeachment proceedings."
Donald Trump is taking questions from journalists on his last day in office. One journalist asks him, "President Trump, do you have a final thing to say to the American people as our president?"  Trump then looks into the camera, bows deeply, and yells, "THE ARISTOCRATS!"
Trump's presidency in a nutshell Orange is the new Black
Does anyone know what Barack Obama’s favorite nut is? Yes, pecan!
Somebody attacked Bill Clinton's vice president with a chainsaw. Witnesses described a mess of blood and Gore. 
President Trump decided to play Mario Kart with his cabinet He thought that this would be be a good bonding exercise with his staff so he bought a Wii and ordered his whole office to come into the oval office  Once everyone arrived there was a huge argument on who would play as what character, because everyone wanted to be Mario. Trump decided that this could be a nice opportunity to get the Democrats in the senate to work with him so he left the decision into their hands.  Three months, 4 senate hearings and one filibuster later the senate had their answers and Trumps cabinet returned to the oval office and took their controllers and saw who they were going to be  "Sweet" said vice president Mike Pence, "I'm Mario"  "This is awesome, I'm Bowser" exclaimed secretary of state Rex Tillerson  But Trump just groaned  "What's wrong Mr. President?" Pence asked  "These Goddamn Democrats are spreading their liberal propaganda into r/jokes" Trump moaned  "What do you mean sir?"  "I'm Peach"
When Donald Trump says he doesn’t have any Russian ties, he isn’t lying. All his ties are made in China.
Why do people think Trump dislikes Jews? I mean come on people, he has a Jewish daughter and he even cleaned out his cabinet just before Passover!
We are going to need to re-elect Obama once Trump is done... to  go on an apology tour.
We're going to need to re-elect Obama once Trump is done... to go on an apology tour.
OC: Dossier reveals Trump's russia visit was to secretley meet with former US president Martin Vanb Urine
Easter Egg Roll at White House President Trump has kindly offered to pay for all the eggs used in the White House Easter Egg Roll today. And children attending just have to have their Social Security number so he can claim them as dependants on his taxes.
Republicans should have done more to stop predatory mortgages. Maybe their house wouldn’t have been repossessed.
What do Democrats and people with food allergies have in common? They’re both intolerant. 
Why don’t Democrats mind staying in hotel rooms with no windows? Because they couldn’t care less about other people’s views. 
If Donald Trump hates Liberals then why does he like trans fats so much
What is a Republican's favorite Choose Your Own Adventure? The U.S. Constitution.
President Trump announces plan to limit Highway Speed Limit of 55 Miles per Hour He wants to Make America Late Again
What's the difference between a Reddit joke and Trumps hair? Nothing. Neither is original. 
I was walking past a park on 20th April and was hit with the smell of marijuana, I followed the dankness, to find it coming from middle class, lefty, socialist, Uni students, partying and flying the Saltire &amp; SNP flags. I was confused, until I remembered it was 4/20. Adolf Hitlers birthday. It all makes sense now. TIL
Donald Trump was asked what the J in Donald J Trump stood for He said 'Genius'
Donald Trump was admiring the Sistine Chapel Trump : this is the best painting I've seen and when I say it's best , it's the bestest.  Docent : of course, Mr.president , they have been painted by Michaelangelo himself .  Trump : I don't know what the fake news media tells about me but I'm not a fool to believe it was a painted by one of those sewer turtles.
I went to my hotel room and Penelope Cruz is standing there stark naked and she had puckered lips. I was shocked. Nobody expects the Spanish in kiss position
What's trumps favorite song right now? Ice Ice Baby  Edit: why do none of you get it
Why is Donald Trump always in the comments? Because the real joke is always in the comments.
A writer from the New York Times submits an article about Bernie Sanders but it is denied. (First post here. Sorry if it sucks)  Writer: What??? I put my heart and soul into this article? What was wrong with it?  His boss: Oh, the paper’s fine, it’s just full of grammatical errors.  Writer: Like what?  His boss: Well, for example, you didn’t capitalize “Bernie Sanders”   Writer: Yeah, cause Bernie is not a capitalist....
My friend sent me a picture of trump after he was elected... It was just the color orange.
How long does it take congress to screw in a light bulb? Three seconds, but the argument over which lightbulb lasted three years.
Why did the libertarian cross the road He didn’t. Because roads are paid with taxes and taxation is theft.
What did Donald Trump say to Hillary after being impeached? Hold my phone.
Which weight loss guru do Democrats consult when the want to lose weight? Keto O'Roarke. 
All Trump supporters are KGB sleeper agents! It's true! I read it on Buzzfeed.
The problem with Trump jokes: Republicans don't think they're funny, and Democrats don't think they're jokes.
What’s the difference between Kindergarteners and Congress? Kindergarteners grow up. 
The problem with Clinton jokes: Democrats don't think they're funny, and Republicans don't think they're jokes. 
Today I had Libertarian salad. Lettuce alone!
What's the difference between a flying pig and Trump? The letter "F".
What is Obama's favorite vegetable? Barack-oli
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was walking through a forest when she crossed paths with a man She shouts "HALT! I am Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, I steal from the rich and give to the poor, now hand over your money!"  The man responds "But I am just a simple farm hand, I am poorer than poor."  She feels bad, so she throws the man a bag of coins. He rifles through the bag and a big smile comes to his face. He shouts "Thank the heavens, Im rich!  She shouts "HALT!"
I saw a clickbait article: "Watch Eminem attack Trump like no President has ever been attacked." I mean... Kennedy was shot in the head... But ok. 
The Queen and President Trump meet for the first time After the usual head of state niceties, Donald gets down to the real reason for his visit:  "Liz, I want to be a king. How do I make that happen?"  The queen sighs. "You can't be a king, you don't have a kingdom."  "OK" he says. "Let's go bigger. I want to be an Emperor. Make me one."  The queen appears unphased by his breach of courtly etiquette: "to be an emperor, you need an empire and you hardly have one of those."  Donald looks perplexed for a moment before noticing Charles and Philip nearby. "A prince then? I want to be a prince."  "Sorry", she says, "you can't be one of those either. You don't have a principality."  His brow furrows in consternation.  "A duke?"  "Sorry Donald, you need a Duchy."  "Fine!" He exclaims. "What _do_ I have?"  The queen thinks for a moment.  "Donald" she says, "you have a country." 
Donald Trump was pretending to take a nap... fake snooze
trump challenged Tillerson to an IQ test, and there was only one question on the test... If the President of the United States and the President of the US Virgin Islands are in an elevator, how many people are in the elevator?
Disillusioned with the Republican Party, Donald Trump gets inspired... Disillusioned with the Republican party, Trump wakes up one day with an idea. Summoning Mike Pence to his office, he lays out his vision.  "Mike, the Republican Party is a relic of the past. We need to start fresh with a brand new party of loyal Americans."  "That's brilliant sir, but what should we call our party?"  Trump thinks for a moment, and suddenly exclaims. "We'll base our party on the virtues of the flag! That will really underscore our American values."  "Well, there's already a red party and a blue party," Mike Pence thinks. "So that would make us..."  Trump Beams "The White Party!"
Trump is going to reveal the classified JFK assassination details Turns out it was Hillary Clinton.
What do atoms and President Trump have in common? They make up everything
Donald Trump somehow makes it to the Pearly Gates After a long life, and a tumultuous presidency, Donald J Trump dies and arrives at the Gates of Heaven, where he sees a huge wall of clocks behind him.  He asks an angel, "What are all those clocks?"  The angel answers, "Those are Lie-Clocks. Everyone on Earth has a Lie-Clock. Every time you lie the hands on your clock will move."  "Oh," says Trump, "whose clock is that?"  "That's Washington's clock. The hands have never moved, indicating that he never told a lie."  "Tremendous" says Trump. "And whose clock is that one?"  The angel responds, "That's Abraham Lincoln's clock. The hands have moved twice, telling us that Abe told only two lies in his entire life."  "So, where's my clock?" Asks Trump   "Oh, your clock is in God's office. He's using it as a ceiling fan."
Steve Jobs would be a better president than Donald Trump But let's not compares apples to oranges.
What do Donald Trump and a pumpkin have in common? They're orange on the outside, hollow on the inside and should be tossed out after October.
A redneck calls up the White House...  ...and tells the receptionist: "I'd like to become the next President of the United States."    The receptionist: "What are you, an idiot?"    Redneck: "Why, is it required?"  
Donald Trump was challenged by the police over his recent Twitter gaffe about meeting the Prince of Whales He was let off with a cetacean
Trumps thinks that Mexico is sending rapists and drug dealers to USA but completely ignoring the millions of Canadian... geese that Canada sends to USA every year! Canada doesn't send us their finest geese, they only send the geese that shit on the statues of our national heroes and have bunch of Canadian geese babies, and pay nothing in taxes! Open your eyes America, we need a REALLY tall wall between USA and Canada!
How many congressmen does it take to change a lightbulb? Doesn't really matter, they forgot to pass the electricity bill again. 
Bill gates have agreed to pay for Trump's wall. On the condition he gets to install windows.
What does President Trump yell to get troops to withdraw from a battle? RETWEEEEET!
What does Trump's wife say after he has sex? When are you coming home? 
Bill Clinton really likes Obama's new portrait. Now he's not the only President who has been surrounded by Bushes.
Donald Trump and Barack Obama ended up at the same barber shop. As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty. As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife Michelle doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
A Democrat and a Republican sit down at a table The Republican says, 'You know the thing about you Democrats? You're godless. You don't believe in God, you don't practice religion. I'm willing to bet twenty bucks you probably couldn't even say the Lord's Prayer right now.' And he set a twenty on the table between them.  The Democrat laughs and says, 'Your loss.' He closes his eyes, folds his hands, and recites, 'Now I lay me down to sleep. I pray the Lord my soul to keep. And if I die before I wake, I pray the Lord my soul to take.'  The Republican blinks. Shakes his head. Rubs his hands through his hair.   Then he pushes the twenty across the table and says, 'I didn't think you could do it.'
Trump's wall. During the construction of Trump's wall across the border between the U.S.A. and Mexico there is a nasty incident. When the  president is informed, he turns to his aide and asks "were there any fatalities?" The aide looks at his paperwork and says "yes sir, we lost three Brazilian workers"  Trump puts his head in his hands and begins to sob uncontrollably, "tell me again" says to his aide "how many is in a Brazilian?"
President Trump says he supports victims of domestic violence. He still pays alimony to Ivana Trump.
When Borris Johnson and Donald Trump have sex, who’s on top? Vladimir Putin
A clown, a rabbi, and Donald Trump walk into a bar. The bartender says, "what is this, some kind of joke?
There was this panel at a feminist congress in New York. It was about men doing nothing to help with the work at home. The first woman to speak was from Germany. She said:   "Last month I said to my Heinrich 'Heinrich, I am sick of ironing the suits you need for work. If you want them ironed, iron them yourself.' On the first day afterwards I didn't see a thing. On the second day I still didn't see a thing and I became a little worried. But on the third, what do I see then? Heinrich stands there and irons his suits." She got thundering applause for this.   The next woman was from Scotland: "Two weeks ago I was sick and tired of Nigel not cleaning up his mess. So I stopped doing it and told him that, if he wanted to live in a clean flat, he had to clean up his own mess. On the first day after that I saw nothing. On the second day I still saw nothing. But on the third day Nigel actually cleaned up his own mess." She, too, got thundering applause.   The next woman to speak was from Iran: "A year ago I told my Ahmahd that he had to cook his own food if ever wanted to eat again. On the first day after that I saw nothing. On the second day I still saw nothing. On the third still I saw nothing. But on the fourth day I started to see a little bit through my left eye..."
donald trump thinks scruples are... Russian currency
A Republican, a Democrat, and Bill Clinton are traveling in a car when a tornado picks up the car and tosses them miles into the air. When the car finally comes back down, the three men realize they’ve been transported to Oz.  &amp;#x200B;  “I’m going to ask the Wizard for a brain,” says the Democrat.  &amp;#x200B;  “I’m going to ask him for a heart,” says the Republican.  &amp;#x200B;  Bill Clinton looks around and asks the two men, “Where do you think Dorothy is?”
What do Democrats do when they lose a game of CSGO? They blame the Russians
Donald Trump is a YUGE Job Creator Because of him his lawyers need lawyers
I heard that Trump's piss tape is supposed to come out soon. You can get it on DVD or Blu-Ray. Or you can watch it streaming.
Everyone is so polite in the Trump White House. Everyone is walking around saying, "Pardon me"
One good thing about trump’s White House is how polite they are... One walk down the hall and everyone says “Pardon me.”   Edit: this joke was stolen from a mega thread about the Cohen plea deal
Even if Trump isn't impeached he's clearly impeared.
Did you hear they're making a movie about Trump's Vietnam service? The working title is: Full Dinner Jacket. 
What does Donald Trump say when he eats his favorite fruit? Mmmm peach. 
What does every one of Donald Trumps books start with? Chapter 11
Tom Brady, Hilary Clinton, and Urban Meyer walk into a bar. None of them can get an Uber home because they've all destroyed their cell phones. 
President Trump has been taking xanax daily. He heard it helps with Hispanic attacks.
Donald Trump is sponsoring a new breakfast side dish. Dic-tater tots.
(Long) Donald and Hillary have a drink together..... ....Donald leans over and with a smile on his face, says, "The media are really tearing you apart for that scandal."  Hillary: "You mean my lying about Benghazi?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the massive voter fraud?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the military not getting their votes counted?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using my secret private server with classified material to Hide my Activities?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring our phone calls, emails and everything Else?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Using the Clinton Foundation as a cover for tax evasion, hiring cronies, and taking bribes from foreign countries?  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean the drones being operated in our own country without The Benefit of the law?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving 123 Technologies $300 Million, and right afterward it Declared Bankruptcy and was sold to the Chinese?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean arming the Muslim Brotherhood and hiring them in the White House?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Whitewater, Watergate committee, Vince Foster, commodity Deals?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The IRS targeting conservatives?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Turning Libya into chaos?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Trashing Mubarak, one of our few Muslim friends?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Turning our backs on Israel?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "The joke Iran Nuke deal?"  Trump: "No the other one:"  Hillary: "Leaving Iraq in chaos?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The DOJ spying on the press?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You mean HHS Secretary Sibelius shaking down health insurance Executives?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Giving our cronies in SOLYNDRA $500 MILLION DOLLARS and 3 Months Later they declared bankruptcy and then the Chinese bought it?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The NSA monitoring citizens?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "The State Department interfering with an Inspector General Investigation on departmental sexual misconduct?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Me, The IRS, Clapper and Holder all lying to Congress?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "Threats to all of Bill's former mistresses to keep them quiet?"  Trump: "No, the other one."  Hillary: "You means taking the $145,000,000.00 from Putin for the Uranium Bribe?"  Trump : "No the other one."  Hillary: "I give up! ... Oh wait, I think I've got it! When I stole the White House furniture, silverware and China when Bill left Office?"  Trump: "THAT'S IT!   Hillary: "Geez, they really had to dig to find dirt on me, didn't they? " 
Jeb Bush is at a family reunion eating dinner Jeb Bush is at a family reunion eating dinner with his family. His father asks him to pass the potato salad. Jeb's brother looks at his father and says, "Jeb can't pass you the potato salad. He can't even pass the primaries!"
One day in the future, Donald Trump has a heart-attack and dies. He immediately goes to Hell, where the devil is waiting for him. "I don't know what to do here," says the devil.  “You are on my list, but I have no room for you. You definitely have to stay here, so I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I've got three folks here who weren't quite as bad as you. I'll let one of them go, but you have to take their place. I'll even let YOU decide who leaves."  Donald thought that sounded pretty good, so the devil opened the door to the first room.  In it, was Richard Nixon and a large pool of water. Nixon kept diving in, and surfacing, empty handed.  Over, and over, and over he dived in and surfaced with nothing. Such was his fate in hell.  "No," Donald said. "I don't think so. I'm not a good swimmer and it would ruin my hair. I don't think I could do that all day long.”  The devil led him to the door of the next room. In it, was Ronald Reagan with a sledge-hammer and a room full of rocks.  All he did was swing that hammer, time after time after time. "No, this is no good; I've got this problem with my shoulder.”  “I would be in constant agony if all I could do was break rocks all day”, commented Donald.  The devil opened a third door.  Through it, Donald saw Bill Clinton, lying on the bed, his arms tied over his head, and his legs restrained in a spread-eagle pose.  Bent over him was Monica Lewinsky, doing what she does best.  Donald looked at this in shocked disbelief, and finally said, "Yeah man, I can handle this."  The devil smiled and said, “Okay: Monica, you're free to go."
I heard Donald Trump is going to ban shredded cheese. Part of his plan to make America grate again.
What does Donald Trump get on his nose after ass-kissing? Poo-tin
Sometimes I think that I really sound like Donald Trump But maybe it's just my impression
President Trumps presidency is like a mule with a spinning wheel. Nobody knows how he got and danged if he knows how to use it. 
Trump is so stupid... ...he thought a Brazilian people attended his inauguration.
Women and minorities feel betrayed by Trump being elected... Now they know how smart people felt with George Bush.
The White House Christmas tree and Snoop Dog Two things that are gonna be lit tonight
People need to stop giving Americans crap for electing a president that says a lot of dumb things. It's not like their last republican president was a complete dumbass or anything. In fact it reminds me of saying: "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me... Fool me twice, won't get fooled again" 
Trump at the Olympics Donald Trump is opening the Olympic Games and has to read a speech.   "Oh" he says. "Oh, oh, oh ..."  An aide nudges him, "Mr. Trump, stop," he says. "You're reading the Olympic symbol."
A man parks his bicycle outside the White House A cop comes to him and ask to remove the bicycle immediately saying, "Haven't you any idea which place is this, this is where all the senators, President, Vice-President stay."  Man calms him down, "Don't worry, I have locked my bicycle."   __________________________________________________________________________  Thanks to /u/percygreen for correcting me from Minister to Senator.
You know what you call a Donald Trump follower who likes to toot his horn? A trumpet
What's Trump's favorite tree? Treeson.
It makes sense that John McCain would vote for Donald J. Trumps tax plan Raising taxes on the lower class will give them a sense of pride and accomplishment.
Trump, Moore, and a group of children are in a plane that's going down with only one parachute The pilot comes from the cock pit and shouts   "Quick! Give the children the parachute,  let the children live! "  Trump relied, "I'm the president! Fuck the children!"  to which Moore replied "Do we have time?"
Why does Melania Trump love the Christmas season? Because there’s no orange in cider.
It’s not surprising Republicans are so good at mental gymnastics, They have the Russians coaching them after all!
People think just because I'm a republican I am racist, homophobic, and antisemitic... ...But they are totally wrong, have friends who are niggers, fags, and Jews. 
I think we should let Donald Trump play with knives But only near electrical outlets.
Even with Trump US still provides a free education for foreigners Reeducation at Guantanamo Bay, that is. Five to ten years to get your PhD.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a flying pig? The letter F
Donald Trump outlaws pre-grated cheese, forcing people to buy cheese in blocks. He just wanted to make America grate again.
I don't understand why people keep going after Trump for Russian ties All of his ties are made in China, just look at the label!
Why don't congressional interns care for Christmas? Because by the end of the year they're pretty tired of seeing surprise packages
You can lead a man to Congress, but you can't make him think. \[Credit to Milton Berle\]  &amp;#x200B;  \[Credit and many thanks for the gold to an "anonymous redditor," namely u/Blake88fair\]
What did Trump say to China during the Trade War Negotiations? It's my way, my way or the Huawei.
Why does Donald Trump have such good eye site? Because he’s got 2020
Why will the congress never impeach Trump? Because the republicans always insist on carrying a baby to full term.
Trump should not have said "shit-hole countries". The correct term is "turd-world countries".
Why does Trump want to shut down Taco Bell? He thinks it's the Mexican phone company.
Hey, I understand now. Trump's just trying to turn his presidency into his favorite musical. The Lyin' King. 
[Short] What did Trump say when he accidentally drank from a bottle of O'Douls? FAKE BREWS!
Pope Francis meets with President Trump After their private meeting, the president walks outside to the media and announces “It was a great meeting. Terrific. The very best. Pope Francis and I were in total agreement on 70% of the issues we discussed.”  Then Pope Francis walks outside looking dejected. A reporter asks “Your Holiness, why so glum? President Trump says you were in total agreement on 70% of the issues you discussed.”  Pope Francis replies “We were discussing the Ten Commandments.”
Trump and Obama in a Barber Shop Donald Trump and Barack Obama ended up at the same barber shop. As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken.   The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty. As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave.   But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel."   The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?"   Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife, Michelle, doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
How many republicans does it take to change a light bulb? Wait, hold on, how do we know it's not supposed to be that way?  We've only been looking at that bulb for 2 years, and the scientists who say we need to replace it are probably working for the light bulb industry.  Also, yesterday it was on!  Why do we need to do anything if it's different day to day?  I'm just saying, we need more data...
The Pope and Donald Trump are on stage in front of a huge crowd. The Pope leaned towards Trump and said, “Do you know that with one little wave of my hand I can make every person in this crowd go wild with joy? This joy will not be a momentary display, like that of your followers, but go deep into their hearts and for the rest of their lives whenever they speak of this day, they will rejoice!"        Trump replies, “I seriously doubt that. With one little wave of your hand? Show me!”        So the Pope slapped him.
What is Trump’s favorite tea? Constant Comment
So what is it with the Trump administration and fucking Peuto Ricans? First Huricane Maria, now Kavenaugh.
A Trump supporter walks into a bookstore He asks the Hispanic clerk working in the front, "Hey, I was looking for Trump's new book on how to deal with Mexican thieves and rapists?"  The clerk, obviously enraged, replies; "Get the fuck out of here and never come back!"  The Trump supporter smiles and says; "Yes! Exactly, that one! Do you have it in paperback?"
Obama, Bush and Trump were walking together on a road When they came across a machine looking like a telephone booth. On the door, the instructions were hanging.  "He who enters the machine, can only come out when he speaks the truth".  Obama said he'll give it a try and enters the machine. The door closes and locks and couldn't be opened. Obama thought for a minute and then said.  "My penis is 8 inches"  Machine: \*tooooooot\* (door doesn't open)  Obama: (Slightly embarrassed) "Okay, my penis is 6 inches".  The door opens and Obama gets out. Now its the turn for Bush and he goes inside and the door locks.  Bush: "My penis 8 inches".  Machine: \*tooooooot\*  Bush: "My penis 6 inches".  Machine: \*tooooooot\*  Bush: (Completely embarrassed and with a low voice) "My penis 3 inches"  The door opens and he gets out. Trump can hardly wait to get in. He jumps in and the door locks.  Trump: "My penis......."  Machine: \*tooooooot\*
I asked a Mexican about the Trump wall. He sighed and said ," I'll get over it."
How many Trumps does it take to build a wall? Zero. They would get the Mexicans to build the wall, pay for the wall, then deport them after.
What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a screwdriver? A screwdriver turns in screws, and Bill screws interns
As a gesture of good faith, Trump and some of his former staff known to be white nationalists are trying to raise money for victims of the Charlottesville march by running in a charity race. It's a 3K.
Did you know Donald Trump uses golf to seduce women? It's his foreplay.
How many people does Trump need to change a light bulb? His whole administration!   He first needs to roll back federal efficiency standards on light bulbs and then get someone to find an extinct incandescent bulb to screw on.     Source: Trump administration planned to roll back light bulb efficiency standards last month. 
My staunch republican friend got blessed with a baby boy. I congratulated him and wished that his son turns out to be the future Donald Trump. Dont know why he disconnected the call and blocked me. 
How many Trump supporters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 3  1 to screw it in most of the way  1 to screw it in the rest of the way  And 1 to say “BoTh SiDeS ArE ThE SaMe!”
If a zombie apocalypse broke out, Donald Trump would be the sole survivor Because zombies love to eat brains
Honestly, Trump has a point His daughter is pretty hot.
I made a funny joke about Donald Trump’s wall, but I forgot it... All I remember was that it was borderline racist
If you suck at playing the trumpet, That's probably why.
Donald Trump, Angela Merkel, and Vladimir Putin are being chased by a horde of angry Arab bandits. "Please stop chasing us, I'll pay you!" Trump screams, but the bandits just keep charging.  "Please stop chasing us, I can get your countries accepted into the EU!" Merkel yells, but the bandits seem to dislike this offer and continue the charge.  "I have an idea," says Putin. He turns around to face the bandits, smiles, and says, "Prevyet, comrades! You are now crossing the border of the mighty Russian Federation!"  All the bandits flee screaming.﻿
I've just uncovered irrefutable evidence that Hillary Clinton knew about the 30,000 emails she deleted as well as what really happened in Benghazi. I'm sharing it because the American people have the right to know the tr
What do american football league quarterback Kirk Cousins and president Donald Trump have in common? They have both led their respective leagues in fumbles and interceptions over the last 2 years
A presidential aide says to Trump; "Sir, I had a dream about your parade yesterday night." "Was it yuge?" Trump asked, visibly interested.  "Oh, yes," said the aide, "there were millions of cheering people turning out to celebrate all along the streets."  "Was it tremendous? Trump asked, visibly excited.  "Oh, yes," the aid replied; "You were in a huge carriage, flanked by all the members of your family and cabinet. They were also very proud and happy, particularly your wife."  Trembling with excitement and rubbing his little orange hands together, Trump questions the aide: "And tell me, was I looking good?"  The aide replies: "I didn't know, sir. The casket was closed."
I have so many salacious jokes about Trump... But they were blocked by NDAs.
Who is more to blame for all the controversy in the White House? The blonde with the big tits or Stormy Daniels?
Donald Trump is asked "What's 2 + 2?" I have to say a lot of people have been asking this question. No, really. A lot of people come up to me, and they ask me. They say, 'What's 2+2'? And I tell them, look, we know what 2+2 is. We've had almost eight years of the worst kind of math you can imagine. Oh, my God, I can't believe it. Addition and subtraction of the 1s the 2s and the 3s. It's terrible. It's just terrible. Look, if you want to know what 2+2 is, do you want to know what 2+2 is? I'll tell you. First of all the number 2, by the way, I love the number 2. It's probably my favorite number, no it is my favorite number. You know what, it's probably more like the number two but with a lot of zeros behind it. A lot. If I'm being honest, I mean, if I'm being honest. I like a lot of zeros. Except for Marco Rubio, now he's a zero that I don't like. Though, I probably shouldn't say that. He's a nice guy, but he's like, '10101000101,' on and on, like that. He's like a computer! You know what I mean? He's like a computer. I don't know. I mean, you know. So, we have all these numbers, and we can add them and subtract them and add them. TIMES them even. Did you know that? We can times them OR divide them, they don't tell you that, and I'll tell you, no one is better at the order of operations than me. You wouldn't believe it. So, we're gonna be the best on 2+2, believe me.
Trump, Merkel and Putin test a new machine that tells the future of countries First Trump goes, he pulls out a paper and reads: in 50 years America will still be one of the greatest countries in the world. They'll have defeated North Korea without dropping a bomb and they'll have the highest average wage in the world. After that it's Putin's turn, he pulls out his paper and reads: in 50 years Russia will have the strongest military in the world, and will be richer than ever because of newly discovered oil veins. Full of excitement Merkel pulls out a paper, looks at it for a while and then puts it in her pocket. Trump asks: "what does it say Angela? " "Ehmmmmmm, I can't read it, it's in Arabic"
What is the difference between Donald Trump and an orangutan? One is an orange beast that makes noise and flings crap at people. The other is an ape.
It's ironic that Trump pulls out of so many things we want to keep ...his dad obviously refused to pull out.
Donald Trump still hasn't released his tax returns 12 women have accused him of sexual assault, and he's going on trial for fraud for Trump University in November, but now the only thing the media's talking about is emails.  It's like if during the O.J. trial everyone was focused on whether or not the Ford Bronco had up-to-date registration.
In the wake of Trump meeting the "President of Virgin Islands", it remind me the two sides of Trump's brain: "left" and "right"... In the left side, there's nothing right.   In the right side, there's nothing left.﻿  
How do all these anti-Trump Youtube videos make it to Trending in a matter of minutes? Fake views.
I heard that some Toyota drivers won't be covered under the new Trumpcare bill Because of their priusxisting health conditions.
What is the difference between Donald J. Trump and the Hindenberg? One is an exploding Nazi gas bag, whose fiery crash and destruction played out on camera; the flaming doom marked the end, not just of itself, but for all that followed in it's line. Its blaze of failure permanently seared into the collective consciousness of humanity. A disaster that would be talked about for decades to come. An explosion of hubris simultaneously tragic and farcical that it made commentators fear for Humanity.               The other is a rigid airship constructed in Friedrichshafen.
Trump’s bodyguards have found a new phrase for “Mr. President get down!” Donald duck!
Barak Obama, Donald Trump, a priest and a horse walk into a bar... The bartender looks up from his register, gives each customer a good once-over, and asks:  "What is this, some kind of joke?"
Trump and his son DT Jr. bump into each other in the hallway. "Pardon me dad"
What does Hillary Clinton do with her old, out-of-style clothes? She wears them.
Not all Trump supporters are racist but all racists are Trump supporters!
Alternative facts: Trump didn't move the White House It's still in Washington AC.
How does Trump supporters like their steaks? Overcucked.
Donald Trump is visiting Queen Elizabeth. Mr Trump turns to Queen Elizabeth and says "I want to be a King."    Liz says "Ahh but you do not have a kingdom."   Don says "What about a prince?"  Liz says "Ahh but you do not have a principality."  Don says "A duke then?"  Liz says "Ahh but you do not have a duchy."  Don asks "Well what can I be?"  Liz says "Well I think a country suits you well."
Donald Trump came up to me and was talking about how his knees are sore And I told him, “Well, I can misogyny.”
If Donald Trump gets impeached.... he could always apply for the Bureau of Public Affairs.
What did Mathew McConaughey say as he strolled past the Donald Trump rally? altright, altright, altright
What is Donald Trump's favorite music album? The Wall
What's the difference between the Mormons and Donald Trump? One has millions of religious zealots that think you're going to Hell and the rest of the world can't stand. The other's a church.
Why does trump have all of his rallies at night? All of his supporters have jobs
Donald Trump is standing in the gallows... The executioner is fitting the rope around his neck.  Below the platform are all the news networks. They are all clamoring for a final statement before the man is hanged for his crimes.  Trump simply smiles and shakes his head.   Finally, one question is heard above the roar of the crowd?  "Aren't you worried about dying?" A voice asks.  Trump shrugs his shoulders as he smiles again and shakes his head for the last time.  He replies: "Fake noose."  ____  Edited *hung* to *hanged.*
What classic rock band do Trump supporters hate the most? Foreigner
What sound does Trump make when he's sleeping? (snooore) me me me me me
Donald Trump dies and goes to hell. Donald Trump has a heart attack and dies. He goes to Hell where the Devil is waiting for him.   "I don't know what to do,"  says the Devil. "You're on my list but I have no room for you.  But you definitely have to stay here, so I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I've got three people here who weren't quite as bad as you. I'll let one of them go, but you have  to take their place.  I'll even let YOU decide who leaves.”   Trump thought that sounded pretty good so he agreed.   The devil opened the first room. In it was Richard Nixon and a large pool of water. He kept diving in and surfacing  empty handed over and over and over, such was his fate in Hell.   "No!" Trump said. "I don't think so. I'm not a good swimmer and I don't think I could do that all day long."   The Devil led him to the next room. In it was Tony Blair with a sledgehammer and a  room full of rocks. All he did was swing  that hammer, time after time after time.   "No! I've got this problem with my shoulder. I would be in constant agony if all I could do was break rocks all day!" commented  Trump.   The Devil opened a third door. In it, Trump  saw Bill Clinton lying naked on the floor with his arms staked over his head and  his legs staked in spread-eagle pose. Bent over him was Monica Lewinsky, doing what she does best.   Trump looked at this in disbelief for a while and finally said, "Yeah, I can  handle this."   The Devil smiled and said,   "Monica, you're free to go!" 
What did Donald Trump say to the thing on top of the Tiki torch? You're fire!
Did you hear about the mime that hung himself at the Trump Rally? He's fine. It was just Fake Noose.
How many Trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb? Trick question, all they'll do is sit around and complain about how black the room is.
I think I finally figured out what to get Trump for Christmas! A nice watch, because he's always asking for the TIME!
What do you call Bill Clinton's office? The Headquarters.
NSFW. A woman had been rumored to have engaged in sexual congress. She had actually been engaged as the domme in a group BDSM play with no intercourse, so it was more like a subcommittee.  
What did Trump do with the broken cheese grater? He made it grate again
Apparently there was a Problem with a request to put Trump's Face on Mount Rushmore It seems granite isn't a dense enough substance to accurately portray his head
What's Hillary Clinton's favourite musical instrument? Harm Monica
finally discovered why all the evangelicals support Trump "He is the ultimate cure to omosexuality: just one year of Trump and all the gay men in america suddenly realized how much they miss the bush"
Trump: "I can piss off an entire country just by showing up lol" Musk: "Hold my sugarcane juice..."
If Jared Kushner can't fix the Levant, who will Trump appoint instead? Kanye East. 
Obama walks into a Subaru dealership And tries to buy a Legacy
Putin asks Trump "What's 2+2?" I have to say a lot of people have been asking this question. No, really. A lot of people come up to me, and they ask me. They say, 'What's 2+2'? And I tell them, look, we know what 2+2 is. We've had almost eight years of the worst kind of math you can imagine. Oh, my God, I can't believe it. Addition and subtraction of the 1s the 2s and the 3s. It's terrible. It's just terrible. Look, if you want to know what 2+2 is, do you want to know what 2+2 is? I'll tell you. First of all the number 2, by the way, I love the number 2. It's probably my favorite number, no it is my favorite number. You know what, it's probably more like the number two but with a lot of zeros behind it. A lot. If I'm being honest, I mean, if I'm being honest. I like a lot of zeros. Except for Angela Merkel, now she's a zero that I don't like. Though, I probably shouldn't say that. She's a nice gal, but she's like, '10101000101,' on and on, like that. She's like a computer! You know what I mean? She's like a computer. I don't know. I mean, you know. So, we have all these numbers, and we can add them and subtract them and add them. TIMES them even. Did you know that? We can times them OR divide them, they don't tell you that, and I'll tell you, no one is better at the order of operations than me. You wouldn't believe it. So, we're gonna be the best on 2+2, believe me. 
How did Putin propose to Trump? He went to Jared
A Nigerian diplomat, a Saudi prince, a Mexican magnate and Donald Trump are traveling on a plane... Suddenly, a bird collides against one of the engines and the plane crashes on a desert.       All of the passengers survive, and they start walking towards a random direction together, in hopes someone might find and rescue them.       As they keep walking, they notice something shinning in the distance.       "Don't go" -says the MExican magnate- "because it is obviously a mirage fooling us!"       "No, wait! -yells the Saudi prince- "I know what it is! It may help us out of here!"       They all rush and find an old oil lamp. The Saudi prince grabs it and rubs it with his hand, and suddenly a genie appears.       "Thee who is't has't hath found the Lamp of the Genie, I shalt grant thee one desire!"       The Saudi prince answers:       "I want to get out of this place! Teleport me back to my country, where I am rich, and I may have as many women at my disposal as I may desire!"       "Thy desire hast been did grant!"-yelled the Genie, and the Saudi prince was brought back home.        The Genie disappeared into the oil lamp and the Nigerian diplomat grabbed and rubed it. The Genie appeared again:       "Thee who is't has't hath found the Lamp of the Genie, I shalt grant thee one desire!"         "I want to fulfill my lifetime desire! Teleport me to a country where everybody regards me the as their rightful Prince, with my own GMail account that is never listed as spam! Oh and I want lots of mon..."         "Thy desire hast been did grant!"-yelled the Genie, and everyone around started receiving mails about a Nigerian prince in need of a loan.        The Genie disappeared again, and the Mexican magnate rubbed the lamp this time.       "Thee who is't has't hath found the Lamp of the Genie, I shalt grant thee one desire!"        "Amigo! I want you to get me out of here, but do not teleport me to Mexico, as my enemies are looking for me! Teleport me to a new country where I can still keep my fortune but hold a different identity, perhaps be a philanthropist, or even an inventor!"       "Thy desire hast been did grant!"-yelled the Genie, and the magnate was teleported to South Africa where everyone henceforth called him with the name of Elon.       Trump grabbed the lamp and gave it a skeptical look, then rubbed it. The Genie appeared again and with his thunderous voice, he yelled:       "Thee who is't has't hath found the Lamp of the Genie, I shalt grant thee one desire!"         But Trump said nothing. He kept staring at the Genie and then back to his surroundings. The Genie yelled again:        "I hath said I shall grant thee a wisheth! Whatev'r thee wanteth, I can maketh t befall! what doth thee desire?"       Trump gave the Genie the look, looked around, and said:       "No blacks, no muslims, no mexicans... Well, I'll have a beer."
How do you spell treason? TRE45ON
What's the difference between a particle accelerator and Donald Trump? One is a large hadron collider and the other is a small hard-on colluder.  Both think they have something to do with a Big Bang.
And verily, John said to the Lord, “The world shall end with Trumpets?” God: No, I meant Trump/Pence.  John: Trumpets, got it.  God: No... ah, forget it.
Abdel Fattah el-Sisi (Egyptian president) and Donald Trump met each other. El Sisi: Oh! Trump,how do you trick the nation into paying more on projects? Trump: That’s easy. You see that project over there. Well, it costs 1billion but we tell them that it costs 1.5 billion. And what about you? El Sisi: You see that project over there? Trump: There’s nothing there! El Sisi: Well it costs 5 billion
Breaking News: Bill gates has agreed to pay trump's wall On the condition of he gets to install Windows
What's the differnce between Donald Trump and an iPad? Trick question, you shouldn't compare apples and oranges.
Donald Trump decided to take a wait and see approach on closing the Mexican border. Someone got through to him and said, “Hell hath no fury like a millennial without their avocado toast.”  Note: I am a millennial. 
Have you heard about this new ideology called libertarian fascism? It's where you have concentration camps but they're all privatized.
Trump wants to ban shredded cheese. He wants to make America grate again. 
James Buchanan was eating lunch at the White House towards the end of his term. Since Buchanan had lived there for a while, the next president asked him what foods he recommends at the White House. James loves pig meat so he tells Lincoln:   “Aye, bruh, ham.”
Eight of the Supreme Court justices, except for Ginsburg, went out on a killing spree, executing everyone they came across..... ... they were Ruthless
Why would Donald Trump run into an active school shooting, even if unarmed? Because he knows one of his supporters would never shoot him
What did Trump say during the Fappening? **FAKE NUDES!!!!**
Obama, Queen Elizabeth and Vladimir Putin all died and, as former world leaders, were being given a tour of hell While there, they saw a red phone and asked what the phone is for. The devil tells them it is for calling back to Earth.  Putin asks to call Russia and talks for 5 minutes. When he is finished the devil informs him that the cost is a million dollars, so Putin writes him a check.  Next Queen Elizabeth calls England and talks for 30 minutes. When she is  finished the devil informs her that the cost is 6 million dollars, so she writes him a check.  Finally Obama gets his turn and talks for 4 hours. When he is finished the devil informs him that the cost is $5.00.  When Putin hears this he goes ballistic and asks the devil why Obama got to call USA so cheaply.  The devil smiled and replied: "Since Trump took over, the country has gone to hell, so it's a local call."
A Republican is Sitting in a Bar... A union boss walks in from the factory next door and is about to order a beer when he sees a guy at the far end of the bar wearing a TRUMP “Make America Great Again” cap with two beers sitting in front of him.  The union boss doesn’t need to be an Einstein to know that this guy is a Republican, so he shouts over to the bartender so loudly that everyone can hear, "Drinks for everyone in here, bartender...but not for the Republican."  Soon after the drinks have been passed out, the Republican gives him a big smile, waves at him then says, "Thank you!" in an equally loud voice.  This infuriates the union boss.  After a few minutes, the union boss once again loudly orders drinks for everyone except the Republican. As before, this doesn’t seem to bother the Republican. He nods and smiles, and again yells, "Thank you!"  A few more minutes pass and the union boss orders another round of drinks for everyone except the Republican. Just as before, this STILL doesn't seem to faze the Republican who continues smiling and again yells out, "Thank you!!"  Frustrated that he can’t seem to get the guy angered, the union boss asks the bartender, "What is wrong with that Republican? I’ve ordered three rounds of drinks for everyone in the bar but him, and all the dummy does is smile and thank me. Is he nuts?"  "Nope," replies the bartender. "He owns the place."
Donald Trump and Mike Pence were having breakfast at the White House The waitress asks Pence what he would like, and he replies, "I'd like a bowl of oatmeal and some fruit."   "And what can I get for you, Mr. President?" Trump replies with his trademark lecherous leer, "How about a quickie this morning?"   "Mr. President!" the waitress exclaims. "How rude! You're starting to act like Mr. Clinton, and you've only been in office for a year! ''   As the waitress storms away, Pence leans over to Trump and whispers... "Mr President, It's pronounced 'quiche'."      
How’s Donald Trump going to get rid of all the Mexicans? Juan by Juan
Where's Donald Trump's favorite place to shop? WALL-MART!  
Donald Trump, Vladimr Putin and Angela Merkel take a walk on the Beach. Seeing the great body of water, Mr Trump felt the need to reassure the two others of his countries militaristic superiority.  "Folks, I can tell you, our Navy Submarines, are so big and so good, would you believe it, they can stay dived from the moment they leave the Port, to the day they enter it again 6 Months later. You haven't ever seen such great Submarines in your entire life, folks."  Putin, not looking really impressed, answerers:  "That's great, Donald. But my new Nuclear Submarines can stay submerged for almost an entire year. They are able to drive around the whole world without refueling, restocking, surfacing. What do you think of that?"  The two turn to Angela Merkel, and ask, "How long can the German Submarines stay dived, Mrs Merkel?"  Before Mrs Merkel can answer, the water next to them starts bubbling, and a big grey hull emerges from the sea. As soon as it comes to rest, the hatch on the tower creeks open, and a man in black uniform steps out. He raises his hand, and shouts,  "Heil Hitler, we need more Diesel."
Donald Trump walks into a bar... ...and promptly lowers it.
Trump Administration Movie Title: The Art of Taking a Deal. 
What's the one thing that could get more news coverage than 4 years of Trump running for President? 4 minutes of Trump running *as* President.
What is Bernie Madoffs prison nickname? Bernie Made off with my money
Eric Swalwell has become the first Democratic candidate to withdraw his bid for POTUS I guess he passed the torch.
Trump having a conversation with Mike Pence. Trump: The less immigrants we let in the better.  Pence: The fewer.  Trump: Shhh, don't call me that in public yet.
Donald Trump was having trouble with his business. Whatever he tried, nothing seemed to work. Exasperated, he went to church to ask for advice. Preacher told him: "All the answers are in the Bible, my son. Just open it and you'll see an answer to your problem".   So he followed the advice - went back to the Trump Hotel, opened a Bible in one of the rooms, and the first thing he saw was: "Chapter 11".
Donald Trump decided to take a break from presidency and visit Greenland.. He's put up in a nice hotel with the best service in the region.  However, there is a problem.  Every time he goes out to do some sightseeing, someone keeps calling him "Cunt".  He comes back to the hotel and asks the manager about this strange phenomenon.  The manager says, "Whenever they see one, the call them the word 'Cunt'. They are our nation's pride and they are everywhere in this region."  Trump is intrigued and asks what they are.  The manager says they are just their trees and they recognize Cunts whenever they walk past these trees.  Trump is angry and orders his staff to buy all these trees, so he can cut them down.  The staff goes out and try to find the owners of these trees.  After a month of searching, they report back to Trump why they cannot buy these trees.  The report simply states "You cannot buy 'Cunt Trees' and no one will sell their 'Cunt Tree' to Donald Trump"
Trump won't dare to attempt to take Greenland by force. They have the Nuuk.
Why does Trump want to buy Greenland? Because he wants to build an ICE detention center.     ...I will see myself out.
What does Abraham Lincoln, John F. Kennedy and Donald Trump has in common? Wait, why is FBI knocking at my door?
Do you know why Donald trump wants to ban the shredded Mexican cheese in a bag ? He wants to make America Grate again
Trump talking about buying Greenland is having Americans confront their biggest adversary... ...geography.
What’s the difference between trump and an asshole? You can clean an asshole and get it to stop spewing shit all over the place
An elite Army Ranger, Top trained Navy Seal and a Recon Marine are at a presidential dinner party at the white house with their wives... After the party died down a bit, the president asked each of these men to meet him outside his office with their wifes. He asked them to have a seat outside the oval office while he interviewed with each of them individually. They all readily agreed, and first came the U.S Army Ranger, the president slowly glided over a top secret folder with his fingers over it, he stated to the Ranger "in order for you to agree to see the contents of this folder, there is one thing you need to do, and that is shoot your wife" he said in a flat tone while pulling out a shotgun from under his desk,  the army ranger feeling his heart falter looked away and said "I apologize sir, I can not do that for my country." "Look. don't be sorry, you made the right choice" the president responded rather quickly. . After exchanging pleasentries the president asked the ranger if he could send in the Navy Seal.. Just like the ranger before him he faltered and could not do the deed, So at last came the Recon Marine and like before the president pulled out the weapon and the Marine looked at it grabbed it and went outside, after sounds of shots and a struggle the Marine  came back into the oval office out of breath and sweaty, after the president asked what happened, the Marine says "Well I tried to shoot her but you gave me a shotgun with blanks! So it was a struggle to strangle her to death."  Edit: hope you enjoyed.   Trying to set a record for longest joke. 
Bill Clinton dies and goes to heaven He waits at the Pearly Gates, where he is greeted by St. Peter. St Peter says "I don't see your name on my list. What bad things did you do on earth?" Bill says "Well I smoked marijuana, but it doesn't count because I didn't inhale. And I lied, but I didn't commit perjury".    St Peter says, "Okay, here's the deal. I'm sending you to a place where it is very hot, but we won't call it Hell. You'll be there for an indefinite amount of time, but we won't call it eternity. And don't abandon hope when you get there, just don't hold your breath waiting for it to freeze over".
Donald Trump has a short one, Arnold Schwarzenegger has a long one, and Cher doesn’t have one. What am I talking about? A last name, you sick freaks.
Trump and Clinton had a race around The White House... Trump edged out Clinton by 10 seconds, but both paled to Bush. He completed it in 9:11.
Donald Trump Quit Gaming Because of Smurfing He just hates fake newbs. 
Donald Trump promised a wall, but he keeps changing what this wall comprises. He seems to be on the fence about it.
You cannot compare Steve Jobs with Donald Trump. It would be apples vs oranges.
What happens when a Republican and a Lobbyist get in bed? Tax payer gets screwed  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  Credit: Cenk Uyger
Iran:”White house you are mentally retarded” Trump:”Iran is taking aggressive behaviour” Iran:”do you speak English?”
What is Donald Trump and Ted Nugent’s favorite sports team? The Dodgers.   (Low, low hanging fruit. My sincerest apologies.)
What do Daenerys Targaryen and Donald Trump have in common? Small hands.
If you switch the B and S in Osama bin Laden, it becomes Obama Sin-Laden . . . Some might consider that prophetic, others slanderous.   But I say it's just flippin' BS.
What does your appendix, Republicans, and the slow lane have in common with Matthew McConaughey? All right, all right, all right.   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;
(Long) Donald Trump has a meeting with the Queen of England... ...And he says 'Your majesty, I think America is the greatest country, all the people, I've asked say so, all over the world, and they all agree, we should become, a Kingdom!'  The Queen looks at him and says 'Mr Trump, in order to become a Kingdom you need a King, and you are certainly not a King.'  Trump seems a little hurt, but he powers on and says 'Well maybe then, this great country, should become, an Empire, so many people say so, I think it would be absolutely fantastic, we should definitely do it!'  The Queen stares at him again and says 'Mr Trump, for an Empire you need an Emperor, you are definitely not an Emperor.'  Trump, feeling very much defeated, retorts with one more offer.  'Your Majesty, this is a great country, and I am the best leader, all the world thinks so, and I think, with my incredible leadership, and such experience, we should become a principality, they'll love it!'  The Queen stares him down and leans forward, 'Mr Trump, a Principality requires a Prince, while you may be heir to a business, that most certainly does not make you a prince!'  Trump falls quiet and sighs in exhaustion.  The Queen looks out of the window and sips on her tea.  'You know Mr Trump, after our meeting, I rather think you are still very much suited to running a Country...'
Trump (thanks for sorting by new) It's Trump's wedding anniversary in a few days - in a rare tender moment he described the first time he laid eyes on Melania, and clicked 'add to cart'
If Biden wins the primary and runs against Trump... It's going to be an uncomfortably close election.
The United States Post Office has issued a recall of the official Donald Trump Presidential stamp People were too confused about which side to spit on
Tiger Woods and Bill Clinton are playing at a charity golf tournament. Bill sees Tiger at the urinals and peeks down to see that Tiger is very well endowed.   "Tiger, what is your secret?" Bill asks.  Tiger responds: "It's really simple. Every night before I get in bed I whack my dick against my bedpost 3 times. It's been working for me for years!"   Bill goes home that night and as he's about to get into bed, he decides to try Tiger's trick. So he takes his dick out and whacks in on the bedpost 3 times.  Hillary shuffles in bed -- "Tiger...is that you?"
What happens when Trump takes Viagra? He gets taller
Why is it impossible for trump to hang himself? It’s a fake noose. 
Do you know the difference between Vladimir Putin and Hillary Clinton? Vladimir Putin can win an election rigged in his favor
It was reported that Donald Trump tried, unsuccessfully, to hang himself yesterday. Fake noose.
What is Donald Trump’s favourite legume? Chick pee
I just got a license plate that says "TRUMP" installed on my car... For some reason, the FBI keeps pulling me over.
Donald Trump was admiring the Sistine chapel Trump : this is the bestest painting I’ve ever seen  Docent : yes indeed Mr. President , it was painted by Michaelangelo ..  Trump : I know the fake news media makes me look like an idiot but I’m not foolish to believe that it was painted by a freaking turtle 
What's the difference between a democratic system and a feudal system? In one your vote counts, in the other, your count votes.
What was Donald trumps favourite pitch to throw at the staff baseball game? A change up 
Steve Jobs would have been a better president than Trump But I guess it's not fair to compare apples and oranges
Donald Trump is walking out of the White House and heading toward his limo, when a possible assassin steps forward and aims a gun. A secret service agent, new on the job, shouts "Mickey Mouse!" This startles the would be assassin and he is captured.   Later, the secret service agent's supervisor takes him aside and asks, "What in the hell made you shout Mickey Mouse?"   Blushing, the agent replies, "I got nervous. I meant to shout "Donald, duck!"
Hillary Clinton found out that Bill was getting it on with Monica Lewinsky. She shrugged her shoulders and said "Better her than me." 
What would you call Donald Trump's hands, if they had a rap career? Bigly Smalls. 
Why are Republicans always so constipated? They can’t seem to get their heads out of their asses
What does Trump mumble when he sees someone wearing Yeezy's? "Fake shoes."
A redneck calls up the White House and tells the receptionist:"I'd like to become the next President of the United States." The receptionist: "What are you, an idiot? "Redneck: "Why, is it required? "
Did you hear Remington is going out of business thanks to Trump being elected? Turns out Trump will be the last Bushmaster.
Whatever else he's done, Trump is serious about creating jobs. The White House is always hiring.
If I had a penny for every time Donald Trump said something stupid, I would have a small loan of a million dollars
If opposite of pro is con. Then opposite of progress is congress... By this logic Constitution will turn into Prostituition.
Why did Trump push for Congress to change the national bird after seeing one get sick in a zoo? He hates ill eagles.
The new Prime Minister of the UK is... Boris Johnson
Did you hear Trump wants to ban pre-shredded cheese? He wants to Make America Grate Again.
How many nickels does a republican have? Zero, they don't like change.
USA: "Trump won the presidency!" UK: "Hold my tea."
Donald Trump Wants To Rename Mike Pence’s Plane. Air Force Too
Congress announced today they would be removing all crime lab budgets from the state of Alabama Because crimes can’t be solved there since everyone has the same DNA and there are no dental records.
When Donald Trump became president Little did he know
What does Donald Trump call it when he uses Viagra? A rigged erection. 
So Trump runs into James Comey at a party... "Hey, Jim Comey, what's new?"  "I don't have to tell you any more."
President Trump Signs on as Spokesperson for Tang FAKE JUICE!!!!
Come on, Trump has no ties in Russia. His ties are made in China. His business loans are in Russia.
Why are Trump's ties so long? Because they go all the way to Russia
Hillary Clinton got sick from eating at a high end restaurant... she claimed her server had a virus
Turns out Trump just got confused He made the swamp great again and drained America. 
What do Lincoln, Kennedy, and Trump have in common? Nothing.  Yet.
Trump opens a window in the white house to let a fly out.. And In comes 3 bees, 5 mosquitoes, 2 Jehovah's witnesses and some illegal Mexicans.
What is trump's plan against global warming? Nuclear winter
What would a Trump Impeachment look like? ...ironically, I imagine at least part of it would involve thousand of Muslims celebrating in New Jersey..."  John Oliver.
What did Trump do when his fax machine broke He bought an alternate fax machine 
Why doesn't Donald Trump wear glasses? BECAUSE HE ALREADY HAS 2020
What is Donald Trump's favorite butterfly The monarch because it always goes back to Mexico
Donald Trump is racist, but even he doesn’t want to call a black person the N-word And if he has anything to say about it, he will never ever call one one “neighbor”.
Donald Trump is 6 feet and 3 inches. Those are two different measurements 
Say what you will about Trump's Presidency, but you can't overlook what he has accomplished in terms of healthcare specifically life expectancy... He managed to turn one year into something that feels like an eternity. 
What do Trump and Apple have in common? They both put “i” before everything.
Donald Trump, feels concerned that the people don't like him.  So, he puts on a disguise and goes onto the streets of New York. He approaches a man on a street corner and asks, "What do you think about Trump ?" The man looks around nervously and replies, "I can't say it out in the open, there's a chance others might hear me! Follow me down that alleyway."   Trump follows the man, until they feel that they're far enough away from any eavesdroppers.   At last, the man leans over and whispers, "I support Trump!"
What color crayon do you use to color a picture of Trump? Im-Peach
What do Trump and the iPhone have in common? NVM, we should never compare Apples to oranges.  
A protester who shouted "Donald Trump is a moron!" in front of the White House was arrested by the secret service and given 25 years in prison. “5 years for defamation,” the court had announced, “and an additional 20 years for leaking top-secret information.”
[OC, I think] An old conservative goes to the doctor for a check up... The doctor takes his pulse, blood pressure, etc.  He then takes a blood sample and sends it to the lab to be tested.  When the test results get back, the doctor tells the old conservative "I'm sorry sir, but you have severe heart disease.  You will likely die of a heart attack within a short period of time, weeks at most".  The old conservative yells "That's not possible!  I don't believe in heart disease!  You can't make me believe in heart disease!  This is a free country and you can't tell me what to think! I\-"  The old man then drops dead of a heart attack.  Edit: Can we get a \[Political\] flair on this?
If Trump played DnD, what weapon would he use? Fire staff.
Kim Jung-un wants to meet Trump in the DMZ But Trump prefers TMZ
What do Kanye and Trump have in common? They are both "very stable geniuses"
Perfect solution to make the Right want gun control... Rename schools to uteruses so they’ll care about kids dying there.
Why did Donald Trump push to ban shredded cheese? He wanted to Make America Grate Again.  P.S. I know how CHEESY that joke was. my bad.
Have you heard of the new republican themed condom that is taking off? It's extremely thin skinned and very sensitive
Trump Hired Bill Clinton's Impeachment lawyer! Just made me laugh more than many jokes i found here
Did you hear what Trump said about Roe vs. Wade? I don't care HOW those damn Cubans get home. 
Donald Trump and Barack Obama’s ended up at the same barber As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty. As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife Michelle doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
Why did the dyslexic man get thrown out of the Texas Republican rally? TAXES!!!
Did you hear about the libertarian terrorist plot to take over the government... ...and leave everyone alone?
Why is Donald Trump so good at the racetrack? He’s a stable genius. 
A aide comes into the Oval Office and says to Trump "Sir, three Brazilian soldiers were killed in Afghanistan last night." Trump looks absolutely devastated, nobody's ever seen him like this. He slumps back in his chair, saying OMG over and over. Then he composes himself and says: "Okay. Just remind me, how many are there in a brazillion?"
I can't believe Trump wants to [REDACTED] his [REDACTED] while [REDACTED] with his [REDACTED] up his [REDACTED] WTF? I thought the NSA wasn't getting paid.   Damn they work fast.
Why aren't there any zombies in the White House? Because they feed on brains.
During his presidency, there were some files that even Obama couldn’t touch.  The \*For Biden\* files. 
How can you tell if Donald Trump is lying? His lips move.   (Found this joke on Quora.)
What is Donald Trumps favorite thing to read? The Wall Street Journal
Trump likes his sex like he likes his walls. Paid for.
What’s Donald Trump’s favorite part of interracial sex? Pulling out.
What’s the difference between Trump and a flying pig? The letter “f”
What do Steve Jobs and Donald Trump have in common They both hate PC culture. 
Today, Senate Republicans declared that they see no path forward to end the government shutdown In other words: they've hit a wall
Why is Trump so fixated about the border? Because he is hooked on adderwall
[Political] The Navajo around here call Donald Trump "Walking Eagle" They say he's so full of shit he can't fly. 
It’s not that Trump doesn’t believe in climate change He just wants to Make Greenland Green Again. 
M obama Ever realize mo bamba might just be Michelle Obama’s nickname? M. Obama Mo bamba
Everyone is talking about how Melania Trump hasn't been seen for the past few weeks. I think it's normal to take some time off while you're renegotiating your work contract.
Donald Trump; tweeting while walking to the pisser at 4 a.m., accidentally walks into the closed bathroom door. Not paying attention that the reflection in the body mirror is himself, he says: "Pardon me"
President Trump accidentally bumped into Chief Justice Roberts. Trump: "Pardon me."  Roberts: "Well that is your absolute right."
The Owners Of The Bakery At The Center Of The Supreme Court Case Should Lean Into Their Conservative Ideology They should rename it "Life Begins At Confection"
The Koch brothers are stepping in to challenge Trump... ...Guess it takes one to know one
‪There’s two things trump supporters hate: being called a racist, and black people. ‬
Why does Dale Earnhardt Jr hate trump? Because a wall killed his dad
What are Donald Trump's favorite kind of nuts? Walnuts
I'm getting real tired of people comparing Trump to Hitler. I mean, I get it: they both appeal to the radical far right Uber-nationalists and blame problems on minority groups but whatever, it's getting out of hand. Grow up and show some damn respect!Hitler at least actively served in the military and didn't get a deferment. 
What do conservatives, republicans, liberals, and democrats all have in common? They're all boring people for getting so involved in politics 
Trump and USMCA Why did Trump call it the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement? Because United States-Canada And Mexico was too honest an acronym. 
Donald Trump gets kidnapped... A driver stuck in traffic outside of Washington, DC hears this on the radio.  No cars were moving and a group of people were going window to window; he rolls his down and asks, "What's going on?"  "Terrorists have kidnapped Donald Trump and they're asking for a $100 million dollar ransom. Otherwise, they are going to douse him in gasoline and burn him alive on national television.  We are going car to car collecting contributions."  "How much is everyone giving on average?"  The man replies, "Roughly a gallon."
Donald Trump's brain is so big It's too much of a hassle to take it with him 
why does Donald trump hate a box of chocolates there are too many black ones and not enough white ones
If there was a bipartisan push in Congress to legalize medical marijuana for arthritis treatment... there would be joint support for joint support for joint support.
A Trump Dump When your face goes orange from trying to get the brown out of your system.
Back in October Donald Trump claims that Mike Pence wants to hang gay people... I hope it's fake noose.
Why did the Roy Moore supporter call Donald Trump’s mother? To ask for a date with her physically matured child.
If Obama declared bankruptcy and started living on the streets, what would be his Economic Status? Baroque
What was George Bush’s favorite sports team? The New York Jets 
Mitt Romney is so white... Mayonnaise spreads *him* on bread!
Trump's... Trump's next business venture upon leaving the oval office is rumoured to be a credit card called 'White Privilege'...
Bernie Sanders confronted the head of the NSA and asked him why they are still illegally surveilling Americans. The guy replied, “Some people just like to watch the world, Bern.”
Nancy Pelosi said if she was married to Donald Trump she’d poison his coffee, Donald Trump said if he was married to her he’d drink it!
How many Trump supporters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? I’m not sure, but they haven’t even bought the bulb yet.  Guess they’re still waiting for the Mexicans to pay for it.
Why isn’t Donald Trump concerned about global warming? Because a rising sea level lifts all boats
President Trump was told about the new abortion bill. Trump in a low whisper to his chief of staff:  “I thought I paid that bill already.”
Why did Donald Trump bring his wig to the cash register? Toupee.  Credit: my wife made this up while we were in bed falling asleep last night.
Trump, Putin and Merkel arrive in hell Since Satan is in a good mood and they're VIPs, he offers them a deal:  They're allowed one call to their homecountry on a payphone, but instead of coins, they have to pay by being tortured afterwards.  Merkel goes first and calls for 5 minutes. Satan says: "Although the phonelines are good, German telecom is expensive: 5 days of torture."  Putin goes next, calls 1 hour and Satan says: "Phonelines are a pain in Russia and we needed to bribe some officials, so 6 months of torture for you'  Trump goes last, he starts calling and after 5 hours the others ask Satan when he will cut the call and starts his torture. Satan replies: "Donald didn't even reach 5 seconds of torture yet. Since he became president, calling to the U.S. from here is just a local call"
All nascar racers must be Democrats Becuase all they do is go left
Donald trump decides to paint the Whitehouse He gets a quote from a Chinese company for $3 million pounds, a German company for $6 million and an Irish company for $10 million  The Chinese company charged 1 million for paint , 1 million for labour and 1 million profit.  The Germany company charged 2 million for paint, 2 million for labour and 2 million in profit.   The Irish company charged four million profit, 3 million for trump and 3 million to get the Chinese to do the painting.  Guess who got the job  
I was asked if I played the trumpet I said: " In-tut-itably "
Donald Trump supporter, “Mr. President, when will you finally get the wall built?” Donald Trump, “Believe me. I am Russian.”
[OC] Trump's Asia visit takes him to Vietnam today, which is a good thing... Because if you've been in 'Nam, you can never really come back home.
One thing I have learned from Reddit is that Trump is a sure thing for a second term as President... ... since jokes are even better the second time around.
The reason trump likes coal so much He's coaled hearted
What is the difference between a drag queen and Sarah Huckabee Sanders? Drag queens know how to put on makeup.
What did Prez Clinton tell Monica after his impeachment? Bitch, I told you to lick my erection. Not wreck my election.
I wish Trump would honor the armistice on 11/11 at 11 a.m. just like the countries did in 1918. By simply giving up and walking away.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a worm? One of them is a slimy, loathsome creature incapable of complex thought, the other one actually shows up when it rains.
What is the difference between president Trump and Putin in the politics game? Putin can win a rigged election.......
And the first prize is [drum roll]: One night with Donald Trump. Second prize is two nights.
Everyone is shitting on Trump for not attending the ceremony, but they all forget that fake tan and rain don't go well together.
Trump’s cancelled trip to the WWI commemoration is not his fault His helicopter got a doctor’s note claiming it has bone-spurs too.
What is Donald Trump’s favorite part about running a marathon? The wall!
Mueller bumped in to a Trump official today. They yelled out, “Pardon me!”
How do you get Trump to change a light bulb? Tell him Obama put it in.
Why can't you hang Donald Trump? Fake noose
What's Barack Obama's favorite song? Obamaself
Trump Keeps claiming that climate change is a hoax and that his administration has done the most for global warming, and that the USA is getting colder But that’s because he doesn’t understand what the media means when they say:   “Donald Trump is the most **Polarizing** President America has had since Nixon.”
What kind of a toothpaste does Trump use? Confidental
[NSFW] How Bill Clinton tricked Monica Lewinsky... Clinton asked Lewinsky if she wanted to see the presidential clock and she replied yes.  So she followed him into the Oval Office and he turned around with his dick out and she said “Bill you nasty thing, that’s not a clock!”  Bill replied “It will be when you put two hands and a face on it!”
Trump is reportedly upset that the Ukraine just elected a comedian as president. Oh, Crimea river!
Hilary Clinton and Seth Rich walk into a bar... The bartender says "What'll you have?"  Hilary says "I'll have a glass of wine, and he'll have 2 shots in the back"
I think Trump's wall is a great idea That way when we ban all guns they can't be smuggled in from Mexico!
Trump rally... Tomorrow at 8 am on the beach at Wilmington North Carolina. Spread the word!
How did the jewish ram’s-horn trumpet get it’s name? Because you can hear it from shofar away.
Trump speaking in Hurricane Florence... "This is the worst disaster since I was elected."
"You da bomb" was one of the best things to hear someone tell me when I was younger. But the possibility of hearing it now has me scared to death here in ISIS.
What type of milk does Bernie Sanders drink? Whole milk because he cares about all the milk and not just the top 1% milk!
Barack Obama and Joe Biden take a run around the White House trying to beat the time of previous presidents. They both finish run into the Oval Office and Obama says "*I think we've gone under 10 minutes, did we beat the record?*"  Then Biden says "*No, George Bush did 9:11*"
What's Obama's last act as president going to be? He's going to replace the dollar bill with a one dollar coin with God's face on it because he wants change we can believe in.
A man wake up from a coma and see that Trump is president... ... he says "Wow this is a really elaborate April fool's joke".
Why is Republican Party the worst political party in USA? Because the Conservative Party is in the UK.
Donald Trump dies and when he gets to hell he sees the Devil The Devil says to him, "Donald we've been expecting you. Unfortunately we are full right now and don't have room for you. But if you want I'll show you three rooms I could make available to you."  Trump agrees and the Devil opens the door to the first room and  they see Richard Nixon endlessly diving into a pool of water and getting out. Over and over again. That is how he is spending eternity.  Trump says, "Well I can't do that. That would mess up my hair."  On they go. The Devil opens the door to the second room and there is Ronald Reagan swinging a sledge hammer all day long at a rock wall. Everyday this is what he does.   Once again Trump says, "Well I can't do that. I have a bad shoulder."  So then the Devil brings Trump to the third and final room. He opens the door and there is Bill Clinton getting a blow job from Monica Lewinsky.   Upon seeing this Trump is ecstatic. He says to the Devil, "This looks great! I will definitely take this room."  The Devil then puts his head in the room and says,"Alright Monica, your time is done here."
In Headlines Today: White House Sex Scandal Evidence deemed “fake nudes.”
I can't play the trumpet... ...I suck.
President Trump has said that if the talks with North Korea are not fruitful, he will "pull out." Which would be a first.
Why do goats always vote for democrats? So they can get welfare for all their kids.
What is the Republican Party’s most common sexual fantasy? Buttery Males
Republicans: "No, of course we have not abandoned our principles." "In fact, they should get 2 guns each to protect their students!"
One day, Donald Trump is being followed by a random person who keeps sticking stickers on his suit jacket. The stickers are price tags. Each day, the person sticks a new sticker on Trump, looking nearly identical to the first, except for one thing: every sticker has a higher price written on it than the last.   On the first day, the sticker has the number one million on it. Trump peels it off, looks at it, and says “It’s that you think so highly of me!” And tosses it aside.   A week later, the sticker reads ten million. The president smiles proudly and goes on with his day.   A month later, the sticker is labeled one billion. During an interview, Trump pulls the man into the view of the camera, and says “This man is my greatest supporter! He will be awarded for so proudly supporting someone as great as me!”   This goes on. Soon enough, the sticker man has been appointed the President’s right-hand man. And every day, the man puts the sticker on Trump’s suit, each day reading a higher number than the last.   Then one day, the price drops a bit, but Trump doesn’t notice.   From there, the number decreases little by little, still going unnoticed by the President.   Suddenly, the price drops to 100. Trump finally notices this, pulling the sticker man aside and screaming at him. “You’ve committed a great treason against the United States of America and our nation’s great president! What do you have to say for yourself?!”   The man calmly replies “Your value hasn’t changed at all. It was simply inflation that made the numbers rise. And as I observed, the inflation not only affected the numbers, but also your ego.”   “Yes, and so?!” The president yells, furious.   The man continues “I was hypothesized that the deflation of the price would do the same thing, look at how wrong I was.”  Edit: Typos
Why does Trump hate the evening? Because it becomes dim. 
What type of water does President Obama swim in? Barackish.  Background: I'm a dad and I thought of this while watching a PBS Kids' show about brackish waters.
Bill and Hillary Clinton are eating dinner in a town where there has been a recent outbreak of Mad Cow disease. When the waiter comes to take their order, Bill asks for a steak.   “But sir, what about the Mad Cow?” the waiter asks, concerned.   “Don’t worry,” Bill replies, “she’ll order for herself.”
Nah, Mexicans won't be sad over Trumps wall for too long. They will get over it.
Donald Trump To Do list: 2. Drain Swamp 1. Build Swamp
What did Jeb Bush say to his buttcheeks when he tried twerking? Please Clap
Mexicans won't be annoyed by Trumps Wall for very long. They'll get over it.
News: Trump learning to play the fiddle Trump learning to play the fiddle, so he can be like strongman hero, Nero and play while the world burns...  (This killed them over in /history) 
How do you know Donald Trump's lying? His mouth is moving.
What do you call a highly intelligent person in Washington DC who wants to help Donald Trump? A psychiatrist.
How Much Will Trump's Assassination Insurance Cost One Pence
People shouldn't compare prostitution and supporting Trump? Cause atleast somebody is fighting to make prostitution legal
When Trump assembled an IKEA cabinet It seemed to be working, you just gotta keep gluing it back together. There's a lot of left over pieces though. Thousands, actually.
Why can't Trump form an arithmetic series? He's only got one term
Donald Trump: "Don't call me orange!" #Impeach
If Donald Trumps Presidency was a TV show, what would it be called? Orange Is The New Black. 
Tell a horror story with just one word and one number Trump 2024
Donald Trump And Barack Obama walk into thesame barber shop. They each sat down with a different barber. Afraid any conversation would turn nasty, the barbers cut their hair in silence. Then each got a shave, still silence. Trump's barber finished first and reached for the aftershave. Donald stopped him. "If Melania smells that on me, she'll think I've been to a brothel." Obama's barber finished his shave and hesitated until Barack said "Go ahead, Michelle doesn't know what the inside of a brothel  smells like."
What would call Donald Trump’s family if they were Jews? Orange Juice
How does Bill Clinton's vice president make a computer dance? He gives it an algorithm.
What did Michael Cohen say when President Trump called him earlier this week? Pardon me?
Donald Trump was deposed by Mueller. Trump being Trump said, "I'm a very smart man, no one is smarter, ask me anything."   Mueller, looking frustrated "What's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean?"   Trump "We're not here because the Russians have a video of a garbanzo bean all over my chest"
Apparently Trump's family tree looks like a cactus Everybody on it is a prick
What do 'The Bible' and 'The Art Of The Deal' have in common? Donald Trump has not read either one of them.
What does Donald Trump call near beer? fake booze
You put your Priebus in you pull your Priebus out. You put your Kelly in and you shake your head in doubt. You add a Scaramucci and you've got 10 days of potty mouth. That's Trumps White House!
with his cuts to the National Parks Service, not only is Donald Trump anti-Semitic-- he's also anti-Yosemitic.
Why did Trump hold a Presidential Address tonight? He couldn't stand the Sun trying to take away the spotlight of of him today.
Trump at the doctor's office Trump: Doctor, you see I have the most painful pain in my ass. No one has pain like this, believe me. My best friend is pain, you know that?  Doctor: Alright bend over and let me do a quick rectal exam. Oh I found the problem, Putin's wristwatch was deep in there.  
The blue man lives in the blue house, red man lives in the red house, green man lives in the green house. Who lives in the White House? The orange man.
What is the difference between Donald Trump and a loud fart? One is a trumpeting asshole, and the other is an asshole trumpeting 
What is Donald Trump's favorite music? Another Brick in the wall!
Dear Lord, if we should impeach Trump, give us a sign IDK, block out the sun or something.
Donald Trump committed suicide Nevermind, fake noose.
I liked it better when Donald Trump used to say "you're fired" to people  instead of to inter-continental ballistic missiles.
When threatened by North Korea, Mr. Trump called for "fire and fury like the world had never seen before." Chuck Norris called him back to say he wasn't available that weekend.
Turns out my girlfriend is racist, and is now arguing that Steve Bannon should have stayed in the white house... I told her: "Well, I'm not saying you're wrong. All I'm saying is you're *alt-right*."
What do you call the White House with nothing but windows? A green house
When asked if they would have sex with Bill Clinton 86% of the women in D.C. said "not again."
Trump!!! Obama, Queen Elizabeth and Vladimir Putin all died and, as former world leaders, were being given a tour of hell.  While there, they saw a red phone and asked what the phone is for. The devil tells them it is for calling back to Earth.  Putin asks to call Russia and talks for 5 minutes. When he is finished the devil informs him that the cost is a million dollars, so Putin writes him a check.  Next Queen Elizabeth calls England and talks for 30 minutes. When she is  finished the devil informs her that the cost is 6 million dollars, so she writes him a check.  Finally Obama gets his turn and talks for 4 hours. When he is finished the devil informs him that the cost is $5.00.  When Putin hears this he goes ballistic and asks the devil why Obama got to call USA so cheaply.  The devil smiled and replied: "Since Trump took over, the country has gone to hell, so it's a local call."
I wish I could be as Rich as Donald Trump someday That way I can always restock my cabinet too
Believe it or not Donald Trump used to be a professional athlete. He ran a lot of short distance races. Mostly 3K's
You have to hand it to Trump. Who else would be able to get the Nazis and Russians on the same side?
Whether you love him or hate him, Donald Trump has given us something we haven’t had in decades. A First lady we can masturbate to.
Someone called Donald Trump a racist, sexist, homophobic ex-banker He replied: "actually I used to an entrepreneur"
How did the FBI respond to the Trump's attack on the raiding his lawyer's office Art of the seal!
I think Donald Trump is secretly a Communist! When he said “Grab them by the pussy”, I realised he wanted to seize the means of production!
"What's a tragedy?" asks Donald Trump  During one of his campaign trips, Donald Trump visits an elementary school and enters one of the classrooms. They are in the middle of a discussion related to words and their meanings.  The teacher asks Mr. Trump if he would like to lead the discussion of the word “Tragedy.” So he asks the class for an example of a tragedy.  One little boy stands up and offers: “If my best friend who lives on a farm, is playing in the field and a runaway tractor comes along and knocks him dead, that would be a tragedy.”  “No,” says Mr. Trump, “that would be an accident.”  A little girl raises her hand: “If a school bus carrying 50 children drove over a cliff, killing everyone inside, that would be a tragedy.”  “I’m afraid not,” explains the exalted businessman. “That’s what we would call a great loss.”  The room goes silent. No other children volunteer. Mr. Trump searches the room.  “Isn’t there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy?”  Finally at the back of the room, a boy raises his hand. In a quiet voice he says: “If a redditor reposts another redditor's joke, it would a tragedy. ”  “Fantastic!” exclaims Mr. Trump, “That’s absolutely right. And can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?”  “Well,” says the boy, “because it wouldn’t be a great loss and it probably wouldn’t be an accident either.”
What do you say after you resign from the Trump administration? “I did?”
What is Trump's favourite joke? A very funny one
I don't normally see eye to eye with most Trump supporters, but if there's one thing we do agree on... It's that I'm really goddamn short.
Maybe Trump really did meet with the president of the Virgin Islands. After all, he consults him on foreign policy.
Hillary was asked if Weinstein's behavior compared to that of her husband's. She said "Close, but no cigar."
Breaking news: Bill Gates has agreed to pay for Trump's wall On the condition he gets to install windows 
Trumpcare A British doctor brags to colleagues: "In Britain, medicine is so advanced that we removed a man's backbone, put it in another man, and in 6 weeks, he was looking for work."  The German surgeon replies; “In Germany we removed a section of a brain, put it in another man, and in 4 weeks he too is looking for work."  The Russian doctor says: "Gentlemen, we took a beating heart from a man, put it in another's chest, and in 2 weeks he started a new job."  The American doctor sighs, saying; "You are all still behind us. A few months ago, we took a man with no brain, no heart, and no backbone and he got a job overnight, as our President."  
What’s Trump’s favorite thing to do on Halloween? Trick and Tweet.
Why did aliens vote for Bernie Sanders? Universal Healthcare
What is Donald Trump going to be for Halloween? A jackass-o-lantern.
Paul Manafort bumps into Trump walking down a hallway. Paul Manafort says "oops, pardon me".   Trump says "soon".
Triple Crown winner Justify reportedly turns down Trump's White House invitation replying, "If I wanted to see a horse's ass, I would've came in 2nd"
What do Donald trumps hair and a thong have in common? They both only barely cover the asshole
Donald Trump was greeted with a naked picture of Kim Jong Un in today's meeting Kim thought his advisors told him to interfere with US erections.
Nigel Farage, Donald Trump and Kim Kardashian dies and go to hell. The Satan welcomes Nigel and says "We will give you a chance. You will be living in the hell from now on but, you have to choose following punishments that I will show you."  They started to walk in the hell to show him couple of punishments to pick one. First, the Satan shows a man working in the fire he was all burnt and he was pouring coals to the fire non-stop. The Satan says "This is his punishment he has to do it forever."  Then they walk a little bit more to see  other punishments. This time there is a man screaming in the fire as loud as he can. Satan say if this guy doesn't scream loud enough we increase the tempreture of the fire. Nigel was not happy what saw and he was not expecting anything better to see, he started to regret what he had done when he was in the earth.  They carried on walking and he saw Donald Trump and Kim Kardashian having sex. Nigel was shocked and before Satan say anything he says "I want this punishment. I want Donald's punishment. I can do it better than him." Satan replies back "This is Kim Kardashian's punishment not Donald's. Do you still want to choose  this one?"
They should send Hillary Clinton to the U.S. Mexico border Since no one can get over her...
How did Trump win Florida? He carried the Orange vote.
What does a rutabaga have in common with Donald Trump? ...they're both Russian plants
What is Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable? Barackolli
Trump: We should have less immigrants in America! Pence: "Fewer".  Trump: I told you not to call me that yet!
During his Europe trip, Donald Trump walks into a pub and promptly lowers it Shit, I always was bad at converting from American.
What's the difference between a wet raccoon and Donald Trump's hair? A wet raccoon doesn't have 3 billion fucking dollars in the bank. 
What's the difference between Daleks and donald trump? Daleks have a larger vocabulary.
What do the current London protests and Trumps penis have in common? Donald’s not seen ‘em
On Monday, a blimp-sized Trump was flown over London. And I think protesters flew a second one after Air Force One landed.
What happened when Donald Trump went vegan? Cornwall.
What are the 4 fundamental particles at a Trump Rally 1 Protons 2 Neutrons 3 Electrons 4 Morons
Donald Trump is flying on a plane. DT: "Should I drop 10 packs of 1k dollars and make 10 Americans happy, or drop 1 pack of 10k dollars and make 1 American happy?" Pilot: "I can throw you off the planet and make all of America happy."
If Donald Trump had sex with a White House intern would they call him Bill of rights?
What do you call Melania Trump after she's eaten too many baked beans? The FLATUS.
What is Trump's ideal day away from his wife? A Stormy Day-in-heels
Donald Trump and Barack Obama end up in the same barber shop As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear that it would turn nasty. As the barbers finished their shaves in silence, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave. But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel." The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama?" Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife, Michelle, doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
Nobody Expected Trump to Win, so My Question is.... How did he get Putin the White House?
A Republican and a scientist were together during the last moments of the Titanic... The scientist said "In a hundred years that giant iceberg would melt and contribute in the rising of the sea level."  Then the Republican said "If we're sinking, why are we a hundred feet up in the air?"
Why does Trump not believe in the color spectrum? It's all fake hues.
President Trump should be an interior designer He's really good at switching cabinets.
2 Congressmen, 2 rednecks, and 2 tech guys from Silicon Valley go to North Korea . . . So these 2 Congressmen decided to make a goodwill trip to North Korea. To show the wide range of cultures in the U.S., they took a couple redneck guys from Mississippi and a couple of tech savvy guys from California. After a short tour, they were thrown in prison for not having proper credentials.  The warden decided to do an experiment and separated them by pairs, putting them each in 10' x 10' bare concrete rooms. He gave each pair two metal balls and told them to do something creative with them.  Two weeks later, he checked on them. To his amazement, the tech guys had made a small gaming system and were having a great time. Not believing what he saw, he checked on the rednecks. They had built a bass boat and wanted to know where the nearest fishing hole was. Next, he checked on the Congressmen. They had broken one of the balls and lost the other one.
Barack Obama dies and goes to hell......... Satan is already waiting for him.  'Well, I don't know what to do. See, you're on my list, but I have no free rooms for you. But you, you definitely have to stay in hell, so I'll have to find a solution. There are a few people here who aren't as bad as you are... I guess I'll let one go and you'll take their place. However, you can choose whose place you want to take.  'Oh, that sounds okay I guess' says Obama.  Satan leads him to the first room and opens the door. In this room, there's a huge swimming pool. In it, Reagan is drowning. He goes down, then up, then down, then up, and he's gasping for air all the while.  'Oh, no,' says Obama. 'That's not for me, I'm a poor swimmer.'  Satan opens the second door. The room is full of rocks and they see Nixon trying to break up the rocks with a wooden hammer.  'Nah, I have problems with my shoulders and my back, that'd be such a painful thing to do day after day.'  So Satan opens the third door. In the room, they see Clinton lying on the floor, all tied up. Monica Lewinsky is lying on top of Clinton, giving him a blowjob. Obama stares at the scene with a wide smile and says:  'Ah, that I could endure!'  'Alright,' laughs Satan. 'Monica, you're free to go!'
'Hello, is this Trump's office?' 'Yes, how can we help you? '  'Can you guys tell me a good joke?'  'Sir, please, we are serious people and we are working very hard all the time, we don't have time for jokes.'  'Hahhahahahaahah, good one, thank you very much.'
President Trump is fulfilling his promise to drain the swamp I just didn’t realize he was going to drain it into the White House 
Guys, you've been seeing Trump throwing paper towels at the hurricane affected Puerto Ricans the wrong way Clearly, he's a fill-n'-throw-pist.
Hey, did you hear? Hope Hicks is set to resign as White House Communications Director. I guess you could say Trump has No Hope Left. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
What do Donald Trump and a slinky have in common? Both are fun to push down a flight of stairs.   Edit: and now I’m probably on a list somewhere 
Donald Trump's lawyer walks into a bar… ... And sits down next to Trump.   He says, "I'm sorry  but I can't really help you. You're looking at life in prison for treason."   Frustrated, Trump pays the bartender and storms out. On his way out he accidentally bumps into Mike Pence.   He says to Pence, "Pardon me."
I don't get why Tories think social democrats live on welfare I thought it was the Tories that hated labor
Why does Trump hate Russian McDonald’s? There’s always a bug in his Happy Meal
How does Trump deport Mexicans? Juan by Juan 
What do Donald Trump and the Dude have in common? They both love white Russians.
I wonder if when Trump said he was a stable genius he was referring to knowing a lot about horses... Cause he's not very smart.
What is Donald Trump's favorite song? wonderwall
Trump really believes in traditional marriages He's had three of them
Donald Trump is giving a speech at an elementary school He is trying to explain to these young children what a tragedy is. A young boy asks if his parents dying from a terrible illness is a tragedy.  "No," Trump replies, "I would consider that a great loss"  A young girl asks if a train derailing, killing all 250 people onbard would be a tragedy.  "No, that is what you call an accident." Trump again replies. "Look, say if I was flying in my presidential jet, and it crashed and I died, then that would be a tragedy."  A little girl responds, "Well I agree, it certainly would be no great loss, nor would it be an accident."
Donald Trump walk into a bar .. and lowers it.
Trump is a lot like Teddy Roosevelt except that Trump speaks loudly and carries a small stick
A genie grants Trump a wish... A genie appears before Trump and says, "You have been doing a terrible job at improving the United States' economy. I will give you a chance to fix that. I will grant you anything you want in the world, and everyone in your country will receive twice the amount. What do you wish for?  Trump replies, "Cut one of my eyes out."
Why can't Bill Clinton go scuba diving? He won't inhale.
Nobody's happier about hurricane Irma than Hillary Clinton and Al Gore It's the only reason their books are flying off the shelves in Florida.  
Bill Clinton and a man in a wheelchair are eating fruit together... They get into a heated argument about politics when the cripple asks, "Mr. Clinton, weren't you impeached? You have no grounds on which to speak!" Bill Clinton pauses for a moment, looking at the fruit in the man in the wheelchair's hand. "I'd much rather be impeached than impeared!"
Looks like Ted Cruz got busted... ...bustin'
Donald Trump walks into a doctor's office with an enormous red boil on his head.  The doctor says, “My God, why didn’t you come sooner?”   The boil says, “To be honest, I was ashamed to leave the house.”  
Why did the Republican hate his logic course? Because Philosophy is considered a *liberal* art
What is Donald Trump's Favorite Movie? Get Out
You want proof that Donald Trump's a schemer? He's got little fingers.
If Donald Trump wants to destroy North Korea... Perhaps he should move there and become their leader. 
Why did Donald Trump rescinded the invitation to Stephen Curry after Stephen Curry announced he won't go? Because Trump just wants to say "You can't quit, you are fired!". 
What is Donald Trumps favourite type of clothing Russian Ties 
All cats are Libertarians! Completely dependent on others, but fully convinced of their own independence. 
50Cent says Trump offered him $500,000 to join presidential campaign Only Trump would pay $500k for $0.50  Such a deal maker.
Why was Donald Trump's hairy messy? Coz he lost his Comey!   :D
What is Donald Trump's favorite vegetable? Leeks
(Original) What do you call it when Trump and Mike Pence go to the movies together? A government mandate
What did Matthew Mcconaughey say when he was asked about Trump? Alt-right, Alt-right, Alt-right. 
What does Trump say after he farts? Obama did it.
Why can't Lindsey Graham and John Mccain vote against the Republicans? If their Sabre rattles for more than 4 hours, they have to consult their nearest campaign donor. 
I try to reassure everyone I meet, Republican or Democrat alike - the cost of replacing Trump is actually not that high. It is only 1 Pence. 
Mr. Potato Head just recently released a Donald Trump themed version of the classic toy. They call it The Little Dick-tater. 
What is trump's favourite type of pastry? A Profiterole
What did Trump say to Obama? Stop bugging me!
Trump and the Pope Trump: I reckon I could have slept with her, if it wasn't for something I said. But we had a row and, uh... I said something about the Pope.  Pence: That's a bit stupid, you know she's Catholic.  Trump: Yeah, I know she's Catholic: I didn't know the Pope was.  (Ripped off from The Young Ones)
For every Trump action... There is a relevant Trump old tweet reaction.
Donald Trump Skating on a Frozen Lake... Donald Trump is staking on a frozen pond when suddenly the ice breaks and he falls in. Luckily three small boys were on hand to pull him out. ""You boys saved my life" says Donald. "How can I repay you?"  The first boy asks for a toy car and the second boy asks for a toy plane. The third boy however asks for a motorised wheelchair. "Why do you want a wheelchair? You look perfectly healthy" says Donald. "I am" says the boy. "But I'm going to need one after my sister discovers I saved Donald Trump".
Trump calls Comey "a crazy, nut job" Reports Pot-Kettle magazine
Why wont the Republicans impeach Trump? Because they insist on carrying a baby to full term
European leaders keep urging Trump to not pull out of the Paris accords, but I bet he will..... He has made a couple of mistakes by not pulling out in the past.
Donald Trump, Bill Gates, the Pope, and a kid on an airplane... Donald Trump, Bill Gates, the Pope and a schoolboy are on a crashing airplane. There are only 3 parachutes.  "Well," says Bill Gates, "I am the most important businessman in the world and I need to continue running my company." He takes the first parachute and jumps out. "Well," says Trump, "I am America's smartest president, and my people need me." He takes the second parachute and jumps out.  The Pope takes the third parachute and hands it to the child.  "Take this", the Pope says, "I am old and I will pass on soon anyways. This world needs you more than it needs me." "That's okay, Your Holiness, we can BOTH have a parachute," says the schoolboy. "But how is that possible," asks the Pope, flabbergasted. "Because," says the schoolboy, "America's smartest president took my bookbag."
Clinton didn't lose the election because of misogyny... Most of Trump's voters love a strong heroin.
Why can't you circumcise Donald Trump? Because there's just no end to that prick. 
Roger Ailes passing is another attempt by Fox news to distract from trump/russia Now that's *deadication*
What do you call Trumps new healthcare plan? Yuge-genics
So Trump called James Comey a "nut job"... Orange you glad he didn't say bananas?
Three men, a Republican, a Brit and a Jamaican all in the maternity ward waiting for their partners to give birth. The midwife comes out and tells them congratulations, they're all fathers of beautiful healthy boys, however, unfortunately they've run out of the name tags, and the babies have been mixed up, so if they could each go in and identify their sons from any family resemblance etc. The Brit wants to go first, so in he goes and comes out with a black baby The Jamaican looks a bit confused, "excuse me", he said, "but don't you think he's likely to be mine ?" "Probably", said the Brit, "but one of them in there's a Republican, and I'm takin' no chances !!!!!"
What is the past tense for Trump's Tweet? Twat!
Trump should build the wall with Hilary's emails No one can get over them. 
If Trump really wants to destroy North Korea... Then he should just move there and become their leader.
How did Trump get to North Korea? He was aboard Air Force Un.
How do you know Donald J Trump Loves Sex? He just fucked 800,000 people
I'm not exactly sure when US relations will recover after Trump's speech ... but I think it's gonna be a long long time 
If Trump continues his anti climate change campaign and the provocation towards North Korea the only wall we will be building will be... Wall-E
what kind of clothes does trump wear? russian ties
For all those surprised that Trump got elected ... Remember, hot air rises
What happens to Donald Trump when he takes Viagra? He gets taller.
Trump has two parts of brain, 'left' and 'right'. In the left side, there's nothing right. In the right side, there's nothing left.
Who'd win in a game of chess, George Bush or Vladimir Putin? Putin, 'cause Bush is missing two towers.
What does Trump think when CNN reports on a sex offender? Fake nudes
When Trump borrows $1,000,000 from his dad it's a small loan But when he donates that much money to Texas, it's a yuuuge contribution  Edit: *Alleged* contribution of $1 million. Also, thank you kind gilder
Of course Dale Earnhardt Jr. hates Trump A god damn wall killed his father
What's the difference between Steve Jobs and Donald Trump? A good many things, but it's a little unfair to compare Apples to oranges.
Is President Trump as big of a pervert as President Clinton? Close but no cigar.
It's sad to see John McCain struggling, but at least we won't ever have to worry about Trump ever getting brain cancer. You can't get brain cancer if you don't have a brain!
If Donald J. Trump played football, and I was his coach, while he is naturally an offensive player, I think I'd make him a defensive end or linebacker. Because he'd no doubt set a record for sacks.
What did the Native American say when Donald Trump promised to give their land back? "I have my reservations"
Donald Trump is sitting at the bar (I changed the title, rest is the same) Man walks into a bar and pauses: at the other end of the bar, there's this guy with a big orange head. Just kind of sitting there, mooning into his drink. So the man asks the bartender, "Say, what's up with the guy with the big orange head?" And the bartender says, "It's an interesting story. Buy him a drink and maybe he'll tell it to you."  So the man walks over and introduces himself and offers to buy a round. The guy with the big orange head says, "Yeah, I'll bet you want to know the story, huh?" To which the man replies, "Sure, if you don't mind."  The man with the big orange head sighs and says, "You know, I've gone over it in my mind a million times. Basically, it's like this: I was walking along the beach one day, when I stubbed my toe on something. I looked down, and there was an antique brass lamp. I picked it up and dusted it off a little -- when all of a sudden this enormous genie pops out!  "The genie thundered, 'You have released me from my ten-thousand year imprisonment, and I am in your debt. I will grant you three wishes as a token of my gratitude.'  The man at the bar is agape. The guy with the big orange head continues: "So I said, 'Wow, okay. Well, my first wish is to be fantastically wealthy.'  "The genie says, 'Your wish is granted.' And all of a sudden I have rings on my fingers and a crown on my head, and my wallet is full of money and a dozen ATM cards and the deed to a mansion in the hills -- I mean, I was loaded!  "So I said, 'Amazing! Okay, for my next wish , I want to be married to the most beautiful woman in the world.'  "The genie says, 'Your wish is granted.' And the ocean parts, and out walks this gorgeous woman in this beautiful dress, and she takes my hand and we fall in love and the genie marries us right there. It was incredible.  "The genie booms, 'You have one wish remaining.'" The man with the big orange head pauses and sips his beer. He says, "Now, you know, this may be where I went wrong. I wished for a big orange head.
What does Trump call two scandals in a week? A good week.
Trump probably hates Prometheus. The Engineers are aliens there too
Why won't Republicans impeach Donald Trump? Because they insist on keeping a baby full term.
Trump fires FBI director and people are comparing it to Watergate Except this time it's Firegate
I only sleep with democrats. That way, I don't have to worry about the baby afterwards.
Everyone is concerned about Trump's health after he posted an incomprehensible tweet about his covfefe But don't worry. Dr. Hufghfufu just assured the media that he's agvofofi.
Did you hear Donald Trump replaced his press secretary? Forget about him. He's a loser. The next one is gonna be much spicier folks. Trust me, I know spicy. No one does spicy better than me.
If the US Government got a dollar every time a Republican talked about cutting social programs We would be spending a lot more on the military!
Trump: "Knock knock..." Comey: "Who's there?"  Trump: "Not you anymore."
Several deranged individuals were caught attempting to scale the White House fence today... Fortunately they were caught before they were able to reach the street.
How did Putin propose to Trump? He went to Jared. 
The mysterious disappearance of Donald Trump Donald Trump has just gotten the news that he  got fired as president for incompetence. He is so ashamed and depressed, that he decides to end it all. So he drives up to the top floor of the Trump Tower, makes his way to the roof, and simply jumps to certain death. BUT he never made a splash on the sidewalk, so what happend ? ................... ................... .................... ...................... ......................... ............................. .................................. ....................................... ............................................. .................................................... . . . . . . . . . . . .        Well, he forgot his GPS at home, and thus got lost on the way down.
BREAKING NEWS: President Trump has made his biggest political move yet he has successfully scored a hole-in-one at the lava land course at a miami mini golf course which he may or may not own
What is Donald Trump's favorite fish? Clams...
What did Donald Trump say to the sickly weasel that somehow got loose in the Oval Office? Damn, next time I'll have to use more glue.
Do you think Trump will get a second term? If not, he'll be Russian to get his agenda in. 
What's Donald Trump's favorite vegetable? Leeks.
Steve Jobs and Trump had one thing in common, both hated the PC culture Political correctness and pancreatic cancer.
What is Donald Trump's Favorite Drink? The Moscow Mule.
Trump really likes reality. Oops, I misspelled "realty".
Donald Trump was visiting a primary school in Orlando and visited a fourth grade class... The teacher asked Mr.Trump if he would like to lead the discussion on the word 'tragedy.' So our illustrious POTUS asked the class for an example of a 'tragedy'. One little boy stood up and offered: "If my best friend, who lives on a farm, is playing in the field and a tractor runs him over and kills him, that would be a tragedy." "No," said Trump, "that would be an accident." A little girl raised her hand: "If a school bus carrying 50 children drove off a cliff, killing everyone, that would be a tragedy." "I'm afraid not," explained Trump. "That's what we would call great loss." The room went silent. No other child volunteered. Trump searched the room. "Isn't there someone here who can give me an example of a tragedy?" Finally at the back of the room, Little Johnny raised his hand. The teacher held her breath. In a quiet voice he said: "If the plane carrying you was struck by a 'friendly fire' missile and blown to smithereens that would be a tragedy." "Fantastic!" exclaimed Trump, "That's right. And can you tell me why that would be a tragedy?" "Well," says Johnny, "It has to be a tragedy, because it sure as hell wouldn't be a great loss... and you can bet your sweet candy ass it wouldn't be an accident either!"
What do Barack Obama and Donald Trump have in common? They both got elected thanks to minorities.
What is Donald Trump's favorite nut? Walnut.
How much in royalties did 50 Cent get paid by Republicans? It's obviously a cover of Get Rich or Die Tryin' 
Everyone says President Trump isn't an environmentalist.. ..But look at his work preserving the swamp!
Trump, Macron and Trudeau are on a plane... Trump, Macron and Trudeau are alone on a secret meeting on a plane, and the pilot announces that both wings have stopped functioning and that the plane is about to go down. He tells them that there are 2 parachutes on board, he grabs one and jumps off.   "We must talk this through and agree who should take the last chute.", says Trudeau.  "Agreed.", continues Macron.  "Elections! We NEED FAIR elections! I don't trust these bad deals!", yells Trump.  "Elections? But ho-", Macron is interrupted.  "Elections now!", Trump yells again.  So, they get to business and anonymously vote. They count the results and Trump wins by 40 votes. He grabs the chute and jumps off.  Then, Macron looks at Trudeau and says "Wait, how did he win by 40 votes when there's only three of us?"
What's the difference between a tuna, a piano, and Bernie Sanders? You can Tuna Piano but you can't Piano a Tuna.
What was Trump's response when asked about hurricane Irma? They're gonna build a wall to stop it from entering the US.
How is Donald Trump going to solve the North Korea crisis? He's going to build a great, great wall around North Korea so Kim Jong Un can't shoot any rockets over the wall and if he tries to, the rockets will just come back down.
Clinton jokes are not just funny... They're Hillaryous
Trump claims the New York Times is failing. No one is buying it.
Trump, Putin and Merkel are taking a walk along the Hamburg harbour... ...during the G20 summit. In an attempt to show off the technology and military strength of his country, Trump brags: "Our submarines are the best. The greatest. They're huge. They can stay underwater for 1 month without surfacing!"  Putin just shrugs and grumbles, "Is nothing. Russian submarine technology make for 5 months under water..."  Just as Merkel is about to say her piece on the matter, the three of them are startled by the water next to them bubbling and splashing as they see a big submarine emerge from the depths. With loud squealing the top hatch opens, a man climbs out and shouts: "Heil Hitler, wir brauchen Diesel!"
Why doesn't Trump care about Irma? She's a 5 at best.  (Sorry if someone else said this, but I've been ducking away from the storm and not paying much attention to the sub)
What do Trump speeches and jogging during a Florida hurricane have in common? They both result in epic face-palms.
How does Trump deport Mexicans? Juan by Juan.
Why do rappers hate Trump? Nothing rhymes with orange.
The White House reversed its proposed cuts to the Special Olympics. Now Don Jr. can finally get back to training.
Trump says that the Special Olympics will still be funded despite DeVos' plan. This is presumably so Eric and Don Jr can still compete.
We learned today that Trump blocked a proposed budget change that would have eliminated finding for the Special Olympics. He must have been pretty mad at the thought of being unable to compete this year.
In response to Betsy Devos defunding the Special Olympics, Trump is overriding her. He’s said that he loves the Special Olympics and has been to them. Does anyone know what sport he competed in?
Donald Trump banned Jesus from church: "No people with mexican names in my church!"
Donald trump can grow trees at will One could say he's a master at bigger tree
The USA is helping to build a highway in the Middle-East, and Trump is against it... As of the other day, Halliburton is building a highway in the middle-East that goes all the way from Iran to Israel. Donald Trump has been very outspoken about how much he abhors this practice of our labor being used globally. He believes that if they want a highway so damn bad, they should use their own domestic labor.  Interestingly enough, several celebrities have stepped forward to voice their support for the project, with the most vocal among them being singer/songwriter rock musician Kenny Loggins. It seems that he is very much in favor of a highway to the manger zone.
What's the difference between Bill Clinton &amp; Abraham Lincoln? One got his head blown off &amp; the other was assassinated
Donald trump, uniting the country Against him
I know why people compare Hitler to Trump. They both took the Poles.
What's the difference between Trump and Hurricane Harvey? One is a storm wreaking havoc across the nation. The other is Hurricane Harvey.
Now is a time when Trump's immigration policies might have a good effect... He's gonna say "No way Jose!"
One day, Trump walked up to a boy, and asked him what he wanted to be when he grew up. The boy said, "I want to be the President when I grow up!"  Trump replied with, "Are you crazy? Are you retarded? Are you out of your mind?!"  "Nevermind," said the kid, "there are too many requirements."
What did Donald Trump say when he matched King Jong Un on tinder? Send Nukes
Did you hear about Trump's interest in biology? He seems fascinated by the NUKEleus
I should have known Trump supporters online were Russians. Their English is too good.
Donald Trump is on a state visit to England.. ..and meets with the Queen... Over a cup of tea he asks the Queen... "your majesty, I was thinking and wondered if we could become a Kingdom"... The Queen shakes her head and replies "No, to be a Kingdom, you must be a king and you sir, are not a king..." So trump tries again... "how about a principality?" again the Queen says "No... To be a principality you must be a prince, and you sir, are not a prince"... In desperation trump asks "an empire then?".. Again the Queen replies "No, to be an empire you must be an emperor, and you sir, are not an emperor"... The Queen sips her tea and notices trump ready yo ask another question, so before he can she says "you know sir, looking at your situation I can assure you that you shall remain a country"
With the election of Trump to replace Obama, we can safely say Orange is the new Black
If I had a penny for every time someone made fun of sanders economics id pay 80% in taxes   ---  I am so glad to have made this post with 0 upvotes that is 69th on the new tab! It's also quite nice to have already     received 4 replies.
Donald Trump will be the most popular Halloween costume this year... Because I can't think of anything scarier
Why is Trump so intent on ending DACA? Last time a person of color had a dream, we had to give black people civil rights.
What does Trump do after he eats his well done steak with ketchup? He bull-shits.
There is a term for a president like Trump. Well actually there's two.
CNN reported Donald Trump's suicide today. He didn't really kill himself, it was fake noose.
Why does Trump listen to Bob Marley? Everything's gonna be alt-right
Since Trump nicknamed Kim Jun-Un Rocket Man, when Christmas comes along.. he can call him missile toe.  Joke originally told by my coworker today, who is a master of puns.
Of course Dale Earnhardt Jr hates Donald Trump a goddamn wall killed his Dad
Donald Trump was carrying a Colt 45 When asked why, he said it's just for shooting cans.... Africans Mexicans and Puerto Ricans
Why was the Republican's birthday so much fun? Because it was a white elephant party.
What's Donald Trump's least favorite band? Foreigner
Trump, the Pope, and a Hispanic walked into a gay bar... You're now breathing manually
What did the Native American say when Trump promised to give back his land? I have my reservations!
Trump watches game of thrones After watching season 7 finale, Trump has promised to rebuild the wall and make the white walkers pay for it.   Credit: heard from a friend who heard from another.
A Trump rally is like masturbating without Kleenex. A white mess surrounding a dick. 
Trump's nothing like Hitler There's no way trump could write a book!
Donald Trump never lifts trucks He doesn't believe in fake mews
When Trump announced job creations... I didn't think it was for the same position over and over again.
Why did Donald Trump marry an immigrant? Once again, immigrants are doing the jobs no American want to do.
"Trump says NFL owners should be saying: 'Get that son of a bitch of the field right now he's fired' ... And we can only hope and pray that's that Americans will say in the next presidental election" - James Corden
Why did Trump buy a 3D printer? So he could print his penis and LITERALLY go fuck himself.  
What is Donald Trumps favorite color of tie? White power
Why is Bernie rich? He Madoff with your life savings.
Why is the congress never impeaching president Trump? because republicans insist on carrying a baby to its full term.
What did President Trump say to the nuclear weapon? You're fired!!
Why does Dale Earnhardt hate Trump? A wall killed his dad.
Donald Trump... Oh sorry, I put the joke in the title.
Ted Cruz left the Navy 9/11 memorial service early... He only had time to meet a handful of semen.
What's the difference between Donald Trump and a vacuum? A vacuum has a filter
BREAKING NEWS: President Donald Trump becomes first ever sitting U.S. president to visit the Western Wall in Israel. He had but one question.... "America needs a wall, how much for this tremendous wall?"
Donald Trump has imposed a ban on all pre-shredded bags of cheese in stores He wants to make America grate again. 
The fossil fuel industry, Donald Trump, and a coal miners union walk into a bar... The robot that replaced Phil, the bartender, last week says, "Sorry. No miners.'
What did the anti-LGBT Donald Trump fan say? Make America Straight Again!
What's Donald Trump's favorite search engine? Yandex.
Not sure why everyone is freaking out that Trump has his Finger on the Nuclear Button... By his own admission; this isn't the first time his hands have been somewhere they shouldn't
Trump, Erdogan, Duterte and Kim are all on a plane to Las Vegas together. The engines fail. Oh, Jeez, now I need to find some Kleenex.
Why isn't the President ever in the White House? It's a long flight from Russia.
52 republican senators, 52 playing cards Yet they only ever use their Trump-card.
Trump should build a wall with Hillary Clinton's emails. Seems like the only thing people can't get over. 
What's Trump's favourite song? WonderWALL
The Pope, Trump, and a Polak walk into a bar... While they're walking in, the bartender hears them finishing up some discussion.  Trump says, "It's a deal, tremendous idea.  A billion dollar contract, screen doors for every submarine in our fleet.  Very, very impressive."  The pope says, "I assure you, guaranteed entry into heaven, no questions asked.  May the Lord be with you."  The Polak looks annoyed and rolls his eyes, and asks for a double of whiskey while he slumps onto the bar.  The bartender says, "Sounds like things are really going your way man, what's wrong?"  Polak says, "These guys are idiots, they don't get any of my jokes."
Trump invites the Pope on his yacht... The Popes hat blows off into the ocean so the Swiss guard and the secret service jump is trying to recover it but the current kept them away. So Trump says "I got it", and jumps overboard and walks across the water retrieves the hat and brings it back to the Pope.  CNN's headline the next day was "Trump Can't Swim!"
Donald Trump didn't perturb the apparent wildebeest when he shot at them. Fake gnus. 
Donald Trump becomes president... Oh shit, this isn't a joke.  Note: The joke is that Donald Trump even being president in the first place is perceived by many to be a joke.
What would the bodyguards shout if the White House was attacked? Donald Duck
USA: the world may have Wikileaks and Anonymous, we are not far behind. We present to the world Donald Trump*. *Exception to leaks may include president's tax papers. 
How did Putin first engage with Trump? He went to Jared
Why was everyone shocked when Trump fired the director of the FBI? Cause everyone thought that Trump was fond of comeys
Why did Donald Trump marry an Immigrant? Once again, immigrants are doing the jobs no American wants to do
An Englishman, an Irishman, a Scotsman, little Johnny, three scientists, a chicken, wonderwoman, and Donald Trump arrive together in Saudi. King Saud: "What is this, some kind of joke?"
Barack V/s Trump Barack Obama and Donald Trump somehow ended up at the same barber shop, can you just imagine…   As they sat there, each being worked on by a different barber, not a word was spoken. The barbers were both afraid to start a conversation, for fear it would turn nasty.   As the barbers finished their shaves, the one who had Trump in his chair reached for the aftershave.   But Donald was quick to stop him, jokingly saying, "No thanks. My wife, Melania, will smell that and think I've been in a brothel."   The second barber turned to Barack and said, "How about you, Mr. Obama ?"   Barack replied, "Go right ahead, my wife Michelle, doesn't know what the inside of a brothel smells like."
Donald Trump shared our classified secrets with Russians... Just PUTIN that out there
What's the only kind of jury that will accept Donald Trump associates into it? Perjury.  ---  Edit: How's Voat treating you, Trazi brigader rat bastards?  Does Russian dick taste as good to you over there as it did on The_Dunsky?
What is Trump's least favorite band? Foreigner.
