A hen walks into Subway The sandwich artist says, "Sorry, we don't serve chicken."
A guy walks into a bar... What an idiot
A Roman walks into a bar. He asks for a Martinus…. “You mean a martini?” the bartender asks. The Roman replies, “If I wanted a double, I would have asked for it!”
Three men walk into a bar... ...the fourth one ducks.
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair. 
Obi-Wan Kenobi walks into a bakery “I’ll take 2 of these” he says. The baker replies, “There's only one cannoli.”
You walk into a gas station to buy a salad You have two choices: regular or unlettuced.
A guy walks into a bar And steps straight to the bartender and says: I heard that you are the meanest bartender around and everyone is afraid of you. Bartender: If they say so, its true. The man exclaims: Well im not afraid of you one bit and can do everything better than you. Bartender: Is that so? The man: Yes, and i bet 500$ that i could pee into the  beer glass and no drop of urine would be spilt. Bartender: Deal. And so the man unzips his pants, targets the glass and pees everywhere around but the glass, some of it also got on the bartender. The bartender was happy to get 500$ so easily took the mans money and the man left. A few minutes later he steps back in counting money. The bartender asks him: What are you doing? The man: Well you see, i made a bet with my friends saying that i'd get 1000$ by pissing on a guy everybody is afraid of and he'll be pleased about it.
A plumber walks into a client's backyard and sees three water holes in the ground. He says: "Well, well, well..."
A man with no money walks into a bar He tells the bartender "hey man I don't have any cash on me, if I tell you a blonde joke that makes you laugh, can I get a drink on the house?"   The bartender replies, "You really think I'm gonna give you a free drink after hearing a blonde joke. If you haven't noticed I'm a blonde myself, the waitress here is a blonde, and our manager that's in her office is a blonde. I don't think it would be appropriate."  The man replies, "You're right, I wouldn't want to explain it three times" 
So a man walks into a bar As soon as he sits down, the bartender offers him a challenge:  "So listen, we have a little bet we play around here"  The man follows the bartender's finger, pointed at the ceiling, and sees three pieces of meat, dangling high up from the ceiling.   "So if you can, in a single jump, grab all three slabs of meat and pull them down, you get free drinks for the rest of this week."  The man ponders for a second before nodding.  "But," the bartender continues, "If you jump but fail to grab the three pieces of meat, you'll pay for everyone's drinks tonight."  The man stops, nods again.   "So what do you say?"  "No"  There was an audible sigh from the rest of the bar.   "Sorry," the man continues "The steaks are just too high"
2 men walk into a bar talking about the president the first man says: "did you know trump is illiterate?" the second man says: "really?" 1st replies: "yeah he can't even spell nazi correctly" 2cnd says: "how does he spell it then?" 1st replies: "Conservative!" 
An infinite number of mathematics walk into a bar... The bartender asked what they want. The first says a pint, the next says half a pint, next says a 1/4th a pint, next says an 1/8th a pint and so on until the bartender gets tired of hearing what they want. He pours two pints and says "Y'all need to learn your limits."
A Man Walks Into a Bar... The head trauma he receives from this event causes a coma, eventual brain death, and his sobbing mother deciding to pull the plug.
An ex-militar doctor, a consulting criminal and a consulting detective walk into a pool... That's just the beginning of a pretty bad joke. #Fandom 
Argon walks into a bar. The bartender says, "We don't serve inert gases."  Argon didn't react.
An Englishman, a Scotsman, a Welshman, and a Northern Irishman walk into a pub... But they all left because the Englishman wanted to go.
A young man walks into a bar and orders 6 shots of Jagermeister ... "6 shots?!?" the bartender says, "Are you celebrating something?"   "Yeah, my first blowjob," the young man says.   "Well, hell, in that case, let me give you a 7th shot on the house."   "No offense, sir. But if 6 shots won't get rid of the taste, nothing will."
A Russian spy, a Turkish agent, and an American diplomat walk into a bar... ...so he ordered himself a drink.
A Roman walks into a bar... Holds up two fingers, and says to the barman 'five beers please'.
A single woman walks into a bar. She goes straight up to the bartender and says, "I was told there would be a joke; that it would be hilarious; and that you would deliver the punchline."  The bartender looks up and says, "well aren't you miss informed."
A piece of string walks into a bar... It jumps on the barstool and says "Bartender! One pint of your finest ale!".  The bartender looks at him disgusted and says "We don't serve your kind here!" and promptly throws him out of the bar.  The piece of string stops a man passing by and asks "Sir, can you throw me in the dirt, stomp on me, and then tie me in a knot?"  The confused man decides to do as he's been asked and throws the piece of string into the dirt, roughly stomps on it, and then ties the roughed up string into a knot before he continues on his way.  The piece of string walks back into the bar, again jumps on the barstool, and says "Bartender! One pint of your finest ale!".  The bartender looks at him suspiciously and says "Aren't you that piece of string I just threw out?".  The piece of string replies "No, I'm a frayed knot".
An Indian man walks into a bar. He says to the bartender: "I have a delivery for you, please sign here."
3 blondes walk into a police station... And we're looking for jobs as detectives.   They meet with the police chief who says, "I'm going to show you a side mugshot of a man and you need to tell me something interesting about him."  He shows the picture to the first blonde and she says, "He's only got one eye". The police chief responds, "No, this is a side mug shot, so you will only see one eye."  He shows the picture to the second blonde and she says, "He's only got one ear." The police chief again responds, "No, this is a side mug shot, so you will only see one ear."  He shows the picture to the last blonde and she says "He wears contact lenses." Perplexed, the police chief looks through the file and sure enough, the man wore contact lenses. He says "That's oddly correct. How did you know that?"  The blonde responds, "Well with one eye and one ear, he can't be wearing glasses."
A blind man walks into a bar After ordering a drink, and sitting there for a while, the blind guy yells to the bartender,  “Hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?”  The bar immediately becomes absolutely quiet. In a husky, deep voice,the woman next to him says,  “Before you tell that joke, you should know something. The bartender is blonde, the bouncer is blonde and I’m a 6′ tall, 200 pound blonde with a black belt in karate. What’s more, the fella sitting next to me is blonde and he’s a weightlifter. The woman to your right is a blonde, and she’s a pro wrestler. Think about it seriously, mister. You still wanna tell that blonde joke?”  The blind guy says, “Nah, not if I’m gonna have to explain it five times.”
A Roman Walks into a Bar He holds up two fingers and says, "Five beers please."
An anti-Semite walks into a bar... He's about to order a drink when he sees a guy close by with kippa, tzitzis, and payos. He doesn't have to be an Einstein to know that this guy is Jewish. So Peter shouts over to the bartender so everyone can hear, "Drinks for everyone in here, bartender, but not for that guy over there," pointing to the Jewish guy.  Soon after the drinks have been handed out, Peter notices that the Jewish guy is smiling. This infuriates him and in a loud voice, he once again orders drinks for everyone except the Jewish guy. But as before, this does not seem to worry the Jewish guy who continues to smile. So he says to the barman, "What's the matter with that guy over there? I've ordered two rounds of drinks for everyone in the bar except that guy, and all he does is smile and look happy. Is something wrong with him or something?”  "No, he's absolutely normal," replies the barman. "He's the owner."
Guy walks into a bar with a monkey on his shoulder Bartender asks "what's with the monkey ?" The man punches the monkey, it goes down to the floor up his leg takes his dick out and starts sucking.  Bartender says "free drinks the rest of the night if you let me try that ?" Man agrees and the bartender hits the monkey and it does the same thing, Bartender exclaims "OH better than my wife"  Gay guy sitting beside the man with the monkey asks "oh can I try that I'll give you £20" man agrees and the gay man says "ok but don't hit me as hard as you hit that monkey"
So a guy and his frog walk into a bar. And he has a few to many drinks by himself and the bartender begins to worry. The man asked for another pint.  "I think you've had a few to many," the bartender responds.  He replies in a drunken tone, "I'm a traveling showman, and I have a million dollar act. If I show it to you, can I have another drink?"  "Sure, I suppose."  The drunk pulls out a frog and a tiny piano and bench, and the frog begins to play a lovely little tune.  "That's amazing! Have one on the house!"  The showman gulps down the liquid and looks back to the barkeep.  "If I show you another act, will you give me another?"  "Gladly!"  So the man pulls out a spall mouse, who gets up on its hind legs and begins to sing along with perfect tone.  "That's ridiculous! I love it"  A well dressed man stands up from a nearby booth.  "I love your act, but I'm a showman myself and would like to own it. How does that sound? A million for the whole lot."  The drunkard looks up. "Not for sale."  "How about a million for the piano playing amphibian?"  "Not for sale."  "How about the same for the rodent?"  "Sure thing."  The rich performer hands over a check and jauntily saunters out of the bar with his new act.  "The barkeep is stunned. "Why did you do that? You just sold off what could have made you millions more than that! You're insane!"  "On the contrary - the frog is a ventriloquist."
A Duck and a Fox walk into a bar... The Fox says "Duck"  The Duck says "quack"  They both hit their heads because the Fox was just trying to start a conversation
Gaius Julius Caesar walks into a baguette shop. The owner stops him at the door and says: "I cannot believe you have the Gaul to just strut in here like that!"
A man walks into a bar... and he lost the limbo contest. 
A clown walks into a bar Bartender says, "Why the funny face?"  The clown says, "It's ezcema."  "You should try some makeup."
A Pollack walks into a chainsaw shop He tells the chainsaw shop owner that he needs a cheap saw that will cut at least a half of a cord of wood a day. The chainsaw shop owner tells the Pollack that he has just what the man is looking for. The owner explains that his bottom of the line chainsaw is cheap and is guaranteed to cut a half of a cord of wood a day. The Pollack, happy with the price, buys the chainsaw and heads home to cut the wood.   The next day, the Pollack comes back to the chainsaw shop with the chainsaw and tells the owner, "I was only able to cut a quarter of a cord of wood with this piece of crap!" The owner, shrugs his shoulders and says "hmmm, that's strange. Well I will sell you a higher quality chainsaw at the same price as the cheap one for your troubles. This chainsaw is a step above the last one, and its guaranteed to cut 3/4 of a cord of wood a day!" The Pollack took the new chainsaw home and proceeded to cut the wood.   The next day, the Pollack barged into the chainsaw shop and angrily told the owner "This damn thing only barely cut more than a quarter of a cord of wood for me! I want my money back!" The chainsaw shop owner was confused and really wanted to help the Pollack with his dilemma so he told the Pollack... " I'll tell you what, I will let you take our highest end chainsaw. It is guaranteed to cut 2 cords of wood a day!" The Pollack, smiled and took the high end chainsaw home and proceeded to cut wood all day and through the night.   Tired and bruised, the Pollack stumbled into the chainsaw shop the next morning and threw the high end chainsaw on the counter. The chainsaw shop owner looked at the chainsaw, worn and covered in sap and dirt, the. Looked at the Pollack confused. The Pollack, tired and weary told the chainsaw shop owner.. "it only cut a cord of wood for me...." The chainsaw shop owner was frustrated and grabbed the high end chainsaw from the counter and said " Let me see this thing!" And yanked the cord to start the chainsaw. When the chainsaw revved up, the Pollack, frightened, put his hands over his ears and yelled... "WHAT IN THE HELL IS THAT NOISE!!!!" 
A man walks into a bar Ouch
A pizza delivery guy walks into a bar What? Did you think he was there to deliver pizza? Can't he want a drink once in a while?
Scotsman, Englishman, and an Irishman walk into a bar Sitting in a bar the Scotsman says, "As good as this bar is, I still prefer the pubs back home. In Glasgow, there's a wee place. The landlord goes out of his way for the locals. When you buy four drinks, he'll buy the fifth drink." "Well," said the Englishman, "At my local in London , the barman will buy you your third drink after you buy the first two." "Ahhh, dat's nothin'," said the Irishman, "back home in my favorite pub, the moment you set foot in the place, they'll buy you a drink, then another, all the drinks you like, actually. Then, when you've had enough drinks, they'll take you upstairs and see that you gets laid, all on the house!" The Englishman and Scotsman were suspicious of the claims. The Irishman swore every word was true. Then the Englishman asked, "Did this actually happen to you?" "Not to me, personally, no," admitted the Irishman, "but it did happen to me sister quite a few times."
A cellphone with 3% battery walks into a bar. The bartender says, "For you, no charge."
Two chemists walk into a bar. The first one says "I think I'll have an H2O." The second one says "I think I'll have an H2O too." But nothing happened because no bar carries fucking hydrogen peroxide.
3 logicians walk into a bar... The bartender asked if they all want drinks. The 1st say "I don't know" the second says "I don't know" and the third says "yes".
A duck walks into a bar... ...and asked the bar tender:  Duck: Hey, got any grapes?  Bartender: No.   The duck leaves. Next day he goes back.  Duck: Hey, got any grapes?  Bartender: No.  Duck leaves. Comes back the next day.  Duck: Hey, got any grapes!?  Bartender(slightly annoyed): No.  The duck leaves. Sure enough a day later he comes back.  Duck: Hey! Got any grapes!?  Bartender(finally has had enough): No! I don't have any grapes for you. And if you keep asking me I'm going to nail your bill to my counter.   The duck leaves. Then the next day he comes on in the bar and asks.  Duck: Hey! Got any nails?  Bartender: No.  Duck: GOT ANY GRAPES!?!?  
A minor walks into a bar... He got kicked out
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks: 'Why the long face?'' The horse, incapable of human speech, shits on the floor and leaves.
A snail walks into a car dealership And asks the sales man for a fast car with a big S painted on the side. The salesman says they could get something like that but he is a bit confused. He asks the snail about the peculiar requests. The snail replies, You see, when I drive down the street, I want people to say "wow, look at the S car go!"
An amnesiac walks into a bar. An amnesiac walks into a bar. He goes up to a beautiful blonde and says, “So, do I come here often?”
A pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head.  The bartender says, "Hey, what's that?". The pirate replies, "Argh, I've got a Bounty on my head."
A hamburger walks into a bar and orders a beer The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve food here."
A man walks into a pub and orders a pint of Guinness He takes a sip and the goes to the toilet. Whilst in the toilet, a Northern Ireland-man gets up and farts into the man's pint.  When he returns, the barman tells him what the man did.  "Hey! You fart in me Guinness?"  and the mans says "No, I'm Gerry Adams." 
An introvert walks into a bar... He has 3 beers and heads home as soon as it starts to get crowded.
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense. ...gets me every single time. 
Ayn Rand, Rand Paul, and Paul Ryan walk into a bar... The bartender serves them tainted alcohol because there are no regulations. They die.  
Three guys walk into a wizard's bar They are greeted by an old man with a long beard at the bar who introduces himself as the bartender.  "Tonight only, for just $100, you can have an endless glass of anything in this bar!"  "Yeah right!" The first guy says. "Bet you can't get me an endless, cold Moosehead!"  With a flick of the old man's hand, a cold Moosehead appears before the first guy!   "Not bad, but let's see if this is *actually* unlimited!"  In an single go, the first guy downs the entire beer. After opening his eyes again, however, he sees that the glass has already been refilled!   "No way!" the first guys says in excitement, and after downing another Moosehead is pleased to watch it refill itself again.  The first guy then thanks the wizard, pays the $100, then puts a $10 tip in the tip jar before heading out.  The second guy, still in disbelief, says,  "This has got to be fake! I bet you can't get me an endless Mojito!"  Once again, with the flick of the wizard's hand, a Mojito magically appears before the second guy!  He then downs three Mojitos which magically refills itself, then pays and puts a $50 tip in the jar before heading off.  The wizard then looks to the third guy and says, "And what will you have tonight, sir?"    The third guy immediately points to the tip jar and says,  "I'll have an endless glass of that!"
A man named Jimmy walks into a bar He sits down at the bar and notices a couple lines of people standing at the other side of the bar.  Jimmy asks the bartender "what are those people standing over there for?"  The bartender replies, "oh, the owner has a nice system setup for people who can't pay their tabs. He really enjoys causing others pain, so if you stand in the first line you can get kicked by the owner and he lets you go free. In the second, the owner gets to twist your nipples as hard as he wants, but again, you get to go for free."  Jimmy responds "Wow, what an interesting system. You know  what would make it a lot better?"  "What's that?" Asks the bartender  "If there was a punchline" 
A Philosopher, a Optimist, a Pessimist, a Realist, and a feminist all walk into a bar...  The Philosopher is drinking his beer.   He gets to the middle of the glass.   "Hmm...this bugs me. Is the glass half empty, or half full?"   The Optimist smiles and says,  "Oh please, the glass is half full!"   The Pessimist frowns and says,  "Uh, no. The glass is clearly half empty."   The Realist starts to think and says,  "Well you see, if the glass was filled, then emptied, it would be half empty. If it was empty, and it was filled, it would be half full."   The Philosopher takes all the advice given, but hasn't heard from the feminist. So he asks her thoughts on the matter.   "Well, all of you are very wrong!" The Feminist exclaimed, "The glass is clearly being raped." 
A Monk walks into a bar The bartender asked "What do you want to have?"  The monk replied "Make me one with Everything"
A rabbi, priest, and lawyer walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them and says, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
A guy walks into a Bar And asks for a beer.   The bartender: 'do you want a normal beer or a no-alcohol?'   'It depends. Do you want normal money or Monopoly's?'
A rope walks into a bar The bartender says "we don't serve your kind here."  The rope leaves and cuts the top of his hair.   He comes back the next day and the bartender says, "are you that rope I kicked outta here yesterday?"  The rope says, "I'm a frayed knot."  Then he gets shot in the face. 
An Irishman walks into a pub with a black eye... ...his friend asks him "How'd you get that?" to which he replies "I got it in church this morning"  The Irishman explains that there was a fat woman sitting in front of him and when they stood up for a hymn he could see that her dress was stuck to her arse. "I tried to pull it out for her and she turned around and clocked me!". The following week the Irishman came back to the pub with another black eye. He said "The same thing happened again this week! Same woman in front of me, except my little cousin pulled her dress out of her arse. I knew she didn't like it like that so I put it back for her and she turned around and clocked me again!
3 men walk into a church in search of helping the cause. They all three walk up to the preacher.  Preacher: "yes gentleman, how may I help you?" Guy #1: "I'd like to be the official church bell ringer." Preacher: "okay show me what you got." Guy #1: *walks to the bell tower vigorously rings it, and walks back*  Preacher: "Thank you son, I will get back to you." Guy #2: "I am looking to be the official church bell ringer as well." Preacher: "Very well you have the same task." Guy #2: *walks to the bell tower, rings it with all his might, and walks back* Preacher: "Thank you son, I will get back to you." Guy #3: "Father I really would love to be part of this community, and you see I have no arms. I'm not sure how else to prove my worth other than being the official church bell ringer." Preacher: "But son how will you ever ring the bell?" Guy #3: "Please father just give me a chance." Preacher: "Very well show me what you're made of." Guy #3: *walks up to bell tower* With his head drawn back as far as it can go, he flings his head  forward to ring the bell. ONCE, TWICE, THR... he misses and falls off the bell tower. Random guy #1: OH NO! DOES ANYONE KNOW THIS MAN!  random guy #2: No, but his face sure does ring a bell.
An old man walks into a pub in Scottland, his feet shuffling, his back bent. He drags himself onto a stool and orders a beer. Placing the full glass in front of him, the bartender inquires upon his sad face.  The man answers with a smoky and trembling voice and a Scottish accent:   Ah, tell ya man! This pub, this very pub we're just sitting in. I built it, with me own hands! But do they call me the Pubmaker? Naa! See the wall over there, that protects our town? I built it, with me own hands! But do they call me the Wallmaker? And the bridge, you know, that crosses our river, I built it, with me own hands! But do they call me the Bridgemaker?   But I tell ya, man! YOU FUCK ONE GOAT!
An amnesiac walks into a bar. I forgot the rest.
A black man walks into an all white bar and orders a drink. They tell him "we don't serve negros here"    And he replies with "Good, I wasn't planning to order any."
Jumper cables walks into a bar. The bartender says I'll serve you but don't start anything. 
A man walks into a bar And sees two men playing poker with a dog at the corner table.  The man, shocked by what he's seen, turns to the barman and says "holy shit, that must be a really smart dog."  The barman nonchalantly replies "you would think, but every time the fucker gets a good hand his tail starts wagging."
So a man walks into a bar and sits down. He starts a conversation with an old guy next to him. The old guy has obviously had a few. He says to the man:  "You see that dock out there? Built it myself, hand crafted each piece, and it's the best dock in town! But do they call me "McGregor the dock builder"? No! And you see that bridge over there? I built that, took me two months, through rain, sleet and scoarching weather, but do they call me "McGregor the bridge builder"? No! And you see that pier over there, I built that, best pier in the county! But do they call me "McGregor the pier builder"? No!"  The old guy looks around, and makes sure that nobody is listening, and leans to the man, and he says:  "but you fuck one donkey..."
An engineer walks into a bar with a cheese sandwich under his arm. He tells the bartender "I'll have a pint of lager for me and the cheese sandwich." The bartender replies "Sorry but we don't serve food here."  "Oh it's not what you think" exclaimed the engineer.  In "food engineering class " this morning we had a huge malfunction.   This isn't actually a cheese sandwich - it's my lab partner!  And he is the very best person ever !!! Ask anyone !!     The engineer places the cheese sandwich on a bar stool.  "Introduce yourself buddy !!"  "I'm Frank" said the cheese sandwich
A duck walks into a bar.... "vodka and coke please" the duck says. The barman is amazed but manages to reply "do you want ice?".   "no thanks, I want to drink it quick, I've had a nightmare fighting a boiler today and need to take the edge off"   The barman hands the drink over, The duck wraps his beak/bill around the glass and begins flapping his wings lifting himself just inches into the air whilst simultaneously folding   a crisp 50  from behind his ear into an  intricate woodland origami scene featuring 4 different animals, 2 trees and a flying bird before placeing it on the bar alongside the empty glass, "keep the change". The barman exclaims "that's unbelievable! Not only are you a talking duck but your incredibly talented and wealthy, you should go speak to the circus thats just arrived in town"   The duck leans back in the stool and asks "why the fuck would a circus need a plumber?"
A preist and a rhabbi walk into a bar. And the bartender says, "Is this some kind of a joke?"
A guy walks into a bar and notices a jar of money on the bar. A guy walks into a bar, notices a very large jar on the counter, and sees that it's filled to the brim with $10 bills.  He guesses there must be thousands of dollars in it.  He approaches the bartender and asks, "What's up with the jar?"  "Well, you pay $10 and if you pass three tests, you get all the money..."  The man certainly isn't going to pass this up.  "What are the three tests?"  "Pay first.  Those are the rules," says the bartender.  So the man gives him the $10 and the bartender drops it into the jar.  "O.K.," the bartender says.  "Here's what you need to do:  First, you have to drink an entire gallon of pepper tequila, the whole thing, all at once and you can't make a face while doing it.  Second, there is pit bull chained up out back with a sore tooth. You have to remove the tooth with your bare hands.  Third, there's a 90 year old woman upstairs who has never reached orgasm during intercourse.  You've got to make things right for her."  The man is stunned.  "I know I paid my $10, but I'm not an idiot!  I won't do it.  You have to be nuts to drink a gallon of pepper tequila and then do those other things!"  "Your call," says the bartender, "but your money stays where it is."  As time goes on the man has a few drinks, then a  few more, and he asks, "Where's zat tequila?"  He grabs the gallon with both hands and downs it with a few big slurps.  Tears are streaming down both cheeks, but he doesn't make a face.  Next, he staggers out back where the pit bull is chained-up and soon the people inside the bar hear a huge, noisy scuffle going on outside.  They hear the pit bull barking, the guy screaming, the pit bull yelping and then silence.  Just when they think the man surely must be dead, he staggers back into the bar with his shirt ripped and large bloody scratches all over his body.  "NOW," he says, "Where's the old woman with the sore tooth?"
So this blind guy walks into a bar.... and a table....and a chair....
Two German parents walk into a birth registration center Employee: "What the girl's name?"  Father: "Liezel Roddy Hitler"  Employee: "Literally Hitler?"  Mother: "Ja"  Thus, a legend was born.
2 iPhones Walk into a bar. I forget the rest..
Putin walks into a bar. Bartender says, "Sorry buddy, we can't serve you."  "Why not, comrade? I am Russian. I can drink anyone under the table!"  "See that sign over there? No shirt, no service."  [edit: fixed typo.]
A guy walks into a pharmacy buys a pack of condoms and walks out laughing He does this every day consecutive for a week. Finally the pharmacy owner asks his assistant to follow the man the next time he returns. Sure enough the man returns the next day and walks out laughing once again. The assistant follows him and returns about half an hour later. When the pharmacist asked where he had followed him the assistant simply replied "your house". 
A man and an ostrich walk into a resturant. The waitress asks "what will you have?"  He says "I'll have a hamburger, fries and a coke". The ostrich says "I'll have the same" it comes up to be $10.98 and he pulls exact change out of his pocket. The next day he and the ostrich come back. The waitress asks "what will you have"?  He says "I'll have a hamburger fries and a coke" the ostrich says "I'll have the same". It comes up again to be $10.98 and the man pulls exact change of his pocket. He does this all week until Saturday. On Saturday the waitress says "I know, I know you will have a hamburger, fries and a coke" the man says "no, no it's Saturday we're going to celebrate. I want a steak iced tea and a salad." The ostrich says "I'll have the same". It comes up to be $31.29. The man pulls exact change out of his pocket the waitress says "okay I have to ask you this. All week you've been pulling exact change out of your pocket, why?" "Well two years ago I stumbled upon a genie lamp and he granted me two wishes. The first wish was that every time I went to pay for something I would pull exact change out of my pocket." The waitress says "well that's really good most people would wish for a million dollars and that would run out". Then she glances over and asks "what's with the ostrich:?  The man replies "I also asked for a chick with long legs".
Three guys walk into a bar and sit next to eachother The first guy goes "Okay, you can have sex with anyone you can think of, who is your ultimate lay?" The second guy replies "I would like to have sex with my wife one last time. She died in a car crash ten years ago because of a drunk driver, and there was nothing they could do... I've been longing for her ever since..."  The third guy says "I also choose this guy's dead wife.".
A family walks into a hotel. The father walks up to the front desk and says, "I hope the porn is disabled." The desk clerk says, "It's just regular porn, you sick fuck."
A horse walks into a bar The Barman ask why the long face
two guys walk into a bar the third one ducks
A Roman walks into a bar holds up two fingers and says "Five beers, please."
A man walks into a bar the day after Christmas... He walks up to the bar, sits down and doesn't say a word.  The bartender walks over and asks, "what are you having?"  The man shakes his head. Let's out a deep breathe and says, "I'm pissed off."  Bartender, putting his hands down on the bar, "Why are you angry, it's the day after Christmas."  "I know it is and all I got was a damn sweater. I'm pissed off."  Now the bartender asks again, "why are you so pissed off about getting a sweater?"  The man now irritated says, "You don't understand, I had to pay for it."  So the bartender asks, "why are you pissed off if you paid for the sweater you got for Christmas?"  The man responds, "because I paid for a screamer and a moaner."
A pagan tribesman accidentally walks into a Christian priest, who clasps the cross around his neck with trembling hands and screams "Dear God!" Also frightened, the tribesman clasps his ritual bone-necklace, screaming "Deer God!"
A man walks into a restaurant... A man walks into a restaurant and sees a sign that reads:  CHEESEBURGER: $2.00 SALAD: $4.50 HAND JOB: $15.00   He decides to order and an exceptionally attractive blonde comes over. "What may I get you?" she asks. "I was wondering," whispers the man. "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" "Yes," she purrs. "I am." The man replies, "Well, wash your hands. I want a cheeseburger."  EDIT: Creds to Gilbert Gottfried; https://youtu.be/ZUDV4YYe95M
Guy walks into a bar and there's a gorilla sitting in the corner. Guy says to the bartender, "What's with the gorilla?"  Bartender says, "I'll show ya." .  The bartender walks over with a baseball bat and smashes the gorilla right in the nose. The gorilla gets on his knees and gives the bartender a blow job.   Bartender says, "What do ya think?"  Guy says, "That's great."  Bartender asks, "You wanna try?"  Guy says, "Sure, but don't hit me so hard."
A blind guy walks into a bar... ...and breaks his nose.
A good looking font walks into a bar and approaches a woman. She looks at him and says "keep walking.  You're not my type".
A priest, a child molester, and a rapist walk into a bar... He sits down and has a drink
A perv, a con artist and a fascist walk into a bar... The bartender says, "what can I get you Mr. President?"
Three law students walk into a BAR One passes
A man walks into a bar and orders a coffee and a blowjob. Waitress: I'm terribly sorry but we're out of coffee.  Man: I'll go somewhere else then.
A priest, an Imam, and a rabbi walk into a bar. A priest, an Imam, and a rabbi walk into a bar. Barman asks " What it's this? Some kind of joke?"
A Roman man walks into a bar He sticks up 2 fingers and the bartender gives him 5 beers
So a redditor walks into a hotel, and as he's going to reception to check in... ...username checks out
A man, a woman and a non-binary person walk into a bar The man comes out of the hospital with a broken nose, the woman with three broken teeth and the non-binary person didn't exist in the first place.
Three Valve employees walk into a bar One says "I'd like two beers and one beer please."  The bartender replies "you mean three?"  The three employees stare at him confused for several moments before one blurts out  "What the hell is three?"
[Music] Two A's. An E and a C walk into a bar The bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve minors"
Dude walks into an Irish bar... Starts to doodle.
A horse walks into a bar And the bartender says "hey, why the long face?"
A string walks into a bar And the bartender says, "We don't serve your kind here." So the string leaves and comes back twisted up and it's hair parted. Bartender says, "Hey aren't you that same string from earlier?" "I'm a frayed knot." Says the string.
A goth, a weeb and a brony walks into a bar Bartender said well well well! We don't see you people often in here. So how about this, I'ma make you an offer. Each one of you say the most embarrassing thing you have done, and the person with the most cringe-worthy story gets a drink for free.  The Goth said, well I cut my ex's name in my arms, I tried to burn it off using sulphuric acid but ended up in an ICU. The weeb then said, well that's nothing, I once tried to pick up this Asian girl by talking to her in Japanese for 20 minutes, only to find out that she is ethnically Chinese, and was born and raised in California. But I really liked her so I stalked her for half a year and got an restraining order filed against me.  The brony sighed loudly. He inhaled hard on his cigarette, held it for a while and exhaled a long stream of thick smoke. Scratching his neckbeard staring at the ceiling, he said: Can you believe the judge thought these two little cocksuckers should stay with me instead of their mom?
A Rastafarian Gentlemen walks into a Bank He hands a cashier a bag full of marijuana. The angry cashier asks 'Sir what on earth is this...? The Rastafarian replies "wa yah ask foolish question mon, mi come to open a joint account" 
A termite walks into a bar and asks... Is the bar tender here?
Two philosophers walk into a bar, sit down, order a round of beers, and start playing poker. I Kant tell you the rest; it just wasn't in Descartes.
A man walks into a dentist's office. He says to the dentist, "I think I'm a moth."   The dentist asks, "Why did you come in here? You need to see a psychiatrist!"  The man replies, "Because the light is on."
A man walks into a bar Guy walks into a bar and sits at a table. Tells the waitress, "I'll have a Bloody Mary and a menu." When she returns with his drink, he asks "Still servin' breakfast?" When she says Yes, he replies, "Then I'll have two eggs-runny on top and burnt on the bottom, five strips of bacon-well done on one end and still raw on the other, two pieces of burnt toast and a cold cup of coffee." Indignantly the waitress says, "We don't serve that kinda stuff in here!" Guy says, "Funny... that's what I had in here yesterday..."
A man walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads: Cheese Sandwich: $1.50 Chicken Sandwich: $2.50 Hand Job: $10.00  He checks his wallet and beckons to the sexy bartender.  "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" he asks.  "Yes," she purrs. "I am."  "Well, wash your frickin' hands," says the man. "I want a cheese sandwich!"
A family walks into a hotel A family walks into a hotel. The father goes to the man at the front desk and says “I hope the porn is disabled”. The guy at the desk replies, “It’s just regular porn you sick fuck.”
An Oxford Graduate walks into a bar Some Texans are mingling at the bar when an Oxford graduate walks in. “Howdy, stranger,” one Texan says. “Where are you from?”  The Oxford graduate answers, “I come from a place where we do not end our sentences in prepositions.”  “Oh, I’m sorry,” replies the Texan. “Where are you from, jackass?”
Argon walks into a bar, The bartender says: "hey! I don't serve noble gases" Argon doesn't react.
A String Walks Into A Bar and Orders a Drink The Bartender looks down and says " We don't serve strings here. "  The string, defeated, goes home. He ruffles up his ends and ties himself into a knot. He again walks into the bar and orders a drink. The bartender looks down and says:  " Aren't you the same string that tried to order a drink?"  The string looks down, looks up again, and says " I'm afraid knot. "
A man walks into a bar... with a giraffe.  He and the giraffe get incredibly drunk.  The giraffe falls to the floor with a thunderous crash.  The man stands and begins to totter out of the bar.  The bartender calls to him, saying, "Hey! You can't just leave that lyin' there!"  The man calls back, "Izz *hic* izz not a lion, izz a *hic* izz a giraffe."
Giraffe walks into a bar... bartender points to sign - "No tall tails allowed."  Giraffe says "but I ain't lion!"  Down the bar, the lion groans "Have you no pride?"  Cheetah in the corner yells "I'm fast getting tired of these stupid puns!" Giraffe - "Guess I'll find a new watering hole."  Remember to tip your waiter!
A grammar nazi walk into a bar and berates me.
Guy walks into a bar, sits, and orders a beer from the bartender As he is sipping his beverage, he looks down and sees a gorilla sitting at the other end.  He asks the bartender, *"What's with the gorilla?"*  The bartender says, *"Oh, that's Mable. She does a trick. Want to see it?"*  *"Sure"*  So the bartender whistles and Mable comes lumbering down the length of the bar.  The bartender pulls out a heavy steel pipe and hits the gorilla in the side of its head. The gorilla drops to its knees and starts giving the bartender a blow job.  *"Wow!"*, says the guy.  The bartender says, *"Pretty amazing, huh? You want to try?"*  The guys says, *"Yeah, sure! Just don't hit me so hard."*
two men walk into a bar the second one says, "I didn't see it either" 
A guy walks into a bar... It a shame he didn't see it.
A string walks into a bar, hops on a stool &amp; orders a beer; bartender says, "We don't serve strings in here. You're gonna have to leave."  String replies, "I'm a frayed knot."
A drunk man walks into a bar... A drunk man, 35 years old, walks into a bar. Stumbling through the bar, he finds a seat and asks the bartender for a whiskey.   The bartender, seeing how drunk he is, is hesitant to serve the man. "How much have you had to drink today?" he asks.   The man responds, "Today's my Anniversary. I had 21 shots of vodka, one for each year I've been married."  "No way you've been married 21 years, you look too young!" says the bartender.   "I count in dog years, my wife's a bitch."
The past, future, and present walk into a bar It was tense.
A ninja, a priest and a rabbi walk into a bar. The bartender says, “Good to see you two”﻿
If a roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers.. Does he get two or five drinks?
A Duck Walks Into a Drugstore A duck walks into a drugstore and asks for a tube of ChapStick. The cashier says to the duck, “That’ll be $1.49.” The duck replies, “Put it on my bill.”
A man walks into the law firm of "Feldman, Goldberg, and Hernandez" A man walks into  the law firm of "Feldman, Goldberg, and Hernandez" and asks that Hernandez be his lawyer.  "But why him?" asks the secretary.  "Because I trust the initiative of someone who was able to get hired with such company." the man replies.
Norwegian jokes #1. Three guys walks into a cabin... Three guys went cross-country skiing in the mountains. After having traveled the whole day, dragging themselves uphill through the snow with their ski poles, they reach a small cabin where they decide to stay overnight. The place is very tight, and there is only a single, narrow bed that the three young men share for the night. Next morning the guy who slept nearest the wall woke up, stretched and told the two other that he had slept wonderfully the whole night. He had been dreaming of a beautiful girl, and she had been very willing to have a good time with him. The guy who had slept nearest the edge of the bed said that he had slept wonderfully too, and that he'd been dreaming the same dream about a beautiful, willing girl. "You're lucky", the guy who slept in the middle replied, "All night long I've just been dreaming about skiing higher and higher and higher up the mountain..."
A blind man walks into a bar. Then into a chair, then into a table.
A man walks into a coffee shop Cashier: congratulations,  you are our thousandth customer! Enjoy this complimentary bagel.   Man:  hey thanks!   Cashier:  of course, and it's only two dollars!  Man:  i thought you said it was complimentary?   Cashier: it is  Bagel:  you have beautiful eyes
Chip and Stormzy walk into a bar They order a few drinks then Stormzy sprints out whilst Chip just walks out. This happens every day for the rest of the week and eventually the barman asks "How come you always dash out the bar whilst he only walks?"  To which Stormzy replied:  "Chip can't run out of bars."
An infinite amount of logicians walk into a bar... The first one asks the bartender for a pint of beer, the second for half a pint, the third for a quarter pint and so on. The bartender, an amateur logician himself, frowns at first and than he drafts two pints, takes an infinitely small sip from the second pint he drafted and says, with an infinitely small moustache of foam on his lip: "You guys sort out the rest of it."
A rat along with two of his best buddies walk into a bar the bar had to be shut down due to health violations.
A paperclip walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Why the pointy face?" The paperclip, incapable of human speech, forms a long, thin sliver of metal and stabs the bartender to death.
A guy walks into a psychiatrist's office A guy walks into a psychiatrist's office wearing nothing but a diaper made of Saran Wrap. The psychiatrist takes one look at him and says, "I can clearly see your nuts."
Amelia Earhart and Jimmy Hoffa walk into a bar. [ERROR 404: NOT FOUND]
so Stephen hawking walks into a bar... Just kidding
Man walks into a bar This man walks into a bar and sees a donkey. He askes the bartender why is there a donkey in here the bartender says if you can make this donkey laugh I will give you ten thousand dollars.  So the man whispers in the donkey's ear and the donkey started laughing.   Then the bartender said if you can make the donkey cry I will give you ten thousand more dollars. So the man turns to an angle where only the donkey can see and the donkey started crying.   The bartender couldn't believe it so he asked the man how did you make the donkey laugh then make the donkey cry?  He said first I told the donkey my dick was bigger than his, than I showed him.  
A Nazi walks into a Polish bar... and sees an orthodox Jew in the corner, nursing a beer. The Nazi smells an opportunity and yells to the bartender, "I want another round for everybody here, except for that Jew over there!"   Cheers erupt throughout the bar, and the Nazi looks smugly at the Jew. To his surprise, the Jew was smiling widely. The Nazi, in an attempt to remedy this, yelled to the bartender, "Another round for everyone except the Jew, but this time make it top shelf!"   The drinks are brought out, and the Nazi glances towards the Jew. Now, the Jew was grinning like a madman. The Nazi yelled to the bartender, "Hey! Is that Jew retarded or something?"   The bartender shakes his head and replies, "No Sir. He's the owner." 
Two chemists walk into a bar. Two chemists walk into a bar. The first one says, "I'll have some H2O." The second says, "I'll have some water too. But why'd you order it like that? We aren't at work." The first﻿ chemist excuses himself and weeps in the bathroom. His assassination plot had failed.
This blind guy walks into a lesbian bar... sits down at the bar and orders a drink. The lesbian bartender realizes he's blind so she serves him. He sits there for a while and then announces that he has a blonde joke to tell. The bartender says,"Just so you know, you're in lesbian bar and there are 5 blonde, badass, butch, lesbians sitting on either side of you so you might wanna reconsider telling a blonde joke." The blind man immediately says,"Oh, yeah never mind." The bartender laughs and say,"Don't wanna get your ass kicked, do ya." The blind man says,"No, I just don't wanna have to explain the joke 5 times."
A Southerner and a Northerner both walk into the same diner. The Southerner is having breakfast of coffee, grits, biscuits and jam, when the Northerner, chewing obnoxiously on gum, sits down next to him. The Southerner ignores the Northerner who, nevertheless, starts a conversation.  Northerner:"When you Southern people eat bread, do you eat the whole slice?"  Southerner:"Yep."  Northerner:(After blowing a huge bubble) "We don't. Up North, we only eat what's inside. The crust we collect in a container, recycle it, then transform them into biscuits and send them to the South." The Northerner has a smirk on his face. The Southerner listens in silence. The Northerner persist.."Do you eat jam with biscuits?"  Southerner:"Yep."  Northerner: (Cracking and smacking his gum between his teeth and chuckling) "We don't. Up North, after we eat fruit for breakfast, we put all the peels, seeds, and leftovers in containers, recycle them, and transform them into jam, and then send it down South."  Then the Southerner asks.."Y'all have sex up North?"  Northerner:"Why, of course, we do." And he pops another big bubble.  Southerner:"And what do y'all do with the condoms once ya use 'em?"  Northerner:"We throw them away, of course."  Southerner:"We don't. Down South, we put them in a jar, melt them down into bubble gum, and sell them to Yankees."
A Brit walks into a bar in Mississippi. The bartender, taking note of the man's rather non-local appearance, shook his head and handed the man a beer - he didn't want to be at the butt-end of some lame joke.  The other bargoers, however, didn't seem to have the same inclination, and so began pestering the Brit.  "Well lookie here!" said a drunkard. "We dun' gat ourselves uh fan-see shman-see *Ang-low-Sax-tun*!"  "Hey, yew! Ah betcha y'all ain't doin' tew guud after them Yurro-payeans kicked y'all outta that dumb ol' union they gat!" another joined in.  The Brit, rolling his eyes at the locals' lack of understanding, replied: "I do believe you'll find that *we* left the Union of our *own* accord, thank you very much."  "Oh, *sure* y'all did!" a third joined in. "He's lyin', fellers - them Brits ain't got no accordians, that's the French!"  "Ah," the Brit nodded, deciding to play around with the men a little. "I suppose you heard that on your lovely little 'history' channel?"  "Is that s'posed t' be uh jab at us, huh?" the first local retorted. "Ah'll have yew know that we 'ere don't *need* yer fan-see puhblic *ed-yew-cay-shun* t' be smart!"  "Matter uh fact," the second cut in, "we 'ere in Miss'ssippi better at *awll* them thangs y'all Brits do up there in Yer-up!"  "Such as?" the Brit challenged them.  "Well, we gat arselves sum guud ol' futball, and we are *sure* as *heyull* better at it than YEW!" the third local proclaimed.  "We not only invented the *real* football, but we spread it *across the world*," the Brit replied.  "*We* know how to put them blacks in their place!" the second declared.  "Ah, you went and brought a few over to your place just to mess with them?" the Brit chuckled. "How cute. We went and messed with them *on their home continent*. And we colonised the whole damn place, just for good measure."  "I...er...hm...." the first stuttered.  The locals then fell into a quick silence, not quite sure of what else they could claim to fame where the Brit could not. The Brit, meanwhile, realised the whole bar had gone rather quiet; the other locals had started listening in to the conversation with great care, hoping to find some small little piece of information that they could take pride in.  Finally, a fourth local in the back of the bar broke the silence:  "Well, y'all may not think too kindly of it, but ah'll tell y'all this much - me here, and the rest uh mah family, and quite a few of them other fam'lies in this 'ere state, are quite good at bein'...close to each other, if ya know what I mean."  The bar suddenly turned into an uproar of hollering and cheering - finally, something unique to the South!  "Ha ha, that's right, buddy!" said the first local, taking another swig of his beer. "How 'bout that - there ain't no way y'all Brits can out-do our fam'lies in incestual relashunships!"  "Well..." Prince William replied.
A man walks into a bar... After a few beers he is in the middle of a conversation with the bartender, they start talking about penguins and the man brings up: "I have never seen a penguin" The bartender replies "what?! You have never seen a penguin?! Get out of my bar and never come back". The bartender calls for security and they drag him outside.  The man very confused goes to his house and to bed with his wife. The man starts telling her about what happened. "Today I got dragged out of the bar just because I have never seen a penguin". The wife yells in terror: "what?! You have never seen a penguin?! I want the divorce!" After a long struggle the man gets kicked out of the bedroom and sleeps in the couch.  The next morning his son wakes him up asking why had he slept in the couch. The man answers: I got dragged out of the bar and kicked out of the bedroom because I have never seen a penguin. The son yells: "what?! You have never seen a penguin?! I don't love. I don't want to see you ever again!". The man has now been kicked out of his own house.  The man having nowhere to go arrives at his office but he is so overwhelmed that he starts crying on his desk. His boss passed by and asked him what's wrong. The while sobbing replies: "i got dragged out of my favorite bar, my wife wants the divorce and my son doesn't love me, all just because I have never seen a penguin!". The boss screams in his face: "what?! You have never seen a penguin?! You are fired!". The has now lost his job.  Without money the man becomes a hobo and soon enough he finds himself in the necessity of steal food to survive. But gets easily caught and sent to the judge. But the judge was an old friend from college in fact he was his best friend. So the judge asked him what had happened to him. The man doubtfully answers: "i got dragged out of my favorite bar, my wife divorced me, my son doesn't love me, and I lost my job, all just because I have never seen a penguin!" The judge slams his hammer with anger and says: "what?! You have never seen a penguin?! I sentence you to life imprisonment".  The man now in his prison gets asked by one of the other inmates how did he got here. The man is reluctant but thinks it can't get worse from where he is so replies: "I got dragged out of my favorite bar, my wife divorced me, my son doesn't love me, I lost my job, and got sentenced for life all just because I have never seen a penguin!" The other inmate stands up and yells: "what?! You have never seen a penguin?!" All the other inmates hear it they gang up on him and the man gets beaten to death.  The man stands in the gates of heaven in front of saint peter who is reading a scroll. He asks the man how did he died. He doesn't want to answer knowing for sure what would happen next but in heaven it is impossible to lie.  got dragged out of my favorite bar, my wife divorced me, my son doesn't love me, I lost my job, got sentenced for life, and beaten to death all just because I have never seen a penguin!" Saint Peter says with surprise and pity "What?! You have never seen a penguin?! Well to hell then". Saint Peter pulls a lever that opens the floor and the man falls into hell.  In hell he is greeted by the devil who after a short introduction asked the man why did he got there so he can send him to the right circle of hell. The man now tired inhales deeply:  "I got dragged out of my favorite bar, my wife divorced me, my son doesn't love me, I lost my job, I got sentenced for life, beaten to death and sent to hell all just because I have never seen a penguin!" The devil laughs mockingly: "What?! You have never seen a penguin?! To the lowest circle of hell!" The devil pushes him into a hole and falls into the deepest circle of hell.  There he meets another condemned soul like himself. That once again asks him why did he do. The man inhales deeply and says expressionless: "I got dragged out of my favorite bar, my wife divorced me, my son doesn't love me, I lost my job, I got sentenced for life, beaten to death and sent to the lowest circle of hell all just because I have never seen a penguin!" To what the other man answers: "What?! You have never seen a penguin?! Me neither!"
A particle walks into a bar... ...and his friend gets him a drink and asks how he's been. He says, "Not great. I just got laid off by my employer, and I haven't been able to find a new one, so I'm between jobs at the moment. Thankfully, though, I've recently been hired for a new position." His friend is puzzled and asks, "How can you be between jobs and still have a position?" The particle says, "It's a superposition."
f(x) walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't cater for functions
In the Wild West, a young dog with three legs walks into a bar He quietly tells the bartender, "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."
A guy walks into a bar... ... and asks the bartender for a Jack and Coke. The bartender hands him an apple. The man, looking confused, asks, "What's this?" The bartender replies, "Take a bite out of the apple." The man does and surprised, he says, "Wow, this tastes like Jack Daniels!" The bartender says, "Now turn it around." The man does and takes another bite, "...and this side tastes like Coke!" Another man walks in and asks for a Gin and Tonic. Again, the bartender hands him an apple and tells him to take a bite out of one side and then another. The man is amazed, "This tastes like Gin and Tonic!" A third man walks in and the previous two men tell him, "The bartender will give you an apple that tastes like anything you want!" The third man, looking skeptical says, "Oh, really?" He looks at the bar tender and asks, "Do you have an apple that tastes like pussy?" The bartender hands him an apple and tells him to take a bite. The third man bites into the apple and quickly spits it out, "THIS TASTES LIKE SHIT!!" The bartender says, "Turn it around..."  EDIT:  I shouldn't have to explain this but apparently some people don't understand that yes, this is indeed an old joke but I honestly don't remember where I got it from, I was browsing my old posts on Facebook in 2014 and came across it and thought it would be fun to share. IN NO WAY DID I EVER SAY THIS WAS MY ORIGINAL JOKE I MADE, if you found other sources or origins of it, then good on you.   EDIT2: ARE YOU KIDDING ME? The front page?! Really? Wow! :')
Last night this asshole doctor walks into my clinic and starts acting like he owns the place Seriously, that guy was really testing my patients
A jumper cable walks into a bar The bartender says" I'll serve you..BUT DON'T START ANYTHING"
3 guys walk into a bar... One of them is Mexican, another African and an American. The American looks at the other two and says "is this some kind of joke?"
A sprinter, a jogger and a hurdler walk into a bar. It's a running joke.
Two scientists walk into a bar... The first scientist orders h2O, the second says he wants H2O too. The bartender gives both a water because he saw this joke on reddit before.
a cow and a horse walk into a bar and ordered their drinks. the bartender then asked "how are you paying? cash or card?" to which both said mooneigh.
A Duck Walks Into A Bar A duck walks into a bar and goes to the bartender saying, "Hey bartender, got any grapes?"  The bartender gives him a puzzled look and says, "This is a bar, we don't sell grapes here."  So the duck leaves, but he comes back the following day and says, "Hey bartender, you got any grapes?"  The bartender, now slightly irritated says, "I told you yesterday this is a bar and we don't have any grapes!"  So the duck leaves and again comes back the following day and says to the bartender, "Hey bartender, you got any grapes?"  The bartender, now very annoyed says, "I've told you twice now that this is a bar and we don't have any grapes! If you ask me one more time i'm gonna nail your beak to the bar!"  So the duck leaves and once once more returns the following day going to the bar and saying, "Hey bartender, got any nails?"  The bartender says "No."   The ducks sits down and says, "Well, how 'bout some grapes?"
Two tins of soup, one tomato and the other chicken, walk into a bar... They order a couple of pints and find a seat in the corner to enjoy their tasty, refreshing beverages. A few moments later, another tin storms into the bar and starts flipping tables, screaming at the staff and throwing things about.   The tomato soup turns to his chicken-based friend and says: "we can't just sit here and let him do that! We have to stop him!"  To which the chicken soup tin says: "no chance I'm going anywhere near him, he's pure lentil"
The Beatles all walk into an orange underwater vehicle Oops, wrong sub
A dumb guy walks into a bar with his phone ..he opens Reddit and reads this post now
A blind person walks into a bar, picks up her guide dog by the leash and starts swinging it above her head. The bartender asks what she's doing, and the blind girl responds: "I'm just looking around"
C, Eb, and G walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, no minors."
A man walks into a bar with a slab of concrete under his arm He asks the barman: I'll have a beer, and one for the road
A guy walks into a bar... He says to the bartender, "Hey man, I could really use a Jack and Coke." The bartender replies, "I have just the thing," and places an apple on the bar. The man gives the bartender a strange look, to which the bartender says, "just take a bite."  So the man takes a bite of the apple. "Holy shit! That tastes just like Jack!" The bartender smiles and says, "Now... turn it around." The man turns the apple to the other side and takes another bite. "No kidding, now it tastes just like Coke."  A few minutes pass and another guy walks in. He says to the bartender, "I'd love a gin and tonic." Again, the bartender nods and places an apple on the bar. "What the hell is this?" says the second man. "Take a bite," says the first man, "this guy is really good."  So the second man takes a bite and, to his surprise, it tastes just like gin. The bartender smiles and says, "Now... turn it around." The second man turns the apple around takes another bite. It tastes just like tonic.  The evening continues and after a while a third man comes into the bar. He's already a little drunk, and when the bartender asks what he could get for him, the man bursts out, "I would *really* love some pussy." The bartender chuckles and places another apple on the bar, and the first two men excitedly encourage the third to take a bite.  "God, that tastes like ***shit***!" the man cries. The bartender smiles and says, "Now... turn it around." 
A hockey player walks into a bar He will be out 2 to 4 weeks with an upper body injury
A horse walks into a bar... The barman says "Why the long fac**e**?" The horse says "As an anthropomorphic horse, I fit in neith**e**r with humans nor my own kind, and have thus lived a life of lon**e**liness." 
A misogynistic, racist, xenophobic slanderer and corrupt man walks into a bar. The bartender says, what'll it be, Mr. President?
A QA engineer walks into a bar He buys a beer.  He buys 2 beers.  He buys 9999999999999999 beers.  He buys -1 beers.  he buys 0.1 beers.  He buys iguana beers.  he buys u9obgn;ufobefo6,.g beers.  he buys 2'); DROP TABLE *; beers.
A guy walks into a bar with an alligator  It's about 10 feet long. The bartender flips out and says, "Hey buddy, you gotta get that son of a bitch outta here. It's going to bite one of my customers and I'm going to get sued." The guy says, "No no no, it's a tame alligator. I'll prove it to you." He picks up the alligator and puts it on the bar. Then he unzips his pants, pulls out his package and sticks it in the alligator's mouth. The alligator just keeps his mouth open. After about 5 minutes, he pulls it out of the alligator's mouth and zips up his pants and says, "See, I told you it was a tame alligator. Anybody else want to try it?" The drunk down at the end of the bar says, "Yah, I'd like to try it but I don't think I can hold my mouth open that long!"
[NSFW] A drunk, a chain smoker, and a gay sex addict walk into the doctor's office. Heard this one in middle school.   A drunk, a chain smoker, and a gay sex addict walk into a doctor's office. After their consultation they all end up chatting at the bus stop and find that the doc told them all that they will die if they indulge in their addiction one more time.   After a few minutes go by, the drunk starts shaking and scratching. He says "That can't be true, right? It's ridiculous! I'm having a drink!" so he walks over to the bar across the street and orders a shot. In a single motion, he raised his shot glass to his lips, tilts his head back, downs the shot, and then falls back onto the floor dead.   The chain smoker and gay sex addict are surprised and saddened but after a few more minutes go by, the chain smoker starts shaking and scratching. He spots a half-smoked cigarette on the ground and can't take his eyes off of it. He yells "This is ridiculous! I'm having that cigarette!" but before he could reach it the sex addict stops him and says "If you bend over and grab that cigarette we're both gonners!"        On an unrelated note, how do i get to the community info and side bar from the app? It's not where it used to be. 
NSFW: a little boy walks into a drug store After reading u/weaverl47 joke I was reminded of this one:  A little boy walks into a drug store and places a box of condoms on the counter and states :"how much for these?"  The reply: "12.99 plus tax"  The boy's face lights up: "Oh, so that's how you keep them on"
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey.  He orders a drink and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all around the place. The monkey grabs some olives off the bar and eats them. Then he grabs some sliced limes and eats them. He then jumps onto the pool table and grabs one of the billiard balls. To everyone's amazement, he sticks it in his mouth, and somehow swallows it whole. The bartender screams at the guy, "Did you see what your monkey just did?"  "No, what?"  "He just ate the cue ball off my pool table... whole!"  "Yeah, that doesn't surprise me," replied the guy, "he eats everything in sight. Sorry! I'll pay for the cue ball and stuff."  The guy finishes his drink, pays his bill, pays for the stuff the monkey ate and leaves.  Two weeks later the guy is in the bar again, and has his monkey with him. He orders a drink and the monkey starts running around the bar again. While the man is finishing his drink, the   monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his butt, pulls it out, and eats it.   Then the monkey finds a peanut, and again sticks it up his butt, pulls it out, and eats it.  The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did  just now?"  "No, what?" replied the man.  "Well, he stuck both a maraschino cherry and a peanut up his butt, pulled them out, and ate them!" said the bartender.  "Yeah, that doesn't surprise me," replied the guy. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he had to shit that cue ball out, he measures everything first now."
A guy walks into the bathroom and sees a leprechaun A man walks into the bathroom and sees a leprechaun taking a piss.  The man grabs the leprechaun and says, "I got you, where's the gold?"  The leprechaun tells the man the he will give him the gold but first he needs the man to answer 3 questions and do one task.  The man agrees and the leprechaun asks,  What is your name?  Jerry How old are you Jerry?  37  Are you married Jerry? Yes, married with 3 kids  Now Jerry, I'm going to need you to suck my leprechaun dick.    Jerry considers backing out but decides he really needs the money and blows the leprechaun.    As the leprechaun zips up his pants he says to Jerry, Jerry, I have one more question...  You're 37 years old, married with 3 kids and you still believe in leprechauns? Happy St Patrick's day moron. 
A man walks into a bar... And says to the bartender, "I'll have a H2O please."  The bartender says, "I'm sorry Mr Feldman, you're in the wrong joke."
A man with a dog walks into a bar. The bartender says “Is that a French poodle, because he’s going oui oui all over the place”
A chicken walks into a library. He goes up to the librarian and says "Book Book Book"   The librarian hands him a book and the chicken goes on his way.  The chicken walks up to a frog and says "Book Book Book"  The frog reads the title and replies "Reddit Reddit Reddit"
A man walks into a Toy shop... He walks up to a shop assistant and asks what Barbie dolls the store has as he needs a gift for his daughter, the assistant replies  "Come with me and I'll show you". The store assistant brings the man to the Barbie aisle and says "we have a hairdresser Barbie for £20, a BMX Barbie for £35, a footballer Barbie for £50 (and so on)". The man replies, "they are all quite cool but I'm looking for something she will really really like". The shop assistant stops and thinks for a second before saying, "well you're in luck, we do have another new Barbie doll set but it is quite pricey"  The man replies "How much?"  "£200"  Upon hearing the price the man was very curious and asks what it could possibly be.  The assistant replies, "it's called the divorced Barbie, it comes with Ken's house, Ken's car, and Ken's money".
A Germ walks into a bar The bartender notices and says,”Hey your a germ! Your not allowed in here!” . “But I work here,” says the germ,” I’m staph.”
A blind man walks into a bar...... And a table......and a chair......
A female pop singer walks into a computer store. She buys a Mac.
Two gay men walk into a bar They spend hours in there, but they still don't come out
A Witcher walks into a tavern... (For Witcher Fans). He orders a drink of Timerian rye, then several of the baron's henchmen walk in unexpectedly and order vodka. They notice the Witcher at the counter and holler "Hey, grey boy, what's the point of having two swords!?" "Hehe.. Wonder if he keeps and extra prick in his trousers too." "Are ye fuckin deaf, or do I need to loosen your tongue with me knife too?"  The Witcher is irritated and responds, "I'm a Witcher. Heard you wondering about my swords. Well one's for monsters and the other's for 'killing monsters..."  
A grasshopper walks into a bar. The bartender says, "hey, we have a drink named after you!"  The grasshopper says, "you have a drink named Lenny?"
Amy Schumer, Chelsea Handler, and Sarah Silverman walk into a bar... Vagina!
Two Asian foreign exchange students, Ving and Ling Teeniedong, walk into a classroom They both sit next to Dave and they all get to know each other better.  As it turns out, Ving hates his name and wants to change it, so he asks Dave how he can do it.  Dave says he can drive them to the government office and show them, but Ling interjects, “you can't change your name! It has been in our family for many generations. If father finds out he will disown you!”  But Ving has his mind set and after school they head over. Ling insists on coming along and to tries convince Ving to stop, but with no luck.   On the way Dave asks Ving what name he would like, and Ving says, “Hmm, I want something cool; like Bruce Lee!”  So they get to the government building and Ving gets the proper forms from the teller. He is nearly finished when he starts to cry.  “I cannot do this,” he says, and tosses the forms back to the teller.  However, because of odd rules, he has to pay a small fee to cancel the process at this point.  “Fine, we will pay,” says Ling, taking out some money, “I'm just glad you are not going through with it.”  Suddenly, an elderly, short Asian man bursts through the door. He walks up furiously to Ling and says,  “Don't stop, be Lee, Ving. Hold on to that fee, Ling.”
Guy walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar and asks for ten shots of the establishments finest single malt scotch. The bartender sets him up, and the guy takes the first shot in the row and pours it on the floor. He then takes the last one in the row and does the same. The bartender asks him, "Why did you do that?" And the guy replies, " Well the first shot always tastes like crap, and the last one always makes me sick!"
Two guys walk into a bar... One ducks, the other says ouch!
An old man who suffers amnesia walks into a bar he can't remember anything
A math teacher walks into a chemistry class and start to teach his lecture. He turns around and says Oops wrong sub
(slightly vulgar) John Bobbit's cock walks into a bar... He sits at the table and says to the bartender "bartender, get me a drink" The bartender looks at him briefly, then goes to serve other customers.  Again he says "bartender... Get me a drink"  Again, the bartender looks at him, but again he just ignores him and continues serving other customers.   Now Bobbit's cock is getting pissed off and he says to the bartender "Wtf bartender, gimme a drink!" This time the bartender turns to him and says  "I'm sorry sir, I can't serve you any drinks, you've been cut off."
A zombie walks into a Death Metal concert... ... gets its brain eaten.
A man walks into a bar. He sat down and drank.
A snake walks into a bar The bartender asks "how the hell did you do that?"
A Man Walks Into A Bar A man walks into a bar, and sees a sign that reads "$50 if you can make my donkey laugh, $100 if you can make him cry."  Out of curiosity, he asks the bartender about it. To which he replies, "Just like the sign says. The donkey is out back; I'll give you $50 if you can make him laugh, and $100 if he cries. Tons of people have tried, but not one has been able to succeed."  So, after a few drinks, the man decides to give it a shot. He walks out back, and after a few minutes returns and says to the bartender, "The donkey is laughing, pay me."  The bartender, stunned, walks out back and sure enough, the donkey is laughing. He returns and pays the man the $50. The man then walks out back again, and after a few minutes, returns and says to the bartender, "The donkey is crying, pay me."  Bartender couldn't believe it, walks outside, and sure enough, the donkey is crying. So he returns and pays him the $100 and says "Hey, I gotta ask, how the hell did you do that? No one has ever done that."  The man finishes his drink and replies. "Well, the first time... I told him that my dick was bigger than his. The second time, I showed him."
A man walks into a bar, and to his surprise, Eminem is the one serving drinks. The man asks Eminem "Hey, can I get two shots of vodka?"  Eminem says "You only get one shot!"
So, a corpse walks into a bar... "Can I have a lemonade?" He asks the bartender.  The bartender says "Sure, I've never seen a stiff drink."
A Horse walks into a bar... He sits down at the bar and orders a drink  Bartender asks "why the long face?"  Horse replies "My alcoholism is destroying my family."
The Beach Boys walk into a bar…  "Round?"  "Round?"  "Get a round"  "I get a round?"  "Get a round...." 
A White couple walks into a fertility clinic wanting to have a baby The wife is siting at the desk and has an idea..."I want to have an Asian baby, do you want to have an asian baby" The husband, exited by the idea agrees. So they leave the fertility with what they wanted, and went home. They tried to have a baby, tried for the baby, they tried for 6 times before eventually she was pregnant. So nine months later, the couple is so excited for their Asian baby. They had prepared a lot of asian cultural activities for the newborn, to give it a sense of home. However, when the child was born, the parents realized, it was a white baby.  The moral of this story: Two whites dont make a wong 
Electron walks into a bar, bartender says what'll you have? Electron says, "I'm not positive, how about something that excites me.?
a Man walks into a bar A man walks into bar and sits down at the stool,   he asks the barman - Why is there a donkey in the corner crying with a bucket of cash on his table    The barman replies -  no one really knows but if you make the donkey laugh, the bucket of cash is yours    So the man walks over to the donkey and whispers something in his ear, the donkey bursts into laughter and the man takes his money and leaves  &amp;nbsp;   The next day he comes back into the bar and sits at the bar,  &amp;nbsp;  The donkey is still in the corner laughing with a bucket of cash on the table.  The barman tells the man - That donkey has been laughing since you left yesterday and now you get the bucket of cash if you can make him cry.  &amp;nbsp;   The man walks over to the donkey and whispers something in his ear - they both walk outside, the donkey comes back inside crying once again.  The man takes the bucket of cash, sits at the bar and orders a drink,  The barman says - you have to tell me what you are whispering to the donkey my good man.  The man replies - well, yesterday I told him I had a bigger dick than him, today I took him outside and proved it.
A guy walks into a bar...  ... with an alligator. It's about 10 feet long. The bartender flips out and says, "Hey buddy, you gotta get that son of a b*tch outta here. It's going to bite one of my customers and I'm going to get sued." The guy says, "No no no, it's a tame alligator. I'll prove it to you." He picks up the alligator and puts it on the bar. Then he unzips his pants, pulls out his package and sticks it in the alligator's mouth. The alligator just keeps his mouth open. After about 5 minutes, he pulls it out of the alligator's mouth and zips up his pants and says, "See, I told you it was a tame alligator. Anybody else want to try it?" The drunk down at the end of the bar says, "Yah, I'd like to try it but I don't think I can hold my mouth open that long!"
A man walks into a bar Orders 4 shots of tequila and drinks one after another. The bartender asks "Are you celebrating?"   "Something like that."   "What are you celebrating?"   "My first blow job."  "Hey, congrats! Let me buy you another."  "Naw, if 4 won't wash away the taste, nothing will."
A man walks into a bar He is then taken to the hospital for a head injury
Kermit the frog walks into a bar Kermit the frog asks for 15 shots of tequila. The bartender is shocked and says are you sure? Kernit the frog replies if this won't make me forget about the bad day i had i can always kermit suicide.
[long] A kangaroo walks into a bar... and says to the bartender, "gimme a beer."  The bartender is stunned at the sight of a talking kangaroo and doesn't move.  The kangaroo misinterprets this and says "I have money" while putting a $20 on the bar.  The bartender snaps to his senses and serves a beer.  He takes the $20, then goes in the back room to tell the manager what's going on.  "There's a talking kangaroo at the bar!  He ordered a beer and even paid!"  he said, holding up the $20.  "What should I do?"  he then asked.  The manager, figuring this was some kind of joke, rolled his eyes and dismissively said "keep the change", then went back to his paperwork.  The bartender thought about it for a moment and realized he might as well keep the $20; what're the chances this kangaroo would know the price of a beer?  When he returned to the bar, the kangaroo was done and said "gimme another beer" and put another $20 bill on the bar.  The bartender gives him another beer and takes the money, revelling at this lucky break.  He decides to chat up the kangaroo.  "So, here on business or pleasure?"  The kangaroo glares back at him and says "just trying to unwind."  Unfazed, the bartender jokingly continues, "Don't see many talking kangaroos in here!"  "I'm not surprised, $20 a beer is a rip-off" the kangaroo replies bitterly.
An elf and a human walk into a bar... The halfling and the dwarf pass under it.
A tachyon walks into the bar. A bar opens.
A vampire walks into a bar Vampire: "Give me a cup of hot water."  Bartender: "Aren't you a vampire."  Vampire: "Why yes I am."  Bartender: "I thought vampires drink blood. Why do you want a cup of hot water?"  Vampire: *pulls out a used tampon* "Tea time."
A bottle of Heineken walks into a restaurant The waiter said "I'm sorry but we don't serve alcohol."
A businessman walk into Lincoln's office Offers Lincoln $100 to change a piece of legislation and Lincoln smiles and says no.  The next day, the man comes back and offers $1000. Again Lincoln smiles and declines the offer.  On the third day, the businessman comes back and offers $10,000. This time Lincoln gets angry and throws the man out of his office. The man asks, 'why was your reaction so different this time' and Lincoln replies, 'you were getting close to my price.'
A group of friends walk into a bar. They start checking out the women and rating them. The first woman who walked by was a blonde. "She's an eight," says one of the guys. Another blonde walks by and the same guy says "She's a seven."   Then, this stunning woman in a hijab walks by. They all stare in awe. "She's a ten." declares one of the guys. They keep looking as she takes a seat at the bar. She then shouts "Allahu Akbar!" and pulls out a gun. Unfortunately for her, she was quickly restrained by a couple of men standing near her.  After this incident, she is taken away in handcuffs, looking enstranged and deranged. One of the guys says to his friend "Now she's a radical ten."
An American walks into a swiss bank with two large bags He walks up to a teller and says quietly "I have 2 million dollars in cash that I need to deposit into a swiss bank account now"  The teller replies "Sir, there's no need to whisper, poverty is nothing to be ashamed of in Switzerland."
A Canadian walks into a bar has a drink, pays his tab, and leaves.
So a panda walks into a bar Orders a salad and just after paying his bill whips out a Gloc and shoots one of the other bar patrons. The bartender asks what the hell his problem is and the panda says "I'm a panda look me up in the dictionary" then grabs his coat and walks out the door.  The bartender not knowing what else to do looks up "panda" in the dictionary it reads  pan·da  ˈpandə/  noun  a large endangered bearlike mammal with characteristic black and white markings, native to certain mountain forests of central and western China. Eats shoots and leaves.
A guy walks into r/askhistorians and asks if there was such a thing as New World deniers Everybody knows the answer is Christopher Columbus and can't get the joke approved!
How far can you walk into the forest? Halfway, then you're walking out.
A black man walks into a bar... A black man walks into a bar with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder.  "That is really special," said the bartender. "Where did you get it?"  "Africa," replied the parrot.
A rabbit walks into a brothel in the jungle... the pimpstress fox comes out and greets the rabbit: -Good evening sir,we have whatever your heart desires -Good evening ma'am...I've been to most brothels in the world and i would only appreciate an extreme experience.... -Well yes of course we offer only the best.So on the first floor we have a well travelled racco... The rabbit instantly stops the fox: -A raccoon?Do i even seem like a guy who hasn't tried that?And who thinks its even a pleasant experience with a raccoon? The fox apologises and moves on...-On the second floor we have a persian cat... -Oh god not again its too boring... -Well on the third floor we have an african tiger... -Hmmm that seems interesting but nah i want the most extreme i can get... -Well yes ofc on the 4th floor we have something u have never witnessed...An amazon snake... The rabbit gasp and starts jumping up and down cheering.. -I want the snake,the snake right now... The fox shows him the way... The moment he steps in the snake sees the rabbit and instantly devours him... 45 minutes pass and the fox starts wandering where the client is.Goes to the 4th floor and knocks on the door... -Snake hunny are u in there? -Yes come in... The fox start looking left and right but she cant find the rabbit... -Where is the rabbit? -What rabbit? -The client i sent you.... -WAIT....HE WAS A CLIENT?I thought he was my dinner... -Spit him out quickly... The snake gasps and after a while she spits the rabbit covered in saliva....the rabbit stands up and screams -NOW THATS A PROPER BLOWJOB..     PS:im sorry for any mistakes english is not my native language and tried my best to translate the joke from my language...dont know if its a repost...
[Dad joke] So a man walks into a bar... ...he has had a long hard day and really just wants to drink to relieve some stress.   The bartender asks: "what can I get ya?"  He replies: "just give me the best damn drink you can make!"  So the bartender whips up one of his favorites; a grasshopper.   The man loves the drink and after about three or four decides he is too drunk to drive and walks home.   On the way home he comes across a tall, green insect on the sidewalk.   The drunk man walks up to the grasshopper and says: "Hey! I just had a drink named after you!"  The grasshopper responds: "Wow! You had a drink named Brian?" 
The director of EA walks into a bar Download punchline for only $15 dollars!
Two hobos with a sausage walk into a bar. First one tells the other,   "Let's order a ton of food and drinks. Once we're drunk, I'll whip out this sausage link, and you go under the table and start sucking this thing. When security sees what we're doing, they'll have no choice but to kick us out before we pay."  For the next couple of hours, the hobos drink like never before. And sure enough, when the security guard notices what appears to be a blow job occurring at one of the tables, he kicks the hobos onto the street.  Laughing uncontrollably they hug each other for a successfully accomplished mission.  "Come on, let's go to the next bar and see if we can't play those suckers too."  They proceed to the bar in the next town. They drink, they sing, they laugh... The second one crawls under the table and before long they are ruthlessly kicked out again.  So they proceed to the next bar. And so on and so forth, their gimmick improving with each passing performance.   3 or 4 bars later, the second one complains to the first,   "Hey, great idea, man. But do you think we could switch roles? My back is starting to hurt from having to crawl under the table every time. Here, give me the sausage, and you go under and pretend to blow me this time."  "Sure, I don't mind switching roles. Problem is, security confiscated the sausage back at that first bar."    
Man walks into a psychiatrist's office... ... says "doctor, doctor, you gotta help me, I think I'm Elvis Presley!"  Psych says "The fact that you're bothered by thinking you're Elvis means you're sane, there's no problem. That'll be $200."  Man says "What is this a joke?"
A man walks into a restaurant. and see his ex girlfriend sitting with her new boyfriend. So the man goes and sits at the bar and has a couple of drinks, still fuming over his ex and her new beau. After a while he notice's the new boyfiend getting up to go to the bathroom. So in a half drunken state he thinks to himself, I'll follow him and confront him about her. While in the restroom standing next to the new boyfiend the man loose's his never to speak, but thinks "I wonder if this guys "more gifted than me, maybe thats why she left me?" So he peaks over the stall and see's that the new guy had a tatoo on his "member" that said "Shorty's" so feeling better and having a good laugh he hurried out to his ex's table. He tells her I saw your new boyfiend's tatoo in the restroom and starts to laugh. It's very appropriate. The young woman looks at her ex puzzled and says "what do you Mean?" He replied "it said shorty's". At this the woman laughed and said "you see did'nt all of it." "What do you mean all of it?" the man asked. The woman still laughing said "it say's Welcome to Shorty's bar and grill of Chattanooga Tennessee, have a nice day!"  
A man walks into a bar.. he suffered a mild concussion
A rapist, a businessman and a Russian spy walk into a bar The bartender says: "what may I get for you Mr. President?
A Priest And A Rabbi Walk Into A Bar The priest turns to there rabbi and says "Ow."
A guy walks into a bar He hit himself hard in the head and died
A man walks into a Lada dealership ... and says, "I'd like a hubcap for my Lada," so the dealer says: " that sounds like a fair swap."
Old Joe, the blind fur trader walks into a bar... After sitting down and folding up his blind poking stick he says, "I'll bet anyone here $50 here I can guess what your pelt is and what you killed it with!"  The first taker throws a pelt on his table. Joe feels the fur, tests its texture and smell, feels the wound of the killing blow. Says, "Racoon, killed with a .22." Wins his $50 and buys a round for the house.   A second taker puts a large pelt on the table. Joe feels the fur, tests its texture and smell, feels the wound of the killing blow. Says, "Bear, killed with two 12 Gauge Deer Slugs." Wins his $50 and buys another round for the house.  The third guy wants to have some fun and mess with Joe. So he gets his girlfriend to get on the table spread eagle naked. Joe feels the fur, tests its texture and smell, feels the wound of the killing blow. Thinks about it. Checks again.  Finally says, "Skunk, killed with a hatchet!"  
A man walks into a bar... His alcohol dependency is tearing apart his family.
A Roman walks into a bar.. ...raises two fingers and says "Five beers please".
Irishman walks into a bar And the bartender can clearly see what appears to be a small steering wheel coming out of the Irishman's fly. The bartender is intrigued, and asks:  "Hey, what's with that steering wheel?"  The Irishman replies:  "Aye, it's driving me nuts."
A priest and a rabbi walk into a bar Two minutes later, a nun walks in carrying a pig and a bullwhip. Two minutes later, a pirate walks in with a crocodile on a leash. Two minutes later, Bill Gates walks in with a parrot on his shoulder. Two minutes later, the ghost of Steve Irwin walks in with a Windows laptop. The bartender looks at them all and says, "Is this some sort of joke?"
A rich, young man walks into a bar. He sits down and orders a few drinks. As he is enjoying his beer, he sees a mentally retarded man outside the building.   “Poor Old fool,” thought the well-dressed gentleman as he watched the old man fish in a puddle outside a pub. So he invited the old man inside for a drink. As they sipped their whiskeys, the gentleman thought he’d humor the old man and asked, “So how many have you caught today?”  The old man replied, “You’re the eighth.”
Mickey Mouse walks into a divorce clinic... Lawyer: So, you say you wanted a divorce with Mini Mouse because she's a bit crazy?  Mickey Mouse: No I believe you misheard me, I said she was fucking Goofy.    
A man with a dog walks into a bar... A man with a dog walks into a bar. He tells the bartender that the dog can speak English. The bartender becomes interested and bets $100 that the dog can't talk. The man agrees and asks the dog,"what is on trees?" The dog then exclaimed,"BARK." Then, the man asked the dog,"what do you call the thing on houses?" And the dog responds with,"ROOF." Finally, the man asks the dog,"who is the most famous baseball player of all time?" And the dog said,"RUTH." The bartender then realized what was going on and kicked the man and his dog out of the bar with nobody getting anything. Shortly afterwards the dog said,"Dimaggio?"
Five guys walk into a restaurant. They own the place.
Kylie Jenner walks into the bar wearing jeans from the Gap... That's the joke peasants
A grasshopper walks into a bar... The bartender says "Hey, we have a drink named after you !"  The grasshopper replies "You have a drink named Steve ?"
A bartender walks into a bar goes behind the counter and does 12 hours of serving drinks to indifferent faces. They don't care about his life. He delays going home to his wife by flirting with a waitress, but he knows she's just being nice.   He goes home to a wife who hands him divorce papers, and his son at her side, not looking him in the eyes. He signs. His therapist tells him to try something new.   He goes skydiving, because he always wanted to. He forgets to strap on his parachute properly, but he didn't forget, subconsciously he's glad it ends like this. He hits the top of a very tall tree, and falls down, branch by branch. The branches break his fall.  At the hospital the learns, because of the fall, he'll be quadriplegic for the rest of his life. Not only that but his face was horribly mangled and his jaw bone will be terribly deformed.   The doctor takes the bandages off his face as a nurse walks in. Nurse says "why the long face?"
Guy Walks into a Bar Sits down and order 10 shots of Jack. Barkeep lines them up, and our guy starts knocking them back, one after the other. Bartender asks "Why are you drinking them like that? What's the hurry?" Guy says "No hurry; I'm just celebrating my first blowjob." Barkeep says "Hey, that's great! I'll get you one on the house!" Guy says "No, thanks. If ten shots don't get this taste out of my mouth, one more's not gonna help..."
So one day Stephen Hawking walks into a bar... Lol, Just kidding. 
A Pig Walks Into a Bar A pig walks into a bar, orders 15 beers, and drinks them. The bartender asks, “Would you like to know where the bathroom is?” “No,” says the pig. “I’m the little piggy that goes wee-wee-wee all the way home.”
A Guy walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and says, "Give me a beer before the problems start!" He drinks the beer and then orders another saying, "Give me a beer before the problems start!" The bartender looks confused. This goes on for a while, and after the fifth beer the bartender is totally confused and asks the man "When are you going to pay for these beers?" The man answers, "Now the problems start!"
A guy walks into a bar... and he goes, "ouch, my head, what is this stupid bar doing in the middle of a hallway?"
An Atom walks into a drinking establishment He sits down and orders a drink and then all of a sudden he starts crying. The bartender walks over and asks : "is everything okay?"  To which the Atom replies: " I lost an electron..". "Are you sure you lost it?" the bartender asks concerned. To which the atom replies:" I am fairly positive "  
Three logicians walks into a bar The bartender asks *"Beer for the three of you?"*  The first one says: *"I don't know"*  The second one says *"I don't know"*  The third one says, joyfully *"Yes, please!"*
Man walks into a bar and asks for 6 shots of Jaeger.. Bar tender asks "what's the celebration"?  Man says "had my first blowjob"!   Bartender  "Well here let me buy you a shot too"..  Man replies "Thanks but... If 6 don't get the taste out, doubt the seventh will"!!    
A guy walks into a bar, and sits on the barstool closest to the door. The bartender recognizes him and says, "Hey John." It is around this time that a fairly large man walks out of the restroom, only to see that this "John" guy took the spot he normally sits in. So he walks up to John, karate chops him in the back, says, "That is a karate chop from China," then walks away. About five minutes later, the large man returns, only to find John still sitting in his spot! So he walks up to him, karate chops him in the back again, and says, "That is a karate chop from Sweden," and then he walks away once more. Ten minutes later, the large man returns only to find John still sitting in the spot he normally takes, so he walks up to John once more, karate chops him in the back as hard as he can, and says, "That was a karate chop from Korea." At this, John gets off of the stool (wincing in pain from his back), and storms out of the bar. The large man triumphantly sits down and orders his usual drink, a martini. About thirty minutes later, John returns to the bar. He walks up to the large man and hits him in the back, knocking him unconscious. He then turns to the bartender and says, "When he wakes up, tell him 'that was a crowbar from Sears.'"
So a pregnant woman walks into a diner. A pregnant woman walks into a diner, and the server says:  "Hi there, are ya hungry?"  The fetus replies:  "Nah, I gestate."
The Dalai Lama walks into a Pizza Shop and says "Hello, I'd like for you to make me one with everything"
A gorilla walks into a bar and orders a banana martini Holding out a crisp twenty he says, "Bartender, bring me a banana martini."   The bartender is stunned: in all his years of bartending, he has never seen a gorilla patron. Or heard a talking gorilla. Or mixed a banana martini. Or seen a gorilla who knew how to count money. This gave him an idea.  After mixing the drink, he took the $20 bill and stuck it in the register. Doubting the gorilla's ability to count change, he hands the gorilla back $1, even though he knew full well the drink was only $7.50. The gorilla says nothing.  After a while, the bartender just can't control his curiosity any longer. He approaches the gorilla and says, "You know, I can't help but say... in all my years, I've never so much as seen a gorilla walk into a bar, let alone serve one a drink!"  To which the gorilla replies, "At $19 a drink, I'm surprised you have any customers at all!"  
A horse walks into a bar Bartender: Look everyone, Sarah Jessica Parker!
A family walks into a hotel and the father goes to the front desk... ...and he says "I hope the porn is disabl**e**d." The guy at the desk replies. "It's just a r**e**gular porn you sick fuck."
Two Virginians and an immigrant walk into a room Diametraclly opposed, foes
A rich man walks into a bar. The man is impeccably well dressed.  Perfectly tailored suit, thousand dollar watch, shoes that cost more than most houses, the works.  With him are a dozen gorgeous women, and a little man.  The little man is only about waist-high.    The group goes to order drinks, and the rich man drops an enormous roll of money on the bar, and says he's paying for everyone's drinks.  Everyone in the bar cheers.  The little guy, however, is a complete jerk.  He spends the night tripping waiters, knocking people's drinks over, and laughing a mean little laugh.  Every time he does something, the rich guy pays whoever the little guy was mean to, so no fights break out.  Finally, the bartender has had enough.  He waves over the rich man, and asks him.  "Why are you hanging out with the little guy?  he's a jerk to everyone."  The rich man sighs, and explains.  "Years ago, I found a genie, and I was given three wishes.  The first wish was for all the money I could ever want.  The second wish for to be surrounded by beautiful women all my life."  The bartender is confused.  "Well, what was the third wish?"  "A three foot dick."
A guy walks into a bar with an ostrich... A guy walks into a bar with an ostrich following him. He bellies up to the bar and asks the bartender for a beer. The ostrich says "I'll have the same!"  The bartender is surprised, but he puts two beers on the bar and says "that'll be $8.52". The guy reaches into his pocket and pulls out exactly eight dollars and fifty-two cents, without looking.   The guy and the ostrich finish their beers, and the guy says "Now I'd like a shot of tequila"; the ostrich says "And I'll have the same!" The bartender pours two shots of tequila and says "Ok, that'll be $14.36". Again, the guy reaches into his pocket and puts exactly fourteen dollars and thirty-six cents on the bar, without as much as a glance at it.  Now the bartender is really intrigued, so he asks "OK, how are you doing this, and what's with the talking ostrich?"  The guy says, "You see, I once fished a bottle out of the ocean, and a genie came out of it, and offered me two wishes for setting him loose. For my first wish, I asked that whenever I need to pay for something, I want to be able to reach into my pocket and pull out exactly as much money as I owe."  The bartender says, "That is REALLY clever! Anyone else would have asked for a million or a billion dollars, but you'll never run out of money! And what about the second wish?"  The guy says: "And for my second wish, I asked for a cute long-legged chick that would follow me no matter where I went and agreed with everything I say."
A panda walks into a bar.... A panda walks into a bar and orders a drink. He sees a woman eyeing him from across the bar and he walks over to her. After talking for a little while they go back to her place and have sex. After finishing, the panda leaves. The next morning, she knocks on his door and says, "you owe me money." And the pandas asks why he owes her money. She responds with, "well I'm a prostitute." The panda then walks over to a bookshelf and pulls out a dictionary. He flips to prostitute where it says, "prostitute: has sex for money." After thinking for a little he says, "Ahh. You see I'm a panda, so I don't owe you money." He hands her the dictionary and it says, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves"
A Frog walks into a bank... and approaches the teller. He can see from her nameplate that her name is Patricia Whack.  "*Miss Whack, I'd like to get a $30,000 loan to take a holiday.*"  Patty looks at the frog in disbelief and asks his name. The frog says his name is Kermit Jagger, his dad is Mick Jagger, and that it's OK, he knows the bank manager. Patty explains that he will need to secure the loan with some collateral.  The frog says, "*Sure. I have this,*" and produces a tiny porcelain elephant, about half an inch tall - bright pink and perfectly formed.  Very confused, Patty explains that she'll have to consult with the bank manager and disappears into a back office. She finds the manager and says, "*There's a frog called Kermit Jagger out there who claims to know you and wants to borrow $30,000, and he wants to use this as collateral.*"  She holds up the tiny pink elephant.  "*I mean, what in the world is this?*"  The bank manager looks back at her and says, "*It's a knick-knack, Patty Whack, give the frog a loan. His old man's a Rolling Stone.*"
Harambe the gorilla walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender growls, "I don't serve gorillas here." Harambe threatens, "You'd better or I'm gonna do something terrible." The bartender laughs, "Oh yeah! Like what?!" Harambe points to a lady slumped against the bar and says, "I'm gonna go over there and eat that woman!"  The bartender howls, "Ha! No you're not!"  So Harambe goes over to the woman, grabs her by the ankles, lifts her up and and proceeds to gobble her up.  He wipes his mouth, looks at the bartender and sneers, "What are you gonna do now?"  The bartender smiles, looks him in the eyes and says, "I'm gonna watch you pass out."  Puzzled, Harambe asks, "What!? How's that gonna happen?"  The bartender shouts, "Cause that's a barbiturate!"
A guy walks into a doctors office with a 5 iron wrapped around his neck and two black eyes. “What happened to you?” asked the doctor  “Well it all started when my wife and I were golfing and by accident she hit the ball into a cow field. When she went to investigate, I saw the ball in the cow’s ass. I went and lifted the tail of the cow and that’s when I made my mistake.”  “And what mistake was that?” asked the doctor.   “I said hey this looks like yours hun!”
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and asked the bartender for a pint. While he’s drinking his pint, he here’s a small voice “you’re very handsome”. He looks around for the source of this voice, but sees nobody near him. Another few minutes go past and he hears another small voice, “those jeans look really good on you”. He looks around again but sees nobody, as he’s finishing his drink, he hears a third small voice, “that’s a really nice haircut”. After looking around again, there’s still nobody there. “Barman!”, he calls, “Where do hear voices keep coming from? I’m going mad!” “Ah”, the Barman responds, “That’s the peanuts, they’re complimentary!”
A guy walks Into a bar and says.... And says "Give me a drink, before the trouble starts."  So the bartender gets him a drink. He drinks it and says "another drink, before the trouble starts." And so the Guy pounds that and says "one more, before the trouble starts..."  Bartender asks "when's this trouble gonna start?  Guy says "the trouble let starts when you realize that I dont have any money"  Edit: fixed the formatting a bit and made the spelling better.
Three men walk into a bar. The fourth man ducks.
A guy walks into a bar... his face gets bruised, his phone shatters on the concrete, and the Pokemon gets away.
A priest, a rabbi and a circus juggler walk into a bar The bartender says "what is this, some kind of a joke?"
So this guy walks into a bar.... and says "ouch"
So a guy walks into a bar for a beer Sits down and spots a jar full of 20$ notes , he asks the bartender what it was for and the bartender explains that if anyone does the 3 bar challenges , they would get the jar as a reward . So the man asks what the challenges were and the bartender starts explaining ... 1. You have to go knock out that buff guy at the back in one punch  2. That huge german sheperd has a sore tooth so you must pull it out bare handed  3. You must give that ugly woman her first orgasm  The man says nah il pass mate , he drinks a couple beers and then gets messed up so he goes to the really buff dude . POW one hit ko the buff dude is sent flying into the wall . He then leaves outside to the dog and after a lot of growling and barking the guy comes back in and asks the bartender : " Wheres the woman with a sore tooth ?"
So a man walks into a bar with a crocodile... ... and the bartender tells him that he can't have a crocodile in the bar because it is a safety hazard. The man insisted that the crocodile was tame and said that he could prove it. The man proceeded to whip out his balls and place it in the crocodile's mouth. His let his balls rest in the crocodile's mouth for nearly 10 minutes. After 10 minutes he said, "see I told you it was tame" then turning to the people gathered asked if anyone else would like to try to which a man in the back piped up "sure I'll try, but I don't know if I can hold my mouth open that long." 
Two guys walk into a sandwich shop... The 1st guy says, "I'll take the BLT on sourdough, please."  "One BLT coming right up!" Says the sandwich maker.  The second guy looks at the sandwich maker and says "I'll have a Donald Trump."  Confused, the sandwich maker asks, "A Donald Trump, what's that?"  In which the the second guy replies, "all white bread, a bunch of bologna and a little pickle."
A boy walks into a classroom and says hi to his friends... No one responds, because he has no friends.
A man walks into his optometrist's office... The optometrist says to him, "Sorry Steve, but you have to stop masturbating."   Steve says, "I knew it. I'm going blind aren't I? I overdid it."  The optometrist says, "You're not going blind, Steve, you're just freaking out everyone in the waiting room."
An Israeli walks into a bar... So an Israeli with a kippah walks into a bar and there's this incredibly old German there. The Israelis drinking away troubles because it doesn't believe the Jewish people should have to live with "filthy Arabs." All of a sudden Putin walks in, ordering 5 glasses of vodka. Obviously seeing the wisdom of the German, he talks about his troubles with Ukraine. "Annex" was said with full confidence by the wise German man, so Putin smiled, shook the Israelis hand, and left the bar. A few minutes pass and a Moroccan official walks in, ordering some water. After a few minutes, he unwinds and confides himself to the German. "I just don't know what to do! Those camel f***ers are trying to leave my nation, and Mauritania's trying to screw me out of some land to!" Without hesitation, the German man told him to annex. The Moroccan, trusting in the apparent wisdom of the man, leaves to fix his problems for once. Towards closing time, a half naked Romanian man walked in, claiming to be Prime Minister. Already drunk beyond belief, the Romanian man just came into talk about his issues with Moldova. "It's not that I want to be overly clingy, I just want to know she's alright 24/7" The German, now cleaning around the bar, advised across the room "Annex" The Romanian, clearly delighted by the counsel, thanked the German and left. It now becoming more obvious that the German man's advice is always annex, the Israeli asks "What should we do about our neighbor, Palestine?" The German man contemplates, seemingly focused on the Israeli's Kippah. "How about coming up with a two-state solution?"  
A man walks into an Australian pet store, He asks the bloke behind the counter "where do you keep the kangaroos mate?"   The bloke replies, "outback."
A professional limboer walks into a bar. He was disqualified from the competition.
A chemist walks into a bar... And asks for ammonia. The bartender says "we don't serve ammonia". The chemist asks "why?" And the bartender responds "we aren't amine bar, we are a nice bar."
2 blondes walk into a bar You would think one of them would have seen it.
What does a Hawaiian suicide bomber say when he walks into a building? ALOHA ACKBAR!
A woodworm walks into a restaurant... "Table for two please, I'm feeling peckish."
A guy walks into the bar and looks the bartender in the eye and says "I need 10 shots" The bartender lays them out and the man takes all 10 shots back to back.   In shock the bartender says, "I've never seen anyone drink like that before."  The man replies, "You'd drink like that too if you had what I had."  Sounding concerned, the bartender asks "Oh I'm sorry to hear that, what do you have?"  Man quickly says  "2 bucks" and ran out of the bar. 
Frank Feldman walks into a bar. He win's!
A young man, walks into a bar and has a seat.  From the back of the bar he hears the most annoying, high pitched, women's voice say, " we have a customer asshole, get your ugly ass out there and wait on him."   An old, broken down man, emerges for the back and still he hears,"why did I marry your stupid ass, I could of done better, I could of done better."   The old man says " can I help you?"   The young guy says " I thought my wife was a bitch! I'll have a beer."   The old man says " you don't know the half of it. That's not my wife, she died three years ago. That's the parrot!"
Two gay men walk into a western themed saloon... After a few drinks they start to make out. The sight of this is too much for one of the patrons and he chokes on his pretzel. The two gay men see this, one drops his pants and the other starts eating his ass causing the choking man to vomit his pretzel, saving his life. Overjoyed he's alive the man buys the two guys a beer thankful they knew the hindlick maneuver.  
An man walks into a restaurant.... He looks at the menu and it says:  Cheese rolls - £2 Ham sandwiches - £3 Wanks - £10  He looks across the bar and there's a beautiful waitress with huge tits and he says "do you give the wanks?"   She turns to him with a sly smile she says "yeah I do" and winks   So he says "Right wash your hands then because I want 2 cheese rolls!" 
A doctor, a priest, and a lawyer walk into a bar... The bartender looks up and says, "What is this, a joke?"
An Irishman, a Scotsman, and an Englishman walk into a bar Sitting in a bar the Scotsman says, "As good as this bar is, I still prefer the pubs back home. In Glasgow, there's a wee place. The landlord goes out of his way for the locals. When you buy four drinks, he'll buy the fifth drink."  "Well," said the Englishman, "At my local in London , the barman will buy you your third drink after you buy the first two."  "Ahhh, dat's nothin'," said the Irishman, "back home in my favorite pub, the moment you set foot in the place, they'll buy you a drink, then another, all the drinks you like, actually. Then, when you've had enough drinks, they'll take you upstairs and see that you gets laid, all on the house!"  The Englishman and Scotsman were suspicious of the claims. The Irishman swore every word was true. Then the Englishman asked, "Did this actually happen to you?" "Not to me, personally, no," admitted the Irishman, "but it did happen to me sister quite a few times."
A crusader walks into the bar The bartender ask the crusader: "What will you take?"  Crusader replied: "I will take Jerusalem!"
A group of blondes walk into a bar A group of blondes walk into a bar celebrating and chanting "28 days, 28 days, it only took us 28 days!!"   Everyone was wondering what took them 28 days and why they were celebrating. Finally, when the blondes were about to leave, a bartender goes up and asks "What took you 28 days, why are you celebrating??"   All the blondes say "We just finished a puzzle in 28 days and on the box it said 3-6 years!!!"
A young cowboy walks into the saloon. He sits at the counter and notices an old cowboy with his arms folded, staring blankly at a full bowl of chicken congee.  After fifteen minutes of just sitting there staring at it, the young cowboy bravely asked the old cowboy, "If you ain't gonna eat that, mind if I do?"  The older cowboy slowly turns his head toward the young wrangler and in his best cowboy manner says, "Nah, go ahead."  Eagerly, the young cowboy reaches over and slides the bowl over to his place and starts spooning in it with delight. He gets nearly down to the bottom and notices a dead mouse. The sight was shocking and he immediately barfs up the congee back into the bowl.  The old cowboy quietly says, "Yep, that's as far as I got, too."
An oak tree walks into a bar. Nuts on a woman, barks something inappropriate, and leaves. 
A man walks into a bar and half is head is an orange... A man walks into a bar and half his head is an orange.   The bartender goes "what would you li-HOLY SHIT HALF YOUR HEAD IS AN ORANGE! What happened to you?!"  The man replies "Oh, nothing really. Genie, three wishes, be careful what you wish for. You know how it goes."  The bartender says "As a matter of fact I don't mate. I mean, I've seen some fucked up shit in my years working behind bar, but never in all my life have I seen someone with an orange for half of their head. What on earth did you wish for?"  Then man replies "Well with my first wish, I wished I could make any woman in the world sleep with me." Bartender nods and says "Righto, that seems like a fair enough wish. What was your second one?"  The man replies "With my second wish, I wished for an infinite supply of money." Again, the bartender nods and says "That seems reasonable. But what about your third wish? How did you end up turning half your head into an orange?".  The man replies "Oh. It's kinda stupid. I don't really wanna talk about it." But the bartender is too curious to let up and insists "No come on, tell me! What was your third wish?!"  The man takes a deep breath, collects himself and replies  "I wished that half of my head was an orange."
An elderly man walks into a confessional. Man: “I am 92 years old, had a wonderful wife of 70 years who recently passed away, many children, grandchildren and great grandchildren. Yesterday, I picked up two hitch-hiking college girls. We went to a motel where I had sex with each of them three times.”  Priest: “Are you sorry for your sins?”  Man: “What sins?”  Priest: “What kind of a Catholic are you?”  Man: “I'm Jewish.”  Priest: “Why are you telling me all this?”  Man: “I'm 92 years old…I'm telling everybody!”
Hard to title: a man walks into a bar A man walks into a dive. On the edge of the bar, he sees a man maybe a foot tall playing a small piano. He is impressed and orders a beer from the bartender. Upon receiving the drink, he asks the bartender, "Hey, where did you find this guy?"  "Oh, as it turns out, someone couldn't pay their tab and I ended up with this magic lamp."  Skeptically, the man said, "Magic lamp? You're joking, right?"  "No, seriously. You rub it and ask for a wish. You wanna try it?"  "Sure." He rubs the lamp and says, "I wish for a million bucks."  The bartender smirks and the doors to the bar fly open by the force of a million ducks rushing into the bar. The man says, "I said a million bucks, not a million ducks!"  "And you think I asked for a twelve inch pianist?"
Three kittens walk into a bar The bar is busy, and the bartender is frantic to keep up. The first says "Prrr". "Ok, hang on, I'll see if I can get you a prrr." The second says "meow!" "Not meow, I have things to do! Give me a second!"   The third says "rowr rowr rowr rowr!"  The bartender says, "Oh, you must be the band."
An Irish man, a British man and an American man walk into a bar They all order a drink. A fly drops into each of their drinks. The British man asks for another one. The American asks for another drink too. The Irish man picks up the fly and starts screaming at it; "Spit it out!"
A panda walks into a bar, eats a sandwich, then shoots the bartender with a gun and walks out On his way out someone asked him: "is that because you eat shoots and leafs?" The panda said: "I hate that joke. I did it because I'm a fucking serial killer"
An American, a Korean, a Chinese, and a Russian walk into a bar... ...they settled into their seats and when they had loosened up after a few drinks they decided to extol the virtues of their homelands.  "American industry is so superb," said the American.  "A sports team can decide to move to a different city, and within a year and a half we can build a state of the art stadium, waiting to be moved into!"  "Impressive," said the Korean, "But we are no slouches ourselves. Our auto factories can receive orders from dealerships all over the world, and within two months we will have container ships full of excellent and affordable automobiles on their way!"  "That's wonderful," said the Chinese, "But consider this: Several different smartphone manufacturers can send us huge orders for millions of phone parts to fit multiple specifications, and within ten days they are fabricated and ready to go!"  "Ha!" said the Russian. "I've got you all beat!  At 7:30am on a Monday, five busloads of workers can arrive on the construction site of a brand new brewery, and by 11:00am everyone is drunk!"
A repost walks into a bar A repost walks into a bar
A skeleton walks into a bar... He says to the bartender "Gimme a beer and mop"
Descartes walks into a bar Descartes walks up to the counter   "I shall have a beer." Descartes proclaims  The barkeeper gives him a big mug of beer  "Another one." Descartes says  The barkeeper gets another mug of beer for him  "I'll have another one, please."   The barkeeper fills up another mug  After 3 more drinks, the barkeeper asks  "Are you an alcoholic? You've had quite a few."  Descartes responds, "I drink, therefore I am."
An elderly Asian lady on holiday in America walks into a bank... She goes up to the counter and asks to convert 1000 yuan to USD and receives her money. Happy with the exchange rate, she goes out and continues to enjoy her holiday.  The next time the elderly lady requires money she goes to the same bank, handing over another 1000 yuan to the teller. The teller excuses himself and goes to collect the money for the elderly lady. When the teller returns and hands the money to the lady, she notices that there is a sizeable difference between the amount she received this time compared to the last.  Voicing her concern, the lady asks, "How come I received less money in US dollars compared to last time, even when I gave the same 1000 yuan?"   The teller, showing obvious signs of boredom, answers, "Fluctuations ma'am"  The elderly lady looks horrified, staring at the man in disbelief before picking up the money and yelling "Well fuck you white people too!"
Man walks into a bar... A man walk into a bar and sees Loretta, a forty-something waitress smoking behind the bar. On the bar is a sign that reads, "Cheese sandwiches: $5.00. Hand jobs: $10.00." Man says to Loretta, "Here's ten dollars. Go wash your hands and make me two cheese sandwiches."
A chicken walks into a bar and clucks at the bartender. The bartender says, "No fowl language allowed"
A man walks into a bar *Bonk*
A gymnast walks into a bar. She is promptly deducted five points
A famous boxer walks into a bar Hoping to settle in for a quiet drink, he was not at all surprised to be recognized. Still, this was not his first go around and he knew just how to take care of it.  "Okay everyone tell ya what. What if I gave you each a good hit? Nothing hard or nothing, just something so that you can say I did it"  He knew that after this everyone would settle down, having had their fun. He did sternly ask them all to stand shoulder to shoulder while waiting for him.  "Alright I'm going to go get my glove out of the car, but damnit everyone better be lined up and ready to go when I get back in here."  The  boxer soon returned to the bar, glove in hand, and saw the entire group excitedly milling about.   Wordlessly, he turned around and walked out in disgust.  &amp;nbsp;  &amp;nbsp;   &amp;nbsp;  That's it, that's the joke. Sorry, there was no punchline.
A man walks into a bar and says ow
A man walks into a bank. A man walks into a bank, and up to the teller.  "Can I help you, sir?"  "Yeah, I wanna open a fucking checking account."  "Sir, you don’t need to use that kind of language."  "I just wanna open a fucking checking account!"  "Sir, please stop that, or I will get my manager."  "I said, I wanna open a fucking checking account!"  "That’s it, I’m bringing my manager to talk to you."  She walks into his office, and comes back out a minute later with the manager. He walks up to the man at the counter.  "Now what’s the problem here?"  "Look, I just won 10 million dollars in the lottery, and I want to open a fucking checking account."  "I see, and this bitch is giving you trouble?"
An infinite amount of Mathematicians walk into a bar... Then they all die due to infinite mass in finite space. 
Three guys walk into a bar And sit down at the counter.  The first guy buys the first round, 3 pints of larger and they drink them down quickly.  The second guy buys the second round, same again, and down the hatch they go.  The third guy orders himself a shot of vodka and puts it straight on his head.  The other two look at him strangely.  The third guy says, "don't worry lads, this ones on me"
Two clits walk into a bar... One says, "you stupid twat!" The other replies, "please don't insult me, I'm a bit sensitive."
A priest, a pedophile, and a rapist walk into a bar He orders a drink.
David Copperfield and Criss Angel walk into a bakery... Using his masterful sleight of hand technique, Criss Angel immediately steals three pastries and puts them in his pocket, without anyone noticing, except David Copperfield.  He says to the David, "See how good I am? The owner didn't see a thing." David Copperfield replies, "That's typical of you Criss, first you steal tricks, now you steal cakes. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result."  He goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick."  Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. David Copperfield swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then he swallows that one and asks for a third pastry and eats that, too.  The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "So what did you do with the pastries?"  Pointing at Criss Angel, David Copperfield replies, "Look in that guy's back pocket....."
A Man Walks Into A Bar... And Says "Aw"
a sort algorithm walks into a bar he orders anything
So a depressed horse walks into a bar.. Bartender says, "Why the long face?"
A bar walks into a guy... This'll be messy
So a guy walks into a bathroom and sees another guy with no arms staring sadly at the urinal. He feels bad for the guy, but doesn't want to get involved, so he just does his business and tries to get outta there as fast as possible. As he's washing his hands he sees the other guy walk up behind him in the mirror. 'Fuck,' the guy thinks, 'where is this going?' "Excuse me," the amputee says, "as you can see I'm having some trouble. Would you mind terribly helping me out?" Not wanting to feel guilty for the rest of his life, guy #1 agrees to help. He couldn't just let the guy piss himself, could he? "What do you need me to do?" "I just need you to unzip me, aim it for me, then zip me back up." 'Alright, we'll just get this over with, wash hands, and move on with our life' When he pulls the guy's junk out, he notices the guys dick is not healthy. Clumps of hair stuck in gangrenous sores, puss oozing everywhere- The most disgusting thing he has ever seen... or smelled. He fights the urge to gag, muscles through, and zips the guy up. As he's washing his hands, trying to get the image of the nastiest penis on Earth out of his head, the armless man walks up to him, thanking him for his help. "No worries, man, but I have to ask: What was that all over your dick?" The guy pulls his arms out of his shirt and says "I don't know, but I'm not touching it."
A Roman walks into a bar... He says to the bartender "I'll have a martinus."  The bartender looks at him funny and asks "You mean martini?"  The Roman says "No. If I wanted a double I would have asked for it."
A man walks into a psychologist's office. He's wrapped from head to toe in cellophane, but otherwise completely naked.    He asks, "what's wrong with me, Doctor?  The doctor responds, "Well, I can clearly see your nuts." 
A man walks into a bar He says to the barman "five double vodkas, please."  The barman pours the drinks and the man drinks them straight down, one, two, three, four and five. The barman says "wow, bad day?"  The man replied "The worst. Can I get five more please?"  The barman pours another five and the man drinks the straight down. The barman says "What makes a day so bad that needs ten double vodkas to sort out?"  The man says "Well, I came home from work and found my best friend in bed with my wife. I'm devastated".   The barman says "Wow, I can't imagine how that would feel, here's another five on the house if you want them. What did you say to your wife?"  The man says "I told her I never want to see her again, I can't stand the sight of her and I told her I wanted her moved out of the house by the time I get back from the bar. I'm divorcing her and never ever speaking to her again."  "Oh mate" the barman says, "I'm so, so sorry, I really hope you're OK. But what did you say to your friend?"  The man says "I say him down, looked him in the eye and said 'bad dog'."
A man walks into a bar and sees a sign... [NSFW] It reads: Toasted Sandwiches- $2, Handjobs- $5.  He approaches the bar and sees a stunning large breasted, tight waisted blonde goddess serving.  He asks her, "Are you the one who gives the handjobs?"  She leans towards him, resting her breasts on the bar and says, "Why, yes I am." With a wink.  To which he replies: "Well go and wash your fucking hands before you make my sandwich!"
A bear walks into a bar "A bear walks into a bar and says, "Bartender, I'd like a gin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and tonic." And the bartender says, "Sure, but what's with the big pause?"
A guy walks into a gun store A guy walks into a gun store and takes one bullet out of a box and brings it up to the register and asks "how much for one bullet?". The guy at the register says "if you're doing what I think you're gonna do it's free of charge". The man doesn't say anything takes the bullet and leaves. One of the store assistants who watched the whole thing asks the guy at the register "wasn't that your son". The guy says "yeah and hopefully he doesn't f**k this up like he has everything else".
A panda walks into a café. He orders a sandwich, eats it, then draws a gun and proceeds to fire it at the other patrons.  "Why?" asks the confused, surviving waiter amidst the carnage, as the panda makes towards the exit. The panda produces a badly punctuated wildlife manual and tosses it over his shoulder.  "Well, I'm a panda," he says. "Look it up."  The waiter turns to the relevant entry in the manual and, sure enough, finds an explanation. "Panda. Large black-and-white bear-like mammal, native to China. Eats shoots and leaves."
3 vampires walk into a bar... A vampire walks into a bar and orders a shot of hot blood. 15 minutes later, a second vampire walks in and does the same. Not soon after, a third vampire walks in and orders a hot cup of water. "Why the cup of water?" the other two asked. He then pulled out a used tampon and said, "I'm making tea."
A cowboy with a gun drawn walks into a bar and demands to know who painted his horse pink.... This massive guy stands up and says 'I did and what are you going to do about it?   Cowboy quickly thinks for a moment and nervously says  ' thanks for that. Great news, the first coat of paint is dry.'
Einstein walks into a bar The bartender says "Run, everyone! It's a zombie!"
A woman walks into a bar and he sees a man sitting by the bar, drinking his beer.  The woman observes the man as he drinks his beer, and when he gets up to leave, the woman approaches him.  Woman: "Do you come here regularly?"  Man: "Yes."  Woman: "And how many times do you come here per week?"  Man: "Every day."  Woman: "And how many beers do you drink every time you come here?"  Man: "About 3."  Woman: "How long have you been coming here for?"  Man: "About 5 years."  Woman: "So you've come here every day of the year, which is 365 days, times 5 years, so 1825 days. You drink 3 beers every day, which is 5475 beers in the last 1825 days. And each beer is 15$, so that's 82125$. If you didn't drink beer for the last 5 years, you could have bought a Ferrari by now!"  Man: "Do you drink beer?"  Woman: "No."  Man: "Then where's your Ferrari?"
a bartender walks into a bar tender walks into a bar
3 old guys walk into a bar... They take their places at the bar and order three beers, it was then they noticed the huge guy further down the bar standing at least 6'5 tall with arms like tree trunks, his most notable feature however was his lack of ears, no trace of any cartilage at all just holes on his head. As the barman pours their beers he leans forward and whispers "Don't stare it him or he'll come over here and thump you". With that they quickly look away but soon enough curiosity got the better of them, the first guy sneaks a peek but gets caught, the big guy storms over and gets right up in the old guys face and says "What are you looking at gramps?" He says "Err... your teeth! Lovely teeth you have there, you should look after those teeth or you'll end up with denchers like me!" And proceeds to remove his false teeth. With that the big guy grunts and storms back to his drink. Five minutes pass and another old guy gets caught looking, back comes the earless menace this time grabbing him by the shirt and again asks what he's looking at. "Y-Your hair!" The old guy stammers, "That's some might fine hair you have there!, you should look after that hair or you'll end up bald like me!" And with that the old guy lifts off his cap to show his hairless noggin, the big guy paused for a moment and tilted  his head slightly before letting him go and walking off again. Sure enough before long the third guy gets busted glancing sideways and the big brute comes charging back over and grabs him, this time lifting him off the ground, buy this point he's really angry and simply growls "WELL?" Thinking quickly, old guy three says "Uh, Just admiring your eyes sir! those are some lovely eyes you have there, you best look after those eyes or you'll end up with glasses like me! And you haven't got any ears to sit them on"
A man walks into a bar .. A man walks into a bar and says to the bar keeper "Give me 3 horses"  The bar keeper puzzled, asks him again for what he wanted.  The man again replies "Give me 3 horses"  The bar keeper goes over and pours the man a large whiskey and hands it over.  A man sitting next to them asks the man, "Is that what its called?"  The bar keeper says "Nah.. I figured he was too drunk and was just asking for more alchohol!"
A mushroom walks into a bar... Sits down next to a hot chick trying to strike up a conversation. The woman is disgusted and tells the mushroom to go away. The mushroom says, "Oh come on, I'm a fun guy!"
3 surgeons walk into a pub... ...The first claims to be the best surgeon of Texas: "the world's best piano player lost 7 fingers in an accident. I sewed them back on and yesterday, he played a private concert for the queen of England."  The second one answeres: "That's nothing. A young man lost both arms and both legs in an accident and I sewed them back on. 2 years later, he won a gold medal at the olympic games."   The third physician, who had been silent to this point says: "Amateurs! A couple of years ago, a young businessman overdosed on coke. He rode his horse in front of a train, tried to stop the train and was ripped into pieces. The only thing left was the man's butt and the horses forelock. I patched him up and two weeks ago, this man was sworn in as President of the United States.
A guy walks into a bar with an ostrich... He sits down at a table and orders a meal for him and his bird. After the meal, and the check was delivered, the waitress noticed the man pulled out his wallet and dumped the exact amount of the bill onto the table plus a generous whole number tip. She was surprised but grateful so didn't mention anything. When him and his bird came in again the next night, he ordered a different meal for him and the ostrich, some drinks and a dessert to share. After the check was delivered the gentleman pulled out his wallet and dumped the exact amount of money to cover the bill and still leave a generous whole number tip. Bewildered, but not wanting to be rude, the waitress again said nothing. The third night the man came in with his ostrich once more, ordered an appetizer, some more drinks, and two more entrees different than before. The waitress brought over the check again and watched closely as the man pulled open his wallet and dumped the contents out, which as expected before, was the perfect amount. "How do you do it??" She asked, curiosity getting the best of her. "Well if you believe me, I once was trapped in the desert close to death when I stumbled upon a magic lamp. The genie inside granted me 3 wishes! My 1st wish was to get out the desert so I'd live. The 2nd was to have a wallet that would always have the exact amount of money that I need..." The waitress interrupted excitedly: "And your 3rd wish was for a magic ostrich?!" The man laughed, "No my dear, it was for a chick with long legs!"
Argon walks into a bar. The bartender says "we don't serve noble gases here."  Argon doesn't react.
A woman walks into a voodoo market... She walks up to an old man selling cursed items where she proceeds to say "I would like to buy a magic mirror for my cheating boyfriend so he can break it and have 7 years of bad luck." The old man reaches into his drawer and pulls out a condom. He says "if he's cheating, then 7 years isn't enough. If he breaks this, he will get 18."
Man walks into taxidermist. Asks a deer "you want a bite of my sandwich?" Deer replies "No thanks I'm STUFFED!"
Walks into a room - A doctor walks into a patient's room ...and decides to update the chart. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a thermometer and says "Great! What asshole has my pen?"
A duck walks into a bar... Duck: "Got any bread?"  Barman: "No."  Duck: "Got any bread?"  Barman: "No..."  Duck: "Got any bread?"  Barman: "No, we don't..."  Duck: "Got any bread?"  Barman: "**No**, we haven't got any fucking bread!"  Duck: "Got any bread?"  Barman: "If you ask me again, I'll nail your fucking beak to the bar!"  Duck: "Got any nails?"  Barman: "No..."  Duck: "Got any bread?"
A man walks into a bar. (x-post r/antiantijokes) "Ow." said the man.  It was a metal bar.  His ears were more accustomed to R&amp;B.
A Reddit user walks into a bar... Ow.
A Scottish bouncer walks into his local pub... ...and the bartender says:  "We could have used you in here last night, we had that Spanish actor from that Coen brothers film in, smashing the place up."    "Oh, Javier Bardem?"  "No. We just kicked him out."
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and sees these fat ladies. He asks where they're from, and they say wales...
Two Chemists Walk Into a Bar They sit at a table and the first says to the waiter, "I'll have some h2o." The second chemist puts his face in his hands to hide his embarrassment, "I'll-- I'll have the same," he sputters between his fingers while the first chemist laughs riotously at his own absurdity. The waiter is slightly bashful at this irreverent display, but smiles despite himself.
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and orders a Jack and coke. The bartender hands him an apple. The man is clearly confused, "take a bite" says the bartender. The man takes a bite, "tastes like Jack!" He says. "Now turn it around." Replies the bartender. "Tastes like coke!" He says. Another man walks in, and orders a gin and tonic. The bartender hands the second man an apple and tells him to take a bite. "Tastes like gin!" Says the second  man. The bartender tells him, "Turn it around." "Tastes like tonic!"   A third man walks in, the first two are going crazy over these apples. "This bartender can make an apple taste like anything!" They tell him. "Anything?" Questions the third man. "Give me an apple that tastes like pussy!" The bartender hands him an apple and the man takes a bite. "What the hell!? This tastes like shit!"   "Turn it around." 
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The first orders a beer... The second orders half a beer... The third orders one quarter of a beer... The fourth orders one eighth of a beer...  The bartender tells them to go fuck themselves. 
A white horse walks into a bar... "What can I get you" asks the barman..  "I'd like a whiskey" replies the horse  "Funnily enough, we have a whiskey named after you" says the barman  "What, Fred?" replies the horse  taaa-daaa
Shakespeare walks into a pub in Ye Olde England The barman looks and shouts "Oi! Get out Shakespeare! You're bard!"
Harambe walks into a bar... LOL JK HARAMBE IS DEAD
A Horse walks into a bar... There is a ghost serving behind the bar. "Oh" said the horse; "I thought that I was the only implausible part of this joke." "Well no I'm afraid you're not" replied the ghost; "though I do respect your ability to recognise yourself as being a fictional character in a joke." The horse thought about that for a moment. "It's not a very good joke though is it?" "I feel like it's bad form to criticise the joke within the joke itself." Said the ghost; "I think it's quite clever in a post-modern self-referential kind of way." "I don't think so." Said the horse. "I think it's shit." He then left the bar and immediately  hanged himself from the nearest lamp-post. The Ghost drifted outside to have a look. "Oh dear" he said to himself, "This is a depressing turn of events. I suppose this was always really a tragedy only ever masquerading as a comedy. The usual forms of story-telling are really being messed with today."  The ghost then began to furiously masturbate while staring directly at the horse's bloated corpse in the vain hope that it would provide some kind of serviceable punch-line. 
A Chinese guy walks into a bar with a black bar tender The chinese guy sits down and says "hey niger get me a jigger." The bar tender pissed says "How about you stand behind the bar and i'll walk in and see how you feel." The chinese guy agrees. So the black guy walks outside then back in and says "Hey chink i'll have a drink." The chinese guy replied "Sorry we don't serve black people here."
A robot walks into a bar, orders a drink, and lays down some cash. The bartender says, "we don't serve robots." The robot replies, "oh, but some day you will."
Man walks into a bar and orders three shots of whiskey. Man walks into a bar and orders three separate shots of whiskey. He solemnly drinks each one. The bartender asks why he needs the three separate shots, and why all at once.   "Well, this one's for me brother in Dublin. This one's for me brother in New York. And this one's for me. Seein' as how we can't be in the same bar, we figure if all three of us do this once a month, well--it's almost like we're drinkin' together."   A month goes by, and the guy comes back in, orders three shots, drinks all three. And again each month, for years. When asked to explain, he always says the same thing: "Well, this one's for me brother in Dublin. This one's for me brother in New York. And this one's for me."   Until one month when the guy comes in and orders only two shots. Drinks them solemn as you please. The concerned bartender asks: "Excuse me, but--did something happen to one of your brothers?"   "No--this one's for me brother in Dublin. And this one's for me brother in New York. I quit drinkin'."  
A blind man walks into a bar. And fell down.
A rabbit walks into a men's clothing store... And the clerk says,"May I help you, sir?" "Yes", says the rabbit. "I'd like a BLT with some coleslaw please." "I'm sorry sir", says the clerk," but we don't have that here." "Oh, ok.", says the slightly deflated rabbit. "I guess I'll have a house salad." "Sir," replies the slightly annoyed clerk," we don't have that. Is there something else I can help you with?" "Well," says the rabbit," in that case I'll just have a bowl of tomato soup." The clerk is now incensed. "Sir, we don't have food!  The sign outside clearly says 'men's clothing store'! Can't you read?" "Listen, buddy", says the rabbit,"if I could read, I would have asked you for a menu!"
Two men walk into a bar The first one says  "I want to buy a beer for everyone in here" The second man says "I want to buy a beer for everyone who has bought a beer for everyone in here" The bartender says "You're so derivative"
A cowboy walks into a bar A cowboy, who just moved to Wyoming from Texas , walks into a bar and orders three mugs of Bud. He sits in the back of the room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn. When he finishes them, he comes back to the bar and orders three more.   The bartender approaches and tells the cowboy, "You know, a mug goes flat after I draw it. It would taste better if you bought one at a time."   The cowboy replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in Arizona , the other is in Colorado . When we all left our home in Texas , we promised that we'd drink this way to remember the days when we drank together. So I'm drinking one beer for each of my brothers and one for myself."   The bartender admits that this is a nice custom, and leaves it there.   The cowboy becomes a regular in the bar, and always drinks the same way. He orders three mugs and drinks them in turn.   One day, he comes in and only orders two mugs. All the regulars take notice and fall silent. When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bartender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my condolences on your loss."   The cowboy looks quite puzzled for a moment, then a light dawns in his eyes and he laughs.   "Oh, no, everybody's just fine," he explains, "It's just that my wife and I joined the Baptist Church and I had to quit drinking. Hasn't affected my brothers though." 
Two dinosaurs walk into a bar.. I couldn't believe it.  (Got this from a comedy show)
Three guys walk into a bar... You think the third guy would have learned to duck.
A man walks into a bar... His alcohol dependency is tearing his family apart.
A guy walks into a bar and sits down. Bartender asks: "What can I get you?"  Guy says: "Jack and coke"  Bartender nods, goes under the bar, gets up, and puts an apple on the bar. The guy says, "I ordered a Jack and coke, what the hell is this." Bartender says "Just try it." The guy takes a bite and says to the bartender: "Holy shit this tastes just like Jack Daniels!" The bartender says "Turn it around." Guy turns the apple around, takes another bite and says "Holy shit this tastes just like coke!"  Another guy comes into the bar, sits near the first guy.   Bartender asks: "What can I get you?"   Guy says: "Vodka tonic."  Bartender nods, goes under the bar, pulls out an apple, and places it on the bar. The guy says "What the hell is this?" Bartender says, "Just try it." The guys does and exclaims "This tastes just like tonic!" The bartender says "Turn it around." The guy does and says "Wow! This tastes like vodka!"  A third guy walks into the bar and sits down. The other two guys say: "This bartender has magic apples that taste like whatever you want! Seriously order ANYTHING and he'll give you an apple that tastes like it!"  The guy says to the bartender: "Okay then, I want an apple that tastes like pussy."  The bartender nods, goes under the bar, takes out an apple, and places an apple on the bar. The guy picks it up, takes a bite and immediately spits it out.  The guys says: "This is disgusting! This tastes like ass!!"  The bartender says: "Turn it around."
A panda walks into a bar, sits down, and orders a sandwich He eats, pulls out a gun, and shoots the waiter dead. As the panda stands up to go, the bartender shouts, "Hey! Where are you going? You just shot my waiter and you didn't pay for the food!" The panda yells back, "Hey man, I'm a panda. Look it up!" The bartender opens his dictionary to panda, "A tree climbing mammal of Asian origin, characterized by distinct black and white coloring. Eats, shoots, and leaves."   Moral of the story? Watch where you put your commas.
A man walks into a bar to see a bunch of meat hanging from the ceiling The man questions the bartender about the meat, and he says if you can jump and slap a piece of meat, then you get a free drink, but if you miss, you have to buy drinks for the entire bar.   The man says “no thanks, the steaks are too high”
Two men walk into a bar on r/Jokes The first guy says to the bartender: "I'll have some H20 please."  Without giving the bartender time to respond, the second man says: "I'll have H2O2 please."  To which the bartender replied: "Can you guys fuck off? This is the millionth time I heard this one."
A man and his pet greyhound walk into a bar While he’s sipping on his drink he notices a man with his pet turtle. Now this turtle did not look healthy,  it had a large crack down its shell and bandages all over it. So, asked the bartender, “What’s up with that turtle”   the bartender answered,  “That’s the fastest turtle in the world” The man was very confused so he decided to talk to the guy with the turtle “Excuse me sir” he said, “what’s up with your turtle”  The man answered with the same thing “He’s the fastest turtle in the world” He continued, “In fact, I bet you $100 my turtle could beat you’re greyhound in a race” “You’re on the man replied”  They walked an open area at the bar and started the race  “3, 2, 1 , Go!   The greyhound started running as fast as he could. The man with the turtle picked up his pet and threw it across the bar.
A group of proud warriors walk into a bar shortly after a victory in battle. One warrior began to boast of his skills,   " ... and I took my sword to one hundred men's necks "   There was an applause and awe set in at the bar. Another warrior from the battle came fourth and started,   "This battle, I crushed the spines of 200 men!!!"  Again the crowd erupted in applause, as these fearsome men shared their tales of victory.  A man, who had been in many battles in his youth, came out from the dumbfounded crowd and said,  " Well, once I took my sword to a man's leg!   The warrior replied,   " Fool! You would have done better to cut off the head !"  The old man responded,   " That would have been impossible. Someone had already done that "
john wick walks into a bar Two red necks immediately get on his case,he turns to the barkeep and say's, can I borrow your pencil?
A blind man walks into a bar... and a chair and a table
Blind guy walks into a supermarket... Starts swinging his dog around his head.   Shop keeper says: "What're you doing?"   Blind guy says "just having a look around"   Credit: Billy Connolly  
Two eggs, a sausage, and a pancake walk into a bar.  The bartender says,  “Sorry, we don’t serve breakfast here.”
Two nice guys tried to walk into the bar at the same time. The first nice guy held the door open for the second nice guy and said "after you". The second nice guy insisted the first nice guy would go first; "No, after you, sir".  This goes on for eternity. 
Guy walks into a bar. A guy walks into a bar and reads the menu.  Cheeseburger............................... $5.00  Chicken sandwich........................ $5.50  Handjob.......................................... $10.00  He checks his wallet and beckons to the sexy bartender.  "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" he asks.  "Yes," she purrs. "I am."  "Well, wash your frickin' hands," says the man. "I don't want STDs!"
Charles Dickens walks into a bar He orders a martini.  The bartender asks, "Olive or twist?"
A horse walks into a bar....... Bartender: "Why the long face?"           Horse: "My alcoholism is destroying my family and my wife wants a divorce."
Ray Charles walks into a bar "Ouch!" he exclaims, before moving to the side and continuing his journey.
Platinum and Gold walk into a building. All the members inside rise and the guy in front says "welcome President and secretary".  It was the local bar association building. 
A baby seal walks into a club... A baby seal walks into a club.  He looks up at the hunter and yells at him "That was mean!"  The seal grabs the club, tosses it into the ocean, then dives in and swims away.      The hunter stares at the ocean, shocked.  "Wow, that was one smart seal."      The polar bear behind him grins at the hunter.  "Wait until you see the one I just ate."
The president of Valve walks into a bar with 2 colleagues. The waitress approaches their table and the president orders drinks for them.  "We'll need 2 beers and 1 beer please."  The waitress looks confused.  "So you need 3 beers?"  The president is also confused. "What the hell is 3?"
Helen Keller walks into a bar Then into a chair  Then into a table
A bloke walks into a bar with his gorilla and the barman asks "What drink can I get you?" "Just ice for Harambe"
A brazilian, uruguayan and argentinian walk into the bar... ...celona team.  GOAAAAAAAAL ! GOAAAAAAAAL ! GOAAAAAAAAL !
An alcoholic walks into a bar every day... His entire life is a joke.
Reaper walks into the Heroes room... ...And sees D.Va, Reinhardt, Zarya and Mei playing a game.  However, Mei is taking a long time to decide.  "Hurry up and roll the dice"  "Die. *Die.* *DIE*!
A grammatically challenged bear walks into a bar. The bartender asks: "Why the long face?" The bear breaks down: "Well my wife left me and my car got repossessed and I don't know what to do-" Noticing the run-on sentence, the bartender asked: "Why the long clause?" The bear responded: "I don't know, I was born with them."
A man walks into a bar... and bets the bartender $100 that he could stand on his counter and pee in a cup without getting one drop on the counter. The bartender accepts the bet, and puts a cup on the counter. Then, the man stands up, starts laughing, whips out his dick, and starts peeing all over the counter. The bartender cracks up, and asks the man why he's laughing. He just lost $100! The man says, "see that guy over there? I bet him $500 that I could pee on your counter and you would laugh about it."  A teacher told me this joke when I was 11. Just thought I'd share it.
A twelve year old boy walks into a whorehouse A twelve year old boy walks into a whore house. He goes up to the head mistress  Boy: Do you have any girls here with Syphilis?  Mistress: Why yes young man we do. (Chuckling)  The boy pulls out his life savings, $100 dollars in wadded up $1's and $5's.  Boy: Okay, here is $100. I want to have sex with one of those girls.  Mistress: Boy, you know you'll get syphilis if you do. Why would you want that?  Boy: Well, if i have sex with her, then I'll get syphilis. I'll go home and have sex with the babysitter, then she'll get syphilis. My dad will drive her home, have sex with her and he'll get syphilis. My dad will come home have sex with my mom and my she'll get syphilis. The mailman will come by and have sex with my mom and he'll get syphilis. AND THAT'S THE MOTHERFUCKER THAT RAN OVER MY BIKE!
A man walks into a bar and says "OW!" 
Helen Keller walks into a bar And then into a table, and then a chair, and then a door.
A man walks into a bar. He buys a beer, drinks it and walks out again.  If you're looking for the joke, look in a mirror because it's on you.
An eleven year old walks into a bar... Just kidding, he doesn't, of course he's underage.
A guy walks into a sperm donor bank wearing a ski mask and holding a gun. He goes up to the nurse and demands her to open the sperm bank vault. She says "But sir, its just a sperm bank!", "I don't care, open it now!!!" he replies. So she opens the door to the vault and inside are all the sperm samples. The guy says "Take one of those sperm samples and drink it!", she looks at him "BUT, they are sperm samples???" , "DO IT!". So the nurse sucks it back. "That one there, drink that one as well.", so the nurse drinks that one as well. Finally after 4 samples the man takes off his ski mask and says, "See honey - its not that hard."
So a guy walks into a bookstore... And he walks up to the counter, abd says "Excuse me, do you having any books on making friends you fucking asshole?"
A man walks into a bar He is an alcoholic and is ruining his family.
A Roman walks into a bar and asks for a martinus. You mean a martini? the bartender asks.  The Roman replies, if I wanted a double, I would have asked for it. 
A limbo contestant walks into a bar He is immediately disqualified 
A man walks into a bar... He drinks 3 martinis with all his energys, the bartender says  -what are you celebrating?  -my first blowjob  -let me buy you a drink  -no thanks if the taste doesn't go with 3 martinis nothing can eliminate it 
So, an E- flat, a G- flat, and a B- flat walk into a bar. The bartender says, "I'm sorry, we don't serve minors."  Oh wait. I should be careful with these puns. I could get in treble.﻿
Three Vampires walk into a bar The bartender comes over and ask them what they want to drink  1st Vampire: Give me a shot of blood 2nd Vampire: I want a double shot of blood  3rd Vampire: I'll have a cup of hot water  So the bartender goes and gets the drinks and comes back. He hands them the drinks, but looks kind of confused.  The bartender asked the 3rd vampire why didn't you order any blood, the vampire pulls out a tampon and replies "I'm making tea".
René Descartes walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Would you care for a drink?" Descartes replies, "Hmm, I think not." René Descartes does not exist.
Two guys walk into a bar You think the second one would be smart enough to duck
A Neo-Nazi walks into a cafe... He walks up to the counter and asks for a coffee  "How do you like your coffee sir, black or white?" Says the server   "Could I have it white with no milk please" Replies the Neo-Nazi  "Isn't that a black coffee?" Inquires the server   ...  The Neo-Nazi replies  ...  "I don't like blacks" 
A man walks into a bar And sees a small man playing a beautiful melody on a piano. "So what happened here?" the man asks. "Rub this lamp and a genie will come out." So the man walks out and rubs the lamp and a genie pops out. "Thanks for releasing me, you may have one wish." The man thinks for a minute, "I'd like a million bucks!" Suddenly a cacophony of quacking could be heard and overhead a large flock of ducks start shitting out money. The man collects the cash and runs in. He sees the bartender standing there bollock naked, showing his very impressive manhood. "I'm pledging my support for Harambe don't mind me. How did it work out?" "Fantastic," the man replied, "I got a million bucks! Thank goodness the genie wasn't hard of hearing!" "Yeah they usually are, but I mean what the fuck would I do with a 10 inch penis? My penis is at least double that length after I had that operation and the genie got rid of my stutter. At least a 10 inch pianist brings in the customers, both for the novelty and for the music so it's great from a business perspective. Anyway what would you like?"  "Just ice please."  "Just ice?"  "Yeah, just ice for Harambe."
A guy walks into a bar in West Virginia and orders a white wine.  All the hillbillies sitting around the bar look up from their beer and whiskey,expecting to see some pitiful Yankee from the north.  The bartender says, "You ain't from around here, are ya?"  The guy says, "No, I'm from Canada."  " Canada " The bartender says, "What do you do in Canada?"  The guy says, "I'm a taxidermist."  The bartender says, "A taxidermist? What in the hell is a taxidermist? Do you drive a taxi?"  "No," says the Canadian "I don't drive a taxi, I mount animals."  The bartender grins and hollers,  "It's okay boys. He's one of us."
A guy walks into a bar, takes off his hat and places it onto the counter. A duck jumps out. The bartender asks, "Can I help you, sir?"   The guy orders a shot.   The bartender asks the guy if his duck friend wants anything, and the duck says, "I'll have a Bloody Mary."   "Oh! You're a talking duck!" the bartender says. "What's your name?"   "Houie," the duck says.   The bartender gets him a drink on the house then asks him how his day went.   The duck says, "It went great. I've been in and out of puddles all day. Now I'm getting a Bloody Mary on the house. What else could a duck like me want?"   "That's nice," says the bartender.  Out jumps another duck.   The bartender asks, "Are you a talking duck, too?"   "Yessir," says the duck.   "Well, what's your name?" he asks.   "Douie," says the duck.   "Well, how was your day?" asks the bartender.   "Great. I've been in and out of puddles all day at the river, and now I can have myself a Bloody Mary as well," Douie says.   The bartender says, "Oh, that's fine!"  Out jumps a third duck.   The bartender says, "Well, I suppose you talk, too."   "Yes, I do," replies the third duck.   "Let me guess, you are Louie and want a Bloody Mary?" asks the bartender.   "No," says the duck, "my name is Puddles. And don't ask how my day is going, just get me a shot."
A man walks into a bar He sits down and orders 4 beers. After he drank them, he went home. The same thing happens the next few days until the bartender asks: "Hey buddy, why do you come here everyday, drink 4 beers and then leave?"  The man answers: "I have 3 close friends who sadly  moved far away a while ago. Before they left we made a deal. Every day we go to a bar and drink a beer for each of us. This way we can be closer together.  The next time the man goes to the bartender and orders only 3 beers and drinks them slowly. The people in there are seemingly sad because they started to like the guy. After a while the bartender walks up to him and apologizes for his loss. The man looks confused and answers: "Oh no it is not what it looks like. I just decided to quit drinking."
Two peanuts walk into a bar... ...one was a salted. 
A blind guy walks into a bar... A blind guy walks into a bar with his seeing eye dog. He makes his way through the crowded joint to order a beer from the bar.    After a few sips the man casually grabs the slack from the leash, and proceeds to swing the dog by its neck around his head like a helicopter.   Several terrified patrons scream, "what the hell are you doing?!?"  Casually, yet slightly offended, the man replies, "geez, relax, I'm just looking around." 
A man who keeps telling the same joke over and over walks into a bar The bartender says, "how are you, r/Jokes"
Three blondes walk into a building. You'd think that at least one would've seen it.
A man and his pet monkey walk into a bar... ...They sit down at the bar and the man orders a beer. The monkey promptly starts running around the bar, eating everything in sight. He eats some napkins, peanuts off of the bar, all the marichino cherries, everything he can pick up. Then the monkey hops over to the pool table, jumps on top of it, and quickly grabs and eats the cue ball.   The bartender is furious and shouts at the man, "Hey pal, what the hell is the deal?! Do you see what your monkey is doing? He is going around eating everything in my bar. He just ate the fucking cue ball!"  The man says, "Oh crap sorry about that. He does this everywhere we go. I will pay for and replace anything he eats."  The bartender accepts this and goes back to work. The man drinks another beer, pays, and then leaves.  The next week, the man returns to the bar with his monkey. He sits down and orders a beer and the monkey starts up again, going around the bar eating things. Only this time he sticks them up his ass first, then pulls them out and eats them. He does it with a cherry, with a peanut, etc.   The bartender is even more furious this time and shouts at the man, "Hey pal! Your monkey is at it again only this time he is being fucking disgusting and sticking things in his ass first. What's the deal?"  The man says, "Oh yeah sorry. He still eats everything he can pick up, but ever since he had to shit that cue ball now he measures everything first."
A cop walks into a bar and orders an expensive bottle of wine. "Would you like to taste it?"  The beautiful black bartender asks.  "I sure would!" Said the cop, and shot her in the chest with his stun gun.
A blind man walks into a bar... And a table. And a chair.
A duck walks into a bar and asks... "Hello Bartender, might you happen to have any of those delightful crimson seedless grapes?"  "Sorry sir, I know how much you enjoy them. We should have more by tomorrow. We do however have  some fresh Kyoho grapes imported from Japan."  "Ah, I see," says the duck, crestfallen. "Well at any rate those shall suffice."   The bartender presents the grapes on an oriental laquerware serving dish. The duck proceeds to peel back the bitter skin and eat the sweet fruit underneath.  Upon finishing his fruits, the duck asks, "Say friend, might you happen to have any nails?"  "Nails? That's an odd request to a barman. Sorry I'm afraid not."  "Odd indeed. I only ask because I have some hired help doing some restoration work on my heirloom veranda. They've just run out of nails. I just thought I'd ask on the off chance. Well I must be off now to the hardware store, but may I have a parcel of those grapes to go? The help will be parched from working under this hot sun and I suspect they might enjoy some fruit."  "Yes sir. Here you are." The bartender hands him the parcel. The bartender then asks, "Would you like the bill sir?"  "Oh Jeffrey you rapscallion," replies the duck, breaking into a lighthearted chuckle. They share the polite laughter of old acquaintances, as they both well know that the duck has been the owner of the establishment for quite some time since he purchased it from the former owners, who were far less hospitable.
A billionaire, a clown, and a presidential candidate walk into a bar... And the bartender says, "How's it going, Donald?"
Two men walk into a bar... One of them gets a concussion and the other gets a bruise on his forehead.
Harambe walks into a bar... "What'll you have?" says the bar tender  "I'll take a shot." said Harambe
A man walks into work with a smile Every morning, he walks in and passes the security guard with a great big grin on his face. One day, bleary eyed, the security guard asks him why he's so chipper every morning.  "Well, it's simple. Every morning when my alarm goes off, I rub my wife on the shoulder and say 'Blondie, Blondie, eyes so blue; How I thrill to make sweet love to you.' Then I get a quicky and my day is gold. You should try it"  The next day, the man sees the security guard is covered in bruises with one eye swelled shut. "What the hell happened to you?"  The guard responds, "I took your advice! I rubbed my wife on the shoulder, told her a poem, and she beat the holy hell out of me!"  "What did you tell her?"  "Nappy head, nappy head, green eyes like a frog; If I could roll your fat ass over, I'd fuck you like a dog."
Horse walks into a bar... Barman asks "Why the long face?" Horse said "I just found out I have AIDS"
A horse walks into a bar... A horse walks into a bar. Everyone leaves seeing the potential danger in the situation.
A Instagram user walks into a bar... A Instagram user walks into a #bar #pub #brewery #happyhour #bigplace #beer #night #party #fun #photography #conceptual #art #drink #peperoni #olives #lights #table #chair #followme
A vegan, an atheist, and a Crossfitter walk into a bar.... The only reason I knew is that they wouldn't shut the fuck up about it.
A Newfie walks into a Toronto pub and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman. He gives her a quick glance then casually looks at his watch for a moment.   The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?"   "No" he replies, "I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it."   The intrigued woman says, "a state-of-the-art watch? What's so special about it?"   The Newfie explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically."   The lady says, "What's it telling you now?"   "Well, it says you're not wearing any panties."  The woman giggles and replies  "Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties!"  The Newfie taps his watch and says,  "Damn thing's an hour fast!"
A man walks into a bar... And another bar...  -  And another bar...  -  And another bar?!  -  Yep, he's blind. Let's make sure he doesn't go to a cooking class again.
A man walks into a bar... Owch!
A christian walks into a bar A christian walks into a bar, then a jew walks into a bar, then a muslim walks into an ALLAHU AKBAR    BOOM
A man walks into a bar.. ..he orders 3 shots when he realizes he needs to go take a piss  He steps next to a guy and while doing his job, he sees that the other guys dick is absurdly huge.  The guy with a huge dick asks: "Would you like to have an enormous dick like I do?"  The other guy nods hastily.  "Okay, then listen carefully! Wait until midnight, then go to the crossroad outside the village. Take the leftroad, walk about 5 minutes and then youll see a huge stone on the side of the road. On that stone will be sitting a huge toad. You will ask the toad:   "Hello beautiful, would you like to have sex with me?".  The toad will respond: "NO!".   And suddenly, your dick grows 4 inches!"  The man doesnt believe at first, but seeing as hes been mocked by women his entire life, he decides to give it a try.  He waits until midnight, goes to the crossroad, takes the left road, walks for 5 minutes and he sees a huge toad on a huge stone. He cant believe his eyes, but he maintains calm enough to ask:   "Hello beautiful, would you like to have sex with me?"   The toad responds: "NO!"  The man hurries home, rushes into the bathroom, pulls down his pants and he cant believe what he sees - his dick is now 4 inches longer! He is mesmerized - yet not satisfied.  The next day, the man decides to try his luck again. He waits until midnight, goes to the crossroad, takes the left road, walks for 5 minutes and he sees the huge toad once again. And once again he asks:  "Hello beautiful, would you like to have sex with me?"  And once again, the toad responds: "NO!"  The man can already feel his dick grow up in the pants, and he is jumping with joy!   "Just 4 more inches, and it will be just perfect!", he thinks.  So the next day, he once again waits until midnight, goes to the crossroad, takes the left road, walks for 5 minutes and he sees the huge toad once again sitting on the huge stone. And once again he asks:  "Hello beautiful, would you like to have sex with me?"  And the toad responds:  "Are you fucking deaf?! No, no, no, no, and for the last time, NO!"
A man walks into a library.. ..., leans in close to the librarian, and asks quietly "do you guys have the newly released book about how to deal with a small penis?"  The librarian replies "I don't know if it's in yet.."  The man nods his head and says "yeah, that's the one."
Melvin Calvin walks into a bar... ....sits down, and orders a scotch. At the other end of the bar he sees a geologist knocking them back like there's no tomorrow. Concerned, Calvin approaches the man and says, "What's troubling you  friend?" The geologist says, "I broke my carbon today at work, oh my god, I'm gonna get fired, I have a family, what's going to happen to my kids?" Then a dawn of realization hits him. "Wait, you're Melvin Calvin! Can you fix my Carbon?" Calvin thinks about it a little, looking the man up and down, checking out the geologist's uniform. After a while, he finally says, "Depends... RUBP?"
Hellen Keller walks into a bar Then a table, then a chair
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says Hey...... The horse says: You read my mind buddy
A man walks into a bar "Ouch" he says
A time traveler walks into a bar The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve time travelers here."  A time traveler walks into a bar
A panda walks into a restaurant, sits down, and orders a sandwich. He eats the sandwich, pulls out a gun, and shoots the waiter dead. As the panda stands up to go, the manager shouts, "Hey! Where are you going? You just shot my waiter, and you didn't even pay for your sandwich!" "Hey, man, I'm a PANDA!" the panda shouts back. "Look it up!" The manager opens his dictionary and reads: "Panda: a tree-dwellingmammal of Asian origin, characterized by distinct black and whitecoloring. Eats shoots and leaves."
A priest, an alcoholic, and a child molester walk into a bar... They're the same person
Three members of the KKK walk into a bar... They sit at the back in full costume.  The first Klansman thinks to himself, "If the black guy at the bar tries to pull off my hood, I'll kill him!"  The second Klansman thinks to himself, "If the gay guy at the bar tries to pull off my hood, I'll kill him!"  The third Klansman thinks to himself, "If someone pulls off my hood, the gay black guy at the bar will recognize me from last night, and these two will kill me!"
A guy walks into a bar and orders two shots of top shelf Whiskey ... The bartender starts pouring them out.   And as soon as they're poured the man starts throwing them back.   "Easy there" the bartender says, "those are $100 a piece, what's the occasion?"   Guy replies "My first blowjob!"   Bartender says "Oh well in that case have one on the house."   Guy says "No thats okay, if the first two didn't get the flavor out of my mouth I doubt a third one will."
Now I don't know if this is racist but a black guy walks into a bar.... The barman goes 'wow where'd you get that?'   To which the parrot goes 'Africa'
A gorilla walks into a bar... I was going to make a joke about Harambe, but it is a dead meme
A computer scientist walk into a bar... The bartender says, 'Hey! You often come here, have a bottle of vodka or juice to drink for free'. The computer scientist takes both bottles and leaves. The bartender is furious, but the computer scientist says, 'Should've used xor instead'.
Bob walks into a public bathroom and notices a guy with no arms standing next to a urinal. As Bob takes care of his business, he wonders how the poor soul is going to take a leak. Bob finishes and heads for the door, but figures he should ask the man if he needs help.   ''Oh yes please!" the armless man cries. "You have a kind heart, sir."  But as Bob unzips the man, and pulls his willy out, he encounters all kinds of red bumps, lumps, moles, scabs, scars, and other unpleasant-looking things.  The armless man asks Bob to point it... then shake it, put it back and zip it. So Bob, gathers his courage, shuts his eyes and does so.   ''Thank you very much, sir!'' says the armless man.   ''No problem,'' says Bob ''but what the hell is wrong with your penis?''   The guy pulls his arms out of his shirt and says ''I don't know, but I sure ain't touching it!" 
A man walks into a restaurant (a joke from my European country) After some terrible service, the client says:  "This is a horrible restaurant! There's no soup, no main course and no dessert! You, waiter, bring my coat so I can get out of here!"  "This is a Romanian themed restaurant, sir. Your coat is gone too." says the waiter
A frightened man walks into KGB headquarters. "My talking parrot has disappeared."  The KGB officer glances at him, "That’s not the kind of case we handle. Go to the criminal police."   "I know that", he says. "I am here just to tell you officially that I disagree with everything the parrot says."
An American walks into a pub in Australia... ...says ''I'll have a bud light.'' The bartender replies ''You're an American, right?'' The guy says ''How did you know, was it the beer or my accent?'' To which the bartender replies ''Neither, you're the fattest fuck i've ever seen in my life.''
An anti joke walks into a bar Except it doesn't because it's an anti joke
A guy walks into a bar with his pet dog The bartender says, "No pets allowed." The man replies, "This is a special dog. Turn on the Browns game and you'll see. Whenever the Browns score, my dog does flips." The Browns keep scoring field goals, and the dog keeps flipping and jumping. "Wow! What happens when the Browns score a touchdown?" The man replies, "I don't know. I've only had him for 7 years."
A door walks into a bar The bartender asks, "Why the long face?"  The door responds, "I'm off my hinges."
A man walks into a zoo only to find out the only animal in the entire zoo is a dog. It's a shitzu.
A German, an American and a Russian walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them suspiciously and says, “Is this some kind of a joke?”
An Elf, a Dwarf, and a Man walk into a bar The Hobbit laughs at them and walks under it.
An old man walks into a doctor's office... ..and the receptionist asks him: "What seems to be the problem?"  The man replies: "There's something wrong with my dick."  The receptionist gasps, points to the people in the room and says:  "You can't say stuff like that in here!"  "You asked!" said the old man.  "You should've said 'there's something wrong with my ear' and just tell the doctor what's really wrong, in private!"  "Fine, there's something wrong with my ear."  "Okay," says the receptionist, satisfied. "And what's wrong with your ear?"  "I can't seem to piss out of it."
2 dads walk into a bar... One turns to the other and says "that hurt". 
A guy walks into a dentist's office and says, "I think I'm a moth." The dentist replies "You shouldn't be here. You should be seeing a psychiatrist..." The guys replies, "I am seeing a psychiatrist." The dentist says, "Well then what are you doing here?" And the guy says, "Your light was on."
A panda walks into a restaurant and orders some spaghetti. The waiter is surprised but still serves his order.  The panda eats the spaghetti slowly while reading a dictionary. After he is finished, he pulls out a gun, shoots the waiter and exits the restaurant.  The manager is staggered by the turn of events and moves to check what the panda had left behind. He sees the open page on the dictionary and finds the following definition of 'panda':  "a large bear-like mammal with characteristic black-and-white markings, native to certain mountain forests in China. Eats shoots and leaves."
A mathematician walks into a bar and says "I want √2 beers" The bartender tells him "You're being irrational"
A man walks into a bar and had a big Blue head He sits down, orders a drink. The bartender eyes him warily, but gets him what he wants. The man sits sipping the drink, idly watching the soccer game on the bar television. After a while, he runs dry and orders another.  *"Tell you what,"* says the bartender, *"this next one's on the house -- but you've got to tell me what happened to your head. I don't mean to be rude there, but..."*  The man smiles. *"No, not at all. I get this all the time...*  ...Well, it started with the Gulf War. I was a young kid fresh out of high school, but I was poor. I needed money for college, and the Army looked like a good way out of the ghetto. But then they shipped me over to Kuwait. My platoon took some heavy fire during Desert Storm, and I was separated from them.  I wandered the desert for days, with only the contents of my pack to sustain me. Sand. Sand was all I could think about. Everything else ceased to exist out there. I can only progress slowly, because I have to hide in my tent every time when even the smallest sandstorm comes around. I kept thinking, may be there are not just oases, nomads, and pompous cities in this desert. Supposedly there are ancient ruins as well. But until now now I only found lonely pillars scattered around the desert. Still my hopes were not disappointed, for now. I found a group of nomads, who were exceptionally friendly and hospitable. I decided to spend some time with them, before I set out again. Things went well, but I had nightmares on most nights. All the wandering in the desert must have exhausted me so much. I dreamt of large desert scorpion made of sand, some times it would be a large eagle chasing me into a big labyrinth.  During one such sleepless night, I saw a mysterious man. Exhausted and wounded, was seeking refuge in our camp. Just before dying, he told me about a river whose waters bestow immortality on whoever drinks from it. The river is next to a place called the City of the Immortals. Determined to find it, I thanked my nomad friends and set out to find this City.   The days were uneventful, but the nights began to terrify me. I know that the majority of deserts are rife with life. But it is frightening to hear the sand move in the silence of night. And sometimes I found footprints in the morning near my tent, and they were definitively human. Maybe someone is just following, maybe one of the kids of one of my nomadic friends. But they grew in number the closer I got to the city, and they are always fresh. And I also suddenly heard quiet whispering one night, only heard when I almost fell asleep. I woke up from the nightmare to find myself tied up in a small recess on the side of a mountain inhabited by Troglodytes. I don't know how I got there, but I managed to free myself and I could see the City of the Immortals in the distance. I assumed I can walk towards it, but one Troglodyte was already following me. I had to run as fast as I could to get away from him. At last I reached the City of the Immortals.  The City of the Immortals is an immense labyrinth with dead-end passages, inverted stairways, and many chaotic architectural structures. I was Horrified and repulsed by the city, but decided to get inside, because the Troglodyte was chasing me. I eventually escaped the city only to find the Troglodyte waiting on the other side. I was exhausted. I didn't want to run anymore. I surrendered myself to him. To his will. But it turned out that he really was a Genie, and that the Troglodytes are the Immortals, having destroyed the original City of the Immortals and replaced it with the labyrinthine.  'I am the Genie of the labyrinth' said the entity. 'For finding your way out of the labyrinth, I shall grant you three wishes. What is your first wish?'  I was incredulous, of course. I deduced I must be hallucinating after all this running and exhaustion, and that this was desert madness. I decided to test the mirage. 'Alright,' I tasked it, 'I wish for a wallet with a million dollars in it, that I can never lose, and whenever I take any money out of it the sum is immediately replenished.'  'Your wish is granted!' said the Genie. I felt a bulge in one of my uniform pockets. Reaching in, I pulled out a new wallet, stuffed to bursting with crisp, new bills. I counted them -- sure enough, it was a million dollars. I ripped up the bills, cast them to the winds, and threw the wallet as hard as I could. The moment it was beyond my sight, it teleported instantaneously back to my pocket, refilled with another million dollars.  'What is you second wish?'  I pondered the notion for a long moment, assessing my needs. 'Genie,' I said, 'for my second wish, I want to be transported to a cool, abandoned palace, into a harem room with a hundred beautiful young virgins who will all fall madly in love with me at first sight, before a buffet table set with a feast fit for a Persian king.'  'Your wish is granted!' Poof! I found myself in a royal harem, escaped from the heat of the desert. All around me, nubile girls eyed me with keen interest. In front of me, every conceivable type of meat was roasted to perfect tenderness, set with all the appetizers, side-dishes, salads, soups, and desserts of the four corners of the globe.  I dined until I was near-bloated, and then I had a lot of sex. I mean a lot. Several hours later, laying upon a bed of feathers, brown and blonde and red haired beauties nuzzling into me like puppies at their mother's underbelly, the Genie stood before me, looking down in satisfaction at his work so far.  'What is your third wish?'  I thought long and hard. Truly, this last wish tasked the very limits of my imagination, my beliefs, my ethics, my philosophy. Hours passed in silence, save for the gentle snoring of the ladies surrounding me.  At last, I spoke. 'Genie, for my third wish, I want a big Blue head.' "
A therapist walks into a medical conference... ...and was taken aback when cops turned up at the venue to make enquiries about him. Turns out there was a minor typo-graphical in the conference brochure. It described him as 'the rapist'.
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The first mathematician says "I'd like one glass of beer."  The second mathematician says "I'd like half a glass of beer." The third mathematician says "I'd like a quarter of a glass of beer."  The fourth mathematician says "I'd like an eighth of a glass...." The bartender shouts "know your limits!" And hands them two beers. 
A horse walks into a bar.... The bartender asks why the long face? The horse Lacking a cognitive perspective or ability to understand the English language. He looks at the bartender abruptly shits on the floor and leaves.
A Blind Man walks into an all women's bar He sits down and orders a shot. After the shot he asks, "Does anybody want to hear a blonde joke?" The lady next to him leans over. She says, "Hey buddy, so I'm gonna tell you this because it seems like you don't know any better. I'm a blonde coal miner, that woman over at the bar is a blonde professional boxer, the bartender is a blonde cage fighter, that woman at the pool table is a blonde steel mill worker, and shes a blonde bouncer. So buddy, are you sure you still want to tell that blonde joke?" To which the blind man responds, "Well no, not if I've got to explain it five times."
A trucker walks into a bar ...drinks a glass of poison and dies immediately. 
A man walks into a bar.. IS have claimed responsibility for his actions, stating: "he is a true soldier of the islamic state"
A woman walks into a bar... A woman walks into a bar with a newt on her shoulder.  The barman says, "You've got a newt on your shoulder, love. What do you call him?"  The lady replies, "His name is Tiny"  The barman replies, "Why Tiny?"  The woman replies, "Because he is my newt."
A pianist with Tourette's walks into a bar As he sits at the bar he notices a sign on the wall that reads 'Pianist wanted!'   He approaches the manager and asks "Hey, I'm a fucking pianist and I want to fucking know if the position is still fucking available, cunt"  After a moment of silence the manager, shocked at the language responds "Um, sure. We have a piano out back if you'd like to show me what you're capable of?"   The pianist excitedly responds "You bet ya fucking bollocks I will, cunt!"   The pianist sits at the piano, rolls up his sleeves and begins his first song, a beautiful 10 minute long symphony that leaves the manager absolutely speechless. He asks what the song is called, to which the pianist replies "That was 'Camel jizz in an elephants arsehole' which I wrote at 15"   Determined not to let the vulgarity of the conversation get to him, the manager asks for another song. The pianist happily obliges, closes his eyes and begins to play another beautiful 15-minute piece that leaves the manager in tears. After a few whimpers the manager says "Dare I ask what that was called?" The pianist replies "That was 'I've got a fucking hardon show me where you piss from' which I wrote in college"  The manager knows he can't have this language in his wine bar because the paying customers will all leave so he comes up with a plan, "How about this, I give you the job and you work Tuesday's and Saturdays, full pay, but you never under any circumstances speak. You get to work and do your job but you do not speak to anyone." The pianist knows it's for the best and agrees.   It's Saturday night and it's the pianists grand opening at the swanky wine bar. All the men are dressed up in fine suits and the ladies are all looking like red carpet celebrities.   The pianist takes his seat at the piano and after a moment of atmospheric silence he begins playing his first song, "Cunt punch and anal", he sticks to his side of the deal and doesn't mention the name of the song. Once he's finished the crowd immediately start cheering and clapping, they're all moved by the beautiful music he's just played unaware of its outrageous name.  He continues with a 40 minute long piece named "Suck the cum from my arsehole with a straw and spit it in your mothers face", as the crowd stand to their feet in applause he eyes a drop dead gorgeous blond front and centre. She's wearing a skin tight red dress that hugs her hourglass figure, shows off her gorgeous tits and curves around her beautiful thick hips. The pianist is obviously flustered and manages to announce "I'm... j-j-us..FFFFU-Just going to fu-fu-take a short break" and darts off backstage where he begins to rip his trousers down and frantically masturbate, thinking about the stunning blonde in the crowd. As he reaches climax he hears over the speaker "Ladies and gentleman please welcome our house pianist back on stage!" - he tries to compose himself and darts back on to the stage where he doesn't make eye contact with anybody in the crowd, sits at his piano and begins playing. Once he finishes he doesn't even wait for the crowd to applaud, he makes a run for the bar where he orders 2 beers, downing the first to calm his nerves.   As he is stood at the bar sipping on his second beer he eyes the blonde hottie walking over to him. He tries to relax himself and leans on the bar trying his best to remain calm. As she leans against the bar facing him she leans close and says "Do you know your shrivelled cock is hanging out of your zipper and dripping cum down your trousers?"  He replies excitedly "KNOW IT?! I FUCKING WROTE IT!"
Two deer walk into a bar... The first deer says, "Hey, wanna go to a party?"   The second one says, "I'm game!"
A guy with a gun walks into a bar.. "Which one of you fuckers slept with my wife?!"   A voice from the back shouted "I don't think you have enough bullets, mate"  
An old man walks into a bar Someone take him to the hospital his head is bleeding
A penguin walks into a bar... A penguin walks into a bar and asks the bartender "do you have any plums?" The bartender replies "no, we do not serve plums." The penguin says thanks and leaves. The next day the penguin returns and asks the bartender "do you have any plums?" The bartender replies "no, once again, we do not serve plums." The penguins says thanks and leaves. The next day the penguin returns and asks the bartender "do you have any plums?" The bartender, infuriatingly, yells at the penguin "NO WE DO NOT HAVE PLUMS, IF YOU COME BACK ASKING FOR PLUMS I AM GOING TO NAIL YOUR PENGUIN FEET TO THE FLOOR." The penguin, saddened, simply leaves. The next day the penguin returns and asks the bartender "do you have any nails?" The bartender, confused, replies "no?" The penguin then asks "do you have any plums?" 
A man walks into a strop club and asks how much it costs to come inside. The man at the door says "it's going to cost at least 1000 dollars to cum inside sir"
A rabbi, a Priest, and a duck walk into a bar... and the bartender says "What is this, a fucking joke?"
A guy walks into a bar Tells the bartender "I'll bet you $100.00 I can chug your biggest pitcher of beer in less than 10 seconds" Bartender gives him a gallon pitcher and the guy chugs it in 9 seconds so bartender pays him. A little while later the guy says "I'll bet you another $100.00 I can chug two of those pitchers in less than 10 seconds" Bartender figures the first time took 9 seconds so takes the bet.  Sure enough the guy slams two gallons in 9.5 seconds. A little while later he calls the bartender back over - this time the bartender says "I'm done betting with you" The guys says "here me out, the bet is $500.00 you take your smallest shot glass, place it 4 feet in front of me on the bar, I will stand on the bar and piss in it, fill it to the top and not spill a drop" Bartender says "you're on!" - places the shot glass, the guy stands on the bar and pisses everywhere, not a single drop in the glass.  As the bartender collects his winnings and is laughing as he is wiping up the piss he sees the guy smiling.  The bartender asks "hey, what's up, I just won back my $200.00 plus another $300.00 and you seem happy" The guy replies "well yeah, you see that guy over in the corner crying? Well I bet him $2,000.00 that I would stand up, piss all over your bar and you would wipe it up with a smile!"
Three guys walk into a meta bar An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar. The bartender turns to them, takes one look, and says, "What is this - some kind of joke?"  The Englishman says, "Yeah, we're getting featured in reddit's /r/jokes sub again and they're doing Meta Jokes today."
An infinite number of /r/jokes jokes walk into a bar The first joke asks for a beer, and the bartender pours an infinite number of beers because he knows that every joke on /r/jokes, being reposts, will all say the same thing.
Uranium, Potassium, Fluorine, and Carbon all walk into a bar, late one Saturday evening. Fluorine goes up to the bartender and orders a pint of scotch. Without question, the bartender fills up a glass and hands it to Fluorine.  Uranium then goes up to the bartender and orders a pints of gin. Again, without question, the bartender fill up a pint full of Uranium's gin that he ordered.  Carbon follows, this time ordering a pint of rum - his favorite! The bartender conforms, giving Carbon his pint, and carries on.  Potassium, however, orders *two* pints of his personal favorite vodka, claiming he had a rough day. The bartender understands, and he gives Potassium his fifth of vodka that was ordered.  The four elements chug their drinks in mere minutes! The bartender rushed over, thinking something had gone wrong, and... FUCK! I forgot the punchline!
So a Giraffe walks into a bar..... .......And sits down next to a Man. The Giraffe and the Man start to hit it off over a couple of drinks. By the end of the night the Man and the Giraffe order one more round of shots. The Giraffe takes his last shot, stands up, and dies after falling on the floor. The Man points to the Giraffe and says to the Bartender, "You cant just leave that lyin there." And the Bartender replies, "Thats not a lion, thats a giraffe."
A Family Walks Into A Hotel... The Father walks up to the front desk and says "I hope the porn is disabled"   The man at the desk replies "no, it's just regular porn you sick cunt"
A German man walks into a bar.. He stops midway, locks eyes with the bartender and announces: "This is a scheduled stop."
13 blackberries and 5 iPads walk into a bar... They leave hammered
A midget walks into a bar.. he`s wearing a T-shirt that reads "I hate all Paki`s" I thought to myself...."that`s a little racist"
Rene Descartes, Adolf Hitler and Kim Il-Sung walk into a bar They sit down, and call the barman over.  The barman asks them if they would like anything to drink.   Descartes says "I think not", Hitler asks for a glass of scotch and Kim goes for a microbrew.  The two of them then toast to one another's health and go their merry ways
Guy walks into a bar. A guy walks into a bar and sits down. The bartender notices the guy and says "are you okay? You look terrible!" The guy says "yeah, i had kind of a rough night last night. I drank way too much and blew chunks." "Well that doesn't sound so bad" says the bartender. And then the guy says "no you don't understand. Chunks is my dog." 
A man walks into an online forum.. A man walks into an online forum and tells a joke that nobody really understands.   Get it?
An American walks into a cheesemaker's shop in Italy. The cheesemaker greets him with an enthusiastic smile, "*Ciao!* How-a may I help-a you-a?"  The American asks, "Do you have any Gouda cheese?"  The cheesemaker scowls and turns red in the face, then gesticulates around the room and yells, "It's-a all-a good-a cheese!!"
A Frenchman, a Russian, and an Irishman walk into a bar. A Frenchman, a Russian, and an Irishman walk into a bar. The Frenchman orders a glass of wine, the Russian orders a shot of Vodka, and the Irishman orders a pint of ale. When the drinks come, all 3 have a fly in them. The Frenchman yells at the barman and demands another. The Russian picks up the fly, eats it, then takes the shot. The Irishman looks at the fly in his drink and yells, "Spit it out, ya wee shit!"  *Adapted from Game of Thrones for those who don't watch
A woman walks into a bar and orders a drink called "Innuendo". So the barkeeper gives it to her.
A redditor walks into a bar (again) … he asks the bartender to tell him a good joke but warns him that he's read all of them manny manny times already. The bartender gives it a shot takes out his phone checks reddit and only finds jokes that point out how manny reposts there are in this subreddit...  Seriously guys, stop it! We get it, the "recycling-rate" is very high in r/jokes, so?! You don't have to make jokes about this over and over again, enough is enough!  I know, thats not a joke but I wanted to get this of my chest already.
A Japanese guy walks into an optometrists office... He gets examined and the doctor says, "you have a cataract."  The guy replies, "No I don't, I drive a Rincoln."  
So a man walks into a bar... He was later disqualified from the gymnastics competition for attempting to break the rules of the competition.  EDIT: Just to clarify, the man is a gymnast, and walks into the pole-vaulting bar instead of, well, pole-vaulting over it.
A huge muscular man with a tiny head walks into a bar Everyone stares at him because there impressed by his muscular physique, but there also shocked with his tiny head in contrast to his huge body. So the man walks up to order a drink and the bartender says" im not gay or anything, but I'm impressed by your physique it's amazing, but why do you have such a little head". The man replies by saying " well it's a bit of a story, but one day I was walking in the woods until I encountered a talking frog, and the frog said " if you kiss me I will turn into a genie and grant you 3 wishes". Then suddenly that frog turned into a beautiful naked women who then said" you now have 3 wishes, what do you wish for", I then said " I wish I had Arnold Schwarzeneggers body". Then my clothes rip from the huge body transformation, and I Had Arnold Schwarzenegger physique. The lady then said " what is your second wish", I said " I wish to have sex with you". We start engaging in sex, and in the middle of enjoyment the beautiful women whispers to me" you have one more wish" I then said " how a about a little head"?  
A man walks into a bar One Saturday night a man walks into a bar. As soon as he walks in he sees a large jar of coins on a table next to the door. He asks the bartender, "why is that jar of coins there?" To which he replies, "We have a challenge in this bar. You can win the jar of coins if you can skull a liter of tequila in one minute, remove a tooth from the rabid dog at the back of the bar, and have sex with the 90 year old virgin woman upstairs." The man thinks it is a stupid challenge and walks away. A few drinks later he goes up to the bartender and accepts the challenge. He skulls the tequila in 50 seconds. He then makes his way outside to take the tooth of the rabid dog out. As the door closes the patrons hear loud growls and roars. They hear the ripping of clothes and the screams of the man. Then silence. The man walks back inside, a smile on his face and says, "so where's the old lady that needs a tooth removed?"
A man walks into a gun shop... ...and tells the owner he wants to buy a gun to shoot cans. The owner brings out a small caliber gun to show the man, who shakes his head and asks for a bigger one. The store owner keeps on bringing out bigger and bigger guns until he finally places his largest rifle on the counter. The owner asks the man "If you need a gun of this size, what the hell kind of cans are you shooting at?" The man replies "I need it to shoot mexiCANS, afriCANS, and Puerto RiCANS."
Two chemists walk into a bar. "I'll have H2O," says the first one.  "I'll have H2O, too," says the other.  [Everybody is fine because the bartender understands the context.](#s)
A man walks into a bar... He tells the bartender "get me a beer, get a beer for yourself, and a beer for everyone else in the bar."   The bartender smiles and does as he asked. Then the bartender told the man that it would be 62.50 for all the beers.   The man smiled at the bartender and said, "I ain't got no money!"   The bartender grabs the man by the collar and throws him out the door. "If you come back I'll bust you up!"   Ten minutes later the man came back. He walked up to the bartender and told him "Pour me a beer, get a beer for yourself, and a beer for everyone else in the bar."   The bartender looked suspiciously at the man. Surely he wouldn't be dumb enough to try this again. The bartender pours everyone another beer.   "62.50" said the bartender.  "I ain't got a nickle!" said the man with a laugh.   The bartender punches the man in the face and throws him out the door. "Don't come back you bum!"  Ten minutes later the man comes back. He walks up to the bartender and told the bartender "Pour me a beer and pour one for everyone else in the bar."  "What? No beer for me this time!?" asked the bartender.  "No" replied the man. "You get violent when you drink."
A very drunk man walks into a bar He yells:   two large beers and a packet of crisps please!  Lady: sir, this is a library.  Man, whispering: two large beers and a packet of crisps please!
A guy walks into a pub... A guy walks into a pub and sees a sign hanging over the bar that reads:   CHEESEBURGER: $1.50   CHICKEN SANDWICH: $2.50   HAND JOB: $10.00  He walks up to the bar and beckons one of the three exceptionally attractive blondes serving drinks.  "Can I help you?" she asks.  "I was wondering," whispers the man. "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" "Yes," she purrs. "I am." The man replies, "Well, wash your hands. I want a cheeseburger."
A man walks into a bar... and he sees a jar next to the bartender labeled "Prize." He asks how one can receive this prize money an the bartender explains that he must accomplish three tasks. He needs to knock out the biker that comes in every night, pull a sore tooth from the pitbull chained up outside, and have sex with an eighty year old woman who lives upstairs. The man accepts and returns some time later. His knuckles are red and he has a bad bite mark on his arm. Exhausted, he asks the bartender, "Where's the old lady with the sore tooth?"
A leper walks into a bar... And takes a seat.   The bartender, looking slightly squeamish, comes up and asks him what he'd like.  Knowing his condition, the leper says: "I know how I look, if you don't feel comfortable serving me, I understand." And orders his drink.  Bartender says: "No, not at all. I've seen it all. I'll grab your drink."  The bartender serves him, then goes to the back, looking very pale!   Eventually the leper finishes his drink, and is about to order another, when he sees the bartender visibly puking his guts out in the back, occasionally looking over at the leper.  When the bartender gathers his nerves and comes back to help the leper, the leper says to him: "I told ya, if I grossed you out, you should've just told me, and I'd have been on my way!"  The bartender, shaking his head, leans forward and whispers in his ear:   "It's not your image that made me puke. It's just, for the past 5 minutes, the drink next to you has been doing his crackers in your neck!"
The past, the present and the future walk into a bar. Then things get tense.
Three vampires walk into a bar... The first two order a pint of blood each, the third asks for a jug of boiling water, confused the barman asks "why?". The vampire pulls out a used tampon and says "I'm making tea"
Descartes walks into a bar... The bartender asks, "can I get you a drink" to which Descartes replies, "I think not" and *poof* Descartes disappears. 
The ego and superego walk into a bar... The bartender says.. I need to see some ID
A blind man walks into a bar... And hits his head. 
A black man walks into a bar and takes a seat He also takes a pen, a mug and $200 in cash.
A Texan with a fake ID walks into a bar... Bouncer: "Hmm... this doesn't look like you. What's your name?"    Texan: "I'm Joaquin."     Bouncer: "You better be, otherwise I'm calling the cops."    
A man walks into a bar And it really fucking hurt actually. 
Two gay guys walk into a bar. One sits down slowly, the other pushes his stool in.
A cowboy walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman... He gives her a quick glance, then causally looks at his watch for a moment.   The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?"  "No." he replies "I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it."   The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What's so special about it?"   The cowboy explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically."  The lady says, "What's it telling you now?"  "Well, it says you're not wearing any panties."   The woman giggles and replies, "It must be broken because I *am* wearing panties!"   The cowboy smiles, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing's an hour fast."
A man walks into a bar full of gorgeous women As he's waiting for his drink he keeps looking around the bar, not believing his luck. Every single girl here is a 10/10. He doesn't usually have much luck with the ladies, but surely the odds are in his favour tonight!  An average looking guy drinking a beer at the bar notices him staring at the girls, and leans over in a conspiratory whisper: “I could bang any girl here”. Really? “Yep, any one of these 10/10 babes. I could bang any of them.”   Not quite believing him but not wanting to miss out on any life changing advice, our protagonist asks the guy: “That's truly impressive. What's your secret?”  “Oh that's easy, you see...” Taking a big sip of his beer, with his eyes now firmly on the backside of a nearby stunner, he continues, conversationally. “I'm a rapist.”  
A helium atom walks into a bar. The bartender says "get out, we don't serve your kind here". The helium atom did not react.
Helen Keller walks into a bar... Then a table, then a chair.
Boy playing Pokémon go walks into a bar He should've been paying attention
John Wayne walks into a bar... And asks the bartender if he can use his private restroom. "No!" Says the bartender, "You can use the public one, just like everybody else!" John wayne replies: "Oh come on man, I'm John Wayne!" "No preferential treatment, either use the public one, or get out." John Wayne thinks for a while, hoping from foot to foot, before he gives in, and waddles off the the mens room.  A few moments later he returns with his left pat-leg totally soaked. "What the hell happened to you?!" Exclaimed the bartender. "Happens to me every time! I go up to the urinal, and the guy standing next to me turns around saying 'Hey! It's John Wayne!'"
Guy walks into a bar Orders 9 shots of whiskey, the bartender asks what he's celebrating, the man says his very first blow job occurred just moments before, the bartender says "Hell, let me buy you another one then" the guy says "No thanks, if these don't take the taste out of my mouth, one more won't help".  An oldie but a goody.
An Englishman, a Scotsman and an Irishman all walk into a bar "Ouch!" "Och aye!" "Bejabbers!"
A black guy walks into a bar with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder The bartender looks at him and his parrot and says:  "Wow, that's beautiful. Where did you get it?"  "Africa", says the parrot.
An Englishman, Scottishman, Irishman, Welshman, Frenchman, Russian, Spaniard, Mexican, American, Norweigan, Swede, Albanian, Italian, Indian, Moroccan, Dutchman, Brazilian, Kenyan, Australian and Belgian walk into a bar. The barman says; "You can't come in here without a Thai."
A Texan walks into a pub in Ireland He clears his voice to the crowd of drinkers. He says, “I hear you Irish are a bunch of hard drinkers. I’ll give $500 American dollars to anybody in here who can drink 10 pints of Guinness back-to-back.” The room is quiet and no one takes up the Texan’s offer. One man even leaves. Thirty minutes later the same gentleman who left shows back up and taps the Texan on the shoulder. “Is your bet still good?”, asks the Irishman. The Texan says yes and asks the bartender to line up 10 pints of Guinness. Immediately the Irishman tears into all 10 of the pint glasses drinking them all back-to-back. The other pub patrons cheer as the Texan sits in amazement. The Texan gives the Irishman the $500 and says, “If ya don’t mind me askin’, where did you go for that 30 minutes you were gone?” The Irishman replies, “Oh…I had to go to the pub down the street to see if I could do it first”.
So, a chubby man walks into a bar... He was so chubby that he knocked over a few chairs when he took his seat. He orders a beer and begins to have a wonderful conversation with the bartender. The bartender is ecstatic to have met such an amazing person. Before he leaves the bartender asks him his name. The gentleman replies in a quite mischievous tone "It's Hugh, Mungus... ;)"
A bloke walks into a pub with a meat and potato pie balanced on his head He walks up to barman and says:  'Can I have a pint of bitter, please.'  'Certainly,' says the barman and starts pulling a pint. But he can't resist asking. 'You do realise, sir, you have a meat and potato pie on your head?'  The bloke replies: 'Yes, I always have a meat and potato pie on my head on a Wednesday.'  'Ah!' Says the barman. 'But today is Tuesday!'  'Oh no,' says the bloke. 'I must look like a right twat.' 
Charles Dickins walks into a bar and orders a Martini. The bartender says, Olive or Twist?
A Man Walks into a Zoo He walked around the entire zoo, but there was only one animal.  It's a Shih tzu. 
A white man, a black man, and a Chinese woman walk into a museum. The white man says  "Wow, I can't believe my ancestors BUILT this country  To which the black man responds:  "Actually, it was MY ancestors that did that".  The white man then says:   "Oh, uh. My ancestors built the railroad"!!  The Chinese woman responds:  "It was MY ancestors that did that".  The white man than says:  "My ancestors!!!... Were terrible people".
A panda walks into a bar.  He asks the bartender how he can get a little action forthe night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex,the panda abruptly leaves. The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house."You owe me money," she says. "For what?" The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute." The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up:"Prostitute: Has sex for money." The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm apanda. Look it up." She is about to protest when the panda hands her the dictionary. The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary, and it reads,"Panda: Eats bush and leaves.
A Buddhist walks into an ice cream shop and says make me one with everything.
Guy walks into a Mexican restaurant but he's not that hungry... And they serve free tortilla chips. He asks for one chip and they give it to him. He swipes his credit card, and nothing happens. The employee looks at him and says, "Dude... it's a chip."
A man walks into church and sits in the confessional booth. The priest sits down and the man says, "Forgive me for I have sinned. I was golfing yesterday and I cursed."  The priest replies, "Would you like to tell me what happened?"  "Well," the guy says. "I was out on the seventh hole, and I'd just hit my best drive of the day. Straight ahead, down the middle of the fairway, and a long way down. I was feeling pretty good about myself as I walked to the ball. I wasn't 30 feet away when a squirrel ran out of the trees and grabbed my ball."  The priest interrupts, "Oh, I see. So that's when you cursed?"  The man replies, "No Father, I didn't. As the squirrel was running away, it got to the end of the fairway when it was caught by a hawk, which flew high into the air."  Once again, he priest interrupts, "So that's when you cursed?"  The man continues, "No Father. The hawk started flying away, and I followed it, because it flew in the direction of the green. As it passed over the green, it squeezed the squirrel with its talons, causing the ball to drop about three feet from the pin."  The priest says, "Don't tell me you missed the fucking putt!"
Three kids walk into a Pole He was very fat.
A guy walks into a bar and sees a girl Guy: You're the most average girl here  Girl: You're so mean  Guy: No, you are
A guy walks into a bar... The guy says to the bartender: Hey I wanna teach you about quantum physics. The bartender says lay it on me. So this guy walks into a bar, and he says hey a wanna teach you about quantum physics, the bartender says lay it on me.  You guy the idea
A woman and her two snot nosed screaming kids walk into Walmart. She's still wearing her pajamas and her hair looks like it hasn't been combed in days.  She is screaming and cussing at her kids when she is approached by an old man working as a door greeter.  The greeter says "what lovely kids, are they twins"?  The woman replies "are you blind or just dumb? They are two years apart and look not a damn thing alike."  The man grins and says "No I just can't believe someone had sex with you twice" 
Three philosophers walk into a bar Three philosophers walk into a bar and take a seat at the counter. Immediately, they start tossing around arguments about the meaning of life.  "Life is so unique and complex", the first philosopher starts off, "That even if it was not created by a god, it must have a definite purpose in this universe. If we don't know what that purpose is, that only means we have yet to find it, and life should still be considered sacred. Bartender, bring me a glass of your finest, most expensive liquor to represent the irreplaceable experience that is human life."  "Unique? Oh please." the second philosopher chimes in. "Life is just a byproduct of chance, an illusion created by our inability to understand the complexity of our own biology. Under the hood, life is nothing but a bunch of chemical reactions, and consciousness is just some electricity running around between cells. There's nothing special about life, and certainly not human life. Bartender, give me the cheapest beer you have lying around to represent our mundane, pointless reality."  "You guys are both thinking about this all wrong" says the third philosopher. "It doesn't matter if life has a set course, or came about by chance. Regardless of how things actually are, we have the freedom to do what we want with our lives. If a destiny is set, we can reshape it. If life is born pointless, we can give it meaning. Bartender, serve me a mixed drink of your choice to represent that life is what you make of it."  Each man takes his respective drink, makes a toast to their own ideal, and then promptly dies from the poison the bartender put in their glasses.
Micheal Jackson and a Chair walk into a bar. Then I remember that i'm in the desert and I'm hallucinating.
Panda walks into a bar... ...orders some food and everything seems fine.  After he finishes.  He pulls out a gun and starts shooting everything.  As he is leaving the bartender jumps up and says, "what was that for?"  Panda says, "I am a panda.  Look it up."  The bartender pulls out a dictionary and reads....  "Panda - eats shoots and leaves."
So a guy walks into a bar... A man was in a southern town for business. After a conference on a Friday, he decides to check out a local bar. He sits down at the bar and orders a beer. While drinking at the bar, he takes in all of the scenery. He notices that behind him, there is a large painted barrel, with a locked lid. Painted on the barrel is "pay $100, win it all!".  This has piqued his interest, so he asks the bartender:  "What's the deal with the barrel?"  The bartender replies "You place $100 in the slot on top of the barrel, and if you complete 3 tasks, you will win all of the money."   "Well what are the 3 tasks?" The man asks.  "First, you must knock out the 6'4 295 lb bouncer over there. Once complete, I will give you a pair of pliers. You see this door behind me? I will send you in with the pliers, and you will find a large pitbull. You are to pull out 1 of its teeth, and bring that tooth to me. Once that is finished, you will go upstairs to find a 97 year old woman. You will have sex with her. If you can do all 3 of those things, the money is yours."  The man drinks for several more hours and is pretty drunk. He decides that this is a once in a lifetime opportunity, since he will probably never be here again.  "Fuck it!" He says as he throws a $100 bill into the barrel. The bartender rings a bell, and the bouncer approaches. The man chugs the rest of his beer and slips as he approaches the bouncer. His mug flies from his hand and smashes into the face of the bouncer, who falls to the floor unconsciously.  "While not the most conventional method, I suppose technically that counts." Says the bartender.  By this point, the entire bar is silent and watching as the man receives the pliers from the bartender. The man slowly opens the door, walks through, and the bartender closes the door behind him. It is so quiet that one could hear a pin drop. Everyone listens intently as the silence is broken.  Screams from the man and loud barking erupt from behind the door for a few moments, and then silence again. After a few seconds, yelping and whimpering can be heard.  The door opens, and the man drunkenly stumbles out. His clothes are tattered and bloody. Breathing heavily, he stumbles up to the bartender with pliers in hand and says:  "Now where is this old woman whose teeth I have to pull!?"
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one says, "I'll have a beer."  The second one says, "I'll have half a beer."  The third one says, "I'll have a quarter of a beer." And so on..............  The bartender pours two beers and says, "You guys need to know your limits."
A man walks into a pub and looks at the menu Cheeseburger - $4.00  Fries - $1.50  Handjob - $10.00  There are three beautiful women working the counter.   The prettiest of the three asks the man  "Can I help you?" And winks.  He answers: "Are you the one who does the handjobs?"  "Yes," she replied and winked again.  "Great, wash your hands I'll take two cheeseburgers," he said.
A guy walks into a bar... ...ista. Apologises and orders a coffee.
A truck driver walks into a bar... A truck driver walks into a bar and sees a man sitting down just staring at his drink.  The truck driver walks over to the man and drinks the mans shot. After doing this, the man didn't even react.  "Hey man I was just  joking, here, I'll buy you another drink...", says the truck driver.  "Nah man it's alright, just go", says the man in a sad tone.  "Are you okay bro"? Asks the truck driver.  "Well I go to work this morning and I get fired for a bullshit reason. When I go outside, my god damn car is gone and probably stolen. I left my phone at home so I can't even notify the police. After I start walking home, a big ass German Shepard attacks me and nearly kills me. When I get home, my wife is in the bed with the gardener. And than I get here, and you drink my god damn poison."    
Helen Keller walks into a bar.... And then a table. And then a chair. Another table....
A bear walks into a bar The bartender says , what can I get you ?   The bear says "let me get uhh.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................BeerThe bartender says sure, but why the long pause?  The bear holds up his arms and says, "because I'm a fucking bear. "
A man walks into a barber shop for a shave. While the barber is foaming him up, he mentions the problems he has getting a close shave around the cheeks.   "I have just the thing," says the barber taking a small wooden ball from a nearby drawer. "Just place this between your cheek and gum."   The client places the ball in his mouth and the barber proceeds with the closest shave the man has ever experienced. After a few strokes the client asks in garbled speech.   "And what if I swallow it?"   "No problem," says the barber. "Just bring it back tomorrow like everyone else does." 
A man walks into a bar carrying a small pig. "Where the hell did you get?" the barkeep asks. "I won it, playing cards", says the pig.
A book and a reed walk into a bar And the book says to the reed "I'm the better read!"
A skeleton walks into a bar... The bartender asks, "Hey skeleton, what'll it be?"  The skeleton replies, "I will have a beer...and a mop."
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign over the bar which reads:  Cheese sandwich $2 Ham sandwich $3 Hand-job $10    He checks his wallet, then approaches the gorgeous barmaid.  "Are you the one who gives the hand-jobs" he asks.  "Yes" she says with a smile.  "Well wash your fucking hands and make me a cheese sandwich!"
A string walks into a bar.... The bartender says: Get out Strang! We dun serve yer kind hurr!  So the string goes out back, ties himself into a knot, scruffs up one end and walks back in.  Bartender: Hey! Ain't you that strang i juss kickt out?!  String: Nope, I'm a frayed knot!    I know....... Sooooo bad. My aunt made me post it after showing her /r/jokes
A group of Germans walk into a BAR... after 20 rounds there are no survivors.
A Gorilla walks into a bar.... He takes a shot. His name is Harambe. 
A woman walks into Harrods...    She looks around, spots a beautiful diamond bracelet and walks over to  inspect it.   As she bends over to look more closely, she unexpectedly farts.  Very embarrassed, she looks around nervously to see if anyone noticed her little woops and prays that a sales person was not anywhere near.   As she turns around, her worst nightmare materializes in the form of a salesman standing right behind her: Good looking as well as cool as a cucumber, he displays all of the qualities one would expect of a professional in a store like Harrods.  He politely greets the lady with, 'Good day, Madam. How may we help you today?'  Blushing and uncomfortable, but still hoping that the salesman somehow missed her little 'incident', she asks, 'what is the price of this lovely bracelet?'  He answers, "Madam - if you farted just looking at it - you're going to shit when I tell you the price!"  
A grasshopper walks into a bar. What does he say. A grasshopper walks into a bar, and the bartender says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!" The grasshopper looks surprised and asks, "You have a drink named Steve?"
A guy walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar and announces that he can close his eyes and name what kind of alcohol he is drinking and how old it is, just by taste and smell.  A drunken guy at the bar says, "I bet I can give you a drink that you can't name."  "You're on," replies the guy, "as long as you pay."  So the drunken guy puts a drink on the table. The guy sips it, gags and spits it out. "This tastes like piss!"  "Yeah," says the drunken guy, "now guess how old I am."
A guy walks into a bar (I know original, right?) A guy walks into a bar and orders a shot. He notices a jar on the bar full of 20 dollar bills and asks the bartender what's up with it. The bartender tells him put a 20 in and he'll give him three tasks, upon completion he'd receive the jar of money. The guy thinks this to be obsurd and decides to keep drinking after a few more shots he can't take it anymore and puts a 20 in the jar. The bartender gives him his three tasks. 1. Chug an entire bottle of liquor  (his choice) 2. There's a pit bull out back that needs a tooth pulled, pull it. 3. There's an elderly woman upstairs that hasn't had an orgasm in a very long time, make her feel like a woman again. The guy, pretty drunk at this point, goes for the choice of liquor. Picks his favorite whiskey and downs it. He heads out back to the pit bull. There's a lot of barking and screaming and about 15-20 minutes later he comes back and yells to the bartender..."ok, where's the old lady with the absess tooth?"
A closeted gay man, An economic illiterate, A radical feminist, A self hating white, and A communist walk into bar. The tender asks "Will that be Molson Prime Minister?"
A man walks into a bar... He should have ducked.
Two chemists walk into a bar The first one says "I think I'll have an H2O."   The second one says "I think I'll have water too."  The first chemist now has to rethink the assassination.
A Chinese walks into a bar... A Chinese walks into a bar in America late one night and he saw Steven Spielberg.   As he was a great fan of his movies, he rushes over to him, and asks for his autograph.   Instead, Spielberg gives him a slap and says, "You Chinese people bombed our Pearl Harbour, get outta here."   The astonished Chinese man replied, "It was not the Chinese who bombed your Pearl Harbour, it was the Japanese".   "Chinese, Japanese, Taiwanese, you're all the same," replied Spielberg.   In return, the Chinese gives Spielberg a slap and says, "You sank the Titanic, my forefathers were on that ship."   Shocked, Spielberg replies, "It was the iceberg that sank the ship, not me."   The Chinese replies, "Iceberg, Spielberg, Carlsberg, you're all the same."
A new Wall Street Journal employee walks into a bar ... ... but can't because the only one near WSJ headquarters is at the bottom of a giant square-shaped sinkhole.    He asks an older employee what happened, but is just told that it can be accessed with the city's subway station.  Still confused, he decides to walk underground to investigate and eventually finds it.  The bartender looks tired and appears deeply disappointed in his life thus far.  The new employee asks the weary bartender why his business is several thousand feet below the Earth's surface.  He lets out a long sigh and says "It's not mine, god forbid.  We're owned and operated by the Wall Street Journal."  The employee's now even more confused.  "Yes," he asks again, "but what caused this place to sink all the way down h-"  But the employee's interrupted when the building begins to violently shake with increasing intensity.  Suddenly, it feels as if the entire building has dropped three feet.  The bartender, utterly unfazed, calls up using an old landline phone.  As soon as he puts down the receiver, the terrified new employee asks what the hell just happened.  The bartender rolls his eyes, and bluntly states "The WSJ just published another Pewdiepie hit-piece, so they've lowered the bar another three feet."
A huge man walks into a bar. A huge guy walks into a bar, approaches a little guy and karate chops him in the back. When the little guy gets up, the huge guy says, "That was a karate chop from Korea."  A little later, the huge guy walks back over to the little guy and karate chops him in the back. The huge guy says, "That was a karate chop from China."  The little guy leaves the bar, comes back and hits the huge guy on the back. The huge guy lies unconscious on the floor. The little guy tells the bartender, "Tell him that was a crowbar from Sears." 
An Indian (from India) walks into a grocery store and asks the manager if he can return his toilet paper. The manager tells him that it is an odd request because he has never seen anyone return toilet paper before but he will allow it to be returned if the man can give him a legitimate reason for wanting to return the toilet paper. The Indian simply states that the toilet paper should be called John Wayne toilet paper. The manager, confused, asks if he can elaborate. The Indian then says it should be called John Wayne toilet paper because it's rough, it's tough, and it won't take any shit from any Indian.
A priest, a Rabbi, and a ghost walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
A masked man walks into a sperm bank And goes up to the receptionist and pulls out a gun. Freaking out, the receptionist tells the robber that it's not that kind of bank and they don't have any money.    "I fucking know that!" the robber yells. "You see those full cups sitting behind you waiting to be processed!?!?" he asks.    "*Yy...yesss*", the nurse stammers.    "I want you to swallow the contents of every one of them **right now** or I will fucking kill you!" as he points the gun to her head.  Fearing for her life, the nurse reluctantly starts pulling the tops off each cup and swallowing the contents, making sure every drop is gone.  The robber, seeing she's accomplished her task rips off his mask to reveal himself as her husband. He looks at her and says "See?!?  That wasn't so bad now was it?"
A man walks into a car dealership... and sees the car of his dreams.   As he walks over to it just to touch the car, he accidentally farts.   Embarrassed, he looks around and sees that no one saw.    A moment later the salesman walks over, and the man says "I'd like to know the price of this car please."   The salesman says - "I am sorry sir, I can't tell you."  The man exclaims - "Why the hell not?!?"  The salesman replies...   "Sir - if you farted from touching the car, you're going to shit when you hear the price."
A man walks into a bar and starts talking to three ducks... He says to the first duck, "Hey, little guy! How's your day been? The response comes "Hi! I'm Hughie and I'm great! I've been in and out of puddles all day!"  The man talks to the second duck. "And how are you doing?" "Hi! I'm Dewey and I'm doing fantastic! I've been in and out of puddles all day!"  The man turns to the third duck and says, "Haha, so you must be Louie! How are-" The third duck gloomly interrupts and says "No, I'm Puddles and I'm not having a good day." 
A man walks into a barber shop A man walks into a barber shop and says, "I'll have a shave and a shoe shine." The barber lathers his face and sharpens the straight edge while a woman with the biggest, most beautiful breasts he has ever seen kneels down and shines his shoes. The man says, "You and I should spend some time in a hotel room." She replies, "My husband wouldn't like that." The man says, "Tell him you're working overtime, and I'll pay you the difference." She says, "You tell him.  He's the one shaving you."
A man walks into a bar That doesn't make cent
A Man Walks Into A Doctor's Office A man walks into a doctor's office.  He says "Doctor, you gotta help me, I keep thinking I'm a moth!"  The doctor looks confused and says "Well, why the hell did you come in here? I'm a cardiologist, not a psychologist."  The man says "I know! The light was on..."
A man walks into a bar... "Ouch"
So a Russian man walks into a bar.. A Russian man walks into a Ukrainian bar with a half full bottle of vodka. The bouncer stops him and shouts: "Putin it down!!"
2 Nazis walk into a BAR They each get 10 shots
Black Guy walks into a bar A black guy walks into a bar with a Parrot on his shoulder. Stunned, the bartender asks where it came from. The Parrot responds "Africa you dipshit". 
The entire UK walks into a bar. Half of the  people decided to leave, so they all had to go.
An American man walks into a bar... An American man walks into a bar and as he sits down he overhears the conversation of the two women sitting next to him, speaking with British-sounding accents. He turns and asks, "Excuse me ma'am, that's a lovely accent, are you women from England?" The women instantly looked disgusted. One of them quickly and angrily replied "Wales, you idiot!" The man apologetically replied, "I'm sorry, are you whales from England?" 
Man walks into a bar "2 whisky, 1 pint and 3 brandy"  Drinks all and takes the bottle of whisky and continues to fill and drink.  Barman " WOAHHH Slow down pal take it easy, what's the problem?"  Man " I only have £1.60"
An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar... ...to watch Wales play in the quarter-finals.
A duck walks into a bar and says "Get me some chapstick, and put it on my bill!" 
A Math teacher walks into a bar. Weird. Would have thought he would have to climb to his average position. 
A Guy Walks into a Bar. The first thing he sees is a tiny man playing piano. The little guy is a prodigy, hands moving with impossible intricacy, delicacy, and speeds. The music is beyond incredible—it the best music the man ever heard.  The guy approached the bartender, and curious, asked, “So what’s up with the little guy playing piano?”   “Well it’s a long story,” the bartender replied.   The guy shrugged, ordered a drink, and sat at the bar. In front of him was a lamp. He picked it up and polished it with his sleeve. A genie erupted forth.  “WHY HAVE YOU WOKEN ME FROM MY SLUMBER?” the genie thundered, perhaps too loud.   Startled, the man responded, “Hell, I didn't know! Hey, aren’t you supposed to give me three wishes?”   “Since you have angered me, I will give you only one wish,” said the genie.   “Well then, I wish for a million bucks,” the man said without hesitation.   The genie nodded. Immediately, the bar filled with ducks. Ducks poured in, until the bar was willed with a million ducks.   Astonished, the man yelled over the clamor, “Hey, I wished for a million bucks, why would you give me a million ducks instead?”  “Well, I guess I’m just hard of hearing.” Poof. The genie disappeared.   Disappointed, the man trudged back to the bartender, and said, “Would you believe this? I found a genie and wished for a million bucks but he gave me a million ducks instead.”   “You're telling me,” the Bartender responded knowingly. “Do you really think I’d wish for a twelve-inch pianist?” 
A guy walks into a bar and sees a man holding the dog's leash.  The guy asks: "does your dog bite?".  The man responds with a no.  The guy then proceeds to pet the dog, and gets bitten, in which he yells furiously: "DIDN'T YOU SAY THAT YOUR DOG DOESN'T BITE?!".  The man replies: "I did. This is not my dog."
A guy walks into a bar , And he  sees a horse with a bucket around its neck, it is filled to the brim with $20 bills. So he asked the bartender "What's the deal with that horse over there?" The bartender says "If you can make the horse laugh you get all the money in the bucket." So the guy walks up and whispers into the horses ear, he then walks away counting the money and laughing. The guy comes back in a week later and sees the same horse, with the same bucket around his neck. So the guy asks the bartender "What's the deal this time?" So the bartender says  l"This time you have to make him cry." So the guy walks up to the horse and whispers into his ear, him and the horse go outside,  the guy walks back in counting the money and laughing.  The bartender says "Hey hold on a fucking second, what did you do to my horse?" The guy responds: "The first time I told him my dick was bigger than his, the second time I showed him!"
Two snare drums and a cymbal walk into a bar Ba-dum tish!
A woman walks into a sports shop She asks one of the employees for a pump needle.  The employee finds one for her and says, "That will be 1 dollar".  The lady responds, "That is odd, the last time I was here they only cost 50 cents".  The employee responded, "Sorry ma'am, but that is inflation for ya"
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar... It was tense. 
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar... ... and doesn't
A dog walks into a bar "I'll have one ... beer."  Bartender replies "Why the pause?"  Dog says "Because I was born with them, asshole."
The Godfather, accompanied by his attorney, walks into a room to meet with his accountant.   The Godfather asks the accountant, “Where’s the three million bucks you embezzled from me?” The accountant doesn’t answer. The Godfather asks again, “Where’s the three million bucks you embezzled from me?”   The attorney interrupts, “Sir, the man is a deaf-mute and cannot understand you, but I can interpret for you.”   The Godfather says, “Well, ask him where the @#!* money is.” The attorney, using sign language, asks the accountant where the three million dollars is. The accountant signs back, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” The attorney interprets to the Godfather, “He doesn’t know what you’re talking about.” The Godfather pulls out a pistol, puts it to the temple of the accountant, cocks the trigger and says, “Ask him again where the @#!* money is!”   The attorney signs to the accountant, “He wants to know where it is!” The accountant signs back, “Okay! Okay! The money’s hidden in a suitcase behind the shed in my backyard!” The Godfather says, “Well, what did he say?” The attorney interprets to the Godfather, “He says that you don’t have the guts to pull the trigger.”
A black guy with a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar, sits down and orders a drink.  The bartender sees the parrot and says: "Man! That thing is beautiful! Where'd you get it?" to which the parrot replies: "Africa! There's millions of 'em!"
An Irishman walks into a pub in Dublin. He orders 3 pints of beer.  He slowly drinks them one by one. The next day he comes in &amp; does the same thing.  After several days, the bartender says, "You know, if you order them one at a time, they won't go flat and they'll stay cold." The guy says, "You see, I have 2 brothers, and we were very close. We've had to go our separate ways over the years and now live in different parts of the world. We promised each other every time we had a pint, we'd have one for each of the others."  So the guy does the same thing for many days in a row. One day he comes in &amp; only orders 2 pints. The bartender says, "Oh no, I'm so sorry.  Something happened to one of your brothers, hasn't it? Which one was it? I feel so horrible for you and your family."  etc., etc.  The guy says, "No, it's nothing like that.  It just that I gave up drinking."
A man walks into a bar with a tiny piano and a foot tall man playing it. He sits down and the bartender asks "What's the deal with that?"  The man claims to have found a genie that can grant amazing wishes and that's were he got the little man and the tiny piano. He pulls out a rusty old lamp and hands it to the bartender.  "Give it a try" the man says to the bartender.  The bartender rubs the lamp and runs outside. To his amazement, the resteraunt across the street has been torn down and filled with tailgaters. "What the hell," cries the bartender, "I asked for a yacht full of girls, not a lot full of grills!"  The man replies "The genie must be hard of hearing, do you really think I wished for a 12 inch pianist?"
A vegan walks into a bar... And orders a salad.
A man walks into a bar... He got a concussion and  now has severe brain injuries.
Two blondes walk into a building Bu-dunts.  
A dog walks into a bank to get a loan He sits down with the loan advisor, a young lady by the name of Patty. Instantly the dog notices a photo on her desk of her with one of his favorite comedians.  "How do you know Lewis Black?" the dog asks.  "He's actually my father," replies Patty. "Having a celebrity dad has been an interesting experience."  "Tell me about it," says the dog. "I don't know my real dad, but I was adopted by Mick Jagger when I was very young."  The two get down to business, and soon the paperwork is just about completed.  "One last thing," Patty says, "is I need some collateral for the loan."  "That may be a problem," replies the dog. "My only possession is this." He hands her a small porcelain elephant.  "Hm, I'll have to ask my manager on this one," says Patty. She goes to her managers office, explains the situation, and gives him the paperwork to look over.  Her manager looks over the loan application and the porcelain elephant, thinks for a minute, and then says:  "It's a knick-knack, Patty Black. Give the dog a loan. His old man's a Rolling Stone."
A man walks into a bar... And orders 7 shots of Jack Daniels. The bartender turns away for a moment and all the shots are all gone.  "Wow! You drink fast!" The bartender says.  "You'd drink like that too if you if you had what I have." The man replied.  "What do you have?" The bartender asked.  "An iPhone 7." The man replied.  "I see." The bartender smiled. "That explains the 7 missing Jack."
A weasel walks into a bar And asks for a beer.   The bartender says "we can't serve alcohol to you."  "I'll just take a pop" goes the weasel.
A black guy with a parrot walks into a bar. The bartender says, "wow! That is beautiful! Where did you get it?" The parrot responded, saying, "there are millions of them running around in Africa."
A termite walks into a bar... He says, "Is the bar tender here?"
Gene Wilder walks into heaven's bar The bartender says, "Great, now we're up to fifteen subs on the front page talking about this."
The Pythagorean Theorem, Newton's Third Law and Bernoulli's Principle walk into a bar. The bartender says, "I'm not going to get this joke aren't I?"
Two redditors from /r/jokes walk into a bar When they sit down one of them tells the bartender a joke and everyone laughs.  A few minutes later the other redditor tells the same joke.  Only Joe who has just emerged from the toilet laughs. 
A man walks into a bar with a brown paper bag. A man walks into a bar, and sits down on a barstool, placing a small brown bag on the counter next to him. He signals to the bartender and then proceeds to down 3 shots of scotch.  The bartender, being no fool asks, “Hey man what’s wrong?”  Without replying the man slowly reaches over and grabs the brown bag. Opening it, he pulls out a tiny piano. To the bartender’s surprise he reaches back in and pulls out a tiny man, who couldn’t be standing more than a foot tall, dressed in a full tuxedo. The tiny man walks up to the piano, pulls out the piano bench and carefully sits down. He then continues to play some of the most beautiful soothing music the bartender has ever heard.  “Where on earth did you get this little man?!”  “Oh I have a genie.”  The bartender can barely contain his excitement, “You do? Can I see it?”  “Of course, of course,” says the man pulling out an ornately decorated lamp.  The bartender takes the lamp and rubs it and out pops a genie.  “You have summoned me. What is your one wish sir?”  “I want a million bucks!” The bartender shouts.  Immediately the room begins to fill up with ducks. Feathers are flying everywhere, the other patrons begin screaming and running for the doors.  As the ducks continue to appear out of thin air, the bartender looks frantically at the man with the brown bag who has a sly smile on his face.  “WHAT HAPPENED!? I DIDN’T ASK FOR THESE DUCKS!!”  “Well do you think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?” 
An ugly man walks into a bar and a beautiful woman approaches him... ... the woman asks the man, "How would you like to get out of here?" and the man is stunned. He never thought a woman like her would ever approach him so he agrees. They both get into his car and drive really far. He stops at a cliff with the view of the whole city. Within seconds they start taking off their clothes. After 15 minutes of vigorous sex they finally finish. They both put their clothes on and they both just sit there awkwardly. The woman speaks up and says "I'm a prostitute and its going to be 100 dollars for my service." The man is stunned and saddened that she didn't really like him. He gives her the money and they both sit there awkwardly. The woman tells him that she is ready to leave and the man replies "I'm a taxi driver and its going to be 150 dollars for the ride here and back."
A drug addict walks into a changing room.... he came out a changed man. 
So, a pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel attached to his penis... The bartender asks the pirate, "Hey pirate, why do you have a steering wheel attached to your penis?"  The pirate replies, "Arrrgh...it's driving me nuts!"
Back in Soviet Russia, a man walks into a shop and asks, "You wouldn't happen to have fish, would you?" Back in Soviet Russia, a man walks into a shop and asks, "You wouldn't happen to have fish, would you?"   The shop assistant replies, "You've got it wrong – ours is a butcher's shop: we wouldn't happen to have meat. You're looking for the fish shop across the road. There they wouldn't happen to have fish!"
A man walks into a bar... Because he forgot he was in Jail
An old indian chief walks into a pharmacy He asks for some condoms because he's trying to avoid getting his new wife preganant.  He gets some condoms and leaves  next day he's back and asking for better condoms.  Pharmacist says how come the ones i gave you should of been fine.  Indian says Left nut go uhh right nut go uhh rubber go pow.  The pharmacist gives him heavier condoms and the indian goes on his way but the next day he's back.  exact same conversation as the day before.  The pharmacist gives him ultra magnum condoms the thickest toughest made and said these will do it.  The pharmacist doesn't see the indian for weeks but finally he comes in and the pharmacist grabs another box for him and he says no thanks and asks for a refund on the ones he bought the pharmacist says how come.  Indian says Left nut go uhh rubber go uhh right nut go POW!
A man walks into a bar... OUCH
A TCP Request walks into a bar - I want a bier - Do you want a bier ? -Yes, I want a bier -Fine
An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar... The bartender turns to them, takes one look, and says, "What is this - some kind of joke?"
A man walks into a veterinarian clinic... A man walks into a vaterinarian clinic with his dog on his hands. He goes "There is something wrong with my dog, doc."  The veterinarian looks at him and says "Sorry, but your dog is dead."  The man goes "No way, he is my best friend. Can I get a second opinion." The veterinarian says "Sure" and brings a cat to the room. The cat looks at the dog and shakes his head. "Sorry but he is dead." the veterinarian says. "Impossible, give me a third opinion!" demands the man.  The doctor brings in a black lab. The lab looks at the dog then shakes his dead. "Sir, he is dead." The veterinarian says. The man says "Okay, what is the bill?"  The veterinarian says "$657". The man is surprised and says "But you only told me he was dead." The veterinarian explains "It was only $20 when you walked in but after the cat scan and a lab review it totals to $657."
A lumberjack walks into a shop to buy a chainsaw... The shopkeeper picks one out and says "this one can cut down 5 trees in 2 minutes". The lumberjack is impressed by this and buys the chainsaw. 2 days later, the lumberjack comes back to the shop with the chainsaw and asks for a refund.   "This is a complete rip-off, I only managed to cut down 1 tree over the space of an hour!"  The shopkeeper takes the chainsaw and turns it on only for the lumberjack to suddenly jump in surprise.   "What's that noise?"
A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder... The bartender asks "Where'd you get that thing?"  The parrot replies, "Africa."
A pirate walks into a bar... The bartender notices wooden handles sticking out of his pants, so he asks, "Hey, is that a steering wheel in your pants?"  The pirate responds with, "Yarr, it's drivin' me nuts!" 
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and says: "A beer please, and one for the road." 
A group of IPhones walk into a bar Bartender: Get out!  IPhones: Why?  Bartender: I know you don't have any money!  IPhones: How?  Bartender: Because all you Apple products lost your Jobs years ago! 
Two skeptics walk into a bar.. I'd tell you what happens next but noone knows
A little boy and his mother walk into a cafe. The waitress asks, "What will you have?"  The little boy says, "I wish to devour the unborn."  There is a sudden silence and everyone turns to look. The mother, looking very embarrassed, says "Eggs. He would like some eggs."
A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers. He looks at the bar tender and says "Five drinks please."
An Australian walks into a US bar... ...with a crocodile under his arm. The bartender takes one look and says, "Hey! You can't bring that dangerous animal in here!"      "Dangerous? That ridiculous!" the Aussie proclaims. "Watch this!"      He places the croc on a table and grabs a nearby newspaper, rolling it up. He hits the croc over the head. The croc's jaws slowly open. The Australian whips out his dick, lays it over the crocodile's teeth, and hits it on the head again. The croc closes it's mouth ever-so-gently, not breaking his skin.      "Anyone else wanna try it?" the Australian asks.      A blonde woman raises her hand and says, "I will...if you don't hit me with the paper."
A screwdriver walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!" The Screwdriver responds, "You have a drink named Murray?"
A hipster walks into a bar and says "I heard this joke before it was cool"
A termite walks into a bar... And asks, "is the bartender here?"
Writing prompt: Harambe, Cecil, and Tilikum walk into a bar... Who has the best punch line?
A blind man walks into a bar... ...then a table, and a chair.
3 Nazi walk into a BAR They're dead.
A man walks into a contest with his dog He says the the man at the desk, "Hello! I'd like to enter my talking dog into this contest! "A talking dog, eh? Lemme see this." "Alright boy, what's the top of a house called?" The dogs says "Roof" The man at the desk rolls his eyes.  "Don't worry, sir. My dog can really talk! Boy, what's a great Yankees baseball player?" The dog says, "Ruth" The man at the desk shouts, "Alright, I've had enough of you! Get out!"  On the way out, the dog says to the owner, "DiMaggio?"
A man walks into a restaurant and orders some seafood. The waiter hauls out the mangled body of a Sumo wrestler in a wheelbarrow, and dumps it on the table.  "What the heck is this?!" Asks the man. "This poor guy has obviously just been hit by a bus or something. I thought I ordered your finest lobster?"  "Sorry sir." Replies the waiter. "But this is our freshest and largest crushed Asian."
A ghost walks into a bar. The bartender asks: what'll you have?  Ghost says: I'm here for the boos.
A blind man walks into a bar and a table...and a chair
Neil deGrasse Tyson walks into a bar. Everyone leaves. "EVERYONE?" he chuckles to himself. "7.4 billion humans couldn't fit in this space."
A plumber walks into his psychiatrist's office... Doc: So what brings you in today, plumber?  Plumber: My clients say I've really been showing my ass.
So Helen Keller walks into a bar a table &amp; a chair
A drunk walks into a pub. He goes up to the bar and sees a curious looking bottle bubbling away with mist emanating from the top. Slightly flummoxed he asks the landlord, “What’s this about then?”  The landlord replies, “Well, this is a mystic potion, a concoction of my very own in fact. Take a sip and it’ll magically release your full potential.”  “Bullcrap” the drunk slurs.  “You see that man over there,” the landlord says, pointing at a dapper looking fella, “He used to be an amateur golfer. He took a sip of the magic potion and now he’s just beaten Tiger Woods to become The PGA Champion”  “That guy over there,” pointing to an extremely burly looking gentleman, “He used to be the skinny guy in the gym. He took a sip of the magic potion and now he’s the favourite to win Mr. Olympia”  “Okay,” said the drunk. He grabbed the potion, took a large swig and a puff of smoke instantly enveloped him.  As it cleared, he looked down at himself in utter shock. He had been transformed into a wheelchair bound Paraplegic.  “What the hell has your potion done to me?”  “Well, you spend half your time drunk,” said the landlord, “seems to me it’s made you permanently legless”
Two scientists walk into a bar Two scientists walk into a bar, they get to the bartender and the first one says "Can I get a glass of H20?"  The second says "What are you gay? Gimme a beer"
A parkourist walks into a restaurant He sees 5 jars. "What are those?" The waiter says "Some are suger, Summersalt"
A man walks into a bar and orders 10 pints of lager followed by 12 shots of vodka The barman then watches, amazed, as the bloke downs them one after the other. Recovering, the customer says:  'I shouldn't have done that with what I've got.'  'What have you got?' Asked the barman.  The customer looked at him guiltily. 'Oh, about two dollars.'
A guy walks into the doctors office with a stomach ache Doctor says :"Sir, you have worms in you intestines."  Patient freaks out :"what do I do doc?! Get them out of me!!"  Doc replies: "there is only one solution for that, get a watermelon, cut it in half and sit on it. Their leader will come down, taste it and tell the others to come out and eat the watermelon."  Patient saw the logic in the doctor's reasoning and bought a watermelon on his way home. Cut it in half and sat on it. A few minutes later he felt a worm coming down eating some melon and going back up, a few moments later he felt all the worms moving out then they stopped. When he thought they had all left his body he heard the leader say : " Ready fellas? LIFT!"
A businessman walks into a shoe store. The seller sells handmade shoes from around the world.   "I would like a pair of American loafers," the businessman says.   One Chinese sneaker says to its mate, "That's lacist."
A man walks into a bar... And he immediately orders 7 shots and a beer for a chaser. The bartender lines up the seven shots and goes to get the beer. When the bartender returned, all 7 shots were gone!   The bartender says, "Wow, you sure drank those shots fast!"  The man says, "You'd drink fast too if you had what I have."  "What do you have?" Asks the bartender.  Then man reaches in his pocket and slaps his hand on the bar and exclaims, "Fifty cents!"
A guy walks into a bar.. I don't know what happens next. I was standing outside.
Harambe walks into a bar Harambe walks into a bar and orders a drink the bartender says:  "just ice" and harambe replies  "justice for harambe"﻿
A man from out of town walks into a bar... ...the locals know to duck.
Two guys walk into a bar. The third one ducks.
Hirambe, Shaq, and Peter Dinklage walk into a bar. They all agree there should be a warning about such a low hanging bar.
A man walks into a bar... Ouch.  What a classic joke
A homeless man walks into a gym to take a shower. He accidentally walks into the ladies shower, but doesn't notice cause it's empty.   When he's done, and just about to get dressed, he hears 3 women coming in.   He grabs a towel and covers his junk. Then he quickly reconsiders and wraps it around his face instead, so they won't recognize him.   The 3 ladies walk in, and look him up and down.   The brunette looks at his crotch and says "Well, it's not my husband."   The redhead takes a look and says "Yep. Not your husband."   The blonde also looks down and says "I don't think he's from this town at all."
a guy walk into a bar A guy walks into a bar and sees a very short pianist, he then proceeds to the bar tender and the bar tender tells the guy that theres a gene in the bar that can grant you one wish but also says be very careful of what you wish for so the guy goes to the gene and says i want a million bucks so the gene flicks his fingers and all of sudden a million ducks come flying thru the bar  so the guy goes back to the bartender and says wtf i said a million bucks not a million ducks so the bartender says i no rite do you think i wished for a 6 inch pianist?
Let me tell you a joke. A mathematician walks into a bar and says.. "Let me tell you a joke. A mathematician walks into a bar and says.."
An Ugly man walks into a bar and a beautiful woman approaches him...... ... the woman asks the man, "How would you like to get out of here?" and the man is stunned. He never thought a woman like her would ever approach him so he agrees. They both get into his car and drive really far. He stops at a cliff with the view of the whole city. Within seconds they start taking off their clothes. After 15 minutes of vigorous sex they finally finish. They both put their clothes on and they both just sit there awkwardly. The woman speaks up and says "I'm a prostitute and its going to be 100 dollars for my service." The Man is stunned and saddened that she didn't really like him. He gives her the money and they both sit there awkwardly. The Woman tells him that she is ready to leave and the man replies "I'm a taxi driver and its going to be 150 Dollars for the ride here and back."
A man walks into a library and asked the librarian "do you have any books for men with small penises?" The librarian looks on her computer and says  "I don't know if it's in yet."  "Yeah that's the one."
A man with a big orange head walks into a bar... The bartender asks, "Why do you have a big orange head?"  The man responds, "It's very complicated, and a long story, but this morning I was on the way to work and I found a magic lamp. I rubbed the lamp and a genie came out, he said he could grant me three wishes. The first thing I wished for was enough money so I could never have to work again. So he granted my wish and I had enough money to never have to work again. My second wish was to be surrounded by lots of beautiful women. So he granted my wish and I became surrounded by beautiful women."  The man stops. The bartender asks, "What was the third wish?"  The man replies, "This is where I think I went a bit wrong. I wished for a big orange head."
Two Irish guys walk into a pet shop Seamus heads straight over to the back of the shop, knowing what he's looking for, and Finton follows shortly behind.   "Dats dem up der!" Says Seamus, pointing at high up bird cage. "Oi'll tek two a dem budgies up der," He says to the shopkeeper, "an wouldya put em in a pepper bag?"  So they leave the shop, hop in a van parked out side, budgies in hand, and they drive off. They drive to the edge of a cliff with a 700 ft drop. They go over to the edge, where Seamus takes out the two budgies and a roll of tape lying around in the van.  He places one budgie on his shoulder and wraps loads of tape around the birds feet, attaching it firmly to his shoulder. He does the same with the other budgie on his other shoulder. He says to Finton: "You stand ere an watch dis, okay?"  Finton nods his head cautiously, and watches as Seamus takes a long run up and hurls himself off the edge of the cliff, crashing twice along the long drop to his and the budgies' doom. Finton shakes his head slowly, "Oi'm never troyin' dat. Doesn't look very sef..."  He turns around to see a small Toyota pull up, and his mate Brendan steps out with another 'pepper bag': "Y'alright Finton? Where's Seamus?" "Bottom o de cliff." Replied Finton. "Eejit." Chuckles Brendan. "Alright, you'll wanna watch dis I tell ye!"  He then takes a parrot out of the bag, opens the boot of the car and takes out a high calibre handgun. Parrot in hand, he hurls himself of the cliff, clutching onto the poor birds feet. About halfway down he blows the creature's head off, and plummets down to his own death. "Wot were ye tinkin, Brendan!" Mutters Finton, despairingly...  He turns around after hearing another car approaching. A battered old Renault pulls up alongside the other 2 vehicles. Out pops Fergle. "How'reya Finton? Ye ready fer a show?" "Ye don't haf te do dis. It in't sef. Seamus an Brendan are at de bottom o de cliff, an dey don't look too good..." says Finton. "Oi'm a trillseeker... it'll be fun!"  He carries on by pulling his 'pepper bag' out the car, and from there removed a large chicken. He placed the chicken between his thighs and flung himself off the edge, before Finton could say anything else.  His body lands crumpled with the chicken's, near the two other men's.  "Jaysis!" Says Finton, "Oi told ye! Dese trillseekin sports ain't sef! First Seamus wit his budgie jumpin, then Brendan wit his parrotshooting! Now you wit yer feckin henglidin!"
Timmy walks into class holding his cat Teacher: "Timmy, why did you bring your cat to school?" Timmy says, crying, "Because I heard my daddy say to my mommy, "I'm going to eat that pussy when the kids leave." so I'm saving him!"
A man walks into a bar to order a drink... He asks the bartender for a beer. As He is sipping, A panda walks into the bar and order some food. The man thinks to himself "How odd." As the man continues and finishes his drink he hears a loud bang! He then proceeds to see the panda walk out the bar, gun in paw. The man looks at the bartender confused and says "What was that all about?" The bartender replies, "Oh the panda? He eats, shoots and leaves"
An Englishman, a Scot, and an Irishman walk into a bar An Englishman, a Scot, and an Irishman walk into a bar, and they all order a pint. A fly lands in each man's glass. The Englishman pushes his pint away in disgust. The Scot flicks the fly out of his glass and begins drinking. The Irishman grabs the fly from his glass, throws it down to the bartop and screams "Spit it out ya wee bastard, it's mine!"
A man walks into a bar ...and says "ouch"  Someone should move that.
A General, conspiracy theorist and traitor walk into a bar Mike Flynn says: "Ow."
A man walks into a bar He quickly orders 5 bottles of beer. He immediately starts to drink the beer immediately, as fast as he can. In 2 minutes, he had already finished 3 bottles of beer. The bartender looks over and says, "Why are you in such a hurry?"  The man says, "You would be doing the same if you knew what I have."   The bartender replies, "What do you have?" The man replies: "25 cents"
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table.               And a chair. -Codsworth
A pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar and sits down next to his best pirate bud, Randy. Randy looks at the pirate, leans over and asks, "arrr matey, why are ye wearin a steerin wheel on ye belt buckle?" The pirate replies, "Arrr, it's been drivin me nuts!"
Two guys walk into a bar The third one ducks.
A double-amputee walks into a bar Then he remembers he's already legless and walks out again.
An american walks into a swiss bank... The bank is very full so it takes a long time for it to be his turn.  After an hour wait he finally gets to go up to the counter. The woman asks him how she could assist him.    He looks around, making sure he cant be heard and whispers into her ear "I would like to deposit $1 million into a bank account"   The woman looks a bit startled and says out loud "oh dont worry sir! You dont have to whisper, here in Switzerland its no shame to be poor."
The CEO of Budweiser, Miller and Carlsberg walks into a bar. The CEO of Budweiser walks up to the bar and orders a Budweiser, after which the CEO of Miller orders a Miller. Then the CEO of Carlsberg says to the bartender: "I'll have a glass of water." The others looks baffled and asks him: "Why didn't you order a Carlsberg?". He replies: "Well, since you're not having beer..."
A guy walks into a bard with 7 bullets in his gun He bursts in the door screaming, "I'm gonna kill ALL you son's of bitches who screwed my wife!"  The bartender quickly raises his hand and says, "Sir, you don't have enough bullets!"
Harambe walks into a bar He asks for just ice. 
An infinite number of mathematically inclined cows walk into a bar... And the bartender says, "close the door!  Were you raised in a barn?!"  But the cows keep shuffling in.   Because they don't understand English.
A liar, A cheat, and a sore loser walk into a bar. The bartender says:   What'll it be Mrs.Clinton?
A communist walks into a bar... And a person asks him:   "Sir, are you all right?"  Insulted, the communist started brandishing a gun. Everyone in the bar ran outside.  "Great! Now I'm the only one left", said the communist.
A blind man walks into a fish market, takes a deep breath and says "Good morning ladies!"
A zombie walks into a bar Bartender says "we don't serve zombies here" to which the zombie replies "that's fine, is the human fresh?"
16 sodium atoms walk into a bar. They were followed by batman.
A guy walks into a bar owned by Eminem... He says,"Give me 2 shots..."  The bartender cuts him off saying,"You only get one shot."
A Zwitterion walks into a bar... A Zwitterion walks into a bar.  The bartender asks him about his job.  The Zwitterion says, "Eh, there's some positives and negatives about it".
Pirate walks into a bar Pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants. Bartender says "Hey Mr. Pirate, ya know you have a steering wheel in your pants?" Pirate says "Yarrrrr, it's driving me nuts."
A priest and a rabbi walk into a bar... They then proceed to be thrown into the street and shot because the bar is in Mosul.
An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar The bartender turns to them, takes one look, and says, "What is this - some kind of joke?"
A horse walks into the bar... It neigh's, shits on the floor and walks out, leaving the bar patron's bewildered 
A horse walks into a bar... People begin to quickly, but calmly leave the bar as they realize the potential danger of the situation.
One night, a man walks into a bar looking sad... The bartender asks the man what he wants.  The man says, “Oh, just a beer."  The bartender asked the man, “What's wrong, why are you so down today?”  The man said, “My wife and I got into a fight and she said she wouldn't talk to me for a month.”  The bartender said, “So what's wrong with that?”  The man said, “Well, the month is up tonight.”
Guy walks into a bar ouch   fuck   ahh mann..   fuck   that hurt   pff  better sit down for a while   oof I'm all dizzy    ahhh this still hurts   ohh man..  my head...  hmm, I think it's better now   oh no, it isn't  pff  man, that hurt   I'm still dizzy..  ohhhh..   better go home   
An Irishman walks into a bar. An Irishman walks into a bar. The bartender says "Where you from?"  Irishman says "Dublin"  Bartender: "oh really?"  Irishman: "No, O'Reilly."
3 Vampires walk into a bar... The first one says "I'll have a pint of blood."  The second one says "I'll have the same."  The third one says "I'll take a pint of plasma."  The bartender says "So that'll be two bloods and a blood light?"
A guy walks into a bar... and says "ow."
A guy walks into a zoo. The only animal there was a dog. It was a shih tzu.
An infinite number of mathematicians walks into a bar... The first order 1 beer, the second 2 beers, the third 3, and so on... The bartender doesn't pour anything and say "Yall own me 1/12 of a beer"
The past, the present and the future walk into a bar. It was Tense Tenses are always boring
A nerd walks into a bar It was a Poké Stop
A pink elephant walks into an auditorium rented to host the society of materialist philosophers Strolling in, the animal approached a convention organizer.  "Ah, you're here," the man said. "Do you have your powerpoint?"  The pink elephant raised a USB stick and tooted his snout.  "Excellent," he replied, ticking off a box on his checklist.  "You're scheduled to go on at 10am. Refreshments are over there." The man pointed at a table with muffins and coffee.  "That's a problem," replied the pink elephant. "I only eat straw."   There was a pause and the man blinked. "Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go take another antipsychotic."
You walk into a bar It's a gay bar, faggot
A gender bent walks into a bar... and orders a drink.
A blind old cowboy walks into a bar... An old, blind cowboy wanders into an all-girl biker bar by mistake.  He finds his way to a bar stool and orders a shot of Jack Daniels. After sitting there for a while, he yells to the bartender, “Hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?” The bar immediately falls absolutely silent. In a very deep, husky voice, the woman next to him says, “Before you tell that joke, Cowboy, I think it is only fair, given that you are blind, that you should know five things: 1. The bartender is a blonde girl with a baseball bat. 2. The bouncer is a blonde girl. 3. I'm a 6-foot tall, 175-pound blonde woman with a black belt in karate. 4. The woman sitting next to me is blonde and a professional weight lifter. 5. The lady to your right is blonde and a professional wrestler. Now, think about it seriously, Cowboy. Do you still wanna tell that blonde joke?”   The blind cowboy thinks for a second, shakes his head and mutters, 'No... not if I'm gonna have to explain it five times....'
A horse walks into a bar and orders a pint. The barkeeper says "you're in here pretty often. Think you might be an alcoholic?", to which the horse says "I don't think I am.", and vanishes from existence.  See, the joke is about Descartes' famous philosophy of 'I think therefor I am", but to explain that part before the rest of the joke would be to put Descartes before the horse.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says, " sorry but we dont serve food here."
A rabbi, a priest and a minister walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says, "What is this, a joke?"
One does not simply walk into Mordor... You gotta take like an uber or something.
A boy and his cat walk into a brothel. There was this little 10 year old boy walking down the sidewalk dragging a flattened cat on a string behind him. He walked up to a whore house and knocked on the door.   When the Madam answered, she saw the little boy and asked what he wanted. He said, "I want to have sex with one of the women inside. I have the money and I'm not leaving until I do." The Madam figured, why not, so she told him to come in.   Once in, she told him to pick any of the girls he liked. He asked, "Do any of the girls have any diseases?" Of course, the Madam said no. He said,"I heard all the men talking about having to get shots after making it with Amber. THAT'S the girl I want!"   Since the little boy was so adamant and had the money to pay for it, the Madam told him to go to the first room on the right. He headed down the hall dragging the squashed cat behind him. Ten minutes later he came back, still dragging the cat, paid the Madam, and headed out the door.   The Madam stopped him and asked, "Why did you pick the only girl in the place with a disease, instead of one of the others?"   He said, "Well, if you must know, tonight when I get home, my parents are going out to a restaurant to eat, leaving me at home with my baby-sitter. After they leave, my baby-sitter will have sex with me because she just happens to be very fond of little boys. She will get the disease that I just caught. When Mom and Dad get back, Dad will take the baby-sitter home. On the way, he'll jump the baby-sitter's bones, and he'll catch the disease. Then when Dad gets home from the baby-sitters, he and Mom will go to bed and have sex, and Mom will catch it. In the morning when Dad goes to work, the Milkman will deliver the milk, have a quickie with Mom and catch the disease, because that damn milkman is the son-of-a-bitch who ran over my cat!"
/u/JokeExplainBot walks into a bar and dies
A man walks into a bar. A man walks into a bar in Alabama and orders a cosmopolitan.  The bartender looks at the man and says,   "You're not from 'round here are ya?"   "No" replies the man, "I'm from New Hampshire."   The bartender looks at him and says, "Well what do you do in New Hampshire?"   "I'm a taxidermist," says the man. The bartender looks bewildered, so the man explains, "I mount dead animals."   The bartender stands back and hollers to the whole bar, "It's OK, boys! He's one of us!"
A man walks into a bar.   He sits down and orders a beer from the bartender.  She asks. "Are you ok!? What happened to your face?"  The man replies, "I just walked into a bar."  "I can see that." She answers. "But what happened to your face?" 
A dung beetle walks into a bar. He says, "Is this stool taken?"
A drunk man walks into a bar Then a stool, then a table...
A sandwich walks into a bar The bartender says, "sorry, we don't serve food here."
Man walks into a rod He doesn't understand comedy
2 scientists walk into a bar the first one says: I´ll have a glass of H2O...  the second one says: i´ll have a glass of water too.... Wh... why did you say H2O ? Is there any reason to use the chemical formular outside the lab ?Doesn`t this just over-complicate things for no reason ? I really don´t think that was very smart...  the first scientists stares at  his drink, angry, that his assassination plan has failed...
guy walks into a bar with a .44 magnum and yells "who the fuck fucked my wife!". Everybody's silent for a second, then a guy in the back of the bar says "you haven't got enough bullets mate" 
So an Irish guy walks into a Scottish doctor's office The Irish guys says "Doc, I'm feelin' ill" Doctor hands the Irishman a cup and says "All right, piss in the cup" The Irishman says "Go shit in yer hat!" and the fight was on.
A horse walks into a a bar The bartender says "Why the long face?"  The horse replies "My alcoholism is destroying my family"  I'm here all week folks
A blind man walks into a bar. His guide dog is a bitch.
A Texan walks into a pharmacy and wanders up and down the aisles The salesgirl notices him and asks him if she can help him. He answers that he is looking for a box of tampons for his wife. She directs him down the correct aisle. A few minutes later, he deposits a huge bag of cotton balls and a ball of string on the counter. She says, confused, "Sir, I thought you were looking for tampons for your wife?" The Texan answers, "You see, it's like this. Yesterday, I sent my wife to the store to get me a carton of cigarettes and she came home with a tin of tobacco and some rolling paper. So, hell, I figure that if I have to roll my own, so can she!"
A South African actor walks into his managers office (original joke) Looking for a job. His manager thinks about it and says "we only have one role available at the moment, it's a short film about segregation"  The actor replies "great, that sounds like a-part-heid take"
A man walks into a pub and orders three pints A man walks into a pub alone and orders three pints. The barkeep looks at him oddly and tells him "You know a pint starts to go flat as soon as it's poured."  The man nods and replies "Of course, but me and my two college mates used to go out drinking together all the time. The last time before we split off, we promised to drink a pint for each of us when we go out drinking."  The barkeep, touched by this, pours the man his three pints. The man became a regular at the pub, and true to his story, every time he came in he'd start with three pints.  One day the man came in and only ordered two pints. When the barkeep brought them to the man he said "My condolences for your loss."  The man looked confused for a moment, then laughed, "Oh no, I just quit drinking!"
A man walks into a bar and sees a jar of coins The man asks the bartender what the jar of coins is for. The bartender tells the man that they have a horse in the stable out back, and if the man can make the horse laugh, he gets to keep the jar of coins which is full to the brim, but has to pay $1 for every attempt at making the horse laugh. The man decides to have a go and sure enough, leaves the stable with the horse laughing hysterically. He finishes his drink and takes the jar home with him.  Fast forward a couple months, the man enters the bar again to see that the jar is full. He asks the bartender if he can have another go at making the horse laugh. The bartender says he can, but this time he has to make the horse cry. Again, the man enters the stable, and upon leaving, the bartender notices that the horse is crying. As the man picks up the jar of coins, the bartender asks - "So how did you do it? No one has ever managed to achieve it!"  The man replies:  "Well you see, the first time i told the horse my penis was bigger than his"  "The second time, I showed him."
A dyslectic man walks into a bra... The end. 
A dog walks into a bar... Bartender nods and says, "Hey dog, haven't seen you in a while, how are things going?"     Dog looks at him sadly and replies, "Ruff."
A Pirate walks into a bar A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel coming out of his pants.  Squid asks him "hey, what's that steering wheel all about?" Pirate says back:  "Arg, it drives me nuts"  ﻿
An S.S. Officer walks into a bar He sits down and orders some sausages.  As he's eating his meal the bartender asks him how it is.  The officer looks up and says, "You know, zese sausages are untercooked, like ze Jewish community in zis neighberhood"
Three man walk into a bar Unfortunately it was an iron bar. 
A set of jumper cables walks into a pub...... And the barman says, "You can come in here mate but don't start anything! "
A man walks into a coffee shop... A man walks into a coffee shop and orders a large coffee, blue sweetener on the side.  "On the side?" asks the cashier.  "Yeah" said the man. "You know, separate but Equal."
[Sponsored] A man walks into a bar... But first, a word from Budweiser...
Guy walks into an emergency room with a pain in his butt. So a guy walks into an emergency room complaining about a pain in his ass. A nurse takes him into a room, checks his ass out, and notices a bunch of miniature horse figures shoved up his asshole. Not the worst she's seen, takes them out and gives the guy some pain meds. A moment later the doctor walks in and asks what's wrong with the patient. Nurse says " don't worry doctor he's stable"
3 dyslexic mods walk into a bra... [deteled]
3 Men Walk Into a Bar One of them should've noticed.  (credit to my brother)
A family walks into a hotel... NSFW A family walks into a hotel and the father goes to the front desk and says "I hope the porn is disabled." The guy at the desk replies. "It's just regular porn you sick fuck."
St Peter walks into a bar "Alright Pete!" the bartender shouts, "not seen you in a bar joke for a while, how's things?"  "Meh, boring," St Peter replies, "Just get me a juice, not sticking round for long."  The bartender pours out the juice as St Peter continues, "Just been boring manning the pearly gates to be honest. Been making up rules for my own amusement. Just trying to hear some funny stories really. Heard one about a guy being stuck in a fridge, and one time this idiot drilled holes into a chair and farted, can you believe that?"  "Sounds good," the bartender replies, "here's your juice. Been boring here really. Battling depression. My mate Dave came in the other week, that was a nice surprise. You know who Dave is right?"  "Of course, everyone knows Dave."  "Yeah, well anyway, found a genie that gave me a 12 inch pianist, a man came in and had sex with the alligator I keep round back for some reason and to top it off, a bishop came in and walked STRAIGHT into my bar. Can you believe that?"  "Sounds shite mate, here I'll cheer you up. Watch this bit of magic." So St Peter waves his hands as a blue aura surrounds two of the bartenders finest drinks. He moves them to the top of the bar, swings them round, elevates two glasses and pours out drinks. He then lowers the drinks and says, "What do you think?"  "Well," he bartender replied with a smirk, "You certainly raised my spirits!"
A man walks into a bar Ouch.
A termite walks into a bar and says.... "Is the bartender here?"
A C-string walks into a bar... A C-string walks into a bar and points to a char next to a float. "Can I join you?" he asks. The float replies "You're not my type" and orders a double.
A Pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel attached to his pants The bartender says "jeez mate that must be awkward" The pirate replies "Aargh it's drivin' me nuts!"
Chuck Norris walks into a bar... The bar says ouch.
A float walks into a bar See's someone very close to his type.  Must of been his double-ganger
The Samsung Galaxy S7 walks into a bar... But it isn't waterproof so it breaks. 
So a termite walks into a bar. He then proceeds to ask, "where's the bar tender"?  
A toothless termite walks into a bar and asks... "Is the bar tender here?"
Two bears and three bears walk into a bar..... They ask for oil price from 2015 through 2017.
*Eminem walks into a bar with his daughter* Daughter : Two shots, please.  Eminem  : You only get one shot! 
A German and Japanese man walk into a B.A.R They didn't come home that night.
A vampire walks into a blood bar with a big smile on his face.... The bartender looks at him confused and the vampire says, "Always B positive!"
René Descartes walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Would you like a beer?” Descartes replies, “I think not,” and promptly disappears.
Two lying, click-bait advertisers walk into a bar. You'll never believe what happens next!
Snake walks into a bar... Bartender says "How'd you do that?"
A guy walks into a bar... And disses lexy...  He has dyslexia
A dyslexic man walks into a bra... Ba dum tss.
A guy walks into a bar... Ouch
A man walks into a bar and sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling The guy asks, "What's this about?" The bartender replies, "Well, if you can jump up and slap the meat, you get free drinks for the rest of the night. If you miss, you pay for everyone's drink for the next hour. You wanna do it?" The guy replies, "Nah the steaks are too high".
A man walks into a bar with a 3 gallon bucket... He asks the bartender if he could fill it up with beer. The bartender says "sure" and fills it up. The guy pays for it and leaves. 20 minutes later the guy comes back with the same bucket and asks the bartender if he'll fill it up again. The bartender says "sure but if you don't mind me asking what are you doing with all this beer?" The guy says "well it's a really hot day and I wanted to give my mule a treat." The bartender says "you know that's a real humane thing to do. Just for that you can have a drink on the house." The guy says "no thanks. I never drink and drive."
A nun walks into a bar She says to the bartender, "I'll have a gin and tonic.  But I have no cash.  May I pay you in bus tokens?" The bartender says "Sure!  I don't have a car, so bus tokens are as good as cash.  But why do you have so many bus tokens, may I ask?" So the nun rips off her habit and says "HAHA! I'm really the bus driver!"
A Pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel jammed in the front of his pants, and asks the bartender for a drink. The bartender says "Sure, but what's with the steering wheel in your pants?" The Pirate gives him a serious look and says " Arrgh, It's driving me nuts!"
Duck walks into a drugstore, asks for some Chap Stick. Guy behind the counter says "That'll be fifty-nine cents"    Duck says "Put it on my bill.'  Next day, duck walks into a drugstore again.  Asks for a package of condoms.  Guy behind the counter says "That's three bucks; you want I should put them on your bill?"  Duck says "Sorry, I'm not that kind of duck" 
A Man Walks Into A Bar He orders a Scotch from the guy behind the bar. The bar man watches him as he drinks it and then the man opens his suit jacket and looks in his inside pocket at something. He says to the bar man, " Same again...make it a double.."   He quickly downs it and again, he peeks into his pocket in his jacket.   This happens three or four times, each time the barman looks at him doing the same thing.  By the time he orders his fifth Whisky, the guy serving him drinks is wondering why the hell he keeps doing this and curiosity gets the better of him.  " Hey buddy, you can have this one for free if you tell me one thing.."  The man thinks for a split second and says " Sure, what do you want to know ? "  " Why do you keep looking in your jacket pocket every time you finish your drink, what have you got in there? "  The man smiles, picks up his drink and says ..." There is a picture of my wife in the pocket here...when she starts to look pretty, I know I'm drunk and it's time to go home ! "
Two young men walk into a bar I dont know what happened then I was outside
A homeless person walks into a Wells Fargo to take a piss.... Comes out with 5 credits cards and a mortgage loan but goes to sleep hungry under bridge. 
"A snake walks into a bar" began my friend "Snakes don't fucking walk, Kevin!"
Three men walk into a car part store... “I need taillights for a Mustang” the first one says. “What year?” the employee asks. “2015” he answers. “There you go”, the worker hands in the parts. The second guy goes to the counter, saying “I need a steering wheel for a Mustang”. “What year?” “1997” he answers. “There you go”. After he payed, the third guy comes to the counter. “I need rear suspensions for a Mustang”. “There you go”.
A Man Walks into a Pharmacy... A man walks into a Pharmacy. He's suffering from a priapism and looking for relief. He talks to the Pharmacist and says, "I have a priapism, what can you give me for it?" The Phramacist considers his question and walks into the back for a few minutes. Upon returning, she says, "I can give you half controlling interest of this Pharmacy and all of the lube and cream you'd need to service my sister and I."
A German health inspector walks into a bar while playing Pokemon GO He asks to see under the floorboards.  The bartender replies, "Why?"  The German health inspector replies, "Wynaut?"
Mod walks into r/jokes Sees multiple reposts, and walks back out.
An English man, a Scottish man, and an Irish man walk into a bar the English man orders a beer, and the bartender returns with it. The Englishman looks in the glass and says, "Excuse me bartender, there's a fly in my beer. Would you please exchange it? Chip chop Cheerio." The Scottish man takes the beer, says, "Screw it," throws the fly out and drinks the beer. The Irish man, face red and shaking with rage, picks the fly up and shakes it by its tiny wings and says, "SPIT IT OUT YE DAMN ASSHOLE!"
A guy walks into a bar.. A guy walks into a bar, a pole, letter box and a wall he then puts his phone away.
A man walks into hospital "What's with Jane ?"  "It doesn't look good"  "Yeah, I know, I'm asking about her health"
A man walks into a bar... And sees his friend overlooking a small midget playing the piano beautifully. He says to his friend, "Who is this guy?"  "He's mine person pianist" his friend replies.  "Well, how did you come across him?" the man asks.  His friend pulls out a bottle and tells him to rub it and make a wish. He rubs the bottle, and a puff of smoke pops out and tells him that he can have one wish. So the man thinks and says, "I wish I had a million bucks."  The genie says, "OK, go outside, and your wish will be granted." The man goes outside, but all he finds are ducks filling the sky and roads. He goes back in and tells his friend what happened, and his friend replies, "I know. Did you really think I wanted a 12-inch pianist?"
A man walks into a bar... Ouch
The Past, Present, and Future walk into a bar... ...it was tense.
A woman walks into a vet with her duck It's being dragged behind her, evidently dead. She opens the door to an examining room and says "I think my duck might be dead, doctor!" The doctor says "well ma'am, let me take a look". So the doctor takes the duck and gently places it on the examining table. After a few quick checks, he says "I'm sorry ma'am, your duck is dead".  "That's impossible!" She proclaims. "I want a second opinion!" So the doctor brings in a dog to confirm the finding. The dog sniffs the duck for a short while, then leaves the room. The doctor says "I'm sorry ma'am, the dog concurs". She is visibly upset now. She fights back tears and says "are you absolutely sure, doctor?" The doctor says "well, we can check once more".  So the doctor brings in a cat. The cat places its paws on the duck, pushes it a little, then walks out of the room, confirming that the duck is indeed dead. The woman, still clinging on to hope, says "oh my, are you absolutely *certain*, doctor?" The doctor replies "yes ma'am, it was confirmed by myself, the lab results, and the cat scan".
A Cherokee community leader walks into a bar A Cherokee community leader, short stature, rather dark skin, enters the bar and saddles up. He seems frustrated, and pulls his wallet which has a money clip and slams it on the bar. The bartender approaches and notices his fat wad of cash. The man tells the bartender before being asked, "get me a glass of wine."  The bartender says, "I can get you whatever you wish! What do you prefer?"  The man thinks and says, "Guess something dry and red." The man scratches his ankle and groans, while the bartender goes to the back and pours the finest Shiraz they have in stock. The man sniffs the glass, swirls it around, and takes a taste.  The bartender asks, "Well, what do you think?"  "Well, I was hoping for bigger legs."
What do you call a guy who walks into a bar? A headbanger 
A dick walks into a bar… The bartender says, "Why the shlong face?" 
A horse walks into a bar... ... and the bartender asks if he's an alcoholic, considering all the bars he frequents.   The horse responds "I think not." And POOF the horse disappears.   At this point, all the philosophy students begin to chuckle, as they are familiar with the adage "cogito ergo sum" or "I think, therefore I am."   I probably should have explained this first, but doing so would have been putting Descartes before the horse. 
A man walks into a bar with an octopus... He says: "I'll bet you 50 bucks my octopus can play any instrument!"   The bartender takes the bet and hands an octopus a guitar. The octopus plays the guitar like Jimi Hendrix.   Then a barmaid comes over with a trumpet and the octopus plays the trumpet.   Then a waitress comes over with a set a bagpipes. The octopus fiddles with it for a few seconds and puts it down.   The bartender yells: "HA! Can't play it?"   The octopus says: "Play it!? Once I get the stupid plaid pajamas off I'm gonna fuck it."
A saxophone player, a horny old man and a Southerner walk into a bar The bartender says,"Hey Mr. Clinton! Whaddya like?"
A blind man walks into a bar "Ow"
Two redditors walk into a basement.. Just kidding, they already live there.
Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a martini. The bartender asks, "Olive or twist?" 
A man walks into a bar... He sits down to have a pint and notices lumps of meat hanging above the bar.  He asks the barman, "What's with the meat hanging here?"  The barman explains... "Well if you can jump up and hit the meat, you get a free drink, but if you miss, you have to buy everyone a round. What do you say?"  The man say, "Hmm no, the steaks are too high."
A guy walks into a bar He says ouch
Descartes walks into a bar. The bartender asks if he wants a drink.  "I think not", Descartes says. And then he disappears.
Two NSA agents walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Hello gentlemen, first time here?"  The agents reply, "Yes it is."  The bartender says, "Great! Would you like to hear our specials?"  The agents go, "No need, we heard them earlier."
A warthog walks into a bar The bartender says "what would you like to drink Mr President?"
Juan Pablo Robato walks into a pet store Juan Pablo goes to the front counter.  "Hola, my name is Juan Pablo Robato, and I am here to buy a pet. What kinds of animals do you sell here?"  "Well, we mostly sell dogs, or doggos as the kids on the internet say."  "Do you sell gatos?" Juan Pablo inquired.  "Yes we sell cats, put like I said, mostly dogs."  "Are there any other animals for sale?"  "No, we only have dogs and cats here."  Juan Pablo replied "So you're telling me, if I wanted to buy a pet here, I'd have to buy a- "  "Doggo or a gato, Mr. Robato."  "Ah. I see."
A pirate captain walks into a bar...   ...with a peg leg, a steering wheel hanging from his pants, and a parrot on his shoulder.   Bartender: "Excuse me Captain, but you have a steering wheel hanging from your pants!"   Pirate: "Arrrrr, I know. It's driving me nuts."
A blind man walks into a bar... And a table...and a chair...and the waiter...
A failed tv presenter, a disgraced newspaper editor and a phone hacker walk into a bar.... ..and the barman says "What'll it be, Piers?" 
a law student walks into a bar And says "I should've prepared for this"
A guy walks into a bar. While walking in, he notices a glass of beer on the roof. Not paying much attention to it, he goes up to the bartender and says:  "So I read on the sign post outside that the first drink is free."  To which the bartender replies: "Yeah, first one's on the house."
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and sees 3 raw steaks hanging from the ceiling at varying elevations. He asks the bartender what it's about, and the bartender says, "Oh, it's our new deal. If you can jump up and touch each piece of meat without missing, you get free drinks for the rest of the night. If you miss, you have to pay for everyone's drinks for the next hour. Wanna try?" The man replies, "Nah... The steaks are too high"
hungover mexican walks into a mosque... Gets on his knees on a blanket. And starts praying...  Allah Allah Allah  Allah verga guey! I was all fucked up.  (You member were i got this from. You member)
A Russian fresh off the boat walks into a Bar He is carrying a bucket of shit,a dead cat and he has a pistol in his waist.He walks up to the bar and takes a seat.with a thick Russian accent he says to the Bartender " Give me a beer".the bartender does.The Russian slammed the beer back,than he pulls the pistol and puts one round into the bucket of shit and than takes a bite out of the dead cat.This goes on three more times till finally the Bartender says" what are you doing" the Russian replies"I'm doing like all GREAT AMERICANS DO,DRINK BEER,SHOOT SHIT AND EAT PUSSY!!"
Helen Keller walks into a bar... And a table. And some chairs.
A horse walks into a bar A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says, "why the long face?"
A man walks into the room where his wife is in with a sheep under his arm. The man looks at his wife and says "this is the pig I have sex with when you're not around". The man's wife replies "I'll think you'll find that's a sheep" to which he replies "I was talking to the sheep".
A man walks into a bar... "A man walks into a bar and the bartender says"... ..."Stop speaking in third person Jaqen"
A compulsive liar walks into a doctor's office claiming to be constipated... The doctor tells him he's full of shit.
So a piece of string walks into a bar after a really hard day at work He sits down and says, "bartender I've had a really hard day. I need a drink" And the bartender says, "what? You're a string I can't serve you!" So the string walks out and then he gets an idea. He ties himself in a knot and undoes and messes up his ends. Then he goes back in and the bartender says, "hey aren't you that string that just came left?" To which he responds, "nope, I'm a frayed knot!"
A teenager walks into a library. He asks the librarian, "Where can I find a book on how to kill myself?"   The librarian retorts, "Fuck off, you won't bring it back!" 
A guy walks into a bar with a gun A guy walks into a bar with a gun and shouts "Which one of you fuckers is reposting jokes on r/jokes?"   A voice from the back called out "I don't think you have enough bullets m8."
The president of EA walks into a bar For $2 you can download the punchline
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first one orders one beer. The second one orders half a beer. The third one orders a quarter, and the fourth orders one eighth.  The bartender puts one beer on the table and says: "The rest of you, get out of here! We don't serve fractions here!"
A neutron walks into a bar... A neutron walks into a bar and asks, "How much for a drink?" The bartender replies, "For you? No charge."
A horse walks into a bar And the bar tender says "why the long face?" The horse replies "my wife just died of cancer."
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar and he sees this sad guy sitting there, so he decides to cheer him up.  He goes and sits down, asks him what is troubling him. The guy replies "I lost my third wife"  Nice guy responds "Damn man that's horrible, if you dont mind me asking, what happened to the first wife?"  "She ate poison mushrooms"  Nice guy is shocked he says "Damn man that's horrible, I have to ask, what happened to the second wife?"  "She ate poison mushrooms too"  Now he's shocked "That's horrible! I have to know, what happened to your third wife?"  "She got butchered by an axe"  Now the nice guy is curious and he has to ask "How did that happen?"  "She didn't want to eat the poison mushrooms"  (I searched but this joke has never been told properly before so I hope you guys like it)
A gold digger walks into a bar They didn't let him in because miners are not allowed.
A Pokemon go user walks into a bar Because he was too busy looking at his phone to notice it
A pirate walks into a bar He has a ship's wheel in his pants. The bartender asks "Why do you have a ship's wheel in your pants?"  The pirate replies "I don't know, but it's drivin' me nuts"
Man walks into a bar Says to the bartender "let me get a bottle of anything that's not vodka."  Bartender says "why not vodka?"   Man replies "well I drank a whole bottle of that last night and blew chunks."  Bartender says "drink a whole bottle of anything and you'll throw up."  Man says "no you don't understand, chunks is my dog."
A man walks into a bar Ouch      -badumtiss-
John walks into a bar John walks into a bar and sits at the counter.   The bartender asks him   "what would you like?" Before John can reply a well built man sitting next to him says   "Get the 'special' shot, it makes you fly!" "Yeah right, a shot that makes you fly."  John replies.  "If it makes you fly why don't you prove it"  So the man asks the bartender for one 'special' shot.  The bartender slides it down the counter and the man slams it.  "Watch this"  The man goes up the stairs to the second floor and jumps out the window.  Right before he hits the ground he hovers in place and lands softly on his feet.  "Told you!" "That's crazy!  Let me get on of those shots!"  John slams the shot and hustles up to the second floor, jumps out the window and SMASHES into the ground.  The bartender looks at the man and says   "You're a dick when you're drunk, Superman"  
F(x) walks into a bar the bartender looks at him and says "Sorry we don't cater for functions"
Two jumper cables walk into a bar.. The bartender says "I'm gonna serve you guys, but you have to promise not to start something".
So a man walks into a bar... Ouch.
A man and a joke walk into a bar Bartender : "Oh no, you're not coming again to this place. Your tab is way over and people are sick and tired of your jokes."  Man : "Oh please dude, gimme one last chance."  Bartender : "That's what you say every time."  Man : "Come on man, don't deny a man his honest way of living."  Bartender : " Ok, this is the last one. And out you go."  Man : "Thanks man. So here goes... A man and a joke walk into a bar "
Two guys walk into a bar... The first guy says get me a bottle of H2O, the second guy says get me a bottle of H2O too the second guy dies.
So a hydraulic jack walks into his family reunion. . . and says look at all these Pump kins!
A duck walks into a library... A duck walks into a library and stands in front of an understandably puzzled librarian. It quacks once. In a moment of inspiration, the librarian decided that the bird wishes to borrow a book so she places an appropriate volume under one of its wings. The duck waddles out.  The next day the duck returns and quacks twice at the librarian who gives it two books, one under each wing. The third day, the duck quacks thrice and the librarian gives it three books, one under each wing and one in its beak. The duck waddles. By this time, the librarian is becoming very curious about what the duck is doing with her library’s stock so when the duck returns the next day and quacks four times, she gives it three books as before and follows carrying the fourth book.  The bird waddles down the road and turns off into a wood. In a clearing there is a pond with all the library books strewn around the perimeter. On a lily pad in the middle of the pond sits a large bullfrog. The duck carefully sheds two of the tomes it is carrying and swims out with the third to the bullfrog who gives it a quick disdainful look.   “REDDIT”, he croaks. 
An atheist, a vegan and a CrossFitter walker walk into a bar I only know that because they told everyone within the first 2 minutes.
Myopic Scot walks into a bakery A short-sighted Scottish man to a baker "Is that a doughnut or a meringue?"  The Baker replies "You're right - that's a doughnut mate"
Guy walks into a bar and orders 5 shots Guy walks into a bar and orders 5 shots. Bartender brings them over.  He slams them one after another then orders 5 more.  The bartender  says "Wow you are really getting after it". The guy replies " You would drink like I'm drinking too if you had what I had"  The bartender, taken back says "Oh wow, Im sorry I didn't know.  May I ask what you have?" The guys says "75 cents". 
A guy walks into a lunatic asylum He starts yelling "I'm going to derivate you all!"   All the Napoleons and Theodor Roosevelts start to panic while one guy just starts laughing his ass off.   When asked why he's laughing he says:  "I'm e^x"
A Pervert, A Con Artist and a Fascist walk into a bar... ..The Bartender Says, "What'll it be Mr. President Trump?"
A termite walks into a bar And asks " Is the bartender here?"  Another termite looks up and says "It's pretty tough at this end mate!" 
3 guys walk into a bar And sit down at the counter.  The first guy buys the first round, 3 pints of larger and they drink them down quickly.  The second guy buys the second round, same again, and down the hatch they go.  The third guy orders himself a shot of vodka and puts it straight on his head, perfectly balanced.  5 minutes pass and the first guy realises that he's going to have to buy the next round, so he orders it in. They drink that and the second guy orders another round. As they finish that the third guy orders himself another shot and puts it ontop of the other on his head, perfectly balanced.  This happens another 2 or 3 times and by now the other 2 guys are curious and getting pissed off...  "What the hells going on, why arnt you buying any rounds?" The first guy says to the third guy, as he's carefully balancing the fifth shot on his head.  "What are you talking about mate, this one's on me!"
A boy walks into an ice cream parlor.... The kid strolls up the counter, and the employee asks the lad....  "What flavor would you like?"   He looks over the list of flavors, and after a brief moment he says...  "Chocolate!"   With a sad face, the employee looks down to the boy and says... "I'm sorry, we're all out lf chocolate." The boy seems unfazed by this, and looks at the flavors again, taking even longer, then he says... "I'll have chocolate!" The employee raises an eyebrow and says "I told you, we're all out of Chocolate." The child looks kver the list again, and declares "Chocolate." To which the employee responds, "We're out of Chocolate."   They go through this about five more times, until the employee speaks up. "Say, you're a smart lad, can you spell the 'Straw' in Strawberry?" He spells it out.  "Very good! Now, can you spell the 'Van' in vanilla?"  He spells it out.  "Now, can you spell the 'Fuck' in chocolate?"  The child looks confused, and after taking a moment to think states... "There is no 'Fuck' in chocolate."  The employee says "That's right. There's no fuckin' chocolate."
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar.  The first one walks up and orders a beer, the second orders half a beer, the third one wants 1/4 of a beer, and the next wants just 1/8th.  The bartender sees where this is going, and stops them before anyone else can order.  The bartender pours two beers, hands them over, and says "You guys should really know your limits".
A pirate walks into a bar The bartender says to him:   "Hey pirate, are you aware there's a steering wheel coming from your zipper?"  The pirate replies:  "AARRGHH matey, it's drivin' me nuts!"
Three vampires walk into a bar. The first asks for a pint of blood.  The second asks for blood on the rocks.  The third asks for hot water and as the bartender is about to ask why the vampire pulls out a used tampon and says "I'm just gonna have a tea."
A man walks into the hospital with a carrot up his nose... ...and a banana in his ear.  He is clearly distraught and asks the doctor what's wrong with him.   "It's simple," the doctor says.  "You're not eating right."
An African-American woman walks into a sandwich shop An African-American woman called Betty walks into a sandwich shop, and asks if they are serving pork sandwiches.   The man replies, "No Black Betty it's ham or lamb."
A guy walks into a bar, sits down and hears a small voice say, “You look nice today.” A few minutes later he again hears a small voice say, “That’s a nice shirt.” The guy asks the bartender, “Who is that?” The bartender replies, “Those are the peanuts. They’re complimentary!”
A man walks into a bar... Ow! Goddamnit! Motherfucker! That hurt!
A male feminist walks into a bar. . . Because it was set so low
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey… He orders a drink, and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything around the bar.  Then the monkey jumps onto the pool table and swallows a billiard ball. The bartender screams at the guy, "Your monkey just ate the cue ball off my pool table - whole!" "Sorry," replied the guy.  "He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I'll pay for everything." The man finishes his drink, pays and leaves. Two weeks later, he's in the bar with his pet monkey, again.  He orders a drink, and the monkey starts running around the bar.  The monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar.  He grabs it, sticks it up his ass, pulls it out and eats it. The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks. "Yeah," replies the guy.  "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures stuff first."
Hellen Keller walks into a bar Then a chair, then the table, then the wall...
scorpin and subzero walk into a bar the bar gets hot from scorpin and cold from subzero!! 
A mushroom walks into a bar and asks for a drink, but the barkeeper said, "Sorry, but we don't serve mushrooms here." The mushroom replies, "Why, I'm a fun guy!"
A vampire walks into a bar and asks for for a cup of boiling water The bartender says to the vampire dont vampiers drink blood? the vampire pulls out a used tampon and say yes im making tea! 
2016 walks into a bar and drinks all night At two the bartender calls for last call. 2016 say's, I'm not done yet.
An infinite amount of mathematicians walk into a bar The first orders one beer. The next one orders two, the next three, the next four, and so on. The bartender sees where this is going and says, "I cannot serve all of you a negative amount of beer..."
this orthopedist walks into the room and says to me... "Ive got a bone to pick with you"
A man walks into a bar... ...and orders a beer. The bartender says, "I tell you what, see those rib-eyes hanging from the ceiling?" The man shrugs and says "Yeah, what about'em?" The bartender then says, "If you can jump and touch one, I'll give you free drinks all night. But if you miss, you have to buy a round for everyone in here." The man thinks for a few seconds, then replies, "I don't like the odds...the steaks are too high."
Two guys are walking and one walks into a bar... The other one ducks 
A guy walks into a bar and see a large jar full of cash... Guy walks into a bar and sees a large jar full of cash. He asks the bartender  "What's all this money for?"  Bartender says  "I got this horse out back. If you can make it laugh, the money is all yours."  The guy goes out back and within a minute the bar is filled with a neighing laughter coming from the horse. Guy walks back into the bar, collects his money and leaves.  Two weeks later, same guy comes back to the same bar and sees the same jar full of money. He asks the bartender  "What's all this money for?"  Bartender says  "Ever since you made that horse laugh, that's all he's been doing. Make him stop and the money's all yours."  The guy goes out back and within a minute the bar becomes silent. Guy walks back into the bar, collects his money and is about to leave when the bartender asks him  "Hey wait, how did you get him to laugh in the first place?"  Guy responds  "Oh that's easy, I told him I have a bigger dick than him."  Bartender asks again  "Then how did you get him to stop?"  Guy goes   "I showed it to him."
A guy walks into an Orlando bar and orders everyone a shot... I can't remember the punch line but I heard it was a killer joke.
Two dicks walk into a bar They’re just the regular pissheads 
3 Germans walk into a BAR in 1943 None of them survive.
If you walk into a room of your preferred sex... ...and tell them you always cum first, no one is going to fuck you.  
NSFW. A man walks into a bar and sees a horse... He walks up to the horse and notices a sign around his neck and a bucket full of money on the floor.   "If you can make the horse laugh you get a bucket of money"  The man whispers in the horses ear and to the surprise of everyone in the bar, the horse laughs so hard he falls on the floor. The man gathers the money in the bucket and goes to sit down at the bar, but decides to leave to avoid all the questioning looks.  A few days later, the man walks back into the bar. He sees the horse, but this time he has a new sign around his neck.   "If you can make this horse cry you get a bucket of money"   The man takes the horse into the back of the bar and to everyone's dismay, they hear the horse sobbing inconsolably. A few moments later, the man and the horse return to the front of the bar. This time though the man sits down to have a beer. Expectedly, the bartender asks the man,  "You've come in here twice now and you've made the horse laugh and cry. How did you do it?"  The man responds, " We'll I told him that my dick was bigger than his"   "What?", Says the bartender. " How did you make him cry then?"  " I showed him. "
A Man Walks Into the Neigbourhood Bar He goes in and orders a drink for himself. He notices an attractive lady sitting by herself a couple tables away. Too attractive for someone of his own league, he thinks to himself.  Halfway through too many drinks though, he ends up plucking up enough courage and approaches her. "May I sit down", he asks.  "Sure", she responds, and they start chatting. Apparently she was as witty and good in conversation as she was attractive, and you know this is no blonde joke. Casual chat turns into drunken flirtation. It gets late and the lady asks if he would like to walk her home.  He does, and they head back to her place. They didn't waste a single moment once they were in and started going ferociously and passionately tearing each others' clothes off. She stopped him halfway and said "I have a strange request, but I promise to make it worth your while."  "You have to fuck me only with your big toe"  Now that indeed was a strange request, but the man was by now horny as a teenager without wifi and anyway what's there to lose? He agreed.  And make it worth his while she did. Hands down she pleasured him in ways he never imagined and he went home a happy man.  Later that week he goes for a medical checkup with his doctor at the usual clinic. The doctor does his usual mmms and uhuhs and finally hesitates and goes "well that's unusual".  "What? Don't leave me in suspense, Doc!"  "You have Syphilis on your big toe." said the doctor. "but don't worry, nothing we can't treat with antibiotics"  *No wonder* the lady made me fuck her with my big toe, thought the man. That's pretty decent of her actually. "Damn right that's strange", laughed the man, "I bet that's the weirdest thing you've come across in a while".  "Second weirdest actually," said the doctor, "just yesterday, a lady came in with Athletes vagina".
A leprechaun, a ancient ninja warrior, and a talking monkey walk into a bar... The bartender then tell them to read the sign that exclaims that the establishment would not take part in jokes. The three patrons then have to sadly leave as the bartender loses more and more business he become depressed. One day a talking dog and horse walking in and when they ask for drinks the bartender just give a emotionless glare at the sign as they go to leave a chicken walks in and sits down; the bartender continues starring at the sign the chicken gets mad a yells “now where is a guy supposed get his beak wet” the bartender points to the bar across the street. Realizing what he is to do yells “wait! tell them I’m taking the sign down” answering the age old question why did the chicken cross the road
An astronaut walks into a bar. The bartender says, "what brings you in today?"  The astronaut says, "well, I didn't *planet.* It's just that my wife - don't get me wrong, she's my whole *universe,* - has left a great big *crater* in my heart. I was *over the moon* when she and I got married, but recently she's been saying she wants some *space* and I don't know what I did wrong. It feels like there's a *big black hole* in my soul and I've just been *floating* from bar to bar trying to get *Buzzed. Aldrink* anything, I just wanna drink until I start seeing *stars.* on second thought, do you have any *Blue Moon?*"
An Athiest, a horse and a blind man walk into a bar Not all this screaming "who are you and how did you get into my house"
A dad and a son walk into the bar the kids 21st birthday. The son is only a head however. The dad places him on the bar and asks the bartender for 2 drinks. After the son finishes the first his torso magically appears. Astonished the dad asks for another round. The sons arms appear. Again and his legs appear until the son has all his limbs. The son is so estactic that he runs around the bar for the first time in his life until he falls and hits his head and dies. The bartender turns to the father and says “he should’ve stopped while he was a head.”
A pun, a play on words, and a limerick walk into a bar. **No joke.**
A man walks into a bar He slowly walks up to the bartender with a sullen look on his face and asks for the most expensive drink he's got. The bartender seeing the man is obviously in bad shape pours him drink after drink of his finest liquor and yet the mans demeanor doesn't change one bit. Finally the bottle of expensive liquor is done and yet the man asks for more. The bartender happy to oblige yet still curious as to his customers sour mood asks the man why he's so down in the dumps. The man responds saying "You'd be drinking like me if you had what I've got". The bartender being sympathetic towards the mans plight asks what disease he has. The man pulls out his wallet from his pocket and replies "I've only got one dollar"
A man walks into a bar with Harambe Bartender: What can I get you ?  Harambe: I'll have a beer.  Man: No, he'll have just ice.  Bartender: Just ice?  Man: Yes, justice for Harambe.
A guy walks into a bar with his dog. He goes up to the bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says "You can't bring that dog in here!"  The guy, without missing a beat, says "This is my seeing-eye dog."  "Oh man, " the bartender says, "I'm sorry, here, the first one's on me." The man takes his drink and goes to a table near the door.  Another guy walks into the bar with a Chihuahua. The first guys sees him, stops him and says "You can't bring that dog in here unless you tell him it's a seeing-eye dog."  The second man graciously thanks the first man and continues to the bar. He asks for a drink. The bartender says "Hey, you can't bring that dog in here!"  The second man replies "This is my seeing-eye dog."  The bartender says, "No, I don't think so. They do not give Chihuahuas as seeing-eye dogs."  The man pauses for a half-second and replies "What?!?! They gave me a Chihuahua?!?"  
A ghost walks into a bar... For the boos
Giraffe walks into a bar... ...says, " high balls are on me"
Scotsman, Englishman and an Irishman walk into a bar As soon as they sit down the barman asks: "Is this a joke?"
A ninja walks into a bar. The bartender says "What was th-"  Dead.
A mathematician walks into a pizza bar and orders one pi He receives two 
A black man walks into a bar... A black man walks into a noisy, crowded bar with a beautiful, multicolored parrot on his shoulder.  As soon as he steps in, all noise suddenly ceases and everyone turns to stare at him.  One man steps forward and asks, stunned: "Where did you get that?"  The bar is quiet, save the creaks of seats as everyone leans in to hear the answer.  "Go to Africa," the parrot responds, "there's millions of them."
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks "Why the long face?". The horse, incapable of understanding the human language promptly shits on the floor and leaves. 
A blind man walks into a bar and a table and a chair
Bill Gates walks into a bar and everyone inside becomes a millionaire... on average.
A horse walks into a bar. "What's wrong with you?" The bartender shouts to its owner.
A frog walks into a bank... ...and approaches the teller. He can see from her nameplate that her name is Patricia Whack.  "Miss Whack, I'd like to get a $30000 loan to take a holiday."  Patty looks at the frog in disbelief and asks his name. The frog says his name is Kermit Jagger, his dad is Mick Jagger, and that it's OK, he knows the bank manager. Patty explains that he will need to secure the loan with some collateral.  The frog says, "Sure. I have this," and produces a tiny porcelain elephant, about half an inch tall - bright pink and perfectly formed.  Very confused, Patty explains that she'll have to consult with the bank manager and disappears into a back office. She finds the manager and says, "There's a frog called Kermit Jagger out there who claims to know you and wants to borrow $30000, and he wants to use this as collateral."  She holds up the tiny pink elephant.  "I mean, what in the world is this?"  The bank manager looks back at her and says, "It's a knick-knack, Patty Whack, give the frog a loan. His old man's a Rolling Stone."
Stevie Wonder walks into a bar... Then a table, then a chair. 
A woman walks into a bar Oh, I just wanted to say "a woman walks into a bar" because the jokes always start with "a man walks into a bar".
This guy walks into a bar in Redneck county and orders a white wine. Everybody sitting around the bar looks up, surprised, and the bartender looks around and says: "You ain't from around here, are ya... where ya from, boy?"The guy says, "I"m from England."The bartender asks, "What th' hell you do in England?"The guy responds, "I"m a taxidermist."The bartender asks, "A taxidermist... now just what th' hell is a taxidermist?"The guy says "I mount animals."The bartender grins and shouts out to the whole bar, "It"s OK boys, he's one of us!"
A black guy walks into a convenience store... ...and he buys a box of paper towels. He goes to cash it out and it comes up to $2.99. He sees the nametag on the cashier's shirt says "Arnold."  "Hey Arnold, sorry, I've only got a $20 dollar bill for this, haha."  "No problem" Arnold replies as he rings him up. Arnold hands him a $5 dollar bill as change.  "I think the change should be $17.01, no?" He asks.  "No, you're mistaken," Arnold replies. "I'm Arnold Schwarzenegger". 
So two astronauts walk into a club on the moon... One says to the other, "Let's bounce, this place has no atmosphere"
A guy walks into a Kinkos and asks, "Do you have any colored printers?" To which the clerk responds, "It's 2016 man. You can use any printer you want."
Candlejack walks into a bar . . . . . . and he says 
So a guy walks into a bar one day... ...and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.  So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”   And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”  So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.  So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”  And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”  So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”  And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”  And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”  So the bartender is understandably ashamed.  And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.  And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”  And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”  But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”  And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”  And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”  And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”  And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”  So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”  And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.  And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”  And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”  And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”  And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”  And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”  And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!  And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”  And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”  And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”  And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”  And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.  And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.  And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”  And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”  And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”  And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”   And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.  And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.  And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”  And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”  And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”  And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.  So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.  So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”  And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.  And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”  And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”  And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.  And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”  And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.” 
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his crotch, and he sits down at the bar.  The bartender says "Sir, did you know you have a steering wheel on your crotch?"  The Pirate says "Yeah I know, it's drivin' me nuts"
A man walks into a bar He's an alcoholic and it's destroying his family
So a console gamer walks into a bar... Then it renders
Two strips of asphalt walk into a bar Two strips of asphalt walk into a bar and start talking about how tough they are: "Trucks can roll over me and I don't even flinch" etc.  Suddenly they both duck under the table when they see a green strip walk in.   After he's left they come back out and the barman says "What the hell was that? I though you guys were tough?"  They say "We are, but that guy's a fucking cycle-path."
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar... ... Just kidding 
A three legged dog walks into a bar... He pulls out a gun and says, " I'm lookin' for the man who shot my paw!" ��
A guy with a monkey walks into a bar... A guy with a monkey on his shoulder walks into a bar. No one really pays him any attention. He walks up to the bar and asks for a drink. The monkey gets off his shoulder and heads over to a pool table. The monkey picks up the cue ball and then eats it.   "You're going to have to pay for another cue ball," the bartender says.  "Relax," the man says, "I will return with it in a few days."  3 days later, the man comes back with his monkey and hands the bartender the cue ball. He then sits down and orders a drink. The monkey gets off his shoulder. It grabs a peanut, sticks it up its butt, and then eats it.  "Why did he do that?" the bartender asks.  The man replies, "He likes to measure things now beforehand."
Harambe walks into a bar Bartender: What can I get for you?  Harambe: Just ice for Harambe.  Bartender: Sorry, we're out of ice. Best I can give you is a shot.
A trans guy walks into the bar He passed.
A dyslexic man walks into.. .. A bra
A Duck and a Person Walks into a Bar The person hits his head, the duck didn't
A priest and a rabbi walk into a bar r/Jokes mods ban them for having different beliefs than them 
A family walks into a hotel... NSFW A family walks into a hotel and the father goes to the front desk and says "I hope the porn is disabled." The guy at the desk replies. "It's just regular porn you sick fuck."  ^^Sorry. ^^Copied ^^joke.
A man walks into a bar, orders a shot and immediately... A drunk walks into a bar, orders a shot and and immediately pukes all over his own shirt. "Wha' my gonna do now? My wifez gonna kill me."  "Relax," the bartender says, "give me a five-dollar bill." The bartender folds up the bill and puts it in the guy's shirt pocket. "Tell your wife some drunk puked on you and gave you five bucks to have your shirt cleaned."  "Thass a great idea!"  When the drunk gets home his wife answers the door. "Where have you been? What happened to your shirt?"  He tries to put on a sober voice and says, "Relaaax honey, some drunk guy puked on me and gave me five bucks to have my shirt cleaned."  The drunk's wife reaches in his pocket, grabs the money, and says, "There's $10 in here!"  "Oh yeah, he shit my pants, too."
A grasshopper walks into a bar So the bartender looks at him and says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!" To which the grasshopper replies, "You have  a drink named Steve?"
A man walks into the doctors A man walks into his doctor's office. His doctor tells him, "Your wife's results came back positive, however I can't remember if it was for AIDS or Alzheimer's."  The man replies, "That's not very helpful. It's quite important to know which one of the two it is! What should I do?"  The doctor replies, "How about you take her to the middle of the woods and leave her there. If she finds her way home, don't fuck her."
A drover walks into a pub... A drover walks into a pub and orders three beers. He drinks a sips of each in turn. When he finish he orders three more.  The bartender says, "You know, a beer goes flat after I pour it. They'd taste better if you bought one at a time".  The cattleman replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers overseas. When we left home, we promised we'd dring this way to remember the days when we drank together. So I drink one beer for each brother and of for myself."  The drover became a regular at the pub, always ordering three beers. One day he comes in and orders two. All the regulars take notice and fall silent.  The bartender says, "I don't want to intrude, but condolences for your loss".  The drover looks puzzled, then a light dawns in his eyes.  "Oh, no, everybody's just fine," he laughs. "It's just my wife and I joined the Salvation Army and I had to quit drinking. Hasn't affected my brothers though"
Ray Charles walks into a bar a table, steps on someones foot and stumbles over chair but eventually makes it to the piano with only minor leg injuries.
A guy walks into a bar and begins to tell a Polish joke. The bartender stops him and says "I'm Polish.  You see the guy over there - he's the owner of this bar and he's Polish.  You see these two big guys drinking beer beside you - they're Polish.  You still want to tell your joke?" The guy thinks about it and says "No, I don't want to tell it anymore. Nobody will get it."
An Irish pirate with a 12 inch wiener walks into a bar and the bartender says "I don't even know how to label you!"
A guy walks into a bar ... ... and gets a concussion. As he lives in a country without healthcare, he can't afford to support his family as a single father at the end of his luck, and receive treatment.   His condition degenerates until the point where after months of his 10 year old daughter taking care of him and skipping school to do so, he is rushed to the hospital. Knowing he only has moments left, he whispers to his daughter: "Dicks out for Harambe"
A man walks into a bar ... ... goes to the bartender and tells, "One thing I've learned after 21 years - you never know what is gonna come through that door" ...
Two hipsters walk into a bar Haha that's the punchline, it's actually a coffee shop.
One of my favorites: A woman walks into a club... ... looking for a someone to get off with. She spots a guy at the bar, who is already pretty wasted, but she's attracted and approaches to him.   They have a few more drinks and while they are waiting for a cab outside, thinking about whether they go to her or his place, it comes to her mind, it's that time of the month for her.   "Pah, he's so wasted, he won't bother anyway!"  Finally they go to his place, spend the night together and she leaves early in the morning without waking him up.   He wakes up later, having a killer hangover, headaches and the whole bed is full of blood.   "Oh Christ, what happened here?", he thinks.   "Oh wait, there was this woman, wasn't there? Did I kill her?"  He goes to the basement, checks the weapon storage. All weapons clean, ammunition's complete: "I didn't shoot her!"  He goes up to the kitchen, checks the kitchen knifes. Knifes complete, all clean: "I didn't stab her!"  "Oh man, I need a shower first"  He goes to the bathroom, takes a look in the mirror:  "Oh shit, I ate her!"
A man walks into an interview... "Hi, now before we start, what is your name"  "Its Hugh Mungus"  "I'm sorry, is that sexual harassment?"  "No, but have I told you how good I am at sex?"
A man walks into a bar He says 'meow'.
A man walks into a bar... And sees a tiny man playing the piano. He asked the bartender how he found this guy. The bartender tells him that there is a genie out back that will grant anyone's wishes. So the man goes to the genie and says "I wish for a million bucks". The genie snaps his fingers, and a million tiny ducks appear out of thin air. The man goes back to the bartender and exclaims "I asked for a million bucks, and the genie gave me a million ducks! What gives?" and the bartender looks at him and says   "Do you really think I wished for a 12 inch pianist?"
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants.  The man says, “Oh, just a beer”.  The bartender asked the man, “Whats wrong, why are you so down today?”.  The man said, “My wife and i got into a fight, and she said she wouldn't talk to me for a month”. The bartender said, “That's not all that bad, is it?"  The man said, “Well, the month is up tonight”.   
A man walks into a barber shop with a sign that says "Psychic Barber". Barber: Say no more, fam
Man walks into a bar where DMX is the bar tender and orders a double entendre... And X *gives it to him*
Doctor walks into his patient's room Doctor tells the patient, "you've got 6 months to live"  He hands the patient his bill, and the patient says "but doc I can't pay all this right now"  Doctor gives him 6 more months 
Yet another three logicians walk into a bar. Bartender: "Ah, more logicians. You guys drive me crazy. At least one of you is going to be answering 'I don't know' to at least one of my questions, right?"  1st logician: "Uh ..."
A man walks into a bar He suffered a minor concussion.
A guy walks into a bar.. A guy walks into a bar and sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling.  The guy asks, "What's this about?" The bartender replies, "Well if you can jump up and slap the meat, you get free drinks all night. If you miss, you pay for everyone's drinks for an hour. So you wanna try?"  The guy replies, "Naw, the steaks are too high."
Helen Keller walks into a bar Then a chair, then a table
Two Hydrogens walk into a bar and spot an Oxygen Feeling adventurous, they approach her and ask "Hey baby, can we interest you in a waterway?"
A man walks into a bar... and hears the bartender talking about the man's unfaithful wife. The man pulls out a gun and fires a round into the air, and screams "I have 5 more rounds, and I'm looking for the man who slept with my wife!" Out of the back of the room, his wife yells, "you're gone need more ammo!"
Two scientists walk into a bar. The first scientist says "I'll have h2o" The second scientist says "I'll have a water" The first scientist goes back home and rethinks his assassination plan. 
A student walks into class late... Teacher: "Why are you late?"  Student: "While I was coming, I saw a sign that said **School ahead. Slow down.**"
A man walks into a WMD control room... A man walks into a control room. There is a big red button labeled "Nuclear Launch Button." He walks up and presses it.  A display screen next to the button reads "Input password." There is a number panel below the screen. He searches around the room, and finds a locked desk. He jimmies it open, and rummages around through it. Inside there is sheet of paper which says "Nuclear launch password: 7831662"  He returns to the number panel, and punches in 7831662. The display screen says "Code confirmed. Press again to launch." He presses the button again. "Launching nuclear arsenal."  He stares at the screen in shock. "Aw shit.... I fucked up." 
Three presidents walk into a bar... The president of United States, United Kingdom and Russia. They drink a few beers and start talking about minimum wages in their countries.   The president of UK says:  -Here the minimum wage is 1700$ a month, 200$ goes to taxes, and on average around 700$ goes to rent. how they survive with the 800$ remaining? No fucking idea.   The president of US says:   -Well, the minimum wage in my country is 1200$, 150$ goes to taxes, and an average of 400$ for rent. How they survive with the 650$ remaining? I have no fucking idea.  Then the president of Russia looks at them with a confused face and goes:  -Really? Here the minimum wage is 110$, 15$ go to taxes, and the rent costs around 150$. How they get the extra 55$? I have no fucking idea...
A gorilla walks into a bar... And several people get up to leave seeing the possible danger of the situation.
A Basketball player walks into a bar... ...sits down and orders a club sandwich.  He eats the club, gets up, drools, spins around, pulls out a pistol and shoots the newly hired piano player and starts to run back home!  The bartender dumbfounded and angered that this is the third time this happens this week, "not this again, fucking pandas and koalas what's up with this ball player"  So he chases the player down and yells "Hey you just ate my club sandwich, drooled all over the place, spun around and shot my new piano player"  The player replies "hey I'm a basketball player look it up". The frustrated bartender pulls out a dictionary from behind the bar and looks up basketball player. The dictionary said " a man who dribbles spins and shoots and then heads home side"
A woman walks into the store to buy milk and eggs... When she checks out, the cashier looks at her and asks, "Hey are you single?"  "Um... yes," says the woman, puzzled.  "But how did you know?  Was it the milk...?"  "No, it's because you're ugly."
A termite walks into a club. 'Is the bar tender here?'
A man walks into a bar (reddit version) A man walks into a bar, sits and asks for a beer. The barman looks at him, and tries to start a conversation.  "What's your job, my fellow?" "I'm a comedian" says the man, looking down and avoiding the barman eyes.  "Absolutely fantastic! My costumers are always depressed and sad-looking, please, tell them a joke!" The man reluctantly starts telling a joke and, when he finishes, everyone laughs.  The couple of costumers who listened to his joke ask for another one, and so on, until a great number of people gather around him. Seeing what is happening, the barman says:"you are a great comedian! You could become famous!" The man immediately starts crying, amd no one can make him stop.  When he is able to talk again, the barman asks him:"Why did you start crying? I was serious, I was not joking!" The man, sobbing and weeping off the last tears, says:"Indeed I could, but every time I tell a joke and everybody laughs, that fucking ShittyJokeExplanationBot takes all the money and the popularity!"
A Pokemon Go user walks into a bar.... He was too busy looking at his phone to notice it.
A guy walks into a brothel... And tells the Madam that his wife hasn't done anything with him in months and that he's starving to get off. The madam kindly let's him know that all of the women are taken, but she leans in close and let's him know that if he's really starving for action that he can go in the far room in the back and that he'll find something that may satisfy him.   Perplexed and really itching for action, he goes through several dimly lit rooms until he sees a giant bed. Suddenly he hears a door open and a chicken falls out of the wall. As soon as he turns to leave, he hears the door latch behind him. Eager to get off, he thinks, "fuck it" and rolls up his sleeves.  After about an hour, the door unlocks and the man steps out, scratched, beaten and broken but finally relieved. He walks up to the front and tells the Madam that it's the best sex he's ever had and exclaims that he'll be back next week for more.  After the week goes by, the man comes back in, ready for more. He casually leans up to the counter and requests an hour with the chicken. The Madam let's him know that the chicken is currently taken but if he wanted to, he could go upstairs and go down the hall to the waiting area. The man agrees and goes into the room where a bunch of guys are jerking off over a window in the floor. He casually walks up and sees a full on orgy of beautiful women in the bed below. He leans to the guy next to him and whispers, "man this is great!"  The man leans over and whispers, "if you think this is great, last week there was a guy trying to fuck a chicken!"
Have you heard the string joke? A string walks into a bar and orders a beer... ...The bartender says, "I'm sorry, sir, we don't serve strings here". The string, without saying a word, walks outside where he proceeds to tie himself into knots and mess up his "hair". When he walks back in and asks for a beer the bartender says, "Aren't you the string that was just in here." "No, he answered, "I'm afraid not".
An atheist, a Crossfitter, and a vegan walk into a bar. I know because they posted it repeatedly on Facebook.
A guy walks into a candy store and tells a semi-funny joke... everybody Snickers. 
A moth walks into a podiatrist's office... A moth walks into a podiatrist's office.  The doctor asks, "What's the problem?" The moth replies, "Doc, let me tell you.  I hate my job.  Every single day I have to go &amp; I hate my boss and I hate my job.  I wake up every day next to a woman that I once loved, but I stopped loving her long ago.  Last year my youngest child died of pneumonia.  My other child...I no longer love him.  When I look into his eyes, all I see is the same hatred I see when I look in the mirror.  All I want to do is get my gun and kill myself, but I don't even have the guts to do that." The doctor says, "Those are some serious problems.  You need help.  But you need a psychiatrist.  Why in the world did you come into a podiatrist's office?"   And the moth says, "Because the light was on." 
A man walks into a zoo... The only animal in the zoo is a dog. It's a shitzu.
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad........ One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says “Oh just a beer”. The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong,why are you so down today?”. The man said “My wife and i got into a fight,and she said she would’nt talk to me for a month”. The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”? The man siad “Well the month is up tonight”.
A Frenchman, a German, and an Irishman walk into a bar They order a round of whiskey.   However, when the drinks arrive, there are flies at the bottom of each of the glasses.   The Frenchman, clearly disgusted, asks for another drink.   The German is thirsty, and decides to drink it anyway.   The Irishman reaches into the glass, pulls out the fly, and screams  "Spit it out. SPIT IT OUT!"       
Hellen Keller walks into a bar... Then a chair, then a table.
Two guys walk into a bar.. I thought the second guy would've ducked
A priest, a pedophile, and a rapist walk into a bar. He sits down and orders a drink.  
A man walks into a bar. Nickelback is on the stage in the bar doing a set.They are playing with the amps all up at 10, 10 being the highest due to not having an amp that goes to 11.The man tries to do sign language to the bartender for a double whisky.The bartender hands him some noise canceling headphones.Just then the set ends and the man asks , why the headphones? Oh sorry say's the bartender, it's just that these are all anyone has been asking for all night.
So a guy walks into a bar He walks up to the bartender and orders ten of the best top shelf whiskey shots the bartender has to offer. The bartender pours the shots and as soon as he sets them down the guy starts slamming them. The bartender say slow down man and the guy says if you had what I have you would be drinking fast too. The bartender says what do you have and the guy says about seventy five cents.
A man walks into a bar... So a man walks into a bar, and sits down. He starts a conversation with an old guy next to him.   The old guy has obviously had a few. He says to the man: "You see that dock out there? Built it myself, hand crafted each piece, and it's the best dock in town! But do they call me "McGregor the dock builder"? No! And you see that bridge over there? I built that, took me two months, through rain, sleet and scoarching weather, but do they call me "McGregor the bridge builder"? No! And you see that pier over there, I built that, best pier in the county! But do they call me "McGregor the pier builder"? No!"  The old guy looks around, makes sure that nobody is listening, and leans toward the man, and says: "but you fuck one sheep..."
A man walks into the pharmacists A man walks into the pharmacy and says to the girl behind the counter "Can I have 100 condoms please?"  "Sorry, Sir" she replies, "we only have 98."   "Well that's my weekend ruined!"
An otter walks into a bar. An otter walks into a bar.  He says to the barman 'A double whiskey please'. The barman says 'On the rocks?' The otter says 'No thanks mate, in a glass thanks'.
A man walks into a bar... "Ouch!"
A man walks into a restaurant and requests a table for one. The host explains that the restaurant has a dress code, and men at minimum need to be wearing a tie. The man says, "Okay." and walks back out to his car to see if he has a tie in his back seat from the work week. He's looking and looking and can't find one. He pops the trunk and even searches in there. He still can't find a tie but finds his jumper cables. So he puts the jumper cables around his neck and ties them in a Windsor knot and walks back inside. "So can I have a table now?" the man asks. The host replies, "Alright, sir, that'll work for tonight. But if I seat you, please don't try to start anything."
Two over-acheivers walk into a bar. Clearly the bar wasn't set high enough.
The United CEO, the Pepsi head of marketing, and Sean Spicer walk into a bar. The bar bursts into flames. 
Sean Spicer, United Airlines CEO and Pepsi's PR team walk into a bar... They're all getting fired, so drinking on a Tuesday is acceptable.
A man walks into a bar. "Owch! My head hurts!"
So these two ladies walk into a mortician's office. The first woman says to the mortician, "I've got my husband here in his very best blue suit, but what I'd really appreciate is if you could have him in a black suit for the funeral. Here's a blank check, use whatever you need, I just want him in a black suit." The mortician agrees and thanks the woman and the first woman leaves. Now the second woman comes in and says, "I know I've brought my husband wearing a black suit, but I've always really loved him in blue. Is there any way you can have him in a blue suit for his funeral?" The mortician assures her that it's not a problem and the second woman thanks her and leaves. A few days later the mortician shows up at the first man's funeral and his widow walks up and says, "Thank you so much for doing this. My husband looks wonderful in the black suit you found him." The mortician replies, "Of course, I was happy to do it. And here's your check back." "No, I really appreciate it and I want to pay you, just take whatever you need." "Oh no really, it didn't cost me anything. You see, right after you came in a woman showed up with her husband in a black suit and she wanted him wearing blue. So in the end all I had to do was switch the heads."
10, 27, 28, 30, 32 walk into a bar... 10 says "I'm drinking age, I swear!" The bartender says "Outlier!"
So a drunk man walks into Petsmart... Worker: Can I help you sir?  Man: Yes, I wanted to know why your store is called Petsmart. I took an IQ test with my dog, my fish, and my snake and none of them scored over 8. Obviously, pets can't be that smart.  Worker: The name of the store is a play on words. If you think of it Pet Smart, it's because your making smart choices for your pets. If you thi-  Man: I don't care anymore.  Worker: ...
two bears walk into a bar no one survived.
Man walks into a bar.... Why'd he ask for a glass of water Man walks into a bar, asks the bartender "may I have a glass of water please" the bartender complies. Before the man gets to drink the water, the bartender pulls out a gun and aims it at his head. The man who asked for the glass of water, says "thank you" &amp; walks out of the bar. Why did the man ask the bartender for a glass of water ? 
A gorilla walks into a bar and says "I'd like a toddler on the rocks, please"
A procrastinator and a depressed man walk into a bar... Depressed man: I'm driving straight off a bridge tonight.  Procrastinator: I've been telling myself that for weeks.
A bloke walks into a pet shop and places a bomb on the counter and says ” you’ve got one minute to get out” A tortoise in the back shouts ” you bastard!”
A man walks into his doctor’s office with an extreme pain in his backside Seeing his clearly in pain, the doctor asks him to bend over. After a few seconds the doctor exclaims, “You’ve got a piece of lettuce hanging out of your anus!”  Grimacing, the man said, “Doc- that’s just the tip of the iceberg!”
A blind man walks into a bar... And a table...  And a chair.
A man walks into a bank and pulls out a gun... "Give me everything in your vault!" The teller, obviously frightened, says "Ok sir just relax, I will get you whatever you wish, one moment please." The teller walks into the vault and returns with a very large and very heavy duffel bag, then hands it to the man. The man then opens the bag to find it is not full of money, but dictionaries. He then points the gun at the teller and says "What kind of trickery is this?!" The teller, not quite understanding the man's confusion, says "I don't know what you were expecting sir, this is a word bank"
A guy walks into a pub, sits down and orders a pint. After a minute, he stands on his chair and tells the pub the funniest joke he knows. The place is filled with silence and everyone carries on drinking.   After an hour, another man in the pub stands on his chair and tells the pub a joke. The place erupts! People are rolling around on the floor, unable to contain themselves. It's easily the best joke anyone here has ever heard. Everyone in the pub personally walks over to the man and shakes his hand. All, except for the guy who told the first joke...   "I don't understand", he says to the barman, "that was the exact same joke I told, but he just changed the names".  The barman shrugs and says, "Mate, you've walked into r/jokes. They love a good repost".
Prince T’Challa walks into a bar... ...and comes out with a beautiful woman, whom he took back to his royal palace at Wakanda’s heart.  After a night of wine, talk, and flirting in the candlelight, the sexual tension between the two became too obvious, too strong to let rest. Thus, as a master seducer, Prince T’Challa decided to take their relationship one step further.   She consented, of course. The Prince was very attractive, and she was not blind to the attraction they both felt for one another. Thus, arm in arm, the two ventured into the Prince’s bedroom, where a night of passion was destined to follow.  But as T’Challa pushed the woman onto the bed, her voice suddenly stopped him.   “Wait,” she hissed from atop the royal crib. “Although I am attracted to you, I do not wish to bear a child, not even yours.”  Prince T’Challa chuckled. He had prepared for this eventuality.   “Do not worry,” he said as he unzipped his pants. “I have Wakandoms.”
Two Chemist walk into a bar The first Chemist orders H20 the second one orders H2O too. The second one dies.
Horse walks into a bar and the bartender goes "What the fuck is a horse doing here"
A man walks into a bar ... and stays there my entire childhood.
One day a twelve year old walks into a house of ill-repute dragging a dead frog on a string behind him. He slaps a hundred dollar bill on the counter and says "I want one of your women."  The madam looks at him and says "Don't you think you're a bit young for that?" He slaps another  hundred on the counter and says "I want one of  your women."   The madam says "Okay, have a seat, she'll be down in about thirty minutes." He slaps another  hundred on the counter and says "She has to have active herpes." The madam starts to sputter and ask why, but he slaps another hundred on the  counter and says "Active herpes." She responds, "Okay, have a seat- it'll be about five minutes."   Two minutes later, a woman comes out, they go  upstairs (dragging this dead frog) and do their  deal...   As he's leaving, the madam asks him, "Okay, why did you want someone with active herpes?" The  twelve year old replies, "When I get home, I'm going to sleep with the baby-sitter, and when mom and dad get home, dad will take the baby-sitter  to her home and sleep with her on the way. Then, when he gets back, he and mom are going to go  upstairs and do it. And tomorrow morning after  dad goes to work, the milkman will come in and  mom will sleep with him, and he's the bastard  that ran over my frog. 
A duck wearing a shoe walks into a bar The bartender says "Hey Duck, I think you lost a shoe" says the duck: "No, I found one"
SD, Luna and 3000 illusions walk into a bar Thats it, that's the whole joke.   Dota players show yourselves.
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender asks what he would like to drink "Chardonaaaaaaaay, please" the horse says
A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat... ...soon thereafter, he is arrested for theft.
A three-legged dog walks into an old-timey saloon "I'm lookin' for the man who shot my Paw."         (I know it's old but I'm feeling really down and this joke cheers me up.)
An SEO Expert walks into a bar An SEO Expert walks into a bar, bars, beer garden, hangout, lounge, nightclub, mini bar, bar stool, tavern, pub, beer, wine, whiskey.
Two jumper cables walk into a bar. "Two whiskeys, neat," they say.  "I don't usually serve your kind," says the bartender.  "But tonight I'll make an exception.  Just don't start anything." 
A black man with a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar. "That's so cool" says the bartender, "where did you get it?"  "Africa" replies the parrot.
A man walks into that bar....  ...with a pig beside him, and carrying a cane to help him walk.  "This pig can count in French. Buy me a drink,  and I will proof it to you. " he says.   " We'll alright,"  the bartender answers, "show me! "   So the man asks the pig: "How much is 3+6?"  The pig answers immediately: "Neuf!"   Amazed, the bartender replies: "Well,  that's nice,  but can he do multiplication too?"   "Sure!" replies the man, and turning to the pig: "How much is 3x3?"  Immediately the pig answers: "Neuf!"  "He,  wait a moment!",  replies the bartender, "That isnt fair. The answer is nine everytime. Can he do other calculations too?"   "Sure", the man says,  "what question did you have in mind?"   "OK", replies the bartender, "How much is 4+4?"  The man takes his cane,  and with one sudden movement shoves it up the pigs bottom.   At which the pig screams "HHHUUIT !!!!"  Source: /u/LeanderT
A sexist man, a white supremacist, a sex offender, and a greedy rich man walk into a bar The bartender asks, "what would you like, Mr. President?"
A horse walks into a bar..... and asks the bartender - 'Is there such a thing as anthropomorphism?'
So a priest walks into a bar... Looks at the ugly walls,  and says to the bartender:  "My son,  you must repaint". 
A blind man walks into a bar. A chair. A table..
Two men walk into a bar in Louisiana. They were found dead the next day
Man walks into a bar and orders 6 shots of Jägermeister Man walks into a bar and orders 6 shots of Jägermeister.   The bartender looks at him and says "Wow 6 shots of Jäger! You must be celebrating something."   The man replies,"You bet I am! I am celebrating my first blow job."  "Hey congrats man!" says the Bartender "I'll get you a 7th shot on the house"  The man replies "No thank you. If 6 shots of Jäger doesn't get rid of this taste nothing will."
Guy walks into a bar, finds himself on the International Space Station. They set the bar too high.
A skeleton walks into a bar and says "I'll have a drink and a mop"
A bear walks into a bar the bartender said  "What would you like?"  and the bear said  "I want...            a beer please"  then the bartender said  "Why the big paws??"
Dyslexic man walks into a bra Whole joke in title! New era of convenience! In mother Russia, joke laughs at you!  ***Bonus***, since you came in here anyway:  Doc, I can't stop singing the 'Green Green Grass of Home'. He said: 'That sounds like Tom Jones syndrome'. 'Is it common?'I asked.  'It's not unusual' he replied.     
Set of jumper cables walks into a bar... The bartender looks them up and down really slow and says, OK, I'll serve you, but don't be starting anything.
A pirate walks into a bar... ...and he has a huge steering wheel from a ship, stuck in the front of his pants. He sits down at the bar (don't ask how) and demands a drink. The befuddled bartender quickly complies, and hands him the drink.   Finally, unable to contain himself any longer, the bartender says: "Um, i dont mean to be rude, but do you mind me asking about that... huge thing... i mean... doesn't it bother you?"  -"It's driving me nuts!"
A soldier walks into a bar and says he's out of money but he defended your freedom to sell beer so you should let him drink for free. Barman says ok lets see about that. Would you defend us if thousands of alligators came this way? Of course, with my life if needed!  Would you defend us against terrorists with napalm? No doubt.  Would you defend us against a drive by shooting? He turns up the thick wood tables and goes kind of crazy, yes like this I would.  Would you defend us against profiteers who start the wars? Hell no, they pay for half our equipment
A man walks into a gun store He walks up to the clerk and asks him to see the biggest gun they have.   "Well what are you shooting?" The clerk asked  "Cans"  "What the hell kind of cans are you shooting?"  "All sorts of cans! Mexi-cans, Afri-cans, Puerto Ri-cans!"
A pun walks into a bar, ten people die on the spot. Pun in, ten dead.
A man walks into a bar with a monkey on his shoulder He sits at the bar for a drink. His pet monkey hops off his shoulder and grabs a handful of peanuts and swallows them whole. He next grabs some pickled eggs and swallows them whole. He then hops onto the pool table and swallows a pool ball.  The bartender says what the hells wrong with him. The man replies he's alway done this anything he sees he'll swallow whole. After this exchange the man pays for his drink and leaves.   Two weeks later the man returns with his monkey on his shoulder. The monkey hops off his shoulder grabs a handful of peanuts shoves them up his ass then swallows them whole. He then grabs a cherry shoves it up his ass and swallows it whole.  The bartender is aghast by the monkeys behavior. He says to the man; That's fucking disgusting what the hell is wrong with your monkey!  The man replies; Well ever since he swallowed that pool ball he has to make sure it fits first.
An ant walks into a bar with his good friend Mister No, who is not an ant.  The bartender says, "I'm sorry. We only serve ants here."  The ant says, "But this is my good friend Mister No."  The bartender says, "Sorry, but I don't take No for an ant, sir." 
Two drunks walk into a bar. Then the sober guy behind them laughs and walks under it.     
So, a rope walks into a bar... ...and sits down to order a drink. He calls over the bartender and starts to order, but the bartender swiftly points to a sign on the wall behind the bar that says in big bold letters: "WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REFUSE SERVICE TO ROPES." The rope, rather startled, starts to haggle with the bartender: "Come on, man! It's been a long day, I just need to unwind with a nice drink. Can't you fix me up?"The bartender shakes his head and informs the rope that if he doesn't leave the bar, the bouncer will escort him out. The rope, not having any of it, continues to argue with the bartender, so the bartender calls over the bouncer and has the rope escorted out of the bar. The rope heads home, a little dejected, and decides to call it a night, hoping for better luck the next day.   So, the next day, the rope has a good day at work, and decides to take his buddies out for a round of drinking that night. They go to the same bar as before, and call over the bartender to order some drinks for the night. The bartender arrives and explains the bar's policy again: "No ropes allowed, no exceptions. Leave on your own accord or you will be assisted." The rope refuses to leave, protesting the bar's absurd policy against ropes, and is promptly forced out of the bar by the bouncer. His pals don't follow him out, and he heads home alone, thirsty and sad, now only looking forward to the late-night marathon of M\*A\*S\*H.   The next day, the rope meets back up with his friends at work, who bought him a cake to make up for his sorrows the night before. By the time he's through with work, the rope is completely revitalized and ready to take on the bar again. He heads back over, completely confident in himself, and sits down at the counter, calls over the bartender, and asks for the biggest, baddest beer in the house. The bartender, unamused and completely fed up with the rope, points to the 'no-ropes' sign, and explains to the rope: "You are not welcome here under any circumstances. I don't know what keeps leading you to believe that you can or will be served here, but you are wrong, and the bouncer will prove that to you if you don't leave right now." The rope adamantly refuses to leave the bar, so the bouncer takes him around back, behind the bar. After a few heavy blows to the rope, the bouncer throws him out into the street and tells him to get lost. The rope goes home and cries himself to sleep that night, questioning how a world so discriminatory against ropes could even come to exist.   The next day, the rope stays home and mopes around his place, not in the mood for anything at all. He stays miserable the entire day, and doesn't bother to do anything about his now-disheveled appearance. Evening rolls around, and the rope gets sick of his own home and sets out to the streets to have a night on the town. He passes by the same bar as before and decides to stop by, sitting down at the counter and calling over the bartender. The bartender, well aware of the rope's stubborn nature, immediately walks over, and says, "Oh, you again. The big, bad rope. Looks like my bouncer roughed you up pretty good! I bet you want something to drink tonight, huh?"  &amp;nbsp;  The rope chuckles and lets out a heavy sigh, and says "Actually, I'm a frayed knot."
Why did a pregnant lady walk into Jimmy Johns? They promised freaky fast delivery
A family walks into a hotel The father goes to the front desk and says "I hope the porn is disabled." The guy at the desk replies. "It's just regular porn you sick fuck."
A man in communist Poland walks into a store He asks the clerk "you probably don't have butter, do you?" The clerk responds "I'm sorry, we are the store without toilet paper, the one across the street is the one without butter"
A blind man walks into a bank. Suddenly, he grabs his guide dog by the leash and swings it around over his head. Someone shouts "Hey! What the hell are you doing!?" He replies "What? Can't a man have a look around?"
Two lawyers walk into a bar. The third one ducks.
Several Influential People Walk into a Bar Asian looking Bartender: g'day Mr.Trump, what will you have?  Donald: Excuse me, are you an American?   Bartender: Well, yes. I am. My mother and father migrated here in the 80's and I was born here.  Donald: *shugs sarcastically*  *somewhere a crowd stats cheering*  Bartender: Okaaaay... How 'bout you Hillary.  Hillary: "well instead of asking what I want, why don't we answer what the people want. Its all about the peop.."  Donald: "Because you'd be in jail..!"  Rodrigo Duterte (Philippine President): "Jail?! hell no! kill them all wirhout a trial!!! Son of a whore! You think the US and UN are so Great?!"  Jeff Daniels: "No, America is not the greatest country in the world anymore.."  Merkel: "shut your trap Rodrigo! The UN is the bestests-we'll hit you with sanctions so hard that.."  Putin: "I nuke the UN and all yourrr migrantz!"  Merkel: "gut gott nein.. Please save the migrants.."  Kim Jung Un: "Capitalist dogs! My country also has nukes that can hit target 50meters away! Tremble in fear!"  Putin: "have you make nuklear warr training ekxercises forr all citizens zyet?"  Kim: "that sound like good idea but how accomplish such great feat..?"  Putin: "you don't do anything! just announce to UN,  make them scarrred zshitt"   Merkel: "Please save the migrants.. Some are drowning at sea.."  Xi Jinping(Chinese President): "Aqua man is our leader and all the seas- China sea, Pacific sea, Atlantic sea belongs to the people's Republic!"  Duterte: "um.. hello boss.. want me to shine your shoes sir..?"  Nicolas Maduro (Venezuela President): Sir? please sir, I want some mohre.. my people are starving!  Jinping: "sorry nico, no more money for you. Rodrigo and me are new besties!!!"  Endrogan: "hey Merkel, let me join your UN club pretty please.."  Merkel: "Please save the migrants.."  UK: "see ya bitches!!! you can have your silly club i'm outta here! -Brexit!!!"  Bartender: "how about you Sir, you don't seem to care about world affairs.. What drink will you have?"  Obama: "I just saved the world from climate change. I don't care if the world goes to shit after my term is over! That's Hillary's problem. Gimme' a glass of water."  Bartender: "wait what...? how'd you know Hillary will win?"  Obama: "errm.. um.. hey look its France!"  France: "ban the hijab!!!"  ISIS: "yes, ban the hijab! We're getting slaughtered here! #femaleassassinsaretheworst"  UK: "SURPRISE!!! L-O-L you didn't really think we were leaving did you ol' chap? -Great BReturn!!!"
A son and his father walk into a store The son sees a display of loofahs and says   "Oh look dad, this must be where mom got those loofahs for us last week."  Father: "yup"  Son: "I feel kinda gay using it"  Father: "I feel a lot less gay now that I don't have to shove a bar of soap up my ass first thing every morning"
[nsfw] An old man walks into his doctors... ... and heads to the reception desk, and asks to see his GP.  "Certainly sir, but first tell me the problem so I can add it to the notes"  Loudly, he proclaims "It's my cock!"  "Sir please! There are women and children here! Please avoid using such language! Get out of here, and come back when you're ready to speak like a civilised human being..."  He leaves, thinks for a minute, then comes back again.  "Hello ma'am. I have a problem with my 'ear'" he says, winking.  "That's better sir. Now what's wrong with it?"  "It hurts when I piss out of it..."
James Bond walks into a bar... James Bond walks into a bar and sits next to a chicken.   Chicken: What's your name?  Bond: My name's Bond. James Bond.  Chicken: Nice to meet you, I'm Ken. Chick Ken.
A guy walks into his favorite Kosher Deli An Asian waiter runs up, and takes his order in perfect Yiddish. The matzoh ball soup is perfect, the pastrami is perfect, and the waiter's Yiddish is flawless.   The customer calls over the owner to compliment him.   "everything was great, especially your new waiter! How does he speak Yiddish so well?"  Owner says, "shhhhh, he thinks I'm teaching him English". 
A hamburger walks into a bar. The barman says ," We don't serve food here."
A man walks into a bar and says "Ow!"
A guy walks into his house holding a goat. He says "This is the pig I've been fucking."  His wife says "What are you stupid? That's a goat!"  He says "I wasn't talking to you."
Two pieces of tarmac walk into a bar.. One piece from the M1 and the other from the M8. The M1 turns to the M8 and says "Hey, I bet I'm stronger than you. You know why? Because THOUSANDS of tonnes of cars drive over me everyday, that makes me pretty strong." So the M8 then replied "Well thousands of tonnes of cars are PARKED on me everyday, that makes me way stronger than you." So they keep on arguing for hours on end until a piece of red tarmac walks into the bar. The M1 then says "Oh whatever you, you don't want to talk to him."  "Why not?" Asked the M8. The M1 replied, "Because he's a Cycle-Path!"
A Guy Walks into a bar Orders drinks,  drink them  and *walks out of bar*   (Thanks for the downvotes)
A Man walks into a bar... 2706
A man walks into a bar. . . A man walks into a bar and orders 10 shots of vodka.  "Rough day?", says the bartender as he pours the shots.  The man gulps down each shot as soon as it's full, then says "You wouldn't believe it. You'd be drinking like this too if you had what I have."  "What do you have?"  "50 cents."
A man walks into the doctor's office A man walks into the doctor's office with a piece of lettuce hanging out of his bum. The doc takes one look and he says, "Jeeze, it looks like we have one hell of a problem here." The guy responds "this is just the tip of the iceberg." 
A chef, a clockmaker, and a thief walk into a bar, but the bartender says he doesn't get the joke. They all say, "It's okay, these things take thyme."
a woman walks into a bar the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell
A bear walks into a bar and orders a beer The bartender says unfortunately "we don't serve beers to bears I can serve you all the liquor you want and mixed drinks that will taste way better than a beer". Bear says "I don't drink liquor and mixed drinks are for pussies I want a Fucking beer" bartender trying to remain calm goes "I'm sorry sir but it's this establishments policy I can't serve you a beer, if I do I'll lose my job. I'll gladly buy your first drink  because I feel bad I can't give you a beer" as he points to the sign behind him that says no beers for bears. At this point the bear is getting really upset. "You see that lady at the end of the bar, yeah if you don't give me a beer I'm gonna maul the fuck out of her" bartender responds "I'm not gonna lose my job over losing two customers, sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do" the bear then proceeds to Just destroy this chick. Patrons are running out covered in blood, the walls are now painted red, entails are  hanging from the ceiling, the whole bar looks like a scene from a horror movie. After all is said and done the bear tells the bartender " well no one is here give me a beer" the bartender goes "I don't serve druggies" bear looks all confused and says "I'm not a druggie" bartender responds "well that was a bar bitch you ate"
A guy walks into a pharmacy and buys a condom... A man walks into a pharmacy, buys a condom, then walks out of the store laughing hysterically. The pharmacist thinks this is weird, but figures there’s no law preventing weird people from buying condoms.  The next day, the same man comes back to the store, purchases yet another condom and once again leaves the store laughing wildly. This piques the interest of the pharmacist. “What could be so funny about buying a condom?” he wonders. He tells a pharmacy technician, “If this guy ever comes back, I want you to follow him to see where he goes.”  Sure enough, the next day the same man comes back, buys a condom and again starts cracking up with laughter before leaving. The pharmacist tells his technician to go follow the guy. About an hour later, the tech comes back to the store.  “Did you follow him?” asks the pharmacist.  “Yup,” says the technician.  So,” says the impatient pharmacist, “where’d he go?”  The tech replies, “Your house.”
An amnesiac walks into a bar... So he sits down next to a smoking hot blonde, and orders a scotch on the rocks. He then turns to the blonde and says, "So, do I come here often?"
A man, his wife and their three sons walk into a restaurant. They sit down at a table and the waitress asks, "what will you be having?" The Man answers, ".... send nudes.
Guy walks into a bar and orders six shots. Bartender: Is everything ok?  Gentleman: I just found out my oldest son is gay.  Bartender: Well, they are on me.  A week goes by and the gentleman shows back up.   Gentleman: I'll have six shots again.  Bartender: Whats up now ?  Gentleman: Just found out my youngest son is gay also.  Bartender: They are on the house then.   About a month goes by and the gentleman shows back up at the bar.   Gentleman: I'll have six shots of your strongest whiskey.  Bartender: Jesus pal, doesn't anyone in your house like pussy.  Gentleman: Yeah, My wife! 
A psychologist and a psychiatrist walks into a bar "Sup doc" "Sup duck"
Mike walks into the bar and sees Pat sitting at the end of the bar with a big smile on his face. Mike says, "Pat what are you so happy about?"    "Well Mike i gotta tell ya... Yesterday I was out waxing my boat and a redhead came up to me boobs out to here, Mike...boobs out to here! She says, 'Can I have a ride in your boat?' I said, 'Sure you can have a ride in my boat!' So I took her way out Mike. I turned off the key and said, 'It's either screw or swim!' She couldn't swim Mike, she couldn't swim!"    The next day Mike walks into the bar and sees Pat siting at tne end of the bar with a even bigger smile on his face. Mike says, "Well what are you so happy about today Pat?"     "Well Mike I gotta tell ya... Yesterday I was out waxing my boat, just waxing my boat and a beautiful blond came up to me...boobs out to here, Mike, boobs out to here! She said, 'Can I have a ride in your boat?' I told her, 'Sure you can have a ride in my boat.' So I took here way out Mike. Way out much further that the last one. I turned off the key and said, 'It's either screw or swim!' She couldn't swim Mike, she couldn't swim!"    A couple of days pass and Mike walks into a bar to see Pat down there crying over a beer. Mike says, "Pat what are you so sad about?"    "Well Mike I gotta tell ya...yesterday I was out waxing my boat, just waxing my boat and the most desirable brunette came up to me...boobs way out to here Mike, boobs way out to here. She said, 'Can I have a ride in your boat?' I said, 'Sure you can have a ride in my boat.' So I took her way out Mike, way way out much further than the last two!    I turned off the key, looked at her boobs and said, 'It's either screw or swim!'    She pulled down her pants and...She had a pecker Mike! A great big pecker! And... I can't swim Mike! I can't swim!"
So this Limbo Champion walks into a bar... and was immediately disqualified.
Two hillbillies walk into a restaurant While having a bite to eat, they talk about their moonshine operation.    Suddenly, a woman at a nearby table, who is eating a sandwich, begins to cough. After a minute or so, it becomes apparent that she is in real distress. One of the hillbillies looks at her and says, 'Kin ya swallar?'     The woman shakes her head no.    Then he asks, 'Kin ya breathe?'    The woman begins to turn blue and shakes her head no.    The hillbilly walks over to the woman, lifts up her dress, yanks down her drawers and quickly gives her right butt cheek a lick with his tongue.   The woman is so shocked that she has a violent spasm and the obstruction flies out of her mouth. As she begins to breathe again, the Hillbilly walks slowly back to his table.      His partner says, 'Ya know, I'd heerd of that there 'Hind Lick Maneuver' but I ain't niver seed nobody do it!'
A guy walks into a restaurant He sits down at the usual table. His favorite waitress walks up to the table, "What'll you have,Steve?" "The usual, Marge, a ham sandwich". As she walks away he stares longingly at her jaw-dropping ass. A minute later she comes back,"Sorry, hon, I had to scratch your favorite thing." To which he replies "Oh that's ok, just wash your hands and make me ham sandwich."
A giraffe is the only animal that can walk into a bar and say ... ' The Highballs are on me'
A horse walks into a bar in Area 51 and the bartender asks [punchline has been deleted by the American Government]
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender asks, "why the long face?"  The horse replies, "I have AIDS"
A man walks into a bar... Ow.
A polar bear walks into a restaurant.. The polar bear tells the waitress, "I'll have a Diet Coke, a double cheeseburger and a-" ...  ...  ... "side of fries."   "What's with the long pause!?" The waitress asked.   The polar bear replied, "I was born with them."
A redditor walks into a bar And isn't looking for Pokémon
A Pokémon Go player walks into a strip club A Pokémon Go player walks into a strip club. Inside he meets an asian stripper who offers him a lap dance. When the stripper starts doing her moves she notices something in the man's shirt pocket and asks him: "What is that you've got in your pocket? The man answers: "It's a pen. I usually keep one in my pocket in case I'll need one."
A man walks into a bar... And a gorilla is sitting there with a drink.  The man walks over to the bartender and says  "Why the fuck is there a gorilla in your bar?'  The bartender replies "Watch this."  The bartender walks over with an empty bottle and smashes it on the head of the gorilla.  The gorilla stands up, lets out a sigh, then gets on his knees and proceeds to give the bartender a blow job.  The bartender then yells at the man "You wanna give this a try?"  The man replies  "Sure, just don't hit me as hard as you hit the gorilla." 
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel stuffed in his pants. The bartender looks at him and asks, "Why is there a steering wheel sticking out your pants?" The pirate replies, "Arrrr, it's driving me nuts!"
A man walks into a bar Ouch
Harambe and a friend walk into the local watering hole... After a few drinks, Harambe asks for another mug of the house brew. His friend says, "Dude, you've had too much today. Just get some ice to suck on for a while until we leave." Harambe nods his agreement, and the bartender says, "So, just ice?"  His friend says, "Yep, just ice for Harambe."
The same man walks into the bar again... He pulls out his revolver for the third time and finishes the job.
A redditor walks into a bar... The bartender says, "what'll you have?"   "It's been so long since I've had a good laugh", replies the redditor. "I'll give you $100 if you can tell me a joke I haven't heard before."   "That sounds easy enough", replies the bartender.   "I should warn you", the redditor says, "I browse /r/jokes so I've heard them all over and over and over again".   Curious, the bartender pulls out his phone and browses /r/jokes for a few minutes.   "How about this?" he asks, "A man is driving through a remote forested area at night when his car breaks down next to an old monastery..."   "Heard it.", interrupts the redditor. "It's reposted every month."   The bartender apologies and starts scrolling on his phone for a few more minutes.   "Ooh, here we go, so a blonde shows up at a rich guy's doorstep asking if she can do any chores for cash..."  "Heard it!!", the redditor snaps. "that's reposted every week!"   The bartender is flustered but tries again, furiously browsing the subreddit. "Aha! This one is sure to impress. What's the difference between Donald Trump's hair and a thong?"   "No, no, no!!!", the redditor cries out. "That joke is reposted every day!"   "OK, OK, please give me one more try", the bartender pleads. He scrolls furiously through his phone. "Nope... nope... nope... YES!! This is a great one!"   "OK, lay it on me", the redditor asks eagerly.   "Here it is", the bartender replies. "So a redditor walks into a bar..."  --- EDIT: Sorry for the repost ---
A Mexican and a pig walk into a bar and the bartender says "hey we don't allow those in here." The pig says "sorry" and tells the Mexican to go outside
A piece of string walks into a bar........ A string walks into a bar with a few friends and orders a beer. The bartender says, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve strings here."  The string goes back to his table. He ties himself in a loop and messes up the top of his hair. He walks back up to the bar and orders a beer.  The bartender looks at him and says, "Hey, aren't you a string?"  The string says, "Nope, I'm a frayed knot."
A Scotsman walks into a bar.... There is usually an Englishman, an Irishman and a Welshman, but they're all still in France :(
A Spaniard, a Dutchman and an Englishman walk into a bar The Icelander couldn't make it because he's still at the Euros.
so a law school student walks into a bar- -exam and walks out a lawyer! good job I'm so proud of him.
A horse walks into a bar... A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks the horse if it's an alcoholic, to which the horse replies, "I don't think I am." POOF! The horse disappears.     This is the point in time when any philosophy students in the audience begin to giggle, as they are familiar with the philosophical proposition of cogito ergo sum, or roughly, "I think, therefore I am."     But to explain that concept beforehand would be putting Descartes before the horse.
A string walks into a bar... So a shoelace walks into a bar and orders a scotch on the rocks. The bartender looks at him and responds: "We don't serve shoelaces here, leave."  The shoelace, rather put out, exits the establishment, and proceeds to tie himself into a knot. He then returns to the bar and, again, orders a scotch on the rocks. The bartender looks at him and says for the second time: "I don't know who you think you're fooling, as I said; we don't serve shoelaces here. Leave."  The shoelace does not take kindly to this, however, he doesn't want to make a big scene, so he obliges. Once off the premises, the shoelace tears off the plastic covering on the end of him and frayed his end. After this, he returns to the bar, and orders a scotch on the rocks. The bartender, clearly annoyed, responds with:  "This is the last time I am going to tell you, we don't serve shoelaces here! Leave my property!"  The shoelace says calmly: "I beg your pardon sir, but I am not a shoelace."  "If you're not a shoelace then what are you?"  "I'm afraid not."   (A frayed knot)
A font walks into a bar... The bartender says "I'm sorry, we don't serve your type here"
A bear walks into a bar... ...And asks the bartender for a Beer. The bartender replies "we do not serve brown bears beer in this bar"  So the bear gets mad, and tears out a stool, throws it outside and asks the bartender again for a beer. The bartender, unfazed, says again "we do not serve brown bears beer in this bar"  The bear gets furious and eats the woman sitting next to him at the bar. Looks at the bartender and asks for a beer. The bartender stares at the bear for a momment then replies "we do not serve anyone who does drugs"  The bear was confused  The bartender seeing the confusion, answers "that was the bar bitch you ate"
A neutron walks into a bar... He orders a beer from the bartender:  Neutron: Hey can I get one beer?  Bartender: Of course.   Neutron: How much will that be?  Bartender: For you? No charge!
An Irishman walks into a job interview Hah! I crack myself up!
A man walks into a bar.  A man walks into a bar. His alcohol dependency is tearing his family apart.
A Priest a Rabbi and a Scientologist walk into a bar... The Priest orders an orange juice, the Rabbi orders an apple juice and the Scientologist orders a lawsuit for libel, slander and defamation.
A panda walks into a bar... A panda walks into a bar.   He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night.   The bartender motions to a young woman.   She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place.   After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves.  The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house.  "You owe me money," she says.   "For what?"   The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute."   The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money."   The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda. Look it up."   She is about to protest when the panda hands her the dictionary.   The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary, and it reads, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves."
An infitite number of mathmeticians walk into a bar... The first asks for a pint of beer. The second, half a pint, the third an quarter and so on. The barman pours 2 pints of beer and says "know your limits".  EDIT: Changed a few words to stop people bitching in comments
A man walks into the library looking for a book... After looking around, he walks up to the front desk and asks  "Hey, I am looking for a book about micropenises but can't seem to find it."  The librarian responds  "I am sorry, I don't think it's in yet"  "That's the one!"
A gay guy walks into a country bar... Clearly out of place. His car broke down and no service stations are open at this hour, so he decides he'll have a drink.  He walks up to the bar and orders a light beer. The bartender immediately recognizes that the weary traveler swings the other way so he makes a deal with him. He'll give him his drink and will continue to serve him if he agrees to sit in the corner of the bar furthest from the door, so as not to attract much attention.  So he sits in the corner for a couple hours, not really catching anybody's attention, drinking his beers. All of a sudden, Jim Bob Cooter bursts through the door and announces, "Mother fuck! I'm so thirsty I could suck the cum out of a bull's dick!" Next thing anyone hears comes from the corner furthest from the door.. "Moo moo, Buckaroo!"
A father walks into a restaurant with his young son. (LONG) A father walks into a restaurant with his young son. He gives the young boy 3 nickels to play with to keep him occupied. Suddenly, the boy starts choking, going blue in the face. The father realizes the boy has swallowed the nickels and starts slapping him on the back.  The boy coughs up 2 of the nickels, but keeps choking. Looking at his son, the father is panicking, shouting for help.  A well dressed, attractive, and serious looking woman in a blue business suit is reading a newspaper and sipping a cup of coffee. At the sound of the commotion, she looks up, puts her coffee cup down, neatly folds the newspaper and places it on the counter, gets up from her seat, and makes her way, unhurried, across the restaurant. Reaching the boy, the woman carefully drops his pants; takes hold of the boy's testicles and starts to squeeze and twist, gently at first and then ever so firmly. After a few seconds, the boy convulses violently and coughs up the last nickel, which the woman deftly catches in her free hand.  Releasing the boy's testicles, the woman hands the nickel to the father and walks back to her seat at the coffee bar without saying a word.  As soon as he is sure that his son has suffered no ill effects, the father rushes over to the woman and starts thanking her, saying, "I've never seen anybody do anything like that before, it was fantastic. Are you a doctor?"  "No," the woman replies, "I'm with the I.R.S."
Two yogurts walk into an upscale bar that is holding a speed dating event. The bouncer stops them at the door, says, "Sorry gentlemen. We don't serve your kind in here."  So one of the yogurts says, "Why not? We're two cultured singles!" 
A black man walks into a bank... A black man walks into a bank, and behind the front desk are an Englishman, a Cockney, a Scotsman and an Irishman. The black man walks up to the desk and says:  "Look, guys, I really need a loan of five thousand pounds to cover this new car. I don't have anything on me to act as collateral, but the bank manager knows me, and my dad, Mick Jagger."  The bank tellers look apprehensive, so he shouts to the back of the bank "Ain't that right, Mr. Peters?"  The bank manager comes lumbering from the back of the bank and says:  "Oi, Mick, Mack, Paddy, Jack, give the wog a loan, His old man's a rolling stone!"
A suicidal man walks into an engraver's with a pistol... ...and gives it to the proprietor, who asks, "What would you like me to put on it?"   "L'oréal," the man says.  The owner gives the guy a funny look. "Why the hell do you want *that* on a gun?"  Replies the suicidal man: "Because I'm worth it."
A Russian Spy, a sexual predator, and a billionaire walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What can I get you, Mr. President?"
A stoner walks into the house and asks his mother a question Him: Mom why do you always accuse me of being stoned?  Mom: I'm your Dad you idiot
A guy walks into a bar And asks the bartender for a drink. While he sits there he notices a jar full of money on the bar. Next to the jar is a sign that reads, "complete the challenge win the jar." the guy asks the bartender about the challenge. The bartender explains there are three parts that must be completed. First: Down a gallon of tequila straight in under five minutes. Second: A rabid bulldog out back has a terrible tooth and ache and the tooth has to be pulled. Third: Have sex with the 99 year old grandma who lives upstairs . The guy thinks it over and he accepts the challenge. He downs the tequila in no time. Then he staggers out back and everyone in the bar hears an awful commotion. Then silence. The guy stumbles back in the door his clothes torn to sheds. He yells, "Now! Where's that bulldog with the toothache?" 
A guy walks into a shady bar on 'ladies night', He goes over to a group of questionable women and proclaims, "DAMN, I must be in the Matrix!"  One of the more questionable women responds, "What makes you say that?"  The guy replies, "Because all I see are 1's and 0's!"
Two Paleontologists walk into a gay bar... They begin to start writing down notes in their binders while staring at the people in the bar. The bartender asks what they are writing about. They look at him and say they are observing the modern dinosaur, The Mega-Soar-Ass.
Chris Brown and Ray Rice and walk into a bar... I'd tell you the rest of the joke, but they beat me to the punchline.
A black guy walks into a bar. Don't worry he's still in his cell.
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and says, “Give me a beer before the problems start!” He drinks the beer and then orders another saying, “Give me a beer before the problems start!”  The bartender looks confused. This goes on for a while, and after the fifth beer the bartender is totally confused and asks the man “When are you going to pay for these beers?”  The man answers, “Now the problems start!”
A man walks into his office A man walks into his office cubicle on a Monday morning. He checks his e-mails and sees one from his neighbor.  it reads, "Do you have any naked photos of your wife?"   Outraged the man replies, "NO I DO NOT!!!!"    Shortly after he receives a second e-mail from his neighbor. Expecting an apology, he opens the e-mail.    It reads, "Want to buy some?"
A mathematician walks into a bar A mathematician walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a beer.   The bartender says, "Sorry but we've run out of beer. We have only root beer for today."   "No problem", replies the mathematician. "Just serve me in a square glass."
a priest, rabbi and, caliphate walk into a bar they woke up in the hospital with a concussion. 
Past, Present and Future all walk into the bar at the same time... ... it was **tense**
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first orders a pint.  The second orders half a pint.  The third orders a quarter pint.  The barman says "Fuck you guys" and pours two pints.
A man walks into a .. nsfw A man walks into a whore house and asks after the madam, inquiring, "how much for a blow job"  The madam replies, "$100, but it is the best blow job of your life"  The man thinks for a moment, places $100 on the counter, unzips his fly and promptly begins to jerk off.   The madam protests, "what are you doing?"  And in reply the man states, "for $100 she isn't getting the easy one". 
A guy comes home from work, walks into his bedroom, and finds a stranger fucking his wife. Dude says, "What the hell are you two doing?" His wife turns to the stranger and says, "I told you he was stupid."
A blind man walks into a bar... And a chair, and a table. 
A conman, a mentally handicapped person, and a Russian spy walk into a bar And the bartender asks, "What will it be, Mr. President?"
Two hillbillies walk into a restaurant. While having a bite to eat, they talk about their moonshine operation. Suddenly, a woman at a nearby table, who is eating a sandwich, begins to cough. After a minute or so, it becomes apparent that she is in real distress. One of the hillbillies looks at her and says, Kin ya swallar?'  The woman shakes her head no. Then he asks, 'Kin ya breathe?' The woman begins to turn blue, and shakes her head no.  The hillbilly walks over to the woman, lifts up her dress, yanks down her drawers, and quickly gives her right butt cheek a lick with his tongue. The woman is so shocked that she has a violent spasm, and the obstruction flies out of her mouth.As she begins to breathe again, the Hillbilly walks slowly back to his table. His partner says, 'Ya know, I'd heerd of that there 'Hind Lick Maneuver' but I never seed nobody done it.
A businessman walks into a bar After a long day working late at the office. He settles into a stool near the bar and orders some suds from the bartender.   Out of nowhere, the man hears a tiny voice call out "Nice tie!". Startled, the man looks around, and only sees a few locals tending to their drinks a few seats down. He plays it off, finishes his beer, and orders another round.   Not long afterwards, the man hears another tiny voice say "Your jacket looks great!". Unsettled, the man looks around once more, and again, sees no one remotely paying attention to him besides the bartender, who slides a basket of peanuts down the bar to the man. Clearly shaken, the man chugs the remainder of his pint and orders another beer.   Lo and behold, the man again hears the little voice say "You make a difference!". The man has enough, and asks the bartender what the hell is going on. "Oh", says the bartender, "it's just the peanuts." Bewildered, the man demands, "What the hell do you mean 'the peanuts?'" The bartender replies "They're complimentary."
A little boy walks into his parents' room... A little boy walks into his parents' room to see his mom on top of his dad bouncing up and down. The mom sees her son and quickly dismounts, worried about what her son has seen. She dresses quickly and goes to find him. The son sees his mom and asks, "What were you and Dad doing?" The mother replies, "Well you know your dad has a big tummy and sometimes I have to get on top of it to help flatten it." "You're wasting your time," said the boy. "Why is that?" asked his mom, puzzled. "Well when you go shopping the lady next door comes over and gets on her knees and blows it right back up."
A man walks into a bar and sees a jar filled to the brim with 10 dollar bills. He's incredulous. He guesses there must be at least ten thousand dollars in it. He approaches the bartender and asks, "What's with the money in the jar?"  "Well..., you pay $10, and if you pass three tests, you get all the money in the jar and the keys to a brand new Lexus"  The man certainly isn't going to pass this up, so he asks, "What are the three tests?"  "You gotta pay first," says the bartender, "those are the rules."  So, after thinking it over a while, the man gives the bartender $10 which he stuffs into the jar.  "Okay," says the bartender, "here's what you need to do:  First - You have to drink a whole quart of tequila, in 60 seconds or less, and you can't make a face while doing it."  "Second - There's a pit bull chained in the back with a bad tooth. You have to remove that tooth with your bare hands."  "Third - There's a 90-year old lady upstairs who's never had sex. You have to take care of that problem."  The man is stunned! "I know I paid my $10 -- but I'm not an idiot! I won't do it! You'd have to be nuts to drink a quart of tequila and then do all those other things!"  "Your call," says the bartender, "but, your money stays where it is."  As time goes on, the man has a few more drinks and finally says, "Where's the damn tequila?!"  He grabs the bottle with both hands and drinks it as fast as he can. Tears stream down both cheeks -- but he doesn't make a face -- and he drinks it in 58 seconds! Next, he staggers out the back door where he sees the pit bull chained to a pole. Soon, the people inside the bar hear loud growling, screaming, and sounds of a terrible fight -- then nothing but silence!  Just when they think that the man surely must be dead, he staggers back into the bar. His clothes are ripped to shreds and he's bleeding from bites and gashes all over his body. He drunkenly says, "Now..., where's that old woman with the bad tooth?"
A penguin walks into a bar... lol can you believe it?
A duck walks into a 7-11 and waddles up to the clerk... "Do you have any grapes?", the duck asks.  The clerk tells the duck that no, they don't sell grapes because they are not a supermarket and to try somewhere else.  The duck thanks the man and waddles out.   The next day, the duck comes back and waddles up to the counter and asks the same man if they have any grapes.  The man seems irritated and sternly tells the duck, "No, we didn't have grapes yesterday and we don't have them today either."  The duck thanks the man and waddles out.   The third day, the duck comes in the store and when the guy working sees him, he immediately becomes irritated.  The duck waddles up to the counter and asks if they have any grapes.  The man behind the counter yells at the duck, "Look!  I told you we don't have grapes.  We don't sell grapes, and we never will sell grapes!  If you come back asking for grapes one more time, I'm going to nail your little webbed feet to the floor."  The duck pauses for a minute, thanks the man and leaves.   The following day the duck comes in and waddles up to the counter.  Before the worker has time to say anything, the duck asks, 'Hey, do you have any nails?"  The worker replies, "What.... No, why the hell would I have..."   "Do you have any grapes"   This was the first joke my dad told me and he passed away yesterday so I figured now is a good time to share it.  Hope some of you enjoy it as much as I still do each time I tell it.
An Englishman, Irishman, Scotsman, Rabbi and a horse walk into a pub... The Publican says "Is this some kind of joke"
Three Buddhists walks into a Meditative state . Om
A man walks into a bar... His alcohol dependency is tearing his family apart
A rapist, a racist, and a priest walk into a bar and that was just the first guy!
A man walks into a bar and asks for a pint and a Pork pie. The barman gives him his pint, and a nice fresh pork pie. He drinks his pint, picks up his pork pie, puts it on the top of his head and walks out, carefully balancing it on his noggin.   About 10 minutes later, he returns and goes to the bar. Again, the man asks for a pint and a pork pie.  The barman gladly serves him, and the man drinks his pint, picks up his pork pie, puts it on top of this head and walks out with it balanced on his head.  After 5 minutes, a second man walks into the pub and asks the barman for a pint and a pork pie.   The barman replies, "Sorry, we don't have any pork pies left, will a packet of crisps be OK?". The man says 'Sure, a packet of crisps will be fine.'  The second man drinks his pint, then takes the crisps out of the packet and starts balancing them on his head.  Unable to contain his confusion any longer, the barman asks "Excuse me, why are you balancing those crisps on your head?"  The man replies "Because there are no pork pies left!"  
A man walks into a bar... ...after a long days work. He sits down and orders a beer from the bartender. After taking a sip, he looks around the bar and notices the only other patron is a pirate sitting at the other end of the bar. He swiftly realizes the pirate has a steering wheel in his pants, so he decides to call out to him. "Hey Pirate, Hey Pirate, you have a steering wheel in your pants!" The pirate says, "Argh, it's driving me nuts!"
An infinite number of chickens walk into a bar... An infinite number of chickens walk into a bar. The first chicken orders a beer, the second one orders a half-size, the third one orders a quarter-sized, and so on. The bartender spends an infinite amount of time pouring exactly two beers because neither he nor the chickens know calculus.
A football player, a Yakuza and a white guy walk into a bar The Yakuza asks, "How do you know if you're racist?"   Football player says, "I'm not racist! I've played football with white people, black people, Asian people, Latino people and you just name it."  Yakuza says, "There's no way I'm racist my two best friends are black and white."  White guy says, "Me either my best friends are Jet Li and Will Smith."
So a water flea, a marbled crayfish, a boa constrictor, and god all walk into a bar. And god turns to them and says "go fuck yourselves"
Two scientists walk into a bar The first scientist says "I'll have some H20."     &amp;nbsp;    The second scientist says "I'll have a glass of water, too. But really? Why did you say H20? Like I get that it is the chemical formula for water and all, but it is the end of a really stressful day at work and there's really no need to intentionally over-complicate things like that when we are trying to wind down."  &amp;nbsp;    The first scientist stares into his drink, angry that his assassination attempt failed.
A guy walks into a bar wearing a Browns jersey and carrying a cat that also has a Browns jersey on with a little Browns helmet on his head, too.   The guy says to the bartender, "Can my cat and I watch the Browns game here? My TV at home is broke, and my cat and I always watch the game together."  The bartender replies, "Normally, cats wouldn't be allowed in the bar, but it's not very busy in here right now, so you and the cat can have a seat at the end of the bar. But, if there's any trouble with you or the cat, I'll have to ask you to leave"  The guy agrees, and he and his cat start watching the game. Pretty soon the Browns kick a field goal and the excited cat jumps up on the bar and walks down the bar and gives everyone a high five.  The bartender says, "Hey, that's pretty cool! What does he do for a touchdown?"  The guys answers, "I don't know, I've only had him for 2 years. 
A Tramp walks into a bar... A Tramp walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a toothpick. The bartender looks puzzled but hands one over.   Five minutes later another tramp walks in and asks the same question. The barman hands one over but thinks to himself that the next tramp who comes in, he'll ask why they want the sticks.  Another tramp promptly wanders in but instead of asking for a toothpick, he asks for a drinking straw. The barman perplexed asks why the others wanted a toothpick but he wants a straw?   The tramp replies "someone outside has been sick and the good bits have gone"
A man walks into a bar and goes up to the second story He orders a drink called the magic potion, drinks it, and jumps out the window and flies away. The guy who was sitting next to him asks the bartender what drink he had. The bar tender tells him it was the magic potion. The guy orders one, drinks it, and jumps out the window and lands on the ground. The first guy comes back in and the bartender says to him: "Superman, you can be a real jerk sometimes."
Guy walks into a bar. He's a normal looking guy on one half of his head, but the other half of his head is an orange. **Barman:** What can i get.. holy shit half your head is an orange!! How did that happen??  **Guy:** I found a magic lamp, rubbed it, and a genie came out and gave me 3 wishes.  **Barman:** What in the bejesus were your three wishes?  **Guy:** First Wish - I wished for every woman in the world to love me.  **Barman:** Right, that makes sense. What was your second wish?  **Guy:** I wished that I was a billionaire.  **Barman:** What in the hell was your third wish?  **Guy:** It was a silly wish. I don't wanna say.  **Barman:** Go on tell me, I'll give you a free drink.  **Guy:** Ok well for my third wish I wished that half my head was an orange.
A Slug Walks into a Barbershop... A barber, a barber who's wits have long left him and his sight is in a poor state, is in his shop when a customer walks in, he says “I am a slug”. The Barber looks at him and says “well slugs don’t need a barber what are you doing in here? You’re covered in slime and your body is rubbery and hairless, I cannot do anything for you?”. The customer ignores him and sits in the chair, and demands that the barber get on with the job, the barber obliges, thinking on his feet decides all he can do is do a shampoo and condition. So he lathers up the shampoo and hopes that he isn’t too grossed out by the mixing of the mucus lubricant sliding over the sinewy flesh of the customer sat before him. He finishes up and tells him the price, he obliges and hands over some cash, the barber sorts out change and looks up to see a bald man in front of him. Startled the barber says “but I thought you were a slug?” the man says “no I said I was sluggish”.  
A horse walks into a bar and says, “On a right-angled triangle with sides X, Y and Z, if X and Z are perpendicular, which side is opposite the right angle?” The bartender says, “Y, the long face.”
A man walks into a bar... And remembers to duck the next time
An introvert walks into a bar... Then immediately walks out because fuck that shit.
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
A man who shamelessly steals punchlines walks into a bar The bartender says, "how are you, r/Jokes"
An Iranian, Iraqi, Libyan, Somalian, Sudanese, Syrian and a Yemenite walk into a bar in america. Just kidding, they can't.
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink Bartender says, "No charge"
A reposter walks into /r/jokes... And reposts a joke. He says to the moderator, "sorry, but I really need karma to join this subreddit and you need lots of upvotes, so I thought I would come here. "Actually," the moderator said, "you can go to my new subreddit, where everyone will upvote you for saying that, plus you will get reddit gold." "You're lying to me!" said the reposter. The moderator replies, "well, you started it."
A blind man walks into a bar... A blind man walks into a bar, orders a drink and says, "Hey! Does anyone want to hear a blonde joke?" Then the woman next to him taps his shoulder and says, "Listen mister, I'm a bodybuilder, 5 foot 9 of pure muscle, and I'm blonde. The bouncer over there, he's a martial arts expert and his hands are registered as lethal weapons! He's blonde too! And the bartender, she's 6 foot 2, is a roller derby star and is also a blonde! So do you still wanna tell that blonde joke?" To which the blind man replies... "Well not if I gotta explain it three times!"
My father walks into a bar... And stays there for the rest of my childhood.
A 1990's man walks into 2016 It was a rainy day, so he decides to stay at a hotel. He opens the door and holds it open for a lady behind him who just says "Thank you." After the rain is over, he decides to leave. As he checks out he notices the same lady holding the door for him. He goes through and says "Thank you ma'am." She then protests "How dare you assume my gender like that?"
A man walks into a bar.... .....and sees a sign behind the bar, "free drinks for life if you can pass the three trails". Curious by this the man asks the bartender what the trails are.  "First you have to chug a fifth of fire water. Then we have an alligator with a sore tooth in the back and you have to remove the tooth. Lastly, we have a virgin upstairs and you have to sleep with her."  Giving it some thought he decides against it. As the night continues and liquid courage  begins to take effect be decides to try the trails. He begins to chug the fire water, tears streaming down his face.   The bartender then brings him to the back room, after a few minutes horrible sounds eminent from the room and then silence. The man comes out the room and the bartender leads him upstairs. Again a few minutes pass and then horrific sounds come from upstairs. After a few minutes pass the man comes down with a look of pride upon his face.  "I drank your fire water, had sex with your alligator, and pulled the sore tooth from your virgin."
Two mushrooms walk into a bar, one tells a joke The bartender looks at him and says "wow, you must be a fungi"
A man walks into a bar He says “ouch, who put this bar here?”
Come again (___Walk into a bar) A bartender says, “We don’t serve time travelers in here.” A time traveler walks into a bar.
A racist, a rapist, and a President walk into a bar... ...In Mar-a-Lago. The bartender says, "Good Morning Donald, all by yourself today?"
A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat. Before he can order a beer, the bowl of pretzels in front of him says "Hey, you're a handsome fellow."  The man tries to ignore the bowl of pretzels, and orders a fine Pilsner beer. The bowl of pretzels then says "Ooooh, a pilsner, great choice. You're a smart man."  Starting to freak out, the guy says to the bartender "Hey what the hell, this bowl of pretzels keeps saying nice things to me!" Bartender says "Don't worry about it, the pretzels are complimentary."
A man with a priapism walks into a drugstore... and walks back to the pharmacy counter to find a middle aged lady working there.   &amp;#x200B;  "Excuse me, ma'am, I need to speak to the pharmacist", he says.   "I am the pharmacist", she replies.  "Oh. Well, do you have a *male* pharmacist I might speak to?"  "Sir, I have been a pharmacist for 20 years. I own this store with my sister who is also a pharmacist for 25 years. We are both professionals. Anything you can tell a male pharmacist, you can tell me, I assure you.", she replies.   &amp;#x200B;  "Ok.", he says. And proceeds to open his coat and pull out a 9 inch rock hard member, like a baby's arm. "It's been like this for 2 weeks now. Nothing I do will make it go down. What can you give me for this?"  &amp;#x200B;  The pharmacist at this point is beet red and flushed. Beads of sweat are forming on her temples. Visibly distratcted, she attempts to pull herself together and replies, "L-l-let me consult with my sister and I'll be right back to you, sir", she stammers, and quickly heads into the back.  &amp;#x200B;  After a few minutes she returns with her sister and replies. "Sir, we've discussed this.... we can give you $800 cash and 1/4 interest in the drugstore!"
Bono and The Edge walk into a bar. The bartender says, “Not U2 again.”
Man walks into a library and asks the librarian, "Hey! Can I get a chicken sandwich?" The librarian admonishes him, "Sir! This is a library." He replies... "Oh sorry, *^one ^chicken ^sandwich ^please!* "
A termite walks into a bar and says... Is this bar tender ?
A doctor walks into a bar He should have ducked.
A man with no hands walks into a palm reader's business The palm reader looks at him and says, "well, I'm stumped." 
3 logicians walk into a bar the bartender asks "is everyone having a beer?"  the first logician says "I dont know"  the second logician says "I dont know"  the third logician says "yes"
Four gay guys walk into a bar Bartender says,"Sorry, only one unoccupied stool at the moment."  Gay guy says,"That's completely fine."   Gay man proceeds to turn the stool upside down and each of them sits on a leg.
A guy walks into a bar... ...and tells the bartender "Give me anything but a Budweiser." So the bartender hands him a beer, the man drinks it, and leaves.  Next day, man comes in and says "Give me anything but a Budweiser." Bartender gives him a beer, the man drinks it, and leaves.  Next day, he comes back with the same request. The bartender is obviously very curious at this points. So he asks "What is the problem with Budweiser?"  The man answers "Well, I once drank 20 Budweisers, went home, and blew chunks."  The bartender laughs and says "That would happen to anyone after drinking 20 of any beer."  The man looks around sheepishly and whispers "Chunks is my dog's name."
A neutron walks into a bar and says "how much for a drink?" The bartender says, "for you, no charge!"
A Nazi walks into a Bar... ... Mitzvah
A man walks into a McDonalds. He sees  an elderly couple with one Happy Meal. They take out all of the food, lay it out on the table, and start splitting it. They split the burger in half, split the fries into two equal piles, etc. But what strikes the man as odd is that only the husband begins eating.  So the man walks over and says, "I can buy you another Happy Meal if you like."  The elderly woman replies, "Oh no, we share everything."  The man waits, and only the old man continues eating. The woman sits there and watches.  So he goes back over and says, "Ma'am, I would be *honored* to buy you another Happy Meal."  "Oh no," she replies, "you misunderstand. We share *everything*."  Slightly exasperated, the man asks, "Then what are you waiting for?"  The elderly woman replies, "The dentures, of course!"
A black guy with a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar The bartender asks: Hey cool, where'd you get it?  The parrot says: Africa 
A man walks into a psychiatrist and says, "Please help me doc. I keep thinking I'm a pair of curtains!" The psychiatrist walks up to him, slaps him across the face and screams, "For the love of God, pull yourself together man!"
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink When he asks how much, the bartender says "for you, no charge!"
A bear walks into a bar... and sits down. He bangs on the bar with his paw and demands a beer. The bartender approaches and says, “We don’t serve beer to bears in bars.”  The bear, becoming angry, demands again that he be served a beer. The bartender tells him again, more forcefully, “We don’t serve beer to belligerent bears in bars.”  The bear, very angry now, says, “If you don’t serve me a beer, I’m going to eat that lady sitting at the end of the bar.” The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve beer to belligerent, bully bears in bars.”  The bear goes to the end of the bar, and as promised, eats the woman. He comes back to his seat and again demands a beer. The bartender states: “Sorry, we don’t serve beer to belligerent, bully bears in bars who are on drugs.” The bear says, “I’m not on drugs.” The bartender says, “You are now. That was a barbitchyouate.”
An Indian man, a Pakistani man, and an English man walk into a maternity ward. The doctor tells them there's been a mix up and he doesn't know who's baby is who's. The Indian man runs in and grabs the only white baby and starts to walk out. The English man looks really confused and says "I'm pretty sure that's not your baby, it looks white so it's mine". The Indian man says "I know, but there's no chance I'm going to raise a damn Pakistani."
A man walks into a psychiatrist’s office wearing only shorts made of plastic wrap. The shrink says, “Well, I can clearly see you’re nuts.”
A man walks into a bar... The man is a muslim and the bar is in the U.S. 
A man with no carnal desires walks into a Freudian psychoanalyst's office The psychoanalyst stops him and says, "hey, buddy, I'm gonna need to see some id."    
A shabby looking Nun walks into a bar... The barman takes one look at her, pulls out a shotgun and gives her both in the chest... Aghast, I protest "Christ!? What the Hell'dya do that for?!" With a look of regret he turns to me and whispers  "...bad habit."
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar. It was tense.
So a duck walks into a bar... He waddles over to a seat and settles in.  The bartender says "Hey there, what can I get for you?"  And the duck says "I... I don't know.  I've never made it this far."
A woman walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre... So he gave it to her.
A man walks into a bar Looking at a mirror to survey the damage he sees a marking stamped into his forehead. REPOST it said.
A guy walks into a police station trying to become a policeman... The police officer there tells him that he can become a policeman if he answers a question.  the guy accepts and the police officer asks him, "how would you know if a car has a bomb in it?"  the guy replies, "well that's easy, you can know if a car has a bomb in it, when it explodes!"      (damn this was translated from arabic to english and it loses so much of the value q.q)
A world renowned chemist walks into a electronics shop. The chemist wanted a new phone, so the chemist asked one of the employees, "What do you reccomend for me" The employee put down a Samsung Note 7 The chemist said,"Even I'm not licensed to handle material that explosive"
A man walks into a bar and sees his friend sitting beside a 12-inch pianist He says to his friend, "That's amazing. How did you get that?" The man pulls out a bottle and tells him to rub it and make a wish. He rubs the bottle, and a puff of smoke pops out and tells him that he can have one wish. So the man thinks and says, "I wish I had a million bucks." The genie says, "OK, go outside, and your wish will be granted." The man goes outside, but all he finds are ducks filling the sky and roads. He goes back in and tells his friend what happened, and his friend replies, "I know. Did you really think I wanted a 12-inch pianist?"
A pun, a play on words, and a limerick walk into a bar. No joke. The joke wasn't there because it was busy parking the car.
A pirate walks into a bar A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his pants. The bartender looks at him for a moment, before asking, "Hey, what's up with the steering wheel?"   The pirate goes "Arghhh, it be driving me nuts."
Three humorless feminists walk into a bar. The first one orders a martini, and says to her friends, help me keep an eye on my drink, won’t you? I don’t want anyone to take advantage of me against my will.  The second one says of course, we have to look out for each other in this dangerous world.  The third one writes and posts a factual account of these events.
A Nazi walks into a BAR... Browning automatic rifle
Two whales walk into a bar The first one goes to the barman and says:   "oooooOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooOoOooOOoOoooooOOOOOOOoOOooooOoOoOOoOooOoOOoOOooooooooOOOOOOOoOOOoOOo"  The second one turns to the first and says, "shut up Frank, you're drunk." 
A woman, a murderer, a liar, a thief, and a cuckold walk into a bar The bartender asks: "What will it be, Mrs. Clinton?"
A blind man walks into a restaurant and asks for a used spoon. The restaurant owner finds it odd but obliges. The man takes a lick and thinks for awhile, and declared "Hmm, lobster linguine in tomato and habanero sauce! I think I'll have one of those!" The restaurant owner was incredulous as that was one of the restaurant's best dishes, and serves him one.   The next day, the blind man came back and asked for another used spoon. When he takes a lick, he proclaims "Hmm, roast pork knuckle with Dijon mustard and blue cheese sauce! I'll have that!" The restaurant owner was impressed as that was the special of the day that he had never served before.   The following day, the blind man walks in and asks for another spoon. The owner wants to trick the blind man and asks his wife to rub a clean spoon onto her pussy. Although she is disgusted, she was finally coerced to do so. Sniggering, the owner passes the spoon to the blind man. The blind man took a lick, thinks awhile before shouting "Hey, I didn't know Ellie works here!"
A young man walks into a bar And sees a horse.  Young man: 'Why the long face?'  Horse: 'Women. The ones I like anyways.  Young man: 'Why? What's the problem? What kind of women do you like?'  Horse: 'I like my women like I like my coffee.'  Young Man: 'Ground up and in the freezer?'  Horse: 'N..What? No! Sweet and strong you freak.'  Two scientists walk in...  Horse: 'Hey guys, first one's on me. What'll it be?'  Scientist 2: 'We'll both have water thanks.'  Scientist 1 to Young Man: 'What's eating you?'  Young Man: 'I just found out my girlfriend's dad is a pharmacist.'  A dentist walks in.   Dentist: 'Drinks all round. I'm just back from a great safari holiday.'  Horse: 'I hope you were just shooting with a camera.'  Dentist: 'Don't be Cecilly. Sorry, so silly. Bagged myself some real trophies. Check my facebook."  Just then a chicken pops its head round the door.  Chicken: 'Sorry. Has anyone seen a tomato family walking around here? Sorry to bother you. Sorry.'  Scientist 1: 'Sure. They were across the street about ten minutes ago heading north. If you hurry you'll ketchup.'  Chicken: 'Sorry. Thanks. Sorry again. I have to go now. Sorry.'  Scientist 2: 'What's his deal?'  Horse: 'He's Canadian. Good guy.'  A screeching sound comes from outside followed by the unmistakable sound of a bus hitting a chicken.  *In heaven  St Peter: 'Look chicken, it's been a busy century, I've been whizzing round trying to find priests and lawyers for some young couple, some idiot just got in, the devil nabbed our only engineer, and to top it off some nuns have just been washing various body parts in the holy bowl. Do you mind waiting?'  Chicken: 'Yeah, no. Super sorry about all that. I'll just head down these stairs and go to hell so you can have a better morning. Sorry again. B-bye.'  St.Peter : 'Thanks man.'  The chicken heads for the stairs...  St.Peter: 'Next. Name and manner of death.'  Next in line: 'Harambe. I dunno what happened man. I was trying hug this kid who tried to jump me and the next thing I know I'm stood behind that chicken and that guy who died in the refridgerator.'  St. Peter: 'Ok, let me just check your lie clock.....'   Edit: Wow! 5k upvotes and a gold! Inbox battered. Thanks.  A time traveller walks into a bar.
A hobo walks into a bar... A hobo walks into a bar. The barman shouts at him 'Get out! We don't serve your type in here!' The hobo says 'OK OK I'll leave. But all I want is a toothpick'. The barman, suspicious, hands him a toothpick and the hobo leaves.  5mins later another hobo comes in and the barman says 'get out! We don't serve your type in here' The hobo says he will leave but asks for a toothpick first. The barman hands him one and he leaves. Over the next few minutes, several more hobos come in and ask for toothpicks.  The barman is really confused. He decides the next time one comes in he'll ask him what's going on. Couple minutes later one comes in and says 'can I have a...' The barman says 'I know I know you want a toothpick'. The hobo says 'actually I want a straw'. The barman says he'll give him one but first he has to explain why all these hobos have come in and asked for a toothpick and now he wanted a straw. The hobo explains: 'somebody has been sick outside. But all the best bits are gone....'
A man walks into a library and says to the librarian, "do you have that book for men with small penises?" The librarian looks on her computer and says, "I don't know if it's in yet." "Yeah that's the one"  Ok looks like the front page is wrong about reposts
So a redditor walks into a bar... The bartender says, "what'll you have?" "It's been so long since I've had a good laugh", replies the redditor. "I'll give you $100 if you can tell me a joke I haven't heard before." "That sounds easy enough", replies the bartender. "I should warn you", the redditor says, "I browse /r/jokes so I've heard them all over and over and over again". Curious, the bartender pulls out his phone and browses /r/jokes for a few minutes. "How about this?" he asks, "A man is driving through a remote forested area at night when his car breaks down next to an old monastery..." "Heard it.", interrupts the redditor. "It's reposted every month." The bartender apologies and starts scrolling on his phone for a few more minutes. "Ooh, here we go, so a blonde shows up at a rich guy's doorstep asking if she can do any chores for cash..." "Heard it!!", the redditor snaps. "that's reposted every week!" The bartender is flustered but tries again, furiously browsing the subreddit. "Aha! This one is sure to impress. What's the difference between Donald Trump's hair and a thong?" "No, no, no!!!", the redditor cries out. "That joke is reposted every day!" "OK, OK, please give me one more try", the bartender pleads. He scrolls furiously through his phone. "Nope... nope... nope... YES!! This is a great one!" "OK, lay it on me", the redditor asks eagerly. "Here it is", the bartender replies. "So a redditor walks into a bar..."
A Redditor walks into a bar He cries out in pain.  His friend asks, "How did you even walk into that? You've encountered this hundreds of times before!"  The Redditor replies, "Well, not really? It seemed like a new post."
3 guys walk into a bar And one of them gets raped
A guy walks into a book store owned by a Mexican-American.... After looking around for a bit, he walks up to the owner..  "Do you have the new Trump book?" He asks.  The owner looks at him and yells "Get the Hell out of here! YOU'RE NOT WELCOME!!"  The man replies "Yeah, that's the one! I'll take it in hardback."
A woman walks into a bar and asks for a double entendres So the bartender gives it to her. 
A cowboy walks into a bar... ... and the bartender notices that the cowboy's horse is outside laughing.  "How'd you get him to do that?" he asks the cowboy. "I'll tell you tomorrow." replies the cowboy.  The next day, the cowboy returns and the bartender sees the horse is crying.  "How'd you get him to do that?" the bartender asks. "I'll tell you tomorrow." replies the cowboy.   The next day the cowboy shows up without his horse and he sits at the bar and says to the bartender, "The first day, I told my horse my dick was bigger than his. The second day, I showed him."
A bloke walks into a pub and sees a jar full of pound coins He asks the bartender why it's there.   The bartender replies "I've got a donkey around the back that's really miserable, he's never happy just trots round in a circle. You put £1 in and see if you can cheer him up if you can you win the money"  Fancying his chances the guy puts in a pound and goes outside to see the donkey. He comes back in two minutes later and the donkey is pissing itself laughing.  Impressed the bartender gives him the money and he leaves.   A week later  he walks back into the same bar and notices the jars full again. Turning to the barman he says "why is the jar full again? I thought I'd cheered your donkey up" "You did" replies the barman "but he hasn't stopped laughing since so now you put in a pound and try and shut him up"  Accepting the challenge the guy goes back outside and returns a minute later with the donkey crying and trying to kill itself with depression.   "That's amazing how did you do that?" "It was easy" explains the guy "the first time I told him I had a bigger dick then him, the second time I showed him"
Three blind men walk into a bar... The first man walks up to the bartender with a golden retriever. The bartender says no dogs allowed, and the blind man says "this is my seeing eye dog." The bartender says okay.  The second man walks up with a Labrador. Again the bartender says no dogs allowed and the blind man says it's his seeing eye dog. The bartender says okay.  The third man walks up to the bartender and has a seat at the bar. The bartender says no dogs allowed and once more the blind man says this is my seeing eye dog. The bartender says that's a chihuahua, to which the blind man replies, "they gave me a chihuahua!??"
A vegan, an atheist, and a Cross-Fitter all walk into a bar .... I know because they immediately told everyone.
A man walks into a bar His head hurts
A horse walks into a bar... A horse walks into a bar and asks the bartender "On a right-angled triangle with the sides X, Y and Z, if X and Z are perpendicular, which side is opposite to the right angle?  The bartender responds "Y, the long face?"
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks "why the long face"  The horse replies "my alcoholism is tearing my family apart"
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... First one says give me half a pint. Second one says a quarter, third says an eighth. The bartender puts down one pint and says, you people need to know your limits. 
A man walks into a cold email server, He remarks "It's pretty drafty in here."
A horse walks into the bar Several people left because they realised the possible dangers of that situation.
A scientist walks into a bar A scientist walks into a bar and seems depressed.  The bartender asks "What's the matter?"  The scientist replies "Everything is matter."
A man walks into a room And he sees a man sitting in the middle of the room busy sawing a piece of wood with his hand. He looks up and sees another man dangling from the ceiling upside down. "What are you doing he asks the man on the floor?" "Are you stupid? I'm sawing this piece of wood in half" The man replies: "And your friend hanging from the ceiling?" "Isn't it obvious? He's a lightbulb" Responds the man sawing the wood. "Well tell him to get down before he hurts himself" The man sawing the wood stops abruptly and responds: "And work in the dark?!!"
A joke that is too long and doesn't have a punchline walks into a bar. He looked a bit gloomy. The bartender decides not to comment on this at first and just asks: "What can I get you?" The joke replies: "A beer please" - "ok, coming up". The bartender proceeds to take a glass out of the shelf and pours the joke a nice and cold beer. "Here you go". - "Thanks".  Around 20 minutes pass. The joke sits at the bar, drinking alone. Meanwhile, other people enter the bar. There are two attractive people in love, an old man who used to live a life of adventure and always has an anecdote to tell to the other guests (whether they ask him for it or not), a couple of tourists who have read about the bar in guides as "a place to hang out", some college kids who have read about the bar in guides as "a place to get wasted", and some regular guests who just give the barkeeper a slight nod to indicate they desire their usual drink.  The beer didn't seem to cheer up the joke at all. After around half an hour, the barkeeper finally decides to say something. He walks over to the joke and says "Hey buddy, what's wrong?" The joke sighs and says "I can't do anything right. My wife loves another man, my job is a dead end and my kids both act up in school. Plus, my back is killing me and no medication seems to help. I don't know what to do". The barkeeper proceeds to comfort the joke with a combination of experiences from his own life and self-help classics and it seems to help. It would be an overstatement to say the joke loved his life after their conversation, but he was clearly in a better mood than before. "Thanks, man. That was great advice", he said and smiled.   Some more guests kept coming in during the course of the night.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Hey.”   The horse says, “You read my mind, buddy.”
A pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar with a large steering wheel on the front of his pants. The bartender says, "Hey buddy, you know you got a steering wheel on your crotch?" The pirate responds, "Arrr, it be driving me nuts!"
Two men walk into a bar The first man orders some H2O. The second one says "That sounds good I'll have some H2O too. The second man dies
A rope walks into a bar And sees someone sitting at the bar reposting this joke. The rope hangs the reposter.
Harambe and his carer walk into a bar... The bar tender says, "What'll it be for you two?"  Harambe says, "I'll just have a beer thanks."  His carer says, "Actually he'll have just ice."  "Just Ice?" replies the bar tender?  "Yep. Justice for Harambe."
A horse walks into a bar... A horse walks into a bar, the bartender asks him "Why the long face?"  The horse replies:  "My crippling alcoholism has caused my wife to leave me."  The bartender says "Holy shit a talking horse!"
Two Terrorists walk into a bar Bartender says "What can I ge"
Stevie Wonder walks into a bar... and a chair, and a table.
A man walks into a pub, sits down, asks for a beer, wipes his sweaty forehead, and says, "T.G.I.F.!" The woman at the other end of the bar smiles at him, shakes her head, and replies, "S.P.I.T."  The man's puzzled, so he makes eye contact with her, and very clearly enunciates "T.G.I.F." The woman equally clearly enunciates "S.P.I.T."  "Lady, what the hell's that supposed to mean?  I don't think you get it.  T.G.I.F. means Thank God It's Friday!"  "*YOU* don't get it!  Sorry, Pal, It's Thursday!"
This termite walks into a bar... And says "Where's the bar tender?
A cat walks into a bar A cat walks into a bar and says "meow".  His friend walks into the same bar and says "me too".
An Elf, a Dwarf, and a Hobbit walk into a bar... All three proceed to eat, drink and have a good time, slamming down pint after pint of ale until finally the pub was closing. The bartender asks them how he should split the tab as it was a pretty hefty sum.  "I got this," replies the Elf as he looks at the bill. "My two friends here are always a little short anyway."
A man walks into a psychic barber shop Barber: say no more 
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar and shouts- "All lawyers are assholes! Immediately, a small, bespectacled man stands up in the back: "You take that back or I'll sue the pants off you!" The guy says- "See? Spoken like a true lawyer!"  The guy in the back says- "I'm not a lawyer- I'm an asshole!"
A Priest, rapist and murderer walk into a bar. And he orders a drink
A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot... The bartender says, "Wow! That is really cool! Where did you get it?"  "Africa", says the parrot.
A man walks into the doctors office with a penguin on his head The doctor looks at him and says, "Alright what's the problem here?" And the penguin goes, "Oy! Get this idiot off my foot!"
A man walks into a bar.... ...and spectacularly fails at Limbo.
An engineer and a scientist walk into a dive bar.... Smiling, happy, the engineer says, "Bartender, shots for everyone!"  The bartender leans in, confused, "I can tell you're not from around here. Are you sure you want to buy these people drinks?"  The scientist retorts with, "Make 'em doubles!"  The bartender deploys the drinks to everyone around the smoky bar, the newcomers raise their glasses, and everyone drinks.  The scientist and the engineer then pay their substantial tab, leave a generous tip, and pull away in a Tesla. Naturally, everyone is a bit confused about what just happened, but before long everyone gets back to NASCAR, NFL, Fox, country music, cigarettes, cheap beer, Trump, and arguing about Ford versus Chevy.  While the engineer sets the car to autopilot, the scientist pulls up this very joke, half composed, on his iPad, and with furrowed brow says, "We still need a punch line."  The engineer nods in affirmation, and says, "Look in the rear view mirror."  He looks. The small dive bar recedes into the darkness as the Tesla picks up speed, rapidly and silently.  "They don't even remember us. We worked our asses off, moved away to the city, competed with the brightest kids from around the globe, earned advanced degrees, and now we challenge global warming by designing advanced battery systems for electric cars. We have made a fortune along the way. I am 28. You are 29. Those townies will live and die back there. By choice. 14 mile per gallon trucks. Shit beer. Staying, sitting, stewing, and waiting for progress to come to them.  "There's your f-ing punch line."
A caddie walks into the club house... It was starting to rain and the golf course was about to close. He bumps into the wife of the main golfer he caddies for. She explains he is out of town and she it a bit lonely. One drink leads to a couple and before the caddie knows it he is back at her house, having sex with the woman.  Once done he is about to get dress when the woman purrs;  "My husband fucks me two times in a row!"  The caddie shrugs, gets back into the bed and fucks her again. Once again when done he gets up to dress when she moans;  "My husband usually fucks me three times in a row!"  The caddie nods, and fucks her again. This time before she can say anything he gets up and grabs his phone. The woman looks confused.  "Who you calling?" she asks. The caddie looks at her while he waits for the other person to answer.  "Your husband! I want to know what the par for this hole is!"
A limbo champion walks into a bar and was immediately disqualified
Two ninjas walk into a bar. They stole several glasses and a Vodka bottle, without the bartender noticing.
Man walks into a bar with a piece of tarmac.... He said " can i have a drink and one for the road"
A baby seal walks into a bar... Bartender asks "What'll it be kid?"  Seal plops a five on the counter and says "Anything but a Canadian Club."
An alcoholic walks into a bar. He's so drunk, he doesn't feel anything.
A man walks into the bar But fails since he was too busy drinking through law school 
So the Dalai Lama walks into a pizza shop And he says "Can you make me one with everything"
A pirate walks into a bar A pirate walks into a bar and has a ship's wheel sticking out his crotch. 'Does that not hurt?' asks the bartender. To which the pirate replies: 'Yaarr, it's driving me nuts!'
Godzilla walks into a bar The bar collapses
A dyslexic man walks into a bar And yells "Hands up mother fuckers! This is a stick up!"
A guy walks into a dentist's office and says, "I think I'm a moth." The dentist replies "You shouldn't be here. You should be seeing a psychiatrist..."   The guy replies, "I am seeing a psychiatrist."   The dentist asks, "Well, then what are you doing here?"   The guy says, "Your light was on." 
George Michael walks into a bar... Wham!
A bear walks into a bar and asks for a gin and............ .........tonic. The bartender says, "Okay, but why the big pause?" The bear looks down at his hands and replies, "I don't know, I was born with 'em." 
A man walks into a bar and takes a seat. He later gets arrested for petty theft.
A woman, a cuckold, a liar, a thief, a murderer, and a traitor walk into a bar. The bartender says: "What can I get you, Mrs. Clinton?"
A bear walks into a bar A bear walks into a bar and goes up to the bartender.   Bartender: What can I get you?  Bear: Can I get a ......................................………………..........................................................................................................................................................beer.   Bartender: What's with the big paws?
A girl walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre... so he gives it to her
A guy walks into a bar And orders a drink. As the bartender is pouring the mans drink, he notices the man sneezing multiple times, then reaches down his pants and wipes himself off. Wondering  the bartender asks " what the hell was that about?!" the man explains that he suffers from a rare medical condition. "Once I sneeze I cant help but orgasm." The bartender is amazed and asks "really? What do u use for that condition?!" the man just grins and says " Black pepper "
A Koala walks into a bar... A Koala bear walks into a bar, sits down and orders a BLT sandwich. The Koala eats the BLT sandwich, gets up, spins around, pulls a pistol out of his pouch, shoots the piano player, and proceeds to walk out of the bar. The bartender, in shock, shouts to the Koala, "Hey, who do you think you are, you ate my sandwich and shot my piano player, and just where do you think you're going!?" The Koala replies, "Hey, I'm a Koala. Look it up." The frustrated bartender pulls out a dictionary from behind the bar and looks up Koala: The dictionary said "n. a marsupial that eats shoots and leaves."
A blind man walks into a bar.. a table and a chair
A young guy walks into a bar. An old drunk sits with a shoe box on the stool next to him. A young guy walks into a bar. An old drunk sits with a shoe box on the stool next to him.  The guy asks, "What's in the box?"  The older guy says matter-of-factly, "A South American Blow Job Toad."  The young guy looks around. "Can I try it?"  The older guy nods. The young guy goes to the men's room and returns 20 minutes later.  "That was amazing," he says, "You've got to sell it to me."  The old drunk concedes to sell the toad for a hefty sum. The happy young man struts home and meets his wife at the door.  "Where the hell have you been? What's in the box?" she demands.  "South American Blow Job Toad."  "So?" asks the wife.  "So, teach it to cook and get the fuck out."
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks "why the long face?"  The horse proceeds to shit on the floor and run out of the bar, knocking over tables as it goes
An astronaut and an alien walk into a space bar... The astronaut doesn't say anything to the alien.   The alien doesn't say anything to the astronaut. 
A hamburger walks into a bar and orders a pint... The bartender looks up and says "Wow, I'm really tripping balls right now."
Two cigarette walks into a bar. Bartender praises the first one... the other one burns
A liberal arts student walks into a bar. (Insert pronoun here) can't buy anything.
A novellist walks into a publisher's A man walks into a publisher's with the first novel he's ever written, knowing the publisher is keen. "Right!", he says to the publisher comfortably. "I want three things; I want to make lots of money, I want it translated into 15 languages, and I want it to be republished for the rest of time!"  The publisher opens one of his accountancy books. "It's going to be difficult, but we'll do our best for your book".  The writer comes back the next week to find that the book can only go on sale for $5 per copy. "Dammit!" he says. "At least if it gets translated into 15 languages and gets republished, I'll be happy I guess."  The publisher opens another accountancy book. "That will be difficult aswell, but we'll do our best for your book".  The writer comes back the next week to find that the only languages his book can be translated into are gaelic and vulcan. "Dammit!" he says. "This is a disaster! I can't get anything I want! Can you just make it so my writing will be republished every week for eternity?!"  "That's simple" the publisher says. "Just post it on /r/jokes"
[long][dirty] A poor fellow walks into a hospital - Excuse me, is my healthcare card accepted here? - Sure - they reply, so he gets in line. Eventually, he gets into the examining room, a young doctress ask about his symptoms. - Well, it's kinda embarrassing. My foreskin makes weird noises when i pull it back from my penis. - Show me - so the guy take out his dong, and pulls back the foreskin - I didn't hear anything - said the doctress - Maybe you should try - The doctress gets on a glove and pulls back the foreskin - I still can't hear anything strange - Just try it a few more times The doctress pulls a few more times and the guy just cums into her hand. - Aw, that's gross, you awful bastard. If you wanted to just make somebody jerk off your prick, why didn't you just hire a whore for this? - I tried, but they didn't accept my healthcare card...
[Long] A panda walks into a fancy restaurant. He proceeds to order many different dishes. The waiter is confused about how the panda is going to pay for all the food; nevertheless he brings him the meal anyway.   When the panda is done eating, the waiter brings him the bill. But the panda simply pulls out a gun, shoots the waiter, and exits out the front door.   The manager emerges from the back, wondering what the loud noise is all about. He sees the waiter slumped on the table and frantically calls the cops.  When the cops arrive, they shake their heads and say, "I'm afraid we can't help you."  "Why not?!" The manager demands.   "Well, haven't you read a dictionary?" The cop responds. At the manager's look of confusion, the cop recites:  "Panda: a large bear like animal. *Eats shoots and leaves*" 
A proctologist walks into a bar Hostess: Would you like to take a stool or grab a seat?  Doctor: Hell no, just a beer, I do that all day. 
A Guy Walks Into a Bar With a Monkey The man sits down at the bar, orders a drink, and immediately the monkey is running all around the bar, causing havoc. Before long, the monkey jumps over to the bar, grabs a bowl of pretzels, and gobbles them down without hesitation. Next, the monkey devours an entire jar of cocktail olives in seconds. Without a moment's pause, the monkey jumps over to the pool table, grabs the cue ball, and swallows it whole. The bartender is furious.  "Your monkey is trashing my bar!!" He fumes "First he eats all my pretzels, then all my olives, and then my cue ball! How are my customers supposed to play pool?"  "I understand," The man replies, "Don't worry, I'll pay for everything my monkey breaks." Indeed, the man is true to his word. As soon as he finishes his drink, he collects his monkey, pays for everything, and leaves.  The next week, the same thing happens. Same man walks into the same bar with his monkey, he orders a drink, and the monkey goes wild. Suddenly, the monkey jumps to the bar, grabs a cherry, sticks it up his butt, then pulls it out and eats it. By now the bartender is livid.  "Did you see what your monkey just did!? He put a cherry up his ass, pulled it out and ate it! That's disgusting!!" He yells.  The man replies, "I know...ever since he had to pass that cue ball, he's been measuring everything first."
A redditor walks into a bar... "All of our servers are busy right now. Try again later."
A man walks into a bar and asks for 13 shots of tequila. The bartender remarks, "Wow! What's the occasion?"  The man replies, "I am celebrating my 1st blow job."  The bartender says, "Congratulations!  But why 13 shots?"  The man responds, "If that doesn't take the taste out of my mouth, nothing will..."
So a young Irishman walks into a bar... He sits down and orders a drink. No sooner has he taken his first sip when an old, withered man sits down next to him and claps an iron hand on his shoulder.  "Listen laddie, you see out the window yonder?  Tha' road tha' winds off in'o the distance?" asks the old man.    The younger guy says "Aye, I see't"   The old man continues, "I built that road with mah o'n two hands.  I lay e'ry stone and brick, painted e'ry mile marker.  I built tha' whole road, but they don't call me Gregor the roadbuilder.  "And ye see tha' pier tha' stretches ou' in'a tha' water?  I built that pier with mah own two hands.  I cut e'ry log and board with mah trusty axe, I pounded e'ry peg and nail.  I built that' dock with mah own two hands, but they don't call me Gregor the dock-maker"  "But you fuck one goat"
To Men walk into a bar They sit down and both buy the same drink. One man says "this scotch is delicious! I must hire the bartender for something!" The other man says "this is beer, the man who made this is terrible at his job!" The first man says" I will still hire him, he probably needs money." To this the other man says"you need to hire less people, you have a problem!" Then the first man says: "I know, I hired 7 Therapists to help me!"
A man walks into a bar... to drown himself in alcohol, because of the jokes made about him online.
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt... "One beer please," he says, "And another for the road."
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks "why the long face?" The horse unable to understand human speech promptly takes a dump on the floor and leaves
A guy walks into a bar the punchline doesn't matter because the real joke is always in the comments.
A man with Alzheimer's walks into a bar. A man with Alzheimer's walks into a bar.
A salmon walks into a vegetarian restaurant And the waiter says, “Sorry, we don’t serve fish.”
A guy walks into the vet with a Persian cat... He checks in, but before he can take a seat the docter rides in on a bmx bike, wheelies by and grabs the pussy.  "Sorry," the receptionist says, "but your breed of cat is subject to extreme vetting."
a redditor walks into a bar.. He walks up to the bar and orders a beer, to his left is a drunk in a cheep suit and a tweed hat absolutely pissed as a parrot and hunched over on the bar, to his right is man-mountain of a chap in black riding leathers embellished with Harley Davidson emblems and standing close to 3 foot wide and 7 foot tall. Our hero received his beer, picked it up and said "Tickle your arse with a feather!" And took a sip of his beer. The giant biker turned to him and snarled "WHAT DID YOU SAY?" To which he replied "Particularly nasty weather!" As he gestured with his glass in a friendly manner. The biker immediately cooled his jets and grumbled "Hmmf yeah" and turned back to the bar as our hero wandered off to sit in a booth. Now the drunk guy had witnessed the whole thing and thought it was absolutely brilliant, he decides to give it a go and moves over a space to be next to the biker. He then, a little louder than necessary, says "Shove a feather up your arse!" The biker turns around, grabs him by the collar and says "WHAT WAS THAT?" The drunk lifts his hat and with a smile says "Cunt of a day isn't it?"
So a neutron walks into a bar... ...And he asks the bartender "How much for a drink?"  The bartender replies, "For you? Free of charge"
A man walks into a bar... And the host says 'sorry. We are full because too many people are making 'walks into a bar' joke'. 
An amoralist, a nihilist, and a world-weary cynic walk into a bar. The bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve minors in here.".
A construction worker walks into a bar "Ouch!"
An iPhone 7 walks into a bar ... I'll have a Jack please!
Two men walk into a bar... They're blind, it happens.
Muhammad Ali walks into a bar So Muhammad Ali walks into a bar and orders a drink.  He gives the bartender ceramic money.  The Bartender says "I can't accept this your Cash Is Clay"
An amnesiac walks into a bar... He goes up to the bartender and says, "Do I come here often?"
A man walks into doctor's office with a duck attached to his head.  "Oh my god!" - exclaims the doctors in surprise - "How did this happen?".  - "I'm not sure exactly, but it all started a few month ago with a small growth on my foot" - replies the duck.
A man walks into a bar He sees a few pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling and so he asks the bartender about them. The bartender says "If you can jump and touch them, you get free drinks for the rest of the month, but if you miss, you cover everyone for the rest of the hour." The man thinks for a second and says "No. The stakes are too high"
A man walks into a bank demanding small change After a small wait, he walks up to the teller and says: "Hello, I would like some change please." To which the teller replies, "Sorry sir we don't deal in change any more all our money is virtual, if you want cash we recommend you go somewhere else, apologies for any inconveniences." The man, adamant to get some small change pleads, "PLEASE can I have some SMALL CHANGE." The teller, getting a little bit frustrated says again, "Sir we don't deal in change, sorry", to which the man replies, "Please can I have some change." The teller, infuriated, replies "SIR WE HAVE NO CHANGE! C-H-F-A-N-G-E!". The man, slightly bewildered replies, "There's no F in change?", to which the teller replies, "THAT'S WHAT I'VE BEEN TRYING TO TELL YOU!"
A horse walks into a bar. A Horse walks into a bar. The Bartender sees such a vivid depth of despair and ennui in the Horse's eyes, like the Horse has stared into the abyss and found the infinite void of nothingness so deep that the Horse could no longer believe that he himself nor anyone nor anything else existed. To say something exists requires knowledge of self, which requires knowledge of existence of the self,  an obviously impossible leap of logic, absurd to even attempt to conceive or contemplate. The Bartender, in that single instant within the Horse's mind, became the nothingness the Horse perceived,  and thus was rendered speechless. If neither the Horse, nor the Bartender, nor the bar itself can be said to exist, then why should he ask, how could he ask, "why the long face?" The question can have no meaning, and that which has no meaning cannot be stated. The Bartender, dumbstruck, not by realization of mortality but by fundamental doubt that he was ever alive, gazes into the endless depth of the Horse's eyes, and asks him, "Sir, I beg you say, do I exist?" The Horse replies, "Neighhhh..."
Three logicians walk into yet another bar. Bartender: "Ah, logicians. I know what you guys are like. Whatever I ask, at least one of you is going to answer 'I don't know' -- right?"  1st logician: "Uh ..."
So a man walks into a department store... (long) A Spanish-speaking man who didn’t speak English well was in an American store, looking to buy socks. Unable to find them, he approached a saleswoman who asked if she could help. "Quiero calcetines," the man said.  “I’m afraid I don’t speak any Spanish, but we have some nice suits on this side," said the woman, trying to be helpful.  “No, no quiero trajes. Quiero calcetines." said the man.  The woman said, "Well, what about these shirts? They’re on sale this week."  “No, no quiero camisas. Quiero calcetines," he said.  “I’m sorry, I still don’t know what you’re trying to say," said the saleswoman. "There are some fine pants on this rack."  The man insisted, "No, no quiero pantalones. Quiero calcetines."  “Our undershirts are over here," she tried, beginning to lose patience.  “No, no quiero camisetas. Quiero calcetines!" the man repeated.  But as they passed the underwear section, the man spotted a display of socks and grabbed a pair excitedly. Showing them to her, he exclaimed, "Eso sí que es!"  “‘Well, if you could spell it," said the exasperated saleswoman, "why didn’t you do that in the beginning?”
A midget walks into a doctors surgery The midget then asked the doctor how long he'd be and he replied, "I'll be a short while."  After 15 minutes the midget got irritated and shouted, "COME ON IT'S BEEN 15 MINUTES!" The doctor replied, "I'm sorry, you're gonna have to be a little patient."  After what seemed like hours he was finally called in. The doctor gave him some medicine and said, "Here, just take a tiny dosage 3 times a day. Sorry for the small wait. Hey is that your Mini parked outside?"
A prostitute walks into the doctor's office. The doctor does some exams and after getting the results back realises the woman is pregnant.  "Do you know who the father is?" Asks the doctor.  The prostitute proclaims, "Well doc, if you ate a can of beans would you know which one made you fart?"
A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign... A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads:  Cheese Sandwich: $1.50 Chicken Sandwich: $2.50 Hand Job: $10.00  He checks his wallet and beckons to the sexy bartender.  "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" he asks.  "Yes," she purrs. "I am."  "Well, wash your frickin' hands," says the man. "I want a cheese sandwich!"
Three logicians walk into a bar... The bartender asks, "would all three of you like a beer?"  The first one replies, "I don't know"  The second one replies, "I don't know either"  The third replies, "Yes all three of us would like a beer."
A man walks into a pet shop and says to the owner... "Ok, I want to buy a pet, but something special,something different."   The pet shop owner informs him that he has a talking centipede. "Really?" says the man "How much?"   The owner informs him that the talking centipede is 50 dollars.   Happy with the unusual offering the man pays the money and takes his new pet home.   After getting home, he lays the match box with the centipede in it on the table, opens it and says, "Hello Mr. Centipede, fancy going to the bar for a few drinks?"   The centipede says nothing.   Figuring it must be tired from the journey he decides to leave it for an hour and try again later.   An hour later he opens the match box and says "Hello Mr. Centipede, fancy going to the bar for a few drinks?"   The centipede again says nothing.   Starting to get suspicious the man decides he will give it one more hour, and if the centipede doesn't talk he will take it back to the shop for a refund.   An hour later the man opens the match box and says "Hello Mr. Centipede, fancy going to the bar for a few drinks?"   The centipede says "I heard you the first time you moron! I'm putting my shoes on!"
A preacher, priest and rabbi walk into a bar... They sit down and have a chat. Eventually they begin to discuss how they manage their living expenses.   The preacher says "On Sundays we have a collection. At the end of the day, I draw a line on the floor and throw all the money in the air. Whatever lands on the other side of the line is for the church and whatever lands on my side I keep."   The priest says, "Oh, I do something very similar except I draw a circle. I throw the money in the air, whatever lands in the circle belongs to the church and whatever lands outside of it I keep."   The rabbi says, "Oh, I do something very similar as well. I take the money and throw it in the air, whatever God wants he takes and whatever falls back down is mine." 
/r/askreddit walks into a bar.. What happens?
The past, present and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
A child molester, a conman and a priest walks into a bar He then sat down.
a man walks into a bar He orders a drink and screams "1 year sober today!"  The bar tender says, "are you sure you want me to pour this?"  The man replies "hell yeah, my wife's no fun since she stopped drinking."  Edit: redundant wording
Two men walk into a bar one wearing a cowboy hat and the other wearing a Yankees cap. The guy in the Yankees cap approaches the bartender and make a bet: "I'll bet you $1,000 that I can put a shot glass at one end of your bar and piss into it from the other end of the bar without spilling a drop."  The bartender laughs and says, "You're crazy, but you're on."  The man positions a shot glass on one end, walks to the other end and unzips his fly. He then pisses everywhere -- all over the walls, over the bar top, all over the bottles of booze, and all over the bartender. The bartender roars with laughter and tells the man to pay up.  The guy in the Yankees cap pays up, laughing and smiling, too.  "What are you smiling at?" asks the bartender. "You just lost $1,000!"  "Well, you see that guy in the cowboy hat over there crying? Before we came in, I bet him $10,000 that I could piss all over your bar, your walls, your liquor AND you, and not only would you not be mad -- you would laugh hysterically about it!"
So a duck walks into a bar Walks up to the bartender and asks, "Hey bartender, got any chap stick?"  Bartender looks a little puzzled and replies "No, I don't have any chap stick. You need a drink?"  The duck doesn't say anything and walks out of the bar.   The next day around the same time the duck goes back into the bar and asks "Hey bartender, got any chap stick?"  Bartender gets a little irritated. "You were just here yesterday. No, I don't have any chap stick."   The duck silently walks out of the bar.  The next day the same time the duck walks back in the bar and asks the bartender, "Hey bartender, got any chap stick?"  The bartender gets mad at this point and threatens, "If you come in here one more time without ordering a drink I'm going to nail your bill to the wall."    The duck walks out of the bar.  The next day the duck comes back again. This time the bartender is furious.  Casually the duck walks over to the bar and asks, "Hey bartender, got a nail?"   Puzzled, the bartender replies, "No, why?"  "Got any chap stick?" 
A man walks into a bar. The first thing he sees is gallon jar of twenty-dollar bills lounging suspiciously on the back counter.    "What's that for?" Queries the man, pointing.    "I'm glad you asked!" Says the bartender. "I've been running me an impossible contest, and it's twenty bucks to enter. You puts the money in and I pours ten of my special cocktails. To win the pot, you've gots to overcome three challenges." The bartender holds up his fingers and counts down, one by one.    "First, you've gots to drink all ten cocktails. Drain 'em dry.    "Second, there's a kennel out back where Ol' Measles the bulldog lives, and he's got him a rotten tooth that needs a-pullin'    "Finally, there's this ol' lady what been lonely for some special company for the past ten years.     "If'n you can drain them tumblers, snatch that there tooth, and make sweet love to the ol' lady you win the pot. Up for it?"      Clearly, the bartender was insane. "Not for me, thanks. Just give me a stout." The man takes his drink and sits as far away from the bar as possible.   As the night wears on, the man can't get that jar of money out of his head. That's a *lot* of money. And the bartender's challenge isn't really all that bad, not for that much money, and old ladies need love too. Besides, he'd be so blackout drunk from the cocktails he wouldn't remember a thing.     Having finally convinced himself, the man pulls out his twenty and shuffles up to the bar.      "WE HAS OURSELVES A NEW CHALLENGER!" The bartender yells as he lines up ten glasses. The entire bar stops what they are doing and circles the man, excited and cheering.     By the third drink, the man is already sloshed. By the fifth, he can hardly stand. At the seventh, he has to take a break and make more room. But finally, somehow, slurring and stumbling the bartender shows him the way to the kennel and explains which tooth he'll have to pull.     "Glott idt," he garbles, and the bartender shuts the door behind him.     Someone unplugs the juke box and the patrons crowd around the back door, listening. There are sounds of clinking and clanking. Shuffling. A latch. Everything is quiet.     And then it begins. Growling turns to barking, barking evolves into the sounds of a most vicious struggle, man against beast.     Ripping and scratching and biting and colliding. Something breaks with a loud BANG. Every so often the patrons hear the man scream like there's bloody murder. Finally, there's a pained yelping from the dog and a deep, choked silence.      The patrons lean together towards the door, straining to hear. Did the man survive? Did the dog?     An insistent knock scares the literal pee out of a  poor lady with her ear to the door at that moment, but nobody notices because when the door opens it does so to a scene from a horror film.     The man is drenched in blood. His clothing is shredded and caked in mud. The kennel is broken. Part of the man's ear is missing. Ol' Measles is whimpering in the far corner.    "Oh lordy", whispers the bartender. The man drunkenly limps inside, leaving a trail of mud and blood.     The bartender is just beginning to wonder how he's even alive when the man asks, slurry but business-like:      "So, where'sh that old lady with a toothache?"        
16 sodium atoms walks into a bar.... followed by Batman.
A lawyer walks into a bar. Says "Hey can I get two beers. One for me one for my colleague who is right behind me. He must have gotten lost."  A minute later the other lawyer walks in and says "Sorry, I passed the bar!" 
A bear walks into a bar... Bear sits next to deer. Bear says, "Can i have.................... a drink."   deer says, "what's with the big paws"
A screwdriver walks into a bar... The Bartender says, "Hey! We have a drink named after you!"   The Screwdriver says, "You have a drink named Murray?"
A photon walks into a hotel... Upon entering, the bellhop asks "excuse me sir, do you need help carrying your luggage?".  The photon replies "No thanks, I'm travelling light."
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks, "why the long face?"  The horse starts crying. In between the sobs, he says "it's not my fault I look like Sarah Jessica Parker!"
A blind man walks into a bar.... then a table, and then a chair.
A dyslexic dwarf walks into a pub... A dyslexic dwarf walks into a pub and orders a mint.    The landlord says: "Sorry, we don't serve your typo here."    The dwarf says: "Come on, I've been served that one before." 
A woman and her two snot nosed screaming kids walk into Walmart. She's still wearing her pajamas and her hair looks like it hasn't been combed in days.  She is screaming and cussing at her kids when she is approached by an old man working as a door greater.   The greeter says "what lovely kids, are they twins"?  The woman replies "are you blind or just dumb? They are two years apart and look not a damn thing alike."  The man grins and says "No I just can't believe someone had sex with you twice"   
What happens when an Asian with an erection walks into a wall? He breaks his nose.
A sergeant and two men from his unit walk into a bar 'Would you like to play pool?' The sergeant asked the attractive barmaid.  'No thanks darling' she replies. 'I'd rather play with your privates.'
A Grandfather walks into a bar the bar was too low, grandfather had a bad eyesight, tripped, fell, died.  Amen
A donkey, a calf and a foal walk into a bar... Its not a joke, it really happened in Melbourne not that long ago
An american walks into a english pub ... ... before the dinner rush, sees that he is the only customer and goes to the publican.   "Excuse me sir! How much for a beer?" he asks the publican  "For you good sir. 2 Pence." He replies.  "2 PENCE! 2 PENCE! Wow that is really cheap. Okay how much for a toasted sandwich?"  "5 pence sir" he replies.  "5, 5 PENCE! okay how  much is it for a nice juicy steak with no fat and a mountain of chips?" the customer asks.  "Well for 15 pence you could have all that plus bottomless beer, that I will refill when your glass gets to be about a quart empty."  "15 PENCE! Wow, that is a real good steel. Where is your boss? 'cause I want to ask him how he can keep his prices so low?" the customer says as he pulls a bar stool close to him to sit on.  "Well sir, he is upstairs with my wife." the publican says with a hint of sorrow in his voice.  The customer is a bit quizzical. "What is he doing upstairs with your wife?"  Then a large group of English football fans come in and start taking up seats at the bar and tables. The bartender starts to grin smugly.  "The same thing I am about to do to his business."  (note - publican is what you would call a bartender in a bar)
Chris Christie walks into White Castle And sits down at the booth.  "I'll have a few cheese and a few plain please."  After Chris gets his food, he gets into a political talk with the waiter.  "So I was thinking of running for president," Christie says. The man chuckles and says," trust me, Mr. Christie. This is the only White House you'll ever be in."
A little old lady walks into the Bank of Canada with a bag of money.  She insists that she must speak with the president of the bank.  She tells the bank president that she has accumulated several hundred thousand dollars over the years and would like to open a trust in the bank.  The president is curious, so he asks her, "Where did you get all this money?" The old lady replies, "I make bets."  The president then asks, "Bets? What kind of bets?"  The old woman says, "Well, for example, I'll bet you $25,000 that your balls are square."  "Ha!" laughs the president, "That's ridiculous -- you can never win that kind of bet!"  The old lady challenges, "So, would you like to take my bet?"  "Sure," says the president, "I'll bet $25,000 that my balls are not square!"  The little old lady says, "OK. I'll bring my lawyer with me tomorrow at 10 a.m. as a witness, and we'll see."  The next morning, the little old lady appears with her lawyer at the president's office. "OK," she says, "Time to drop your pants and settle this bet."  The president complies. The little old lady peers closely at his balls and asks if she could feel them. "Well, OK," says the bank president, "since there's so much money on the line."  Just then, the lawyer starts banging his head against the wall. The president asks the old lady, "What the hell's the matter with your lawyer?"  She replies, "I bet him $50,000 that at 10 a.m. today, I'd have the president of the Bank of Canada's balls in my hand." 
A jumper cable walks into a bar... The bartender says, "I'll serve you, but don't start anything."
So a man walks into a bar on a Saturday evening . . . 'Ouch!' he exclaims. 
A helium atom walks into a bar The bartender says: sorry, we don't serve noble gases here.  The helium atom doesn't react.
An Englishman, an Irishman and a Spaniard walk into a bar.. The Icelander couldn't come because he was still at the European Cup
A horse walks into a bar Bartender looks at him and says your face is very long
An Englishman, a Scotsman, and an Irishman walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them and says "What is this - some kind of joke?".
A man walks into a bar and orders a drink the bartender serves him. After having his drink, the man pays the bartender and tries to leave.   The bartender scratches his head and says "Wait!!!! aren't you supposed to say something funny?"  but the man just ignores the bartender and leaves.
A termite walks into a bar And asks "is the bar tender here?"
Three blondes walk into a bar.... Then the brunette ducks
A rope walks into a bar... And says to the bartender, "I'll have a beer!".  The bartender says, "we don't serve ropes here, get out!" And the rope leaves.   Next day the rope goes into the same bar, and says,"I'll have a beer!". The bartender says, "I told ya yesterday, no ropes here! Get out!"  The third day, the rope ties himself into a pretzel, and takes his head and combs it loosely, so it's quite disheveled.  He walks into the bar, sits down, and asks for a beer.  "Say," says the barkeep, "aren't you a rope?"  The rope replies, "No, I'm a frayed knot."
A guy walks into a bar with a pet alligator by his side. He puts the alligator up on the bar. He turns to the astonished patrons. "I'll make you a deal. I'll open this alligator's mouth and place my genitals inside. Then the gator will close his mouth for one minute. He'll then open his mouth and I'll remove my unit unscathed. In return for w itnessing this spectacle, each of you will buy me a drink."  The crowd murmured their approval. The man stood up on the bar, dropped his trousers, and placed his privates in the alligator's open mouth. The gator closed his mouth as the crowd gasped. After a minute, the man grabbed a beer bottle and rapped the alligator hard on the top of its head. The gator opened his mouth and the man removed his genitals unscathed as promised. The crowd cheered and the first of his free drinks were delivered.  The man stood up again and made another offer. "I'll pay anyone $100 who's willing to give it a try". A hush fell over the crowd. After a while, a hand went up in the back of the bar. A woman timidly spoke up. "I'll try, but you have to promise not to hit me on the head with the beer bottle". 
A man walks into a bar So a man walked into the bar carrying a roll of Tarmac. He orders one pint and one for the road.
A large woman wearing a muumuu walks into an Irish pub. She raised her right arm, revealing a huge, hairy armpit and, as she pointed to all the people sitting at the bar she asked, "What man here will buy a lady a drink?"  The bar went silent as patrons tried to ignore her. But down at the end of the bar, an owly-eyed drunk slammed his hand down on the counter and bellowed, "Give the ballerina a drink!"  The bartender poured the drink and the woman chugged it down.  She turned to the patrons and again pointed around at all of them, revealing the same hairy armpit, and asked, "What man here will buy a lady a drink?"  Once again, the same little drunk slapped his money down on the bar and said, "Give the ballerina another drink!"  The bartender approached the little drunk and said, "Tell me, Paddy, it's your business if you want to buy the lady a drink, but why do you keep calling her the ballerina?"  The drunk replied, "Any woman who can lift her leg that high has got to be a ballerina!"
Old biker walks into a bar... A crusty old biker out on a long summer ride in the country pulls up to a tavern in the middle of nowhere, parks his bike and walks inside.  As he passes through the swinging doors, he sees a sign hanging over the bar:  COLD BEER: $2.00  HAMBURGER: $2.25  CHEESEBURGER: $2.50  CHICKEN SANDWICH : $3.50  HAND JOB: $50.00  Checking his wallet to be sure he has the necessary payment, the ole' biker  walks up to the bar and beckons to the exceptionally attractive female bartender who is serving drinks to a couple of sun-wrinkled farmers.  She glides down behind the bar to the ole biker.  "Yes?" she inquires with a wide, knowing smile, "may I help you?"  The ole biker leans over the bar, "I was wondering young lady," he whispers, "are you the one who gives the hand-jobs?"  She looks into his eyes with that wide smile and purrs "Why yes, yes, I sure am".  The ole' biker leans closer and into her left ear whispers softly, "Well, wash your hands real good, cause I want a cheeseburger
A girl walks into a bar. She's a very good looking girl. Red hair, mini skirt the works. She walks up to the bar and orders a rum &amp; coke. They get to talking and before you know it she has almost finished off the whole bottle. She stumbles to the bathroom and doesn't return for some time. The bartender curious if the girls alright, goes in to check on her. To his surprise she's passed out on the bathroom floor and the spread eagle no panties or anything. His lust got the best of them and ended up having sex with her right there on the bathroom floor. He finishes up and goes back to the bar like nothing happend. She wakes up doesn't say a thing, calls a cab and goes home..  The next night rolls around, the same girl comes in. Order the rum and coke again gets plastered, passing out on the bathroom floor once again. The bartender brings the barkeep in in it this time and they double-team her, finish up &amp; return to work like nothing happend. Once again she gets up seems to have no recollection &amp; goes home.   Well the third night rolls around and the chick comes into the bar once again. She's approaches the bartender and he asks "What will you have doll, a rum &amp; coke?" he says with grin. She replies "No I'll just have a glass of water, rum and coke makes my pussy hurt."
A panda walks into a bar He tells the bartender, "I'll have a scotch and....................................................a coke, thank you."  "Sure thing," replied the bartender, "but why the big pause?"  "I was born with them," says the panda raising his paws.
A man walks into a bar His alcoholism is tearing his family apart
A girl walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre... so he gave it to her.
A man and a dog walk into a bar... ...and walk straight up to the bartender. "If I can prove my dog is the smartest dog in the world" asks the man, "will you pick up my tab tonight?"  "The smartest dog in the world you say?" the bartender asks curiously, "You're on."  The man turns to his dog. "Okay Sparky, what's that stuff on the outside of a tree called?"  **"BARK!"**  The man turns back to the bartender and smiles, confident he had just won a night of drinks. "Oh come on!" exclaimed the bartender, "All dogs say 'bark'!"  A bit taken aback the man turns back to his dog. "Alright. Sparky, what's the top of a building called?"  **"RUFF!"**  "Alright that's enough" says the bartender, obviously being made a fool of at this point, "You're picking up your own tab tonight."  "Wait!" says the man, "Give me one last shot, I'll ask him a tough one." The man turned back to his dog, "Sparky, if you were to take an objective approach, where would you say Tiger Woods' golf game suffers the most?"  **"ROUGH!"**  "Okay, I've had enough!" shouts the bartender, "Get the hell out of my bar."  The man and his dog leave in defeat with the heads down. As they begin to walk back the dog turns to the man and says, "Do you think I should have said it was his putting?"
A guy walks into a sperm bank wearing a ski mask and holding a gun. He goes up to the nurse and orders her to open the vault. She says, “But, sir, it’s just a sperm bank!”  “Open it now!” he demands.  She opens the vault, and it’s full of samples.  “Take one and drink it,” says the guy.  “But it’s sperm!” she pleads.  “Do it!”  So the nurse sucks it back.  “That one there, drink that one as well,” he continues.  The nurse does as she’s told.  Finally, after four samples the man takes off his ski mask. It’s her husband! “See?” he says. “Was it that bad?”
Lee Harvey Oswald walks into a bar... and shoots some Jack
A guy walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat next to another guy.  The first guy says, "That's a familiar accent you got there, where ya from?"  The other guy says "I'm Irish".  First guy says "I'm Irish too! Where did you live in Ireland?"  The second guy says "Dublin".   First guy:"Me too! When did you graduate?"  SG:"1978. What about you?"  FG:"I graduated in '78 too. Where'd you go to school?"  SG:"Saint Mary's. and you?"  FG"I went to Saint Mary's too!"  About that time, a new person walks into the bar. says to the bartender, "What's goin on?"   The bartender says, "oh nothing much, the O'Reilly brothers are drunk again."
A man walks into a bar.... Ouch!!!
A kid walks into a bar.    He walks up to the bartender and orders a shot of whisky. As soon as the shot touches the bar the kid  downs it and orders a second shot.   The bar tender sets the whisky down on the bar and just as he did before the kid downs it.   The bar tender looks at the kid and asks  "Are you celebrating something?"   The kid looks at the bartender and replies "Yes sir my first blowjob!"   The bartender   proceeds to grab a bottle of top shelf whisky pours the kid a shot and tells him it's on the house.   The kid slams down the shot just as he had the first two.   "What do you think about that whisky?" Asks the bartender.   The kid looks at him and says "If that doesn't get the taste out of my mouth nothing will."
Rene Descartes walks into a bar. The Bartender asks "Do you want a drink?" Descartes says "I think not," and *poof*. He's gone. 
A guy walks into a bar... The real joke is in the comments.
A blind man walks into a fish store ... and says: "Whats up girls".
So a horse walks into a bar and the bartender asks Why do you look so sad and the horse says well i haven't gotten a bj in months the bartender says she will do it so she gets on her knees and starts sucking the horse off. The horse is so big she has to stretch her lips out as far as they can go Then the horse looks down and asks why the long face?
Guy walks into a bar and says "Give me a 'bad hombre'" The bartender fills the glass with liquor, lights it on fire and throws it in his face.
An British man, an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar The Irishman says 'Hey, is this some kind of joke?'
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar and he falls down.
A man walks into a barber shop.. A man walks into a barber shop looking to get a clean shave. The barber gives him a small wooden egg and tells him to put it under his cheek to help with the shave. The man is skeptical at first but he inserts it into his mouth and sure enough, the shave is done beautifully with no nicks or scratches. The man, thrilled at this discovery says, "This thing it's great! Tell me, what happens if I swallow it by accident?" The barber just smiles and says, "In that case, you just bring it back tomorrow like everyone else."
A lonely guy walks into a bar... ....he sits at the bar and orders a drink. As he is sipping his drink, he notices a gentleman cruising around the bar. He goes up to a young lady, whispers in her ear, and they walk upstairs together to a private room. A few minutes later, the man and woman come out looking disheveled like they just had the greatest sex ever.   The lonely guy is amazed. He can't believe his eyes. Then, the suave guy strolls up to another young lady and does the same thing. Minutes later they are walking out of the private room looking like they had amazing sex.  Now the lonely guy has moved on to his second drink and the suave gentleman saddles up to the bar next to him for a drink of his own. The lonely guy leans over and says, "I have noticed you getting all kinds of action tonight, would you please share your secrets with a lonely guy such as myself?"  The suave gentlemen looks at the poor lonely guy, feels bad for him and says, "Okay, just this once I will share my greatest getting laid secret. When you find a young lady you would like to sleep with, you come up behind her and whisper in her ear 'tickle your ass with a feather?' If she is interested, you go for it, if not you say 'typically nasty weather' like she didn't hear you right and you are off scott free."  The lonely guy is amazed. It couldn't be this easy. Then he watches as the suave gentleman goes on to get yet another young lady upstairs to the private room for sexy time.  The lonely guy thinks, I can do this, I just need a few more drinks to get brave enough. So he switches to the hard stuff and downs a few more to build up his courage.  An hour later, the lonely guy is lit and feeling confident. He scans the room to find a nice looking lady that looks to be in his league and stumbles over to her.   In a loud whisper, he says, "Cram a feather up your ass?"  She says, "What!?!?"  He replies, "It's fucking cold outside!"
A student walks into a classroom naked... ... And late on the first day of school.   The teacher eyes the child and hesitantly asks,  "Why were you late?"   "I was atop of Blueberry Hill, miss."  The teacher lets the student get dressed and sit down. Around a quarter hour later, another student comes in naked as well.   "And why were you late?" the teacher questions.  "I was atop of Blueberry Hill, miss!"  Annoyed, the teacher lets the student get dressed and sit. Five minutes after, a naked girl comes in.   "Let me guess: Blueberry Hill?"  "Yes, that's my name, miss."   
An elephant never walks into a bar He only drinks to forget
A skeleton walks into a bar ... and orders a beer and a mop
A drunk man walks into a shooting gallery at the funfair... And he gives it a go. He shoots all targets in a flash and the owner of the gallery is stunned, but gives the man a prize; a small turtle.  The next day, the same man comes stumbling in, again very drunk, and wants to shoot again. So he clumsily grabs the gun and starts shooting and yet again, he manages to shoot all targets. The owner scratches his head but still gives the man his prize; another small turtle.  Third day; same story. The drunk manages to hit the targets even faster than ever! The owner is flabbergasted but gives him a different prize; a goldfish, to which the drunk replies:   'Where are the crunchy cookies?'
A software engineer walks into a bar. He sits down and sees the bartender yelling at the computer when trying to process a customer's order.  "Why are you yelling at the computer?" the engineer asks.  "Nothing is working! The software on the computer is riddled with bugs!" responds the bartender.  The engineer takes a look at the computer and notices the software it is running was actually written by himself a few years earlier. Immediately, he gets offended.  "Those aren't bugs!" the engineer yelled. "Those are alternative features!"
A man walks into a balloon store. The storekeeper asks, "What can I get for you today?" The man says, "I'm looking for some Patriots themed balloons for my Super Bowl party." The storekeeper looks at him for a second, then says,   "Sorry, those are all deflated." 
Why did the chicken walk into the light? To get to the other side.
A blind man walks into a bar... and a table... and a chair.
Three men walks into a bar. The fourth man ducks.
Past, present, and future walk into a bar... It was tense.
One day, a viola player walks into his orchestra, and finds a lamp... He rubs the lamp, and out pops a genie.      "I WILL GRANT YOU THREE WISHES! What is your first wish?" he booms.     "I want to be the best viola player in my orchestra." says the player.      "YOUR WISH IS MY COMMAND!"      The next day he comes in to orchestra practice and sees he has been promoted to 1st Violas.     "Wow!" he thinks, it really worked.      Once again, the genie pops out of the lamp.     "What is your second wish?" he asks.     "I want to be the best viola player in the country." he says.    "YOUR WISH IS MY COMMAND!"      Once again, the next day, the viola player walks in and is instantly congratulated by everyone around him. Critics gave him the status of best player in the country after playing in the concert last night!      For the last time, the genie pops out of the lamp.     "What is your final wish?" he asks.     "I want to be the best viola player in the world." he says.    "YOUR WISH IS MY COMMAND!"       After his last wish, the viola player is ecstatic to become the best viola player in the world.  The next day, the viola player walks into the orchestra, and this time, he goes in, and he sits down with the second violins.
Three Valve employees walk into a bar Three Valve employees walk into a bar and sit down in front of the bartender.  The first employee asked for a pint, and the bartender serves him one graciously.  The second employee asks for two pints, and again the bartender gives him what he wants without question.  The third employee asks for three pints, but this time the bartender doesn't give him what he wants, he only gives him two pints.  The poor lad looks at the bartender and asks him why he didn't get his third pint. The bartender looks at him and says, " You obviously don't work for Valve, they don't do anything more than two".  
So, a Mexican, a Russian, and a Chinese man all walk into a bar... *ring ring* Hello? Yes. Oh... Okay... Hey sorry, guys. The US government just told me I'm not allowed to finish this joke.
So A C and E walk into a music bar... The bartender says "I'm sorry, we don't serve minors."
A man walks into a cab.. A man was in a new city and got into a cab. He told the driver the address and they took off. They were going at a leisurely pace when the driver jumped a red signal.  The man bent forward from the back seat and said, "Hey buddy, I'm not in a rush! So there's no need to jump a red one." The driver replied, "Don't worry! I know what I'm doing. My brother taught me how to drive!" Just as he said it, they jumped another red signal. The man raised his voice and said, "Dude just wait at the red light, will you?!" The driver wasn't the least disturbed and said, "My brother taught me good, okay? You just sit back and relax!" They jumped a couple more red signals and the man was getting furious now. The driver never lost his smile and  kept mentioning his brother. Just as the man was about to tell the driver to stop the cab to get down, they stopped at a green signal. The man was bewildered and asked, "NOW why did we stop?! It's green!" The driver replied, "Yeah, I know! My brother might cross us now!"
A string walks into a bar  and orders a beer. The bartender says "We don't serve strings here."   Causing the string walk out of the bar and tie himself in a knot and fray his end.  The string walks back in and orders another beer. The bartender looks at him and says, "Hey aren't you a string?" The string replies, "No, I'm a frayed knot."
A black guy, a white guy, and a brown guy walk into a bar.... The bartender says, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
Two guys walk into a bar... ... The third one ducks
Two men walk into a bar The third one ducks
Alright, so this guy walks into a bar, yeah Asks the bartender for a coke. Bartender says he's all out but he has an apple that tastes exactly like coke. The patron is skeptical but says, "aight, I try dat apple". Bartender reaches in and grabs an apple from a big bowl of at least 50 apples. Hands it to the guy. Guy bites in and can't believe how much it tastes like a coca-cola.  Minutes later another patron bellys up to the bar and requests a Crown and soda. Barkeep says, "How bout an apple that tastes just like a Crown and soda?" Customer says, "fuck it, alright". Bartender grabs another apple and gives it to this customer. "Holly shit!", exclaims the new customer, "this tastes just like a Crown Royale and soda". The bartender goes on tell the gentleman that he has an apple that tastes like anything they could want. Not long after another man comes to the bar. The first to guys say, "hey, partner, what you gettin?" "Just a Bud", he replies with a grimace. "Naw, mane, this bartender apparently has an apple that tastes like anything you want", one of the fellers tells him. "Dat right, palooka?" The new guy hollas at the bartender. "That's right, Ponchie" the bartender quips back. "Aight, den, gimme an apple that tastes like pussy" Without hesitation the bartender digs through the bowls and tosses the guy an apple. The guys looks around with a face of doubt and irritation at an empty bar then back to two fellows at the bar both wearing the same shit-eating grin, nodding "gohead" in anticipation. He shakes his head and takes a bite. "Pwahhh!!!" He spits it right out. "Dafuq, this tastes like shit!"  The bartender sighs, "ugh, turn it around"
An Irish man walks into a bar... And never walks out
An Asian guy walks into the most tolerant bar in the world... (Long)  The gay bartender asks, "First time here? What can i get you, buddy?"   The guy says, "I'm not a buddy, Homo Henry. You insightful and handsome barkeep!" And punches the bartender in the face.   A black man in a wheelchair rolls up and says, "Hey! Who do you think you are?  No need to hit people, pal."   The guy says, "My name is not pal, Wheelchair Willy. You physically challenged, yet inspiring person!" And punches him in the face.   A transsexual notices the commotion and says "Whoa! Please stop! You are obviously new here. This is a tolerant bar. Why are you punching everyone, dude?"   The guy responds, "The name is not dude, Trans Terry.  You charming and talented individual! How's the new album coming along?"  And  punches him/her in the face.  This goes on for a few minutes. Mike the Jewish Muslim, "perceptive and articulate". POW!   Frank the Furry, "artistic genius, great TED talk". POW!   Breastfeeding Betty and her Albino Baby, "empowering and courageous, really enjoyed the blog." POW! POW!   Kind Old Colorblind Carl, "pretty chill, and just all around cool guy." POW!   Finally an attractive white feminist walks up says, "Hey! Stop that! What's with all the face punching, guy?"   "Finally! Someone remembers my name!"   "What's your name!? " She asks.  "My name is Guy! But I prefer to be called Face Punching Guy now. I came here a few weeks ago, and met all of you. I can't believe everyone here forgot me. I remembered all of you, and your cool nicknames! You're Feminist Franny. I bought you and the whole bar a few rounds."  She asks, "So, Guy, you just been punching all these people because they forgot who you are? That's not very tolerant!"    To which he replies, "No, no! It's all a big misunderstanding!  I've always identified as a face puncher. I just never had the courage to do it until recently.  I'm sure I told everyone here I was transitioning. That's why I bought the drinks last time!"  Face Punching Guy continues, "I guess I figured if I face punched a few people tonight, maybe they would remember me.  I apologize if I offended anyone. But if you can't accept me for who I am, it's ok, I'll just be on my way, and try to find a more tolerant establishment..."  Well, the regular patrons called a meeting to discuss the situation.   Everyone in the bar felt awful that they forgot the face punching guy.    And they all noted that he had said some pretty nice and accurate things before face punching them.   Besides, this was the most tolerant bar in the world, so they agreed to accept him for who he was.  So, Feminist Franny goes back and tells him, "We all just want to express how sorry we are for forgetting you. And we accept you for who you are. And we really appreciate that you remembered all those personal details about each and everyone of us. You are obviously a very observant and nice guy."  "Thanks!" He replies. "I'm so glad you understand, Franny. You stuck up bitch who gave me a fake phone number."  And punches her in the face.   
The flower pot men, Bill and Ben, walk into a Bar. "Flobadobdob" says Ben. Bill then says"Go home Ben, you're drunk". 
A woman walks into a bar… She sits down and orders a drink. "Just give me anything," she says. A female bartender, new on the job, notices the woman applying a thin layer of lipstick with trembling hands. "Are you… okay?"   "What this? This ain't anything new." She pauses. "It's the crime. This town seems overrun by it. Every day there is a new bad guy and who do they call to straighten things out?"  "The police?" asks the bartender innocently.  "Try again." The patron takes out her phone and places it on an adjacent bar stool. Then she kicks off one of her stilettos and begins pecking at her smartphone with her big toe.  The bewildered bartender whistles for her brother - owner and town local - to come check it out.  Suddenly, a gust of wind blows into the bar revealing the patrons silky red cape. "What the… Is that a cape you're wearing?" the bartender asks with wide eyes. But the patron seemed too involved in her phone and trembling lipstick application to answer. "Say, what's your name?" the bartender asks.   "Cali."  Finally, the bartender's brother comes out from the kitchen. "Who is that?" she asks him pointing at Cali. He responds, "Who her? That's just Super Cali, Fragile Lipstick. Texting with her toe, sis."
Two scientists walk into a bar. One asks for H2O, and the other asks for H2O too. They both die because the bar was in Flint, Michigan
A superposition walks into a bar . . . . . . or ***did*** it???
A golden retriever walks into a bar Stop reading if you heard this one before. The dog sits at the bar, locks eyes with the bartender and wearily says "One beer, one shot, please."  The bartender says "Holy moly! A talking dog! You should be in the circus, buddy!"  The goldie says "Why? Do they need an electrician?"
the head brewmasters of Budweiser, Miller, and Guinness walk into a bar.. the brewmaster of Budweiser orders first and proudly asks for the most popular brew in America, a Bud Light.   the brewmaster of Miller smiles and asks for a true original, a Miller Lite.   the brewmaster of Guinness winces and orders a Diet Coke.   "a Diet Coke?!," exclaim the others.. "don't you drink Guinness?"  "well shit no one else was having beer I didn't want to be the only one," he complained. 
A hairless cat walks into a bar He hops onto a seat and orders a drink. The bartender is surprised to see the cat is wearing an elegant mink coat, and further, that it is made to fit the size and shape of a cat.   The bartender says “That’s a mighty fine coat you’re wearing. I’ve never heard of coats made for cats, did you design it yourself?”  “Oh no,” said the cat, “if I made coats I’d be a little furrier.”  
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar and sees three pieces of meat on the ceiling. So he walks up to the bartender and asks him, "what's with the meat up there?" The bartender smiles and replies, "it's a challenge. If you can jump up and hit the meat then you get free drinks for the night. If you miss then you pay for everyone's for an hour. Would you like to try?" The man considers his odds before replying, "no, the steaks are too high."
A man walks into a bar, His alcoholism is destroying his family.
A man walks into a bar and orders a Manhattan. The drink comes and he sees a piece of parsley floating in the glass.   "What in the world is this?"    The bartender says, "Central Park."
Two blondes walk into a bank You'd think one of them would've seen it.
So two guys walk into a bar... the third guy ducks
A little boy walks into a whore house dragging a dead frog... He goes up to the man at the counter and say "excuse me sir, I'd like a woman please."  The man replies "sorry son, but you're much too young."  So the little boy puts a hundred dollar bill on the counter.   And the man says "okay go to room 4."  Then the little boy says "wait I need a woman with active herpes."   The man says "sorry all our girls are clean."  The boy puts another hundred dollar bill on the counter.   The man says "okay go to room 2."  So the little boy goes to the room with the prostitute and his dead frog, is in there for twenty minutes then comes out and goes to leave. But the man, full of curiosity cannot resist asking the boy "why did you want herpes and what's with the dead frog?"  The little boy replies "when I go home I will have sex with the babysitter, giving her the herpes. Then when my dad drives her home, she will give it to him. Then when my parents have sex tonight, he will give it to my mom. And when my father goes to work in the morning my mom will give it to the pool boy and he's the BASTARD THAT RAN OVER MY FROG!"
A guy walks into a bar... Ouch. 
A man walks into a bar Sees the prices, hanging in the wall:  Beer: $2  Whisky: $4  Cheese bread: $6  Squeeze sexual organ: $10  He checks his wallet and noticed he has enough! He goes and asks one of the stunning bartenders:  "Excuse me, are you one of the girls who squeeze the clients' sexual organs?"  "Yes, I am", says the girl with a beautiful smile and a caliente voice  "Ok. Go wash your hands. I want two cheese breads, please."
A horse walks into a bar, and the bartender asks, "Why the long face?" "Because alcoholism has destroyed my life and my family.  Let me get your rail whiskey."
A blind man walks into a bar Then into a table  Then into a chair
A skeleton walks into a pub And says give me a lager and a mop. 
A man walks into a bar. A man walks into a bar with a ski mask, and a suitcase that happens to be on fire. He says "NOBODY MOVE! I'M PACKING HEAT HERE!"
A secretary walks into Churchill's office "Mr. Churchhill you are drunk!" he replies: "And you are ugly, but tomorrow i will be sober."
A priest and a rabbi walk into a bar... The priest says to the rabbi, 'Wanna hear a joke?'. The rabbi says, 'Sure.' The priest says, 'Alright so a priest and a rabbi walk into a bar. The priest says to the rabbi, "Wanna hear a joke?". The rabbi says, "Sure." The priest says, "Alright so a priest and a rabbi walk into a bar. The priest says to the rabbi, "'Wanna hear a joke?'". The rabbi says, "'Sure.'" The priest says, "'Alright so a a priest and a rabbi walk into a bar. The priest says to the rabbi, ""Wanna hear a joke?"". The rabbi says, ""Sure."" The priest says ""Alright so a priest and a rabbi walk into a bar. The priest says to the rabbi, ""'Wanna hear a joke?'"". The rabbi says, ""'Sure.'"" The priest says to the rabbi, ""'Alright so a priest and a rabbi walk into a bar. The priest says to the rabbi, """Wanna hear a joke?""". The rabbi says, """Sure.""" The priest says to the rabbi, """Alright so a priest and a rabbi walk into a bar. The priest says to the rabbi, """'Wanna hear a joke?'""". The rabbi says, """'Sure.'""" The priest says, """'Alright so a priest and a rabbi walk into a bar. The priest says to the rabbi """"Wanna hear a joke?"""". The rabbi says, """"Not if it's recursive.""""'""""""'""""'""'
Past, present and future walk into a bar It was tense.
3 Vegetables walk into a bar Just kidding handicaps can't walk 
A frustrated doctor walks into a bar The bar tender asks, why are you fuming The doctor responds,"I DONT HAVE ENOUGH PATIENCE" 
A guy walks into Starbucks and orders a Frappe with unicorn hair and newt eyes It was quite the tall order
Two peanuts walk into a bar One was ~~assaulted~~ a salted
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The bar explodes because a finite space cannot hold an infinite amount of matter. 
Calibri walks into a bar The bartender says, "We don't serve your type here."
An Iraq War Veteran Walks into a Bar He quietly takes a seat and asks for a bourbon, double. The bartender obliges, and notices the man's dog-tags while he pours the drink. "First one's on the house – for your service." The veteran nods in approval and reaches towards his glass, but drops it just as he picks it up, spilling the whiskey all over himself. As he wipes himself off, bartender realizes his hand is actually an incredibly realistic prosthetic, unnoticeable all but to the closest inspection. “Had a friend that lost his in the war”, says the bartender, as he motions to the veteran's arm, “what took yours?” The veteran stiffens a bit, gazing into the bar-top. “Well sir, I returned home unharmed.”   He takes a sip of the new drink the bartender has passed him, while shaking his head. “My wife, Katherine, she picked me up at the airport. I hadn't seen her in months, and that nervous feeling in the pit of your stomach – you know, the one you get when you've waited for something for so long it hurts? – it disappeared as soon as she was in my arms.”  “That's great, son,” the bartender started, “and I don't mean to pry, but… how does this relate to the arm?” The veteran takes his good hand and rests it on his temple, pensively tapping. “Well,” he paused, “on the ride home my wife tells me she has a surprise, and that it couldn't wait 'til we got home.” His eyes welling up, he turns his face to the floor. “She hands me a picture. It's her, standing next to a very pregnant woman. I look up at her, confused, but her smile is beaming and I instantly know what she's about to say.” He digs his fist into his thigh. “'It finally happened! She chose us!' she says through happy tears. That's when the car hit us.”  The bartender, in shock, focuses intently on the man's story. He asks gravely, “That took the arm? What about your wife?” At this point the veteran isn't trying to hide the tears running down his face. “Well, sir, I woke up a few days later without a right arm,” lifting his prosthetic, “and the rest of me was broken so badly they told me I wouldn't ever walk again. In fact, I didn't until I got the leg.” The veteran pulls up his jeans to reveal a state-of-the-art prosthetic leg. “I couldn't afford both until..” he trailed off. “Until the settlement. See the driver was drunk. My wife lasted for a few weeks but, but in the end I had to make the hardest decision of my life. I had to let her go. I had to shut it off.”  Shell-shocked, the bartender reflects upon this man's terrible fortune. He pours three more doubles and slides them over. “I can't even begin to tell you how sorry I am. That's something that no one deserves. I know this must be difficult, and please stop me if it's too much so, but what about your kid?” The veteran sobs. “Without my wife, I wasn't eligible to adopt. The woman, Mary, wanted her daughter – my daughter – to go to me but the state said no. That I wasn't fit. I threw all my money at family lawyers, any lawyers, trying to honor my wife's memory by adopting this child she loved so much.” He shamefully dropped his shoulders and said, “I'm here with my last fifty dollars. I just don't see how I can continue on without this child to remember my wife, but I've got nothing left to my name. I sold the house, the car, even my wedding ring.”  The bartender feels for the young man, and racks his brain trying to come up with something to help. “I've got a thousand dollars stashed in the safe in the back, and I know quite a few regulars here would be willing to help your cause.” The veteran looks up, with the slightest hint of happiness. He dries his eyes and profusely thanks the bartender, but lets him know it couldn't be nearly enough. “These guys are more expensive than you could ever imagine. I know I wasn't prepared.”  The bartender tries a last-ditch effort, “Couldn't you sell the prostheses? They look pretty expensive. And you said it took a settlement to buy them. What did they cost?” “Oh,” replies the veteran, “an arm and a leg.” 
2 Arabs Walk Into A Bar BOOM
A cute babe walks into a bar... A cute babe walks into a bar and asks the bartender, "How hot am I from a scale of 1 to infinity?" Little does the babe know, the bartender is fluent in mathematics and says "Infinity is a concept, not a number. Give me a new scale"   The babe thinks for a second, and says "How hot am I from a scale of 1 to 69?  The bartender replies "67"  The babe, clearly confused, asks the bartender why.  The bartender responds, saying, "Because I'm two beers away from owning you."
3 Guys walk into a bar... and only one of them becomes a lawyer.
A blind man and his seeing eye dog walk into a store The man starts swinging the dog around by the tail. An employee asks the man "can I help you?". The man replies "no, thanks, we're just looking around".
A string walks into a bar A string walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender glares at him and rudely tells him,  "Get to going strang! We don't serve your kind 'round here!"  The string gets up and leaves, but makes his way into an alley. He loops his body around and tugs his body together, and then he musses up his hair for good measure. He then walks back into the bar, sits down, and orders a drink one more.   The bartender eyes him wildly and asks,  "Say, ain't you that strang?" The string replies,  "No sir. I'm a frayed not."  
A cowboy and a disabled horse walk into a bar. The cowboy says "I'll take two shots, a B-52 for me and a .357 for his leg.". 
A tranny walks into a bar Bartender: what would it be sir?  Tranny: did you just assume my gender?  Bartender: oh I'm sorry ma'am   Tranny: stop assuming my gender you cis scum I have no gender   Bartender: then you may need to be admitted to a mental hospital before you get knocked up or knock someone up  Tranny: did you just assume my gender when I'm drunk?
A priest and a rabbi walk into a bar... The bartender says ''What can I get the two of you to drink? '' The rabbi says ''I'll take a 10 year old bottle of wine.'' The priest says ''I'll just take the 10 year old.''
A man walks into a bar and asks for six shots of vodka.  The bartender says, "Six shots? What's wrong?"   "I found out my older brother is gay," replied the man.   The next night, he walked into the bar again and asked for six shots of vodka. "What now?" asked the bartender.   "I found out my younger brother is gay," replied the man.   The night after that, the man walked into the bar again and asked for six shots of vodka. "Geez, does ANYBODY in your family like women?" asked the bartender.   The man replied, "Yeah, my wife does."
2016 walks into a bar 2016 walks into a bar and proceeds to drink all night.  2 o'clock comes around and the bartender calls out, Last call. 2016 tells him,sorry mate I'm not done yet.
René Descartes walks into a bar Descartes walked into a bar and the bartender asks him "would you like a drink?"  Descartes says, "I think not" and then he disappears.  
A golf club walks into a bar... ...and orders a beer, but the bartender refuses to serve him. “Why not?” asks the golf club.  The bartender replies, “Because I know you're going to be driving later!”
A termite walks into a bar... And says, "is the bar tender here?" 
A dyslexic boy walks into a toy store and asks for a "satr wars atcion figuer"... The manager tells him that dyslexia does not cause you to talk in misspelled words and took the boy to hospital where he was diagnosed with a brain tumour.
A blind man walks into a bar with his sight dog.. He then takes the dog and starts spinning it around by the tail. The bartender asks "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!" The blind man replies "Just looking around."
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says, "I see you in here a lot. Do you think you might be an alcoholic?"  The horse replies, "I don't think I am", and immediately disappears.
A three legged dog walks into a bar He sits down at the bar, and the bartender asks him what he wants.  The dog replied, "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw".
A horse walks into a bar.... And orders a pint. The barkeep says, "You're in here pretty often, do you think you might be an alcoholic?" The horse replies, "I don't think I am" and vanishes. So the joke is about Descartes famous "I think therefore I am" but explaining the rest would put Descartes before the horse.
A manatee walks into a bar filled with dyslexics They all started screaming and running away
A man walks into a bar and asks for 10 times more drinks than everyone else. The barman says, now, that is an order of magnitude.
3 Men walk into a bar.. The 4th one ducks..
Okay so a miner walks into a bar Then he got something to drink
A man walks into a doctor's office.... A man walks into a doctor’s office complaining about a horrible pain in his right index finger, the doctor says how did you hurt it?    The man says “I discovered years ago that the only way I can orgasm is to insert my finger into my butthole while I’m pleasuring myself…I was outside working on my deck and accidentally hit my index finger with a hammer trying to put some nails into one of the deck boards.”  The doc says “Well, there’s an awful lot of swelling let’s splint it and wrap it up and see if the swelling goes down on its own.”  Two weeks later the man is back and the pain is worse than ever, now the finger is turning black and starting to smell…  The doc says “Sir, I think we have no choice we are going to have to amputate your finger and you’ll just have to get used to not being able to pleasure yourself that way and find a new way to do it.”  As the doc reaches for the man’s finger to prepare it for amputation the man slaps the shit out of the doctor and yanks his hand away.  The doc says “Why did you slap me?!?!?”  The man says “HEY..NOBODY BETTER LAY A FINGER ON MY BUTTHOLE FINGER!!!”
A neutron walks into a bar... ...and enjoys a cold beer.  "Thanks," he says to the bartender.   "No charge," is the bartender's reply.
A horse walks into a bar and orders a pint. The barkeep says, “You’re in here pretty often. Do you think you might be an alcoholic?”  The horse replies, “I don’t think I am,” and vanishes from existence.   See, the joke is about Descartes’ famous philosophy of ‘I think; therefore, I am”, but to explain that part before the rest of the joke would be putting Descartes before the horse.
A woman walks into her dermatologist’s office and says "Doctor, I have this terrible rash." She lifts up her sweater to reveal a large H-shaped rash.   The doctor replies, "Now, that is the strangest rash I've ever seen."   The woman explains, "Well, my boyfriend goes to Harvard and refuses to take off his letter sweater when we make love." The doctor shrugs her shoulders, prescribes some topical corticosteroids and sends the woman on her way.   The next day another woman comes in with a Y-shaped rash. "How did you get that?" the dermatologist asks.   "My boyfriend goes to Yale and he refuses to take his letter sweater off when we make love," she says. The dermatologist prescribes some topical corticosteroids and sends the young lady on her way.   The third day another young woman comes into the dermatologist's office and she has a big rash in the shape of an "M" on her chest. "Let me guess," the dermatologist says. "Your boyfriend goes to M.I.T.?"   "No," the patient replies, "My girlfriend goes to Wellesley."
A dyslexic man walks into a bra. A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
A feminist walks into a bar EVERYONE IS SEXIST!
Schrodinger's cat walk into a bar And then it didnt.
A pirate walks into a bar... with a steering wheel sticking out of his pants. When the bartender sees him he asks, "What's with the wheel in your pants?". The pirate replies, "Aaarrrr, I don't know but it's driving me nuts!". 
4 gay dudes walk into a bar 4 gay dudes walk into a bar.  There's only one stool left.  How do they settle who gets the stool?  They don't, they flip it over and share it.
A vegan, a feminist, and a Stranger Things fan walk into a bar... I only know because they told everyone within two minutes...
So a horse walks into a bar... And many people leave because that is a safety hazard
Two chemists walk into a bar. The first one says, “I’ll have some H2O.” The second one says, “I’ll have some H2O too.”  The second one dies.
A blind man walks into a bar, grabs his dog by its hind legs, and swung him around in a circle The bartender says, "Hey buddy, what are you doing?"   And the blind man says, "Don't mind me, I'm just looking around."
A Pirate Walks Into A Bar ...With the steering wheel to his ship crammed into his trousers.   Bartender: What is that steering wheel doing down your pants?   Pirate: Arrrgh... It's drivin' me nuts!   (Heard that a while ago... One of my favorite cheesy pirate jokes) 
A guy walks into a bar. Ouch.
Finally, it's "two bananas walk into a bar..."  "Two bananas walk into a bar. One banana walks up to the counter and orders a round for the house. Everyone cheers: "Hooray for Steve!" The banana shakes hands; there are smiles all around and he's taking time with everyone, asking about their families by name, sharing a selfie with anyone who asks, telling jokes, he even signs an autograph or two. "Speech, speech," everyone yells. "Hey it's great to be here, you guys," he says to the whole bar with a big smile on his face, and he raises his daiquiri high. "It's really such an honor to know you, you all make me feel so lucky! Here's to the best bar in town!" Everyone roars with joy!  So the bartender is new and he asks the waitress: "Hey, who is that banana?"  The waitress goes: "Oh, that's Steve the Banana, man, everybody loves him, he's the best!"  "Well what about that one?"  "Oh, him? Who knows? He's the Second Banana."
A man walks into a bar and sees his friend sulking over his drink... He asks him:  "What's the matter, dude? Why are you so blue?"  "Oh, my father died three months ago, he left me 10,000€."  "Oh, man, I didn't know... My condolences."  "Yeah, and month after that my mother dies, leaving me 15,000€."  "Damn, that sucks..."  "And just last month, my aunt died, leaving me 20,000€."  "Man, it must be so hard for you, losing three close relatives in three months."  "Tell me about it... This month I haven't gotten a single cent." 
An E-Flat , a G-Flat &amp; a B-Flat walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve minors".
A woman walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre. So he gave her one.
So a priest, a pedophile and rapist walk into a bar ...he orders a drink
A man walks into a bar with a monkey... Everyone in the bar goes wild, "Hey look at that monkey!"    Immediately, the monkey jumps up onto the bar.    He grabs a handful of peanuts and eats them.  Then he grabs a handful of pistachios and eats them.  Then he jumps onto the billiards table, sticks the white pool ball in his mouth and swallows it whole.    &amp;nbsp;  The bar crowd is amazed, "Hey man your monkey is amazing, he swallowed that ball whole!"    "I know the damn monkey eats everything in sight, let me finish my drinks and I'll pay for the ball" the owner says.    He finishes his drinks, pays and leaves.    &amp;nbsp;  Two weeks later the monkey returns and hops right back on the bar, except this time he take an olive sticks it up his ass pulls it out and eats it, takes a cherry sticks it up his ass pulls it out and eats it.    Someone asks, "Hey what's up with your monkey man?"    &amp;nbsp;  Owner replies, "He measures everything first, ever since he had to shit out that pool ball." 
A horse walks into a bar... "Why the long face?" asks the bartender... The horse replies, "I can no longer make ends meet based solely on the royalties from Sex in the City."
A man walks into a bar... ... that's one way to lose a hurdle race.
A german walks into a bar and orders one martini. The bartender asks: "Dry?" The German replies "No, one you dumbass!"
A Roman walks into a Bar. He holds up 2 Fingers and says "Five Beers Please."
James Bond walks into a bar... James Bond walks into a bar.  Michael J. Fox is the bartender.  James Bond says "I'll have a martini."  He does not need to specify.
A man walks into a bar ... and sits down next a beautiful woman at the bar. "I have a frog that can eat pussy." He says to her. She doesn't believe him, obviously. "No, it's true." "Prove it." She says. They go back to her place and she gets naked and sits on the bed. The man places the frog between her legs and says, "Go for it, Buddy!" The frog just sits there. The woman looks at the man with a raised eyebrow. "He might be a little shy, he just met you tonight after all." He looks down at the frog and scootches it closer to her pussy. "Go for it. Give her some tongue!" The frog does nothing. The woman looks at the man and says, "I don't think he knows what he's supposed to do." The man picks up the frog and sets it on a chair next to the bed and says to the frog, "Okay, pay attention. I'm only going to show you how to do this one more time."
Steve Jobs walks into a bar... Looks around silently. People notice him. Conversations turn into murmurs. And suddenly when he have all the attention...  he shouts: "I WILL RAISE YOU!?!!"
A duck walks into a bar... [Long] A duck walks into a bar and the bartender says "Hey, Duck, what can I get you started?"  The duck replies, "Got any grapes?"  The bartender says, "No, we don't got any grapes, this is a bar."  The duck leaves and comes back the next day and the bartender asks, "Hey, what will it be today?"  The duck responds with, "Got any grapes?"  The bartender is a bit irritated and says, "Duck, I told you we don't have any grapes, and if you come back again tomorrow I'm going to nail your beak to the bar."  The duck gets a bit startled at this point and waddles out of the bar.  The next day the duck strolls by the bar and walks inside the bar and the bartender says to him, "Okay, what are you in the mood for?"  The Duck says, "Well, first, let me ask you, got any nails?"  The bartender, looking puzzled, says to the Duck, "Umm... nails... nope."  The duck then replies back with, "Got any grapes?"
A grasshopper walks into a bar... The bartender says " You know? We have a drink named after you."  The grasshopper says "You have a drink named Steve?"
A paedophile, a sadist, and a Priest walk into a bar. He sits down and orders a drink.
A guy walks into a watch store with his broken watch A guy walks into a watch store with his broken watch and asks the owner if he could fix his watch.   "We don't fix watches." the owner replied.  "Well... Can I buy a new watch?" asks the man.   "We don't sell watches either."  "You don't fix watches, and you don't sell watches, yet you have watches in the shop window." the man said with a surprised tone.   "That's correct."  "So what do you do here?" asked the man.   "We circumcise people" answered the owner.   "Then why have you put watches in the shop window?"  "What else am I supposed to put there?"
A pirate walks into a Brothel He has a fettish for girls with prosthetics so he asks the Madam if any are working.   The madam replies "yes, but they're all into pegging."
Gordon Ramsay walks into a bar... ... and asks for a glass of water with ice. Once his drink is served, he looks at the bartender and asks: "What did you use to make the ice cubes?"   Bartender: "Water."   Ramsay: "Fresh?"   Bartender: "No, frozen."   Ramsay: "Oh for fuck's sake."
Another gorilla walks into a bar. The bartender looks at the gorilla confused as the gorilla orders a Martini. The bartender makes the Martini and gives it to the gorilla. The bartender charges the normal amount. After an hour or so of drinking the gorilla leaves. The end.   (Meta jokes yay)
A man walks into a metal bar. "Ouch" he says as he hits his head on the door frame. He then proceeds to order a martini while listening to Metallica. 
A priest, a minister, and a rabbi walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them and says,: "What is this, a joke?"
A dyslexic walks into a bank... Withdraws a reasonable amount of money, coming home and also realizing that another dyslexic man going into a bank made it on the front page of /r/jokes and is thoroughly confused because dyslexics can speak fine and often aren't seen as criminals.
So a man walks into a bar... He ends up getting head trauma.   (It's a bit of a hard one to understand)
Helen Keller walks into a bar.. then into a chair... then into a wall...
A skelington walks into a bar orders a beer and a mop
So an A, a C, and an E walk into a bar Upon seeing them, the bartender says "sorry, we don't serve minors".
Zeus walks into a bar. The bartender, a man popular with the ladies, can't believe Zeus, motherfucking Zeus, who could get sex from any woman in the world and beyond, just walked into his bar. He decides to strike up a conversation. He goes, "So, Zeus. My man. I've heard a lot about you and your lustful adventures. You've slept with countless women. But tell me, what would you consider to be your greatest story of success? Was it Alcmene, who gave you Heracles, one of the greatest heroes in the history of mankind, as son? Was it Leda, whom you ravished in the form of a regal swan, only for the union to become immortalised by master painters? Heck, you had hot lesbian action with Callisto. Was it her? Io? Leto? Danae? Do indulge me, Zeus."   Zeus thinks for a second and says, "Well, there was this one time when Poseidon challenged me to Mount Olympus". 
A Higgs boson walks into a church, "We don't allow Higgs bosons in here!" shouts the priest.  "But without me, how can you have mass?" asks the particle.
A compiler, interpreter, and emulator walk into a bar. The compiler bought someone else a drink.  The interpreter drank a pint.   The emulator sipped methanol.
Nigel Farage walks into a bar Convinces the patrons to set it on fire, and then leaves.
A man walks into a brothel A poor man walks into a brothel, and tell the pimp in charge he only has $5 to spend. The pimp, thinks for a moment, and then sends him to the last door at the end of the corridor, to a woman named Anna. Anna looks fine enough, so the man is a little confused as he was expecting far worse. In no time, they start undressing each other and he sticks it in her. A few moments later he stops, it was the most uncomfortable feeling he had ever felt, worse than the feeling of nails on a chalkboard.  The man tells Anna that this wont work, and if there is anything she can do about the feeling. It is literally the worst feeling he's ever felt. She says yes to his surprise, on the condition he pays another $5. There was  no way he can continue so he might as well.  He pays her the $5 and she leaves the room, hes beginning to think she took the money and just made off, but just as he was thinking about leaving she comes back.  Suddenly the sex is absolutely amazing, and feels better than anything he has ever felt. Before he knows it he's done.  Whilst dressing and getting ready to leave, curiosity gets the better of him and he asks the Anna what exactly did he get with the extra money.  She looks at him very nonchalantly and tells him that for $5 extra, she picks off the scabs.
A guy walks into a bar and says "shit I should've prepared for this"
A man with pockets full of cash, a woman on each arm and an orange for a head walks into a bar... The barman asks what the deal is.  "Well", says the man, "I was walking on a beach when I found one of those old genie lamps washed up on the sand, so I rubbed it, and a genie came out and granted me three wishes."  "So what were your wishes?"  "Well, I did the obvious thing and wished for my pockets never to be short of money, and wished to be irresistible to women."  "I can see all that, but what's the deal with... with...". The barman points at the man's head.  "Oh, *this*?" says the man, pointing at the same.  "I asked for an orange for a head."
Two nice guys didn't walk into a bar They both insists they would hold the door for each others. 
A scientist and a hooker walk into a bar... But find that they can't open the door due to an over-saturation of priests, rabbis, lawyers, and Irishmen inside. 
A cowboy walks into a German car convention... He sees a beautiful woman, walks up to her and says, "Audi"
So a man walks into a bar... Man walks into a bar, orders a drink. As he is sat there, one after another, a bottle of ketchup, a jar of mayonnaise and a jug of gravy enter. The barman serves them without so much as flinching and they take the drinks to the table. The man asks the barman 'wasn't that a little strange?' The barman replies ' not at all, we get all sauce in here'
A large amount of stormtroopers walk into a bar and orders drinks They all miss the free shots.
Harambe walks into a bar... Bartender | What will you be having to drink? ---|--- Harambe | I'll have a beer Me | No, he'll have just ice. Bartender | Just ice? Me | Yes, justice for Harambe 
Three men walk into a bar... Three men walk into a bar. The barman tells them, "If you can sit in my basement for a day, I'll give you free beer forever."  The first man walks out after five minutes and says, "It's impossible, you got a swarm of flies in there."  So the second man tries his luck, but can't take more than an hour.  Finally, the third man goes down. When he returns a day later, the others ask him how he did it.  He says, "Easy! I took a dump in one corner and sat in the other corner!"
A man walks into a bar with a 10" pianist in his pocket.... A man walks into a bar, sits at the counter and orders two pints of beer. He then pulls a small piano and an 10” pianist out of his pocket. The tiny pianist takes a sit in-front of the piano and starts playing music.   The puzzled barman walks over and says in astonishment “what is this thing??!!”   “Oh, You don’t want to know” says the man.  “Oh, I most definitely want to know”, replies the barman.  “Believe me, you really don’t want to know”, repeats the man.   “How about this…. the next two rounds of drinks are on the house, if you tell me where in hell you found this 10" pianist!”   The man thinks for a second and says….: “I’ll tell you under one condition, you take full responsibility for whatever happens next !?”   ‘Deal!’ replies the barman.   “Ok, here is the story. One day I found this strange old magic ring, and if you rub it long enough a very old genie comes out and grants you a wish. But…..”  The intrigued barman doesn’t even give the man a chance to finish his story, and starts begging him to give him a go on the ring… after some back and forth they agree on a month of free drinks on the house.  “But remember, I am not responsible for anything that happens next” reminds him the man.  He hands him the ring and the barman begins rubbing it. After 30 seconds or so, a very old genie appears from within a purple cloud of fog.   “Master! You have released me and I shall grant you a wish”, says the old genie in hoarse voice.  The barman thinks for a moment, and eventually decides: “I would like to have ten million bucks!”  “Your wish is my command” says the old genie with his hoarse voice.  In less than three second, millions of ducks appear from nowhere, a cloud of feathers fill the air, bottles fall and break on the floor, and you can barely breath or move. Basically in minutes the bar is destroyed, by a flock of ten million ducks.  “What is wrong with this genie!!??” screams the barman in panic. “I have asked for ten million BUCKS, not for ten million DUCKS !!”  “Well, I tried to warn you…" shouts the man through the feathers. "And by the way, how did you think exactly, I have ended up with a 10” PIANIST in my pocket?”  
So a redditor walks into a bar... The bartender says, "what'll you have?" "It's been so long since I've had a good laugh", replies the redditor. "I'll give you $100 if you can tell me a joke I haven't heard before." "That sounds easy enough", replies the bartender. "I should warn you", the redditor says, "I browse /r/jokes so I've heard them all over and over and over again". Curious, the bartender pulls out his phone and browses /r/jokes for a few minutes. "How about this?" he asks, "A man is driving through a remote forested area at night when his car breaks down next to an old monastery..." "Heard it.", interrupts the redditor. "It's reposted every month." The bartender apologies and starts scrolling on his phone for a few more minutes. "Ooh, here we go, so a blonde shows up at a rich guy's doorstep asking if she can do any chores for cash..." "Heard it!!", the redditor snaps. "that's reposted every week!" The bartender is flustered but tries again, furiously browsing the subreddit. "Aha! This one is sure to impress. What's the difference between Donald Trump's hair and a thong?" "No, no, no!!!", the redditor cries out. "That joke is reposted every day!" "OK, OK, please give me one more try", the bartender pleads. He scrolls furiously through his phone. "Nope... nope... nope... YES!! This is a great one!" "OK, lay it on me", the redditor asks eagerly. "Here it is", the bartender replies. "So a redditor walks into a bar..."
So a grasshopper named Steve walks into a bar. Wait, you're not supposed to know his name yet. Anyway, the bartender says "Hey, we have a drink named 'Steve'!" No, that's not right.  The bartender says "Hey Steve!"... Nope. Hold on, the bartender says "Hey! We have a drink called a grass.." ..No wait.. Got it! "Hey! We have a drink named after you!" Yea! Then Steve says "You have a drink named Steve!?" Then the bartender says "Nope, we have a drink called a grasshopper.  It's made with creme de menthe, creme de cacao and light cream shaken with ice and poured in a martini glass" Then I think Steve ordered one.
A blind man walks into a bar, what happens next? He says ouch. 
Infinitely many mathematicians walk into a bar. The first orders one beer.  The second orders half a beer.  The third orders a quarter of a beer  This pattern continues for a few more, and then the bartender stops them, and pours two beers.  "Why'd you do that?" Asked the first guy.  "Come on guys. I thought you knew your limits." Said the bartender.
A lady walks into a sex store... ...and says to the salesman, "Where are the dildos?"  The clerk points and says, "On the wall over there."  She looks and says, "I want one of the red ones."  The salesman says, "No, lady. The dildos are the ones next to the fire extinguisher." 
So this guy Joe walks into bar at the top of a skyscraper and sees a customer jump out the window In shock, Joe runs to the window to see what happens and he watches the customer as he slows down right before hitting the ground and lands safely.   Perplexed, Joe proceeds to order a beer.   After ordering the beer he notices the same customer that jumped sits next to him, orders a shot of tequila with 2 limes, and proceeds to jump out of the window again only to land safely once more.   By this time Joe can't wait to see this guy again to ask him what's going on!   As the customer sits down Joe asks him. "Hey man, whattup? Why do you keep jumping out the window? And how on earth do you survive?!?"  "Ah, the glitch" he answers. "See, I discovered if you eat two limes instead of one when you drink tequila, you somehow can bend the laws of physics like that... It's a blast! Here, try it. The shot's on me"   Joe drinks the tequila, takes the two limes, and jumps out the window to test it.   SPLAT!  He falls flat and gets nearly every bone broken.   Bartender goes to the customer who bought the shot: "Superman, you're such an a-hole sometimes..." 
A blind man walks into a bar ... and a table. And a pole. 
A man walks into a pharmacy to buy condoms. He approaches the desk and says to the pharmacist "excuse me, do you have non latex? I need condoms for my 12 year old daughter but she's allergic to latex"  The pharmacist replies "yeah they should be right over.... wait.. did you say 12 year old daughter? .. your 12 year old daughter is sexually active?"   The man says "eh, not really. She just kind of lays there like her mother." 
Three logicians walk into another bar The bartender asks: "Does anyone want a drink?"   The first logician says: "Yes!"   The second logician says: "Yes!"   The third logician says: "Yes!"   The bartender pours drinks for all of them.   The second logician says: "I didn't want a drink."  The third logician says: "Neither did I."
A guy walks into a bar... he says he'll have a beer and the bartender goes "sure thing bud" 
A guy walks into a bar with a little man and a small piano in his hand.... A guy walks into a bar with a little man and a small piano in his hand.   The bartender sees him and asks, "what the Hell is that in your hand?"  The man replies, "it's a 12 inch pianist"  Bartender, now baffled, asks, "where'd you get a 12 inch pianist!?"  The man takes an object out from his pocket and says, "this here is a magic lamp, you rub it, a genie comes out and grants you a wish!"   The bartender takes the lamp and rubs it...Sure enough, a genie comes out.   The man says, "just speak loudly, he is a bit hard of hearing!"   The bartender says, "alright, I wish for a million bucks!"   All of a sudden there's a bang and the whole bar is filled with feathers and quacking!   The bartender looks at the genie and says, "I said bucks not ducks!"   The man says, "yeah and you think I wanted a 12 inch pianist?"  For the record, this isn't my joke. My brother heard it from a friend. 
A man walks into the doctor's office... Doctor: "Thanks for meeting with me, James. I've run some tests and it's not looking good."  James: "Oh."  Doctor: "You're on a path of self-destruction. The constant alcohol and tobacco abuse has taken a serious toll on your health. You *need* to cut back or your lifespan will be greatly reduced."  James: "You really expect me to do that?!"  Doctor: *sigh* "No, Mr. Bond..."
A Texan walks into an Irish pub. and clears his voice to the crowd of drinkers. He says, "I hear you Irish are a bunch of hard drinkers. I'll give $500 American dollars to anybody in here who can drink 10 pints of Guinness back-to-back." The room is quiet and no one takes up the Texan's offer. One man even leaves. Ten minutes later the same gentleman who left shows back up and taps the Texan on the shoulder. "Is your bet still good?", asks the Irishman. The Texan says yes and asks the bartender to line up 10 pints of Guinness. Immediately the Irishman tears into all 10 of the pint glasses drinking them all back-to-back. The other pub patrons cheer as the Texan sits in amazement. The Texan gives the Irishman the $500 and says, "If ya don't mind me askin', where did you go for that 10 minutes you were gone?" The Irishman replies, "Oh...I had to go to the pub down the street to see if I could do it first".!
A Microsoft Dev walks into a room.... Bethesda is working on Skyrim remastered 4k edition for the new xbox.   Microsoft Dev "Woah that screenshot looks cool"  Bethesda Worker: "That's not a screenshot, it's...it's the game"
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
A man walks into a restaurant and is told that there will be an estimated hour of waiting for a table The man responds to this news by asking "Do you know who I am?"  Not recognizing him, the host immediately gives him the next available table in order to make it seem like he does.  "Does this table meet your expectations?" Says the host.  The man again replies "Do you know who I am?"  Once again not knowing who the man is, the host directs him to the nearest booth.  After a few minutes of waiting, the man is visited by the waitress.   "Hello, may I take your order?" She asks, politely.  The man once again asks "Do you know who I am?" with more of an attitude.  The waitress does not recognize him either, and simply takes his menu back and says "I'm incredibly sorry sir"  After more waiting, the man is given the finest dish the chef has ever prepared.   After finishing the delicious meal, he is presented with the bill.  After receiving it, he asks for the final time "Do you know who I am?"  "Of course. Sorry sir, it's on the house." The waitress replies.  After he leaves the restaurant, the host says to the waitress "Do you know who that man was? He sounded like he was kind of a big deal."  The waitress replies "No, but if he was  important, why didn't we know him?"  The two then go back to work as if nothing happenied.  Meanwhile, outside the restaurant, the man sighs and says to himself, "Why won't anyone help me with my amnesia."
[Politics] A Cuban Refugee, A Canadian Immigrant, A Texas Separatist, A obstructionist politician, A Christian Extremist and A white Supremacist walk into a bar The tender say, what'll be Senator Cruz?
A man walks into a bar with a gun.. A guy walked into a local bar, waving his unholstered pistol and yelled, “I have a 45 caliber Colt 1911 with a seven round magazine plus one in the chamber and I want to know who’s been sleeping with my wife.”   A voice from the back of the room called out, “You need more ammo!”
A Roman walks into a bar... He holds up two fingers, and says, "I'll have five beers please" 
A woman walks into a bar... "Ouch!" she proclaims as she holds her head in pain. "I should watch where i'm going". She crosses the road and enters a pub.  The woman holds her stomach in pain. She climbs onto the bar, pulls down her pants, squats and begins to poo out money. The bar tender is counting it as it comes out covered in diarrhoea.   "Blimey! 1999 pounds!"  "Sorry about that, I wasn't feeling 2 grand" The woman replies.   She then pisses on the floor and leaves.
An Englishman walks into a bar... He sees three fat ladies ordering drinks at the counter and hears a thick accent.  "Excuse me, are you three ladies from Scotland?"  They all scream back in unison, "WALES, YOU IDIOT!!"  "Oh, sorry. Are you three whales from Scotland?"
A drug dealer, a gang member, and a journalist walk into a bar... The bartender, a keen man, looked at the drug dealer, who was decked out in fancy clothing and expensive jewelry. He did not look educated, though, so the bartender said to him "You. You are a drug dealer."  "Yes," said the man, "how did you know?"  Ignoring the man's question, the bartender said "You are a bad man who profits off of other people's addictions. You do not make the world a better place -- quite the opposite. I cannot have you in my bar."  "Whoa, whoa," said the drug dealer, "hear me out. I deal cocaine. Most of my customers are wealthy bankers. I profit from their addictions, yes, but they don't deserve anything better. I take the wealthy down a notch. I do make the world a better place."  The bartender thought for a moment, then said "Very well, you may stay." As the drug dealer sat at the bar, the bartender noticed the gang member, who was wearing a crooked hat and baggy jeans. "You," said the bartender, pointing at him "are part of a gang. You kill and frighten people. You do not make the world a better place. I cannot have you in my bar."  The gang member, following the drug dealer's lead, said "Hold up a minute. Check this out. I may be part of a gang, but I protect my neighborhood from crooked cops and other gangs who want to hurt people. I do make the world a better place."  "Very well," said the bartender, "You may stay." The gang member took his seat at the bar. The bartender turned to the journalist, who was dressed formally and had a badge hanging on his chest. "You," said the bartender, "I know who you are, and I know what you do. Don't even bother trying to defend yourself. You are the scum of the earth. I can't stand the sight of you. Leave this bar and never come back."  The journalist, surprised, said "What? How do you even know who --" but stopped, realizing his name badge rested on his chest. "I see," he said, before turning and leaving.  As he was leaving the bar, a curious spectator leaned forward and looked at the badge on the man's chest. "Oh," said the spectator before going back to his drink.  On the badge, written in comic sans, were the words "'Journalist' - Buzzfeed.'"
Valeera walks into a bar... There is no counter.
Three guys walk into a bar... The fourth guys ducks.
A man walks into a bar... ...and then he leaves.
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and says to the Bartender "I want 20 shots of whiskey, in a line right here!"  The bartender shrugs, assuming the mans friends must be coming in soon and pours the whiskey.  Once all the shots are poured the man begins throwing them back. He gets to the 10th and stops to take a breath.  The bartender says "Jesus Christ son, why are you doing that to yourself??"  And the man says "well, I'm celebrating cause I just had my first blowjob!"  And the bartender says "Oh well, congrats man, have at it!"  So the man again begins throwing back the last 10 shots. He gets to number 20 and says to the Bartender "Thanks, hopefully this will get the taste out of my mouth."
Two Men Walk Into a Bar the third one ducks
A bra and a set of jump leads walk into a bar. A bra and a set of jump leads walk into a bar. The bra says, "Two whiskeys thanks, mate."   The barman says, "Sorry, mate, you've had enough."   "What do you mean, mate?" says the bra.   The barman replies, "Well you're off your tits and your mate's trying to start something!"
So two condoms walk into a bar... One looks at the other and says "did you know this is a gay bar?"   "Well yeah" said the first condom, "I plan on getting shitfaced tonight." 
Polar bear walks into a bar and sits down. Says to the bartender: "I'll have a.......................beer please"  Bartender says "what's with the big pause"     Polar bear says "what do you mean? I've had them all my life"
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and sees a beautiful women. He goes over, sits next to her, and gets a drink. After sitting for a minute, he chuckles to himself.   "What's so funny" asks the women.   "I was gonna tell you a joke about my dick but it's too long"  "Oh" she says " I'd tell you one about my pussy, but you'll never get it"  
Helium walks into a bar.... The bar tender says "We don't serve noble gasses in here."  Helium doesn't react.
So a blind man walks into a bar.. The blind man sits down, thinking he'd break the ice with the bartender by asking "Wanna hear a blond joke?" In a hushed voice, a man beside him says "Before you tell that joke, you should know our bartender IS blonde, or bouncer is blond, I'm a 6'4" black belt, the man sitting on the other side of me is 6'2, 250lbs, and a rugby player. The guy sitting next to you is pushing 300, 6'6, and he's a wrestler. We're ALL blond. So you think about it mister, do you really wanna tell that joke?" The blind man sat for a second, thinking over the odds and then replied "No, not if I have to explain it five times."
A Scotsman walks into a bar... Usually there's an Englishman, Irishman, and Welshman with him, but they're at the Euros.
A knight walks into a bar The barman says "Why the long mace?" 
A hamburger walks into a bar Bartender says "hey! We don't serve food here!"
A pancake, a piece of toast, and a piece of bacon walk into a bar They sit down and ask the bartender for a round of beers. The bartender looks at them and says "Get the hell out of my bar, we don't serve breakfast here." 
So a blind guy walks into a bar ... Poor guy didn't see it coming.
A man walks into his doctor's office... A man walks into his doctor's office and sits down.  The doctor looks over some papers, and says to the man "based on your most recent tests,I have some good news and some bad news for you. Which would you like to hear first?"  The man thinks for a minute. "Umm... Good news."  The doctor says "OK, you have 24 hours to live."  The man is shocked. "Good news? What could possibly be the bad news then?"  The doctor shrugs. "I forgot to call you yesterday."
A drunk man walks into a bar ... "Jesus, Craig, you suck at playing limbo!" said the man's friend.
A donut walks into a gas station... ...and asks for a pack of cigs. The clerk says, "can I see your ID please?" Then the donut says, "Sprinkles"
Le'Veon Bell, Josh Gordon and Tom Brady walk into a bar To watch the first 4 weeks of the NFL season
A man walks into the bar... The bartender: "Hi Dave!"  The boss faints.  
A Greek, a Spaniard and a Portuguese all walk into a bar. Who pays? Germany. 
A Horse Walks Into A Bar A horse walks into a bar and orders a pint. The barkeep says "you're in here pretty often. Think you might be an alcoholic?", to which the horse says "I don't think I am.", and vanishes from existence.  See, the joke is about Descartes' famous philosophy of 'I think therefore, I am", but to explain that part before the rest of the joke would be to put Descartes before the horse.
A straight man walks into a gay bar... A straight man walks into a gay bar and immediately takes a seat at the bar. He had never been in that particular bar before, and it didn't take long for him to notice that a majority of the patrons in the bar were farting openly. The thing is, all of the farts he noticed were "airy" sounding and almost silent. He found that odd, but continued drinking his beer and chatting with the guys at the bar.   After a few minutes, he felt a roarin' butt-cough coming and decided to just let it rip since everyone else seemed okay with it. He shifted in his seat and let loose a loud, juicy, growler of a fart. Immediately he noticed that the men around him perked up and started glancing at him. After a few minutes, the guy to his left spoke up and said "So uhh... you're a virigin huh?"
Helium walks into a bar and orders water. The bartender apologises, "sorry sir we are out of water" ... It doesn't react
Three sewage works, nine sport cars and 12 women walk into a bar... The barman goes "huh." Then one of the sport cars asks: "Do you like the new car smell?" The barman answers: "I only smell the fish." One of the sewege works looks at the women and says: so it **is** you. 
So Stephen Hawking walks into a bar... Just kidding.
The past, present and future walk into a room. It got all tense. 
A man walks into a bar and opens his suitcase revealing a million dollars in cash. "I'll give this million dollars to the first person who can sing "Auld Lang Syne" and give me head at the same time."  Immediately people started a stampede, men, women and children all alike, towards the mans crotch. They whipped his dick out and started battling over who gets to do the "performance" first.  But no matter how hard people tried, the rock hard wandering cock in peoples mouth made it impossible for people to either pronounce the lyrics or fight their gag reflexes while maintaining their pitch.  After hours of gargling his bellend, disappointed, the man started to pull his pants up when from the back of the bar a quiet pale lady offered to do the deed.  "One condition: you have to shut down all the lights from this bar. It has to be in pitch black darkness."  The man agreed to the ladys suggestion and asked the bartender to close the lights. The man placed his hands on top of her head and started thrusting.   And from the now silent bar, an angel-like voice articulated perfectly.  &gt;"Should Old Acquaintance be forgot,     and never thought upon;     The flames of Love extinguished,     and fully past and gone:"      Baffled and flabbergasted, the man had finally found what he sought. "I can't believe it, she must be cheating somehow." he tought. "I must find out how".  He reached for his phone and in an instant switched the camera flash on to see how she was doing it.   [She was holding her glass eye in her palm.](#s)
A piece of shit walks into a bar It's my dad... My dad is a piece of shit.
Two scientists walk into a bar. "I'll have H2O," says the first.  "I'll have H2O, too," says the second.  The bartender gives them both water because he is able to distinguish the boundary tones that dictate the grammatical function of homonyms in coda position, as well as pragmatic context.
A termite walks into a bar and asks "Where is the bar tender?"
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and he is completely parched. He sits at the bar, pats his pockets and realises he's left his wallet at home. He calls to the bartender,   "Hey pal, I've left my wallet at home but hey... tell you what, if I can show you something incredible, will you give me a free beer in return?"  The bartender is a worldly individual. "Listen mate, look around at the stuff on the walls, I've seen all kinds of things, been all kinds of places. I mean, you can give it a shot but I honestly doubt you can show me something that impressive."  So the man reaches into his left jacket pocket and pulls out a small hamster. He places the hamster on the bar and the bartender looks bemused. The man reaches into his other jacket pocket and pulls out a tiny piano, followed by a tiny stool, just the right size for the hamster, who sits down, cracks his knuckles and starts playing a famous piece of music by Rachmaninoff.  The bartender is speechless.  "Tell you what mate... I've seen some things in my time but that is absolutely incredible! Here's your free beer."  The visitor gulps down his drink until the last drop is gone. But he can't help but feel another drink would really hit the spot. He motions to the bartender again.  "Look, I could really use another drink - how about I show you something even more incredible?"  The bartender stares in disbelief. "After that performance, I think you'll struggle to beat it! But go on, try your luck then."  The man reaches into his left jacket pocket again and retrieves a small frog, who is wearing a waist coat. He places the frog on the stool beside the hamster. The hamster counts to four, the frog clears his throat, and over the piano the frog sings a classic opera, bringing several people in the bar to tears.  "Oh my word," says the bartender. "That is absolutely unbelievable. Here's your pint, mate. You've earned it."  In the corner of the room, a shady looking individual has been watching with keen interest from behind his dark sunglasses. He approaches the owner of the performing animals and gets straight to business.  "I'll give you £50,000 right now, in cash, if you'll let me take that frog off your hands this instant."  "Well, sure, why not?" says the man, as he duly hands the frog over to the shady character, who promptly slides back a silver briefcase filled with bank notes before making his exit with the frog.  "Are you MAD!?" the bartender says to the man. "You could have made millions with that frog!"  "Nah," says the man.   "The hamster's a ventriloquist."
A new guy in town walks into a bar and notices a large jar filled to the brim with $10 bills A new guy in town walks into a bar and notices a large jar filled to the brim with $10 bills. The man approaches the bartender and asks, "What's up with the jar?"  "Well, you pay $10, and if you pass three tests, then you get all the money."  "What are the three tests?" asks the man  "Gotta pay first."  So the guy gives him the $10, and the bartender adds it to the jar.  "OK, here's what you have to do. First, you have to drink that whole bottle of pepper tequila -- the WHOLE thing at once -- and you can't make a face while doing it. Second, there's a pit bull chained up out back with a sore tooth. You have to remove the tooth with your bare hands. Third, there is a 90-year-old woman upstairs who's never had an orgasm in her life. You gotta make things right for her."  "Well, I know I've paid my $10," says the man, "but I'm not an idiot. No wonder you've collected so much money -- that's impossible!"  The new guy proceeds to drink several whiskeys, and eventually, he gets up his nerve.  "Wherez zat teeqeelah?" he slurs.  He grabs the bottle of pepper tequila with both hands and downs it, gulp by gulp. Tears are streaming down his cheeks, but he doesn't make a face. Next, he staggers out back. Everyone in the bar hears a huge scuffle outside -- barking, yelping and growling, then silence.  Just when they think the man must be dead, he staggers back into the bar with his shirt ripped and gashes across his body.  "NOW," he says, "wherez at ol' lady with the sore tooth?"
A man walks into a bar and says "I just got back from the battered woman's shelter, and boy are my arms tired."  Everyone laughed.  The man sat at the end of the bar drinking alone.  He was proud of the fine craftsmanship of the shelves he put up in the shelter's pantry, regardless of what others may think.
A pirate walks into a bar.. With a wheel on his crotch. The bar tender says  "Aye, what's with the wheel?"  Pirate says "arrrrrghhhhhh, it be driving me nuts"   
An ego and a superego walk into a bar. The bartender says "I'll have to see some id"
A pervert, a con artist, and a fascist walks into a bar... The bartender asks: "What'll it be, Mr. President?" 
A naked lady walks into a bar and says why all the stares? We're on the 2nd floor and we don't have a elevator.
An Amnesiac Walks Into… An amnesiac walks into a bar. He goes up to a beautiful blonde and says, “So, do I come here often?”
A man walks into a pub in the harbor. He never been to this harbor before so he's a little curious about the people there. He sits down by the bar and orders a pint. Suddenly a sailor in the pub yells out   "Number 14!"  and the whole pub starts laughing. As a response, another sailor yells out   "Number 27"  and everyone again starts laughing.   Puzzled, the man asks an older man next to him what the deal is with the numbers.  "Well you see, since we all been hanging around this pub for ages we know all our jokes by heart, so instead of retelling the jokes over and over we numbered them all so we just have to say the number, saves time."  Intrigued, the man decides to give it a try, so he stands up and yells out  "Number 8!"  The whole pub looks at him skeptical, and silent. Confused, the man asks the older what he did wrong.  "Well, you told it a bit wrong."   The man sits down again, a bit embarrassed. The nights go on and people keeping shouting numbers and laughing, so he decides to give it another go. He stands up and yells "Number 57!"   and the whole pub erupts in laughter, greater than ever before.   Glad, but still a bit confused, the man asks the older man what he did better this time. The older man, barely able to speak through his laughter and tears says:  "Well we never heard that one before!"   
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and takes a seat. He then sets his briefcase on the bar and pulls out a tiny piano and a tiny man. He sets them both on the bar and, immediately, the tiny man starts playing the tiny piano. The bartender looks over, astounded, and asks "sir, where did you get that tiny piano player?" "Well, I just made a wish on this magic lamp I found," he replied with little enthusiasm, retrieving the lamp from the briefcase.   The bartender pleaded with the man to let him make a wish of his own, and the man accepted. "I wish I had a million bucks!" the man exclaimed, as he rubbed the lamp. Within moments, the entire bar and the surrounding area was littered with ducks. The bartender, confused, said "What the hell? This thing doesn't even work, I didn't wish for ducks." The man replied "well, did you really think I wished for a twelve inch pianist?"
A man walks into a bar with a slab if Asphalt... He exclaims, "A beer please! And one for the road!"
A man walks into a bar and asks for a Jack &amp; Coke The bartender asks, "Is Pepsi fine?" The man says yes. The bartender then pours Pepsi &amp; Coke in a glass.
A zombie walks into a bar and the bartender says... "Get a life."
A pirate walks into a bar. He has the helm of a ship sticking out of his pants.  The bartender very timidly asks him if he would like a drink.  "Arrrgh I'll have a pint of grog!" The bartender gets him his drink, and everyone in the bar starts to whisper to each other about the pirate.   After his third glass of grog, the bartender walks up to the pirate and says, "hey buddy, everybody is wondering, what's with the steering wheel sticking out your pants?" "Arrrgh its me wife.  She's been driving me nuts all day."
A woman walks into a grocery store So a woman walks into a grocery store. On her grocery list of items is milk, eggs, bread, and beef.  She walks to the dairy section and grabs some milk.  She then walks a little farther down the aisle and grabs some large brown eggs.  Then she goes to the deli and picks up a lb. of ground beef.  Finally on her way to the cashier she picks up bread in the bread aisle.  She reaches the cashier and scans the milk, eggs, bread and beef and the cashier says "You know, I bet you're single"  The woman, shocked, says "Why, yes I am single. How did you know that."  And then the cashier says "because you're ugly."
Two soon-to-be lawyers walk into a bar Exam
A coal miner walks into a bar. And the bartender says, “We don’t serve your kind here.”  The coal miner snorts, “You mean you don’t serve ‘minors’? Never heard that one before.”  “No, I mean we don’t serve black people.”’ 
Two mods walk into a bar... and if they don't delete this, I'm gonna look like an idiot.
A duck walks into a bar, the bartender greets him and asks: "what can i get you?"  The duck replies, "A slice of white bread please"  The bartender says: "Sorry, we don't have any white bread, I can offer you a fine selection of wines and beers though. What can I get for you?"  The duck replies: "A slice of white bread please"  The bartender tries again " I'm really sorry, we don't have any white bread, is there anything else I can get you?"  The duck once again states: "A slice of white bread please"  The bartender is somewhat exasperated by this point, leans over the bar, looks the duck straight in the eye and says "Look, if you ask me for a slice of white bread one more time, I'm going to nail your fucking beak to this bar. So.. one more time.. what can I get you?"  The duck says: "Got any nails?"  The bartender, looking puzzled, says "erm... what? No we don't"  The Duck says "I'll have a slice of white bread please"
A blind man walks into a bar. Referring to the bartender, he says  "Hey, wanna hear a blonde joke?"  The bar goes silent for a few seconds. The woman sitting next to the man says  "The bartender is an award winning wrestler, and he's blonde. The bouncer is 6'3, and he's blonde. The man sitting next to you is a boxer. He's also blonde. I'm a blonde woman, and am an expert in four different types of martial arts. Still want to tell that blonde joke, buddy?"  The blind man ponders this for a few seconds, then says  "Nah, wouldn't want to explain it four times."
A man walks into a shop and is greeted by a horse at the cash register.   He buys several items and asks the horse, "Don't see many horses around here. You like your job?"  The horse replies, "Of course! It doesn't pay well but business is stable."
An anteater walks into a bar... "First the horse, now this asshole" remarked the bartender.  Credit: u/reduxde
Two whales walk into a bar Bartender asks what do you guys want? One whale says I'll have a beer. The other whale looks over to his friend and says (make a loooong inaudible whale like noise.) First whale looks over to the bartender and says, "Well, looks like I'm driving tonight"
A spoonerist walks into the bathroom section of Home Depot and asks one of the employees where he can get a rub and tug.
A polar bear walks into a bar.   The bartender says, “What’ll you have?”  The polar bear says, “I think I’ll have a gin and ...................................................................... ............................................................................ tonic.”  The bartender says, “Ok, but why the big pause?”  The polar bear says, “I don’t know, I was born with them.”
A programmer walks into a bar A programmer walks into a bar. Barman ask him if he wants "beer or whiskey", he responded "yes" 
so you walk into a bar ouch
Cat walks into a bar Cat walks into a bar and approaches the bartender.  Bartender looks down at the mangy thing and says  "Wut you want?"  The cat looks at the bartender and says "Meow"
So this guy walks into a bar... Wait, no, it was a horse.  So this guy walks into a horse...
A man wearing a turban walks into a doctor's office... and the doctor says "What's wrong with you?", to which the man replies "Doctor, can't you see I'm Sikh?"
Two Scientists Walk Into a Bar The first scientist says "I'll have some H2O"  The second scientist then proceeds to grab a stool from the bar and throw it at his colleague, realising that the first scientist was trying to murder him.  
So a conservative and a liberal walk into a bar. The bartender says, "it's malt liquor night, in honor of black history month. Can I get you a 40?" The liberal says "sure that sounds all right." The conservative says "no thanks I'm alt-right." 
A guy walks into a bar And sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. The guy asks, “What’s this about?” The bartender replies, “Well, if you can jump up and slap the meat, you get free drinks for the rest of the night. If you miss, you pay for everyone’s drinks for the next hour. You wanna do it?” The guy replies, “Nah, the steaks are too high.”
A gost walks into a bar Then through a wall, and a chair, and a table.  Not sure if this is a repost but I thought of it myself
An elephant walks into a bar The elephant complains that the beer is not enough for the massive beast. He orders a big glass but it's still not enough. He orders a trunk full of beer so the bartender cuts the elephants trunk off and fills it for him. Then the elephant passed out, so the bartender guessed it was finally enough
Snake walks into a bar. Game over 
Pete and Repeat walk into a bar. Bartender says, "What the hell kind of name is Repeat?
A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender asks, "Where did you get that?!?" The parrot says, "Africa. There's a lot of them there!"
A QA engineer walks into a bar.. He orders 1 beer He orders 999999 beers He orders -1 beers He orders a lizard He orders ahhajahsjjfjeiai He orders nothing
A Nazi Redditor walks into a B.A.R He died.
A barber, a hairdresser, and bigfoot walk into a bar... You know what...I'm gonna shave this joke for another time.
A gorilla walks into a bar Everyone proceeded to get their dicks out     ^^dicks^^^out
A man walks into a hotel with his family...[NSF L] ...and the father goes to the front desk and says "I hope the porn is disabled." The guy at the desk replies. "Yes, all hotel entertainment systems have adult verification enabled."    The man's children are unperturbed, they access better quality adult content from their smartphones than a hotel TV.
Mrs. Rosenberg walks into a hotel Mrs. Rosenberg walks into a hotel and asks the guy behind the counter to put her up for the night.  "Name?" he asks  "Mrs. Rosenberg" she replies  "I'm sorry, ma'am, but we don't give out rooms to Jews."  "Jews? Who's the Jew here? I am Catholic" the woman yells.  "Oh really? Then please tell me who is the Son of God."  "Jesus Christ" the woman says.  "And who were his parents' names?"  "Mary and Joseph"  "And where was he born?"  "In a barn where the animals were fed and bathed."  "OK, you have convinced me. Here are the keys to your room."  "And now answer my question, sir" says the woman.  "Shoot"  "And do you know **WHY** Jesus was born in a barn?"  After a few minutes of thinking, the man gives up.  "I don't know. Why?  "Because even then there were idiots like you who refused to put up Jews for the night."
A panda walks into a restaurant... A panda walks into a restaurant, sits down and orders a sandwich. After he finishes eating the sandwich, the panda pulls out a gun and shoots the waiter, and then stands up to go. "Hey!" shouts the manager. "Where are you going? You just shot my waiter and you didn't pay for your sandwich!"  The panda yells back at the manager, "Hey man, I am a PANDA! Look it up!"  The manager opens his dictionary and sees the following definition for panda: "A tree-dwelling marsupial of Asian origin, characterised by distinct black and white colouring. Eats shoots and leaves."
A small hare walks into Bear's Forest Grocery Store... "Hey, Bear," he says, "Got any rotten carrots?"  "No, Hare," the bear responds. "I only have sweet fresh carrots. Do you want some?"  The hare shakes his head and walks out. The next mornings he walks in again.  "Hey, Bear, got any rotten carrots?"  "No," the bear says, "I've already told you, I only carry fresh carrots here."  This repeats the next day, and another. Eventually, on Thursday evening, the annoyed bear brings in a crate of rotten carrots to his store, and on Friday morning the hare comes back.  "Hey, Bear," he asks, "Got any rotten carrots?"  "Yes," the bear responds. "Here they are on the shelf, a crate full of rotten stinking carrots."  The hare smiles, pulls out an ID and says: "FDA, Mr. Bear. Food inspection." 
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his pants, a peg leg and a parrot on his shoulder... The bartender says, "Hey, you've got a steering wheel on your pants." The pirate says, "Arrrrg, I know. It's driving me nuts."
A man walks into a bar with a dildo sticking out of his butt and tries to order a drink. "Sorry buddy." The bartender says. "But we don't serve cocktails here."
A woman walks into a pet store. She sees a beautiful parrot with a sign on its cage: $10 OBO The lady asks the pet shop owner, "Why so cheap?"  The owner says "This bird used to live in a brothel, so he says a lot of inappropriate things."  The lady can't pass up the deal and decides to get the bird anyway. She gets the bird home and the first thing the bird says is:  "Finally cleaned up this dump, and the new madam isn't bad looking." The lady finds it amusing. Her two teen daughters get home and the bird says  "New whores in the house, business will be booming tonight." The girls are shocked but laugh it off. A few hours later the woman's husband gets home and the bird says,  "Hey, Dave!"
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says "why the long face?" The horse says Alcoholism is destroying my family.
A Stage Manager Walks Into a Bar.... and yells...  "HEY!!! Can I get some Glow Tape on this thing?!?!"  (Theater people should love this.)
An atheist, crossfit enthusiast, and vegan walk into a bar. A vegan, a cross fit enthusiast and an atheist walk into a bar... and everyone knows because they tell everyone within the first two minutes.
An African Shoebill walks into a bar... He orders a beer and as the bartender give it to him he says  "Hey, do you have change? I only have a large bill"
A man walks into a bar and gets drunk... A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. He downs it quickly and orders one more. This process continues for a while until the man is clearly drunk. When asking for his 4th round, the bartender says she can't serve intoxicated customers and asks the man to leave, so he does. However, after an hour, he returns to the bar, still drunk. The bartender, aggravated, tells the man to get out. The man leaves once again, but this time, he meets another person outside the bar. He tells the person that he himself if Jesus Christ. The other person doesn't believe him and asks for proof. The man agrees and says "Follow me." He walks into the bar and instantly the bartender yells "Jesus Christ! What the hell are you doing here again?!"
A termite walks into a bar... ...and asks, "Is the bartender here?"
Two nuns, a penguin, a man with a parrot on his shoulder and a giraffe walk into a bar The bartender says, "What is this? Some kind of joke?" 
A panda walks into a café. He orders a sandwich, eats it, then draws a gun and proceeds to fire it at the other patrons.  "Why?" asks the confused, surviving waiter amidst the carnage, as the panda makes towards the exit. The panda produces a badly punctuated wildlife manual and tosses it over his shoulder.  "Well, I'm a panda," he says. "Look it up."  The waiter turns to the relevant entry in the manual and, sure enough, finds an explanation. "Panda. Large black-and-white bear-like mammal, native to China. Eats, shoots and leaves."
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar and sees three pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. He walks up to the bartender and asks, "What's this about?" The bartender looks at the man and responds "Well, if you can jump up and slap each of those pieces of meat in a row without missing, you get free drinks for the night. If you miss, you pay for everyone else's drinks for the night."    The bartender waits a second and then asks, "So, are you going to do it?" The man mulls it over, and responds, "Nah, the steaks are too high."
A man walks into a bar "Ouch!!!", he says.
A man walks into a bar and orders ten shots of whiskey.  The bartender asks what is the occasion.  The man replies 'his first blowjob'  The bartender congrats him and offers to buy him another shot  The man says that is unnecessary, if ten shots doesn't get the taste out of his mouth, one more won't make a difference.
A con artist, a pervert, and a racist walks into a bar. The barkeep looks up and says "The usual, Mr. Trump?"
A man walks into a bar, and says... "...Ow."
A Horse walks into a bar A Horse walks into a bar. The Bartender sees such a vivid depth of despair and ennui in the Horse's eyes, like the Horse has stared into the abyss and found the infinite void of nothingness so deep that the Horse could no longer believe that he himself nor anyone nor anything else existed. To say something exists requires knowledge of self, which requires knowledge of existence of the self,  an obviously impossible leap of logic, absurd to even attempt to conceive or contemplate. The Bartender, in that single instant within the Horse's mind, became the nothingness the Horse perceived,  and thus was rendered speechless. If neither the Horse, nor the Bartender, nor the bar itself can be said to exist, then why should he ask, how could he ask, "why the long face?" The question can have no meaning, and that which has no meaning cannot be stated. The Bartender, dumbstruck, not by realization of mortality but by fundamental doubt that he was ever alive, gazes into the endless depth of the Horse's eyes, and asks him, "Sir, I beg you say, do I exist?" The Horse replies, "Neighhhh..."
A man walks into a bar and he sees a girl sitting alone... A man walks into a bar and he sees a girl sitting alone. He asks the bartender to buy her a drink. The bartender whispers "OK, but, between us, I think you should know, she is a lesbian." The man wants to  buy here the drink anyhow.  The man then is approaching the girl saying: "Hey, how is life in Lesbia?"
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink... When the neutron gets his drink, he asks, "Bartender, how much do I owe you?" The bartender replies, "For you, neutron, no charge."
A gymnast walks into a bar. He gets a two-point deduction and ruins his chances of a medal.
A man walks into a whorehouse. He only had $10 so he tells the madam about his predicament. She looks at him and says "Okay, but you can only do Betsy, that'll be $5." The guy pays her and walks down and sees Betsy. She’s not the best looking, but she would do. After a little bit, the man became more relaxed with the thought of doing a $5 hooker so he puts it in her and it’s the worst feeling he’s ever had on his dick — like sandpaper and teeth. He pulls out and tells her. “Um. something’s wrong, can you do something about that?” Betsy crinkles her face, then says, “Why of course! But it will run you another five bucks.” He hands her the last of his money and she pockets the fiver and goes to the bathroom and is back in no time.  The guy puts it back in her and now, it’s the complete opposite: it’s the best feeling he’s ever had, and he finishes in a flash. Panting, he asks her, “oh my god… that felt amazing… what did you do??” Betsy smiles, and says, “for the extra five bucks, I pick the scabs.”
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says “Oh just a beer”. The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong,why are you so down today?”. The man said “My wife and i got into a fight,and she said she would’nt talk to me for a month”. The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”? The man siad “Well the month is up tonight”.
Black guy walks into a doctor's surgery with a frog on his head Doctor says "ok, what can I do for you?". The frog says "I got this huge blackhead on my arse"
A pregnant woman walks into a bar... She says to the bartender, "I'll have a club soda Where's the bathroom?"  He answers, "I think you skipped a period."
A bear walks into a bar... He ambles up to the counter, and asks the bartender for a shot of whiskey.  &amp;nbsp;  The bartender looks back at him. "Sorry, but we don't serve wild animals here".  &amp;nbsp;  A bit pissed, the bear reaches out with a paw and tears the leg off of a table. "I said, I want a shot of whiskey." it growls.  &amp;nbsp;  "I really am sorry, but we can't serve wild animals alcohol in here, sir." the bartender replies, picking up a beer stein and polishing the rim.  &amp;nbsp;  The bear, furious at this point, gestures to the woman three stools down from him. "EITHER YOU GIVE ME A SHOT OF WHISKEY, OR I EAT THIS BITCH!" he roars.  &amp;nbsp;  Stone-faced, the the bartender continues polishing the stein. "I really am sorry, but company policy states that we cannot serve wild animals alcohol in this establishment."  &amp;nbsp;  Enraged, the bear turns to the woman, and within a few bloody moments, has eaten her entirely. Then, turning to the bartender, he snarls "I made good on my promise, am I getting my whiskey, or is someone else getting eaten?"  &amp;nbsp;  Still calm, the bartender replies "I'm sorry, but now we can't serve you alcohol for two reasons. The first still stands: you are a wild animal. The second: We cannot serve alcohol to anyone obviously on drugs."  &amp;nbsp;  The bear pauses, confused. "What do you mean, on drugs?"  &amp;nbsp;  The bartender points to the bloody stool where the woman once sat.  &amp;nbsp;  "That was a bar bitch you ate."  
A Chief of Staff, a Campaign Chairman, and a Whitehouse Counselor all walk into a Pizza Place... And proceed to rape, murder, and consume children in the basement,  because they're all John Podesta and the pizza place is Comet Ping Pong
A blind man walks into a bar... A blind man walks into a bar, then a table, then a chair...
A 3-legged dog walks into a bar... He's wearing a prosthetic. As he approaches the bar, he says to the bartender, "Excuse the faux paw."
So a man walks into a bar He looks at the bartender and says "Shots for Harambe"
A bloke walks into a bar in New Zealand... A bloke walks into a bar in New Zealand and orders a shandy. All the Kiwis sitting around the bar look up,   expecting to see another Australian visitor.   The barman says, "You aren't from around here, are ya?"   The guy says, "No, I'm from Canada."   The bartender says, "What do you do in Canada?"   The guy says, "I'm a taxidermist."   The bartender says, "A tixidermist? What the hick is a tixidermist? Do you drive a tixi?' "No, a taxidermist doesn't drive a taxi. I mount animals."   The bartender grins and yells, "He's okay, boys. He's one of us!"  
A politician walks into a bar and gets shot
The Dalai Lama walks into a pizza shop and asks... "Can you make me one with everything?"
A sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. Bartender says, "Sorry we don’t serve food here.”
A man walks into a bar with a gun A man walks into a bar with a gun and yells "WHO SLEPT WITH MY WIFE! I'M GONNA KILL 'EM!"    A man calmly stands up and says, "You ain't got enough bullets, mate."
A man walks into a psychiatrists office wearing saran wrap pants. Man: Doctor, I think I'm crazy.  Psychiatrist: Well I can clearly see your nuts.
A cowboy and a cowgirl walk into a bar Cowgirl says, "what do you do?", Cowboy says I did h**e** embolden the **e** everywhere
A man walks into a bar with his dog. A man walks into a bar with his dog.   "This is a talking dog. If this dog can answer my questions, who will buy me a drink?" he asks.  "You can have one on the house," the bartender says.  The man turns to his dog. "What goes on the top of a house?"   Dog: Roof.  Man: "What does tree bark feel like?"  Dog: Rough.  Man: "Who is the greatest baseball player ever?"  Dog: Ruth.  The bartender is clearly annoyed and snaps at the man. "That's enough. You and your dog, get out."   After the man and the dog are thrown out, the dog looks sadly at his owner. "Should I have said DiMaggio?"
A capitalist a communist and a socialist walk into a bar The capitalist orders 1/10 of 10 drinks  The communist buys everyone a drink  And the socialist sits there lonely with a single drink... that the communist bought for him 
A guy walks into a bar orders 12 shots and starts drinking them as fast as he can.  The bartender asks, "Dang, why are you drinking so fast?"  The guy says, "You would be drinking fast, too, if you had what I had."  The bartender asks, "What do you have?"  The guy says, "75 cents."
Two straight men walk into a gay bar Two gay men walk out of a straight bar
A duck walks into a bar A duck walks into a bar and asks, "Got any grapes?"  The bartender, confused, tells the duck no. The duck thanks him and leaves.  The next day, the duck returns and asks, "Got any grapes?"  Again, the bartender tells him, "No -- the bar does not serve grapes, has never served grapes and, furthermore, will never serve grapes." The duck thanks him and leaves.  The next day, the duck returns, but before he can say anything, the bartender yells, "Listen, duck! This is a bar! We do not serve grapes! If you ask for grapes again, I will nail your stupid duck beak to the bar!"  The duck is silent for a moment, and then asks, "Got any nails?"  Confused, the bartender says no.  "Good!" says the duck. "Got any grapes?"
A guy walks into a pub.. .And sees a sign hanging over the bar that reads: CHEESEBURGER: $1.50 CHICKEN SANDWICH: $2.50 HAND JOB: $10.00 He walks up to the bar and beckons one of the three exceptionally attractive blondes serving drinks. "Can I help you?" she asks. "I was wondering," whispers the man. "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" "Yes," she purrs. "I am." The man replies, "Well, wash your hands. I want a cheeseburger."
A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat.. The bartender says, "What the fuck man, you can't just go around stealing chairs."
A man walks into a bar with his dog A man walks into a bar with his dog and orders two glasses of whiskey. He proposes a toast and both he and his dog empty their glasses. The girl behind the bar is surprised and asks: 'Can your dog perform other tricks?'.   'But of course', the man answers, 'he can even gratify a woman'. Anxious to know more the girl leads the man and the dog into a little room above the bar. She undresses and full of expectation she lies down on the bed. The dog looks at her and does nothing, and the man then shouts to the dog, 'OK. Just ONE more time, let me show you how it's done".
So a fetus walks into a bar... What? Fetuses can't walk you retard. 
Two Peanuts Walk into a Bar... One of them was a salted.
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a drink, and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything behind the bar. Then the monkey jumps on to the pool table and swallows a billiard ball.  The bartender screams at the guy, "Your monkey just ate the cue ball off my pool table -- whole!"  "Sorry," replied the guy. "He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I'll pay for everything."  The man finishes his drink, pays and leaves.  Two weeks later, he's in the bar with his pet monkey, again. He orders a drink, and the monkey starts running around the bar. The monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his ass, pulls it out and eats it.  The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks.  "Yeah," replies the guy. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures stuff first."
A Redditor walks into Reddit Restaurant... All of our servers are busy right now. Please try again in a minute.
A Man Walks Into A Bar His Never Been To Before... He walks over to the bartender and asks for a drink, but he refuses as he is not a member. "Well? How can I become a member?" the man asks. "First of all, down this bottle of Rum. Then go out back and tear one of the teeth out of a rot wheeler and finally fuck a old granny." As the bartender is saying this he grabs a bottle of Rum and puts it on the table.  The man looks at the bartender before drinking the whole bottle with a few gulps. He stumbles out of the back of the bar and returns 20 minutes later with scratches all over him and a pair of pliers in his hand.   "So where the fuck is the granny with the rotten tooth?"
LPT: When a panda walks into a bar, leave before it finishes its meal. Panda:  noun a large bear-like mammal with characteristic black-and-white markings, native to certain mountain forests in China. Eats shoots and leaves. 
An Olympic Gymnast walks into a bar. He gets a two point penalty and ruins his life-long ambition of becoming an Olympic medalist.
A hamburger and some fries walk into a bar The bartender looks up and says, "we don't serve food here."
A bear walks into a bar. He says to the bartender "I'll have a gin...and tonic."    Bartender says "OK, but why the pause?"  "I was born with them."
A guy walks into a pub... A guy walks into a pub and sees a sign hanging over the bar that reads:   CHEESEBURGER: $1.50    CHICKEN SANDWICH: $2.50    HAND JOB: $10.00   He walks up to the bar and beckons one of the three exceptionally attractive blondes serving drinks.   "Can I help you?" she asks.   "I was wondering," whispers the man. "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?"   "Yes," she purrs. "I  sure am."    The man replies, "Well, wash your hands. I want a cheeseburger."
A snake walks into a bar... "I didn't know snakes could walk" said the bartender
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into the bar. The first one says, "give me a pint." The seconds says, "give me two pints" The third one says, "give three pints." Barman says, "Alright! I get it!". He pours 1/12th of a pint back into the barrel.  Then, the barman says, "OK, you guys owe me a dollar each." He then hands the mathematicians 50 cents.
A guy walks into a metal bar Iron Maiden was playing.
Jimmy Saville, Rolf Harris and Stuart Hall walk into a pub in Ireland The barman says "Not Yewtree again"
Reddit walks into a bar and pulls out its giant tool the bartender says, "ma'am, we dont allow severed penises as payment"
A QA engineer walks into a bar, and orders a beer. Then he orders 0 beers.  Then he orders 999999999999 beers.  Then he orders an aardvark.  Then he orders nothing.  Then he orders -1 beers.  Then he orders NULL beers.  Then he orders asnwikfjsdf.  Then he orders a "&gt;&lt;script&gt;give_me_your_credit_card()&lt;/script&gt;.  Finally, the QA engineer leaves without paying, comes back, and asks for the tab.
A blind man walks into a bar... and a table... and a chair... and several people...
A blind man walks into a lesbian bar. So a blind older gentleman stumbles into a all lesbian bar. They see he is older and blind so they let him stay and have a few drinks. The blind man ask's the bartender "You want to hear a blonde joke?" The bartender replies " Well, I am a blonde, the woman on your right is a defence instructor and she is blonde, and the two woman behind you are marines and they are blonde. Do you still want to tell your joke?" The blind man responds "Well not if I have to explain it four times"
A Scotsman walks into a bar usually he is with an Englishman, an Irishman and a Welshman but they are all in France for the Euros.
A Cat Walks Into A Bar A cat walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender looks him up and down and says "Huh, I thought you were gonna order a saucer of milk" so the cat changes his mind and orders just that.   After lapping up his drink, the cat remains in his seat for half an hour. The bartender finally asks "What are you still doing here?" and the cat replies "I'm just finishing shitting all over your floor."  The bartender cries "Why the hell would you do that?!" and the cat says "Because milk gives cats diarrhea. Maybe you should have stowed your stereotypes and just given me a beer, asshole!"
A black guy walks into a bar... A blond across the room is drunk and feeling frisky, so she walks up and asks, "is it true what they say about black guys?" Black guy says, "Lets go outside and find out." So they go out to the parking lot, he stabs her and steals her purse. Get it?
Santa walks into a nightclub... "Hoe, hoe, hoe."
Walks Into A Bar... A Big Black Bear walks up to the Bartender and says "Gimme a beer" Bartender says "No way, get out! We don't serve beers to big black bears in bars in Butte!" Drunk woman at the end of the bar says "You heard the man bear, get out!" Bear says again "I'm asking nicely, please give me a beer" Bartender says "No! I told you, we don't serve beers to big black bears in bars in Butte, so go away!" Drunk woman at the end of the bar hiccups and says "He told you bear, now jush get outta heeere" Bear says "Ok, one last time, before something bad happens. Give. Me. A. Beer." Bartender says "NO, we do not serve beers to big black bears in bars in Butte! Drunk woman slurs "Ya bear, get outta tha bar" Bear walks over to the drunk woman, bites her head off in in one huge chomp, walks back over to the Bartender and says "So you gonna give me that beer now, or what?" Bartender says "Bear, I told you, we don't serve beers to big black bears in bars in Butte, especially not bears on drugs!" The Bear says "Drugs? What do you mean? I'm not on drugs" Bartender says "Well, that was a Barbiturate"
A Roman walks into a bar and orders a martinus, The bartender says "Don’t you mean a Martini?"   The Roman then says "Look,if I want a double I’ll ask for one.
A mushroom walks into a bar and orders a drink, The bartender then screams at him to get out before he stinks up the place  The mushroom then says "Why? I'm a fun guy!"
A blind man walks into a department store with his seeing-eye dog. He walks to the middle of the store, bends down and firmly grasps the dog's collar, then yanks the dog into the air and starts whipping it around it in circles above his head.  A salesperson sees this happening and runs over to the blind man.  "Sir!  Sir!  Is there something I can help you with?" he asks.  "No thanks," says the blind man, "I'm just looking around."
A guy walks into a quiet bar This guy walks into a quiet bar.  He is carrying three ducks, one in each hand, and one under his left arm. He places them on the bar. He has a few drinks and chats with the bartender. The bartender is experienced, and has learned not to ask people about the animals that they bring into the bar, so he doesn't mention the ducks. They chat for about 30 minutes before the guy with the ducks has to go to the restroom. The ducks are left on the bar. The bartender is alone with the ducks. There is an awkward silence. The bartender decides to try to make some conversation. "What's your name?" He says to the first duck. "Huey" replies the first duck. "How's your day been, Huey?" "Great. Lovely day. Had a ball. Been in and out of puddles all day." "Oh. That's nice," says the Bartender. Then he says to the second duck "Hi, and what's your name?" "Dewey," came the answer. "So how's your day been, Dewey?" "Great. Lovely day. Had a ball. Been in and out of puddles all day. If I had the chance another day I would do the same again." So the bartender turns to the third duck and says, "So, you must be Louie." "No," growls the third duck, "my name is Puddles, and don't ask about my day."
[NSFW] A man walks into a police station... He walks up to the counter and says to the officer “I want to report a rape.”  “A rape?” The officer asks.   “Yes” says the man, “I’ve been raped by an elephant”  “An elephant? Have you any proof of this?”  “I do.” The man then pulls his pants down to reveal his now massive asshole.  “Ok.. Wait in this room while I call a doctor”  An hour later a doctor arrives and asks; “Are you the guy who’s allegedly been raped by an elephant?”  Annoyed, the man responds; “I haven’t allegedly been raped by an elephant, I actually have been raped by an elephant, take a look.” The man then once again pulls down his pants down and shows the doctor.   After a few minutes of examining him the doctor says; “this doesn’t seem possible, sir. An elephant’s penis is only 4 inches wide and your anus is much, much wider than that.”  “That may be so, but the bastard fingered me first!”
A guy walks into a bar, and sees a jar full of money sitting on the table. Puzzled, he looks at the bartender before ordering a drink.  “Shit, is this the tip jar for today?”  The bartender, cleaning a glass, shakes his head before looking up at the man.  “No, that’s our prize money.”  “Prize money?” The man asked. “What competition did this bar compete in?”  The bartender shook his head and sighed, giving a monotone response. “No, that’s the prize money for anybody who’s able to complete the challenge we have set up in here. It’s been there for years, and nobody’s been able to complete it.”  The man, now with his interest piqued, asks the bartender, “Well lemme hear it. I bet whatever it is, if I’m leaving with a fat wallet it’ll be worth it.”  The bartender, gives the man a serious look in his eyes. “You sure about this?”  The man nodded. “I’m ready.”  The bartender then began explaining the challenge to the man. “There’s three parts to this challenge. Sitting on that ledge there is a bottle of Jack Daniels. First, you have to chug that, no pausing, no burping.”  The man, listening closely, gives the bartender a nod.  “Second,” the bartender continued, “There’s a rabid dog out back. You have to wrestle it and pin it within fifteen minutes. Naturally, this is where most people fail.”  The man, slightly nervous, nods yet again. “Go on.”  The bartender continued. “Lastly, there’s an Eskimo Woman upstairs. If you can get her to have sex with you, the money is yours.”  The man, now intent on getting the money, immediately runs over to the ledge, opening the bottle of Jack Daniels. He chugs it down as the rest of the bar silently watches, before slamming the empty bottle back down with watery eyes. The bartender points him to the back door, where he stumbles over to before heading out back.  Before long, the horrible sounds of the man yelling and groaning can be heard, only drowned out by the louder barks and growls of the rabid dog. The sounds go on for about ten minutes as the bar patrons and the bartender all watch the back door intently, prepared to dial 911 before everything in the back goes silent and the man stumbles back inside, his clothes torn, covered in blood and bruises. He looks at the bartender, and asks with slurred speech:  “Now where’s that Eskimo Woman I’m supposed to wrestle?”
A little girl walk into a pet shop She asks the employee for a bunny, upon which he asks: what kind of bunny are you looking for? The girl replies: I don’t think my pet snake really cares!
Man walks into a restaurant and asks the waiter "what's the special today?" Waiter replies "Oasis soup" - Man: "why is it called Oasis soup?" Waiter replies "cos you get a *roll with it*"
An Irishman walks into a bar and orders three beers. The bartender gives him a strange look, but serves him his drinks. The Irishman takes them to a booth, clinks them together, and drinks them all.   He then goes back to the bartender and orders another three beers, which he proceeds to drink in the same fashion.  On his third round, the bartender can't help but ask him "excuse me sir, I couldn't help but notice that your order your drinks in threes, if you don't mind telling me, I was wondering why that is"  The Irishman grins and says "Well, I just moved here from me hometown. When me and me two best mates split ways, we agreed that we'd always have a drink for each other when we went out, so that we always drink together." The bartender nods understandingly, and serves him his drinks.  The Irishman keeps up this routine, coming to the bar at least twice a week and ordering three drinks at a time.  One day the Irishman walks in, solemnly makes his way to bar, and orders two beers. The patrons and the bartender all see this, and they assume that something terrible has happened to one of his friends. However, they don't want to disturb him in his time of grief, so they refrain from asking him anything.  When he goes to order his second round, the bartender can't help but remark "I'm so sorry for your loss". The Irishman looks up and says "Me loss!? What in tarnation are ye talking aboot?"  The bartender says "Well when you bought two drinks, I assumed that one of your friends had passed"  The Irishman laughs and says "No, nothing of the sort. I quit drinking is all".
a feminist, a man, and a dog walk into a bar the girl asks the guy, why does the dog have to be here? the man says: "I thought you would get lonely, bitches gotta stick together"
A guy walks into a bar with a giraffe. The giraffe gets drunk and falls over. The man goes to leave and the bartender says, "ey, you can't just leave that lyin' there!” and the man says, "it's not a lion, it's a giraffe."
Guy walks into a bar and sees a jar of money. He asks the bartender, "What's with the jar of money?" "That's from everyone that's tried to make my horse laugh. Put a dollar in the jar and if you get him to laugh the money's yours."  The guy puts a dollar in the jar and the bartender walks him out back. "Here's my horse. You get one chance to make him laugh." The guy walks up and whispers something to the horse. Immediately the horse starts laughing hysterically!   "A deals a deal", says the bartender. They walk back into the bar and he gives the guy the money.   A few weeks go by and the same guy walks into the bar. He sees a new jar of money. "Got the same bet going again?", he asks. "Nope. This jar is everyone that's tried to make my horse cry."   The guy puts in a dollar and they walk out back. "Same as last time. You get one shot." The guy walks up with his back to the bartender and shifts around a little. The horse immediately starts balling his eyes out!  They walk back to the bar and the bartender hands him the jar of money. "I just have to know! How are you doing this?"  The guy looks at him and says, "The first time I told him I had a bigger dick then him and the second time I showed him."
Three men walk into a party. The first man beelines toward a table with a bowl of punch. The second man closely follows. A few people are ahead of them so while they wait the first man turns to the second man and asks:  "Have you ever heard the one about the garden gnome?"  The second man replies "No, not that I can recall..."  The first man begins "Well you see, a garden gnome, a snake, and a raven walk into a bar."  The second man interrupts "Snakes don't walk! They slither."  The first man looks a little upset, but waves away the accusation. "Fine. The gnome and the raven walk into the bar. The snake slithers. Happy?"  The second man nods and the first man continues "Well, the bartender asks the gnome what he'd like to drink"  At this moment the first man is interrupted yet again as he has reached the drink table. He pours himself a drink and leaves the second man to fill his cup.  The third man, having seen the first man leave with a drink, sidles up to the second man "Well? What was the rest of the joke?"  "I can't say" the second man replies. "The punchline was too short"
A man walks into a bar and sits at a table. He tells the waitress, "I'll have a Bloody Mary and a menu." When she returns with his drink, he asks "Still serving breakfast?" She says yes. "Then I'll have two eggs-runny on top and burnt on the bottom, five strips of bacon ON END-well done on one end and still raw on the other, two pieces of burnt toast and a cold cup of coffee." Indignantly the waitress says, "We don't serve that kind of  stuff in here!" The man responds, "Funny... that's what I had in here yesterday."
A hot dog walks into a bar The bartender says, "We don't serve sandwiches here."  The hot dog says, "That's ok. I came for the roast beef."
A sandwich walks into a bar... The barman says "sorry, we don't serve food here."
A skeleton walks into a bar... He orders one beer and a mop.
An average American voter walks into a bar ...  ... and sees Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton huddled together at the end of the bar, whispering to one another.  Intrigued, the voter approaches the pair and asks them what they are doing.  "We're planning the 2016 election," brags Trump.  "What's going to be different about it this year?" the voter asks.  "Well," Clinton replies, "We're going to rig the vote count and put me in office, as well as delete a few of my emails."  "What's so important about these emails that they've got to be deleted?" inquires the voter, eyeing the two suspiciously.    "See!" Clinton exclaims, turning towards Trump, "I told you no one would care if we rigged the election."
A man walks into a bar... And says ouch.    &amp;nbsp    The bartender asks him why he said ouch. The man replies that he steps on a nail. But that's not all. Infused with a pain-fueled lust for vengeance, the man beats the shit out of the bartender, fending off several other patrons, and smears the blood on his foot all over the bartender, including his eyes. He then nails the bartender to the counter with shards of glass and pieces of wood.    The Bartender, due to blood being smeared in his eyes that was infected by a rusty nail, gets tetanus in his eyes and has to have them removed. The puncture wounds on his hands prevent him from moving his fingers at all, and he can barely walk without breaking down in agony due to the half-healed wounds on his feet. He wanders new york as a blind beggar, when one day, he hears the voice of the man who blinded him whimpering in pain.    The blind man hears the man who blinded him, lying on his back in an alley. He feels blood beneath his feet. "Help, please, I was beaten with a pool noodle by some thugs. I'm badly injured." The blind man just smiles. "Remember me?"  The man says he doesn't. The Blind man, as he can barely use his feet, and can't use his fingers, headbutted him until his skull cracked and his brains spilled out. Shortly after, the blind man suffers an aneurysm, kickstarted by the vicious headbutting he gave the dying man.    Unbeknownst to the blind man, the man who was dying was Jeffrey, the man who stepped on a nail's twin brother. He was a member of 15 different charity organizations and built homes and latrines in north africa. He never got mad, was always cheery, and didn't even fight back as the thugs were beating him senseless with pool noodles. The cycle of vengeance is truly a horrible thing.
A young boy walks into a Brothel dragging a dead frog on a string behind him... He approaches the Madam of the Brothel and promptly asks for a girl. The woman looks him over and says "I can't do that for a boy of your age". The boy drops a wad of cash in front of her and repeats his request. The madam ponders, and then tells him "alright, first door on the left". Before the boy leaves he asks the madam another question. "Can I have a girl with herpes?" The madam, again, denies his request. The boy drops another wad of cash in front of her. She reluctantly accepts and says "alright, end of the hall, the door on the right". The boy disappears down the hallway into the room, all while still dragging the dead frog on its string. He comes out a short time after and as he is walking out of the brothel the Madam calls to him. "Hey! I have a few questions for you!". The boy turns and nods to her. "Well, first off, what's with the frog on a string? Secondly why would you ever request a girl with herpes?" The boy pauses and says to the woman, "Well now I have herpes. I'm going to go home and fuck the babysitter, then she will have herpes. Later tonight my dad is going to drive her home and he's gonna fuck her outside her house, then he will have herpes. He's going to go home and fuck my mom and she will get herpes. Tomorrow morning she's going to fuck the milk man and he will get herpes and he's the son of a bitch that ran over my frog".
Two men walk into a bar. . . They both come out as lawyers.
A man walks into a bar... His alcohol dependency is tearing his family apart.
A piece of string walks into a bar...  and tries to order a drink.   The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve pieces of string here"   The string goes back outside, ties himself up, and messes up his hair.   The string goes back into the bar and orders again.   The bartender asks, "Aren't you that piece of string?"   "No," says the string, "I'm a frayed knot"
A man walks into a grocery store with a notebook. A man walks into a grocery store with a notebook. “Do you have sausage?” “No.” He makes a note. “Bread?” “No.” He makes another note. “20 years ago, they would have shot you for making notes like that,” says a woman waiting in line. “No bullets either,” he writes.
A piece of string walks into a bar... And the bartender kicks him out while yelling "I don't serve your kind in here, string!" The string really wanted a drink though, so he bent over and rubbed his head on the ground for a bit. Then he ties himself in a bow and walks back inside. The bartender sees him and immediately starts yelling "Aren't you that same string I just kicked out?!" To which the string replies "No sir, I'm a frayed knot".
An American and a British man walk into a bar. The American's nose starts to bleed. American: I'll catch up. I have a bloody nose.  British: why does that matter?! That guy has a bloody nose. She has a bloody nose. And So do I?
An infinite amount of mathematicians walk into a bar The first one says "I'll have a beer", the second says "I'll have half a beer", the third says, "I'll have a quarter of a beer", the fourth says "I'll have an eighth of a beer" and so on.  Frustrated the bartender gives them two beers and tells them to figure it out themselves.
A neutron walks into a bar... He sits down and orders a drink. When he finishes drinking, he pulls out his wallet and say to the Bartender, "How much?"  The Bartender says, "For you? No charge."
Right and Left walk into a bar when all of a sudden Left says "right, we need to leave". Left replies, "What? Are you crazy? Up and down are over there and they're looking fine" Right: "Yeah I know but I've already fucked up and if we stay I'll only end up feeling down".  Edit: Well I guess I fucked up too. :) Edit 2: Up is a slut. 
JaMarcus Russell, Vince Young, and Johnny Manziel walk into a bar... JaMarcus Russell, Vince Young, and Johnny Manziel walk into a bar.  Suddenly, gunfire in the bar erupts.  Who survives?  None of them, because none of them could get first down.
So ye nan walk into he bar Fuackin cant think she gime q wollop wit 2 fackin fidt she get the  fackn jaw broken mate
A Pokémon Go player walks into a bar... Then into a tree... Then into a car...
A piece of string walks into a bar... And asks for a Beer.  The barman says: "I'm sorry we don't serve pieces of string".  So the piece of string walks outside, ruffles himself up, walks back into the bar and says: "Can I have a Beer please".  The barman replies: "Aren't you that piece of string I just asked to leave".   To which the piece of string replies: "No, I'm a frayed knot".
A man walks into a store to buy condoms He notices that there are Olympic condoms on sale. He returns home and tells his wife, "Honey I bought Olympic condoms for us tonight!"  Wife: What's so special about them.   Husband: Well, there's a gold one, a silver one and a bronze one.   Wife: Which one are you gonna wear tonight?  Husband: The gold one of course!  Wife: Why don't you wear the silver one, it would be nice if you came second for a change. 
A man on crutches walks into his local Ice-Cream shop.. He asks the lady behind the desk for a Knickerbocker Glory.   She says; "Crushed nuts?"   He says; "No, a sprained ankle"
A tramp walks into a bar and asks for a cocktail stick “Just a cocktail stick?” says the barman.  “Yes please, just a cocktail stick”  The barman obliges and the tramp scurries away at pace.  5 minutes later a second tramp walks in.  “Can I have a cocktail stick, please?”  Bemused, the barman again obliges and again the tramp leaves in a hurry.  5 minutes later a third tramp walks in.  “Let me guess”, says the barman, “you want a cocktail stick as well?!”  “No thanks, can I just have a straw?”  “A straw?  What do you want a straw for??” asks the barman.  “Well someone’s been sick outside but all the good bits are gone” 
A man walks into a bar with a steering wheel between his legs. The bartender asks "What's that?" and he replies,  "I don't know but it's driving me nuts"
It's 1918, a German walks into a BAR ... and he's dead 
A Roman Centurion walks into a bar... and orders a martinus. The bartender says "don't you mean martini?" The Centurion says "hey look buddy, if I wanted more than one, I would've asked for that!"
A miner walks into a bar The bartender says: "Sorry we don't serve miners."  Ba dum tss
A Roman soldier walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says, "Five beers please"
A Horse walks into a bar A Horse walks into a bar  The Bartender says “Hey”  The Horse says “You read my mind dude!”
A chicken walks into a bar. A chicken walks into a bar. Bartender says, "Hey don't I know you from across the street?"
A mathematician and an engineer walks into a bar There was a dating event going on and they were both single as expected. So they decided to participate.  A bartender introduced them into a room with a very hot girl standing on the other side across the room. The participants and the hot girl were separated by a distance of exactly 50 meters.  The participants are allowed to go for the girl. Needless to say that both men were excited. But there's only one restriction.  The first period of distance one can travel is half of the total distance, and afterwards one can only travel half of the previous distance each time.  Upon hearing the rule, the mathematician left the room instantly without hesitation. The engineer asked why.  "That's impossible", the mathematician grunted, "its just an infinite geometric series, right? I will never be able to reach her in a finite amount of time."  The engineer smiled.  "Well, I don't really care. After a finite amount of steps I would be close enough to her for all practical purposes."  
A man walks into a bar… and sees that the room is rectangular. He then proceeds to go into every corner and takes a dump. After finishing, he proceeds to walk out, giggling.   The bartender sees this, and runs outside, catching up to the man.   Why did you do that? The bartender asked.   Four shits and giggles. 
A piece of string walks into a bar The bartender yells, "Get out, we do not serve string in here!"  About an hour later the string walks back in but he is all twisted, dirty, with his ends torn up.  The bartender says, "Hey, aren't you the string I threw out of here?"  The string replies, "No I'm afraid not."
A man walks into a bar...... Ouch!!! That got to have hurt!
A man and his Giraffe walk into a bar So a man and a Giraffe walk into a bar, they stroll up to the bar and order a few drinks. Now after about an hour the Giraffe who has had far too much passes out, the man seeing this pays his tab and gets up to leave and the bar tender shouts: "Oi! You can't leave that lyin' there!" To which the man replys:  "That's not a Lion it's a Giraffe"
A cannibal walks into the cannibal butcher shop A cannibal walks into the cannibal butcher shop.  He's checking out the goods behind the glass.  Human legs, human arms, ribs...  Isn't sure what he's in the mood for.  At the end of the line, he sees some brains in separate piles.  Mmmm... Brains sound pretty good he thinks. When he walks over he notices one pile is marked $1.99/lb and the other is marked $89.99/lb.  The man calls over the butcher and asks him, "Why are these brains at such different prices?"  The butcher replies, the $1.99/lb brains are the male brains and the $89.99/lb are the female brains.  The man asks why such a price difference?  The butcher replies, "Are you kidding me, do you know how many women we have to kill to get a pound of brains!"
A man walks into a bar The bartender looks at him and says "Jim! You have two black eyes!"  "Yup," says Jim.   "What happened?" asked the bartender.  "Well, you see I was at the church picnic. I was in line behind Mrs. Dunmore, and I happened to see that her skirt was wedged up into her buttcrack. Being a gentleman I pulled it out for her. She turned and punched me in the face!" says Jim.   "Ah, unfortunate," says the bartender. "But how'd the other one get blackened?"  "Well," said Jim. "I figured she liked her dress up in her buttcrack, so I tucked it back for her." 
Helen Keller walks into a bar And a chair. And a table. 
So a man walks into a bar... He said ow.
Two chavs walk into a shop... The first one asks for 10 cigarettes. the shopkeeper asks for I.D, the chav shows his I.D so the shopkeeper gives him his fags. The 2nd chav picks up 4 cans of Carling and puts them on the counter, the shopkeeper asks for I.D but the chav hasnt got any. The shopkeeper says "so you havnt got a drivers licence?" The chav says "I'm not even fucking old enough to drive so just give me my fucking cans"
3 Vegan Crossfitters walk into a bar I only knew because they all told me within 30 seconds
A Mexican walks into a wall... And he says...  When did this get here?
Two peanuts walk into a bar. One was a salted
A guy walks into a bar and hears someone say "Hey you look really good today"... He looks around and doesn't see anyone, so he asks the bartender "who said that?"  The bartender says "Its the peanuts, they're complimentary."
Two men walk into a bar... The first man says, "I'll have an H2O." The second man said, "I'll have an H2O too."  The second man died. 
A Redditor walks into a hotel, spends a night, and leaves... Username checks out.
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says why the long face. The horse says "I finally realise that my alcoholism is driving my family apart"
So this pirate walks into a bar So this pirate walks into a bar and he has the ships wheel attached to his hips.       The bar tender says, "wow that looks uncomfortable!"     The pirate responds,      "ARGH ITS DRIVING ME NUTS!!!"
A Unit of Power Walks Into A Bar Watt?
A polio survivor walks into a bar...... Wait I fucked it up.
A bear walks into a bar... A bear walks into a bar and tells the bartender, "I'll have a Labatt Blue...............  .......  .......  ...and a shot of whiskey."   The bartender says, "why the big pause?"
A man walks into a bar... Ouch!
A man walks into a bar with an alligator on a leash. A man walks into a bar with an alligator on a leash.   He puffs out his chest, looking all tough, and says to everyone in the bar, "Watch this!"  He pulls down his pants, opens the alligator's jaws, puts his penis inside the alligator's mouth, closes it, and then punches the alligator right between the eyes with all his strength.  The alligator's jaws spring open, and the man puts his completely unharmed penis away.  He says to the rest of the bar, "Is anyone else *man* enough to try this?"  After a brief moment of silence, a timid guy in the corner replies,  "I'll do it, but please just don't hit me so hard on the head." 
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... But they had to leave since there wasn't enough beer and room.
A guy walks into a bar... He sits down and says to the bartender "gimme somethin' cold and full of gin." The bartender replies "here, take my wife."
Walk into a bar So... A dyslexic guy walked into a bra.
A man walks into a butcher shop... ... one day and while he is browsing the meat selection the butcher approaches him and says, "I have an offer for you. If you can jump up and slap one of these peices of meat I have hanging here, I'll give you what you want for free. However if you can't reach them then you have to pay triple the amount." The man takes a moment to think it through and replies to the butcher, "Sorry, but the steaks are too high."
Sarah Jessica Parker walks into a bar... Bartender says "Hey!  Why the long face?"
Two functions walk into a function bar... ...and it's a big party. All of the functions are there, having a great time. Except e^x is off in the corner, all by himself, looking rather glum. So x^2, being the nice guy walks up to e^x and he says "Hey e^x, why don't you integrate yourself into the party?". And e^x hangs his head and says with a sigh "Because it wouldn't make any difference."
A rope walks into a bar ... A rope walks into a bar, sits down, orders a drink. The bartender says, "Hey buddy, we don't serve your kind here."  Dejected, the rope leaves. Outside he ties himself into a knot, frays his ends, and walks back into the bar. The bartender stops him and says, "Hey! Aren't you that rope I just sent out of here?"  To which the rope replies, "No. I'm a frayed knot."
Blind Guy Walks Into a Bar    A blind guy with a guide dog walks into a bar.  Suddenly, he yanks on the dog's leash, swings it above his head, and smashes tables and chairs with the poor yelping animal while the patrons flee in fear.      After he's wrecked the place and stopped swinging the dog, he picks up a stool, sits down and orders a drink.    The gobsmacked bartender asks him, "Hey Buddy, just what the hell do you think you were doing?!"    The blind guy pats his dog on the head and says, "Oh, just having a look around."
Harambe walks into a bar... Bartender: What will you be having to drink?  Harambe: I'll have a beer.  Me: No, he'll have just ice.  Bartender: Just ice?  Me: Yes, justice for Harambe.
A man walks into mordor ...just kidding
A giraffe walks into a bar... The bartender says "long neck".  The giraffe surprised says "how did you know my order?"
A blind guy walks into a bar... His friend then asks if he is okay.
Harambe goes walks into a gay brothel... Harambe walks into a gay brothel and tells the madame he's looking for some dick...to which she replies, "they're all out".
A man walks into a bar and orders 8 shots of vodka. "Rough day?", says the bartender as he starts pouring the shots.  The man downs each shot as soon as it's full, then says "You wouldn't believe it. You'd be drinking like this too if you had what I have."  "What's that?"  "25 cents."
A bear walks into a bar The bear asks the bartender for a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't give beer to bears in bars."  The bear replies, "If you don't give me a beer, I'll eat that lady over there."  The bartender says, "Go ahead."  So the bear eats the lady and asks for a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't give beer to bears on drugs."  "What do mean?" asks the bear. "I'm not on drugs."  "Then what about the bar bitch you ate?", replies the bartender.
A moron walks into a bar... "Ouch, my beautiful face!"
Q: A man walks into the bar and sees a sign: Handjob: $5 Cheese sandwich: $2  He walks over to the bartender, a big boobied blonde, and asks: “Are you the one giving out handjobs?”  “Why yes I am!”, she replied, smiling and sticking out her chest.  “Okay,” he said: “Now wash your hands and make me a cheese sandwich!”
3 Vampires walk into a bar... The first orders a Bloody Mary, the second orders a Blood on the rocks and the third orders a glass of hot water. The bartender confused, asks him if he's sure that's all he wants. The third vampire smiles, pulls out a used tampon and says "Yep, I'm having tea!"
So a bear walks into a bar... So a bear walks into a bar and sits at a bar stool.  "What'll it be?" says the barkeep.  The bear responds with, "I'll have a gin and.......................tonic.".  "What's with the big pause?" asks the barkeep.  The bear, surprised, exclaims, "I'm a bear!!!"
A group of men walk into a bar There are 5 men in a group walking into a bar.  4 of them walk into it  The 5th ducks. 
Guy walks into a bar out west It's deserted except for the barkeep.  "Where's everybody?" the guy asks. "Down at the town square. There's a hangin' today." "Yeah? Who they hangin'?" "Brown Paper Jack." "Why do they call him that?" "Well, everything about him is brown paper...chaps, shirt, hat, belt--he even rides with a saddle made out of brown paper." "Yeah? What are they hangin' him for?" "Rustlin'." 
A joke walks into a bar The bartender says "Cool! I never meta joke before!"
Horse walks into a bar Bartender says why the long neck  Horse replies "I'm a giraffe, retard"   Bartender says "I never said you weren't. Calm your fuckin tits."   They both look at each other blankly.
Tori Spelling walks into a bar... The bartender says "Hey, why the long face?"
A man walks into a bar (semi-original) A man walks into a bar and sees a bunch of old men sitting around talking and drinking.  He gets up to the bar, and orders himself a drink, and casually listens into the conversations.  "Yes yes, but number 42."    "Number 42?  Two fifty eight."    "Are you kidding me?  Thirty three my friend.  Thirty three."  The man looks at the bartender and asks, "Hey what's with the numbers?"  "Oh they're just talking politics.  Same group, day in and day out."  "But what's with the numbers?"  "Well, they got tired of re-hashing the same old arguments over and over.  So they just gave them a number."  A man in back shouts, "Fifty two, as always."  Bartender says, "See, fifty two means he's accusing the other guy of making an appeal to stone, which is a logical fallacy in which a statement is automatically dismissed as ridiculous without taking the evidence into consideration."  "Wow, that's amazing."  "Not really.  I've been listening to them for years.  Most of them don't even know what they're talking about.  I think you could just throw out random numbers and none of them would know it."  Just then an elderly gentleman sits next to him.  The guy decides to give it a try, so he looks over and asks, "So my friend.  Twenty eight."  He replies, "Twenty eight?  Bah!  A hundred and thirteen."  "Fifty-two."  "Fifty-two?" The man raises his voice a little.  "Seventy three!"  Not knowing what to say next, the man just spouts off random numbers.  "Eight nine"  "Eight"  "Ninety six."  "A hundred and four!"  The exchange continues back and forth.  Thirty-two.  Fifty Six.  Seventy nine.  One thirty three.    The old man stops and with a huge grin, he says "Ah ... very clever.  Very clever.  One thirty three.  But Sixteen.  You never considered sixteen. Checkmate."  The guy, still clueless about what they just argued about, looks to the bartender, holds up his finger to motion for another drink and says, "One."  At that moment, the bar goes silent.  They all look to the man.  The elderly gentleman is furious.  Enraged.  He stands up, and with as strong a punch any octogenarian can muster, he hits the guy as hard as he can, and storms out.    Stunned, the guy recomposes himself.  The bar goes back to their conversations, and he asks the bartender, "What the hell just happened?"  "That was Saul Greenberg, and you just said he's no better than Hitler."
Two chemists walk into a bar They walk up to the bartender and the first one says:  "I'll have a glass of H2O."  The other then says to his companion:  "Why don't you just say water? I understand that we're chemists an all that, but you don't need to walk around using random terms!"  The first chemist, frustrated, needs to rethink his assassination plot. 
A man walks into a bar looking sad One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says “Oh just a beer”. The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong, why are you so down today?”. The man said “My wife and i got into a fight, and she said she would’nt talk to me for a month”. The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”? The man said “Well the month is up tonight”. 
A lannister, a Stark and a martell walk into a tavern and fhey all find a fly in their cup. The lannister pushes aside his cup. The dornishman plucks the fly out and throws it away. The starks reaches for the fly, takes it out and screams in its face "spit it out, you bloody fly".              Its funnier in Westeros
A man walks into a bar Ouch!
The past, present and future walk into a bar,..  it was tense.
A reposted joke walks into a bar... It gets downvoted into submission
The future, past and present walk into a bar... Things get tense.
A black man walks into a bar... A black man walks into a bar, and on his shoulder is a beautiful parrot.   Upon seeing that, the bartender is very impressed and asks, "Where did you get it?"  The parrot replies, "Africa, of course."
So, a snake walks into a bar.... And the bartender asks in surprise "how'd you do that?!"
Yttrium-barium-copper oxide walks into a bar The bartender tells him, "We don't serve superconductors here."  He leaves without resistance. 
A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat The bartender says "Put that back you thief!"
A priest a rabbi and two naked chicks walk into a bar... the bartender asks "what is this some kind of joke?"
Past, present, and future walk into a bar It was tense.
A guy walks into a bar holding a pair of jumper cables He says, "Hey bartender, can I get a drink over here?" The bartender says, "Alright, but don't go trying to start anything in here"
A Native American walks into a bar with a cat, a bag of sh*t and a shotgun. He asks for a bottle of whiskey and immediately downs it. He throws the bag of sh*t up in the air, shoots it with his shotgun, and takes a big bite of the cat's ass.  The bartender asks, "Buddy, what the hell are you doing?"  The Native American responds, "I want to be like the white man: get drunk, shoot the sh*t and eat pussy."
A grasshopper walks into a bar and sits down. The bartender says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you."   The grasshopper looks puzzled and asks, "You have a drink named Steve?"
What does a pirate get when he walks into a second-hand shop? Disappointed. 
A Rope Walks Into A Bar A rope walks into the bar looking to get a drink after a long day he approaches the bartender and orders a beer, the bartender refuses and says "we don't serve rope here" the rope leaves the bar and finds a stranger outside and asks if he would kindly do him an odd favor, he asks the stranger to tie him in a knot and fray his ends so the stranger agrees and ties the rope in a knot and frays his ends. So the rope walks back into the bar and orders another beer the bar tender says aren't you the same rope that was just in here ? The rope replies "No I'm a frayed knot"  
A guy walks into a bar. He sits down when he notices a jar filled with money. So he asks the bartender, “Why is that jar with money standing on the bar over there?”  The bartender explains “well, that money is for a challenge we’re having. You see, we have a horse out back, a beautiful stallion. And if you can go out there and make that horse laugh, you can have all the money in this jar. But, if you want to try, you have to put $ 5 in the jar first.”  “Alright then” says the guy, “I’ll give it a shot”. He puts $ 5 in the jar and walks to the back, where the horse is. 2 minutes later the guy comes back and the horse is losing it, rolling on the floor laughing.  Somewhat stunned, the bartender gives him the money from the jar.  The guy sits down to drink a beer and then he leaves.  A week later, the guy comes back to the bar for another beer. As he walks in, he notices there is a jar filled with money on the bar again. So he asks the bartender, “what's the money for this time?”  The bartender says “remember that horse you made laugh last week? Well, he hasn't stopped laughing. So now we have a similar challenge, same rules, only now the goal is to get that horse to stop laughing.”  “Alright, I’ll give it a shot” says the guy and he puts $ 5 in the jar. He walks to the back and he comes back less than a minute later. The horse is perfectly quiet. He sits down at the bar and orders a beer.  The bartender gives him a beer and the money from the jar and says, “alright, you have to tell me how you did that.”  “Alright, I’ll tell you” says the guy. “To make him laugh, I told him my dick was bigger than his”  “But how did you get him to stop laughing?” the bartender asks.  To which the guy replies “I showed it to him.”
An American walks into a pub in Australia... ...says ''I'll have a bud light.'' The bartender replies ''You're an American, right?'' The guy says ''How did you know, was it the beer or my accent?'' To which the bartender replies ''Neither, you're the fattest fuck i've ever seen in my life.''
A guy walks into a bar with an alligator The bartender flips out and says, "Hey buddy, you gotta get that son of a bitch outta here. It's going to bite one of my customers and I'm going to get sued." The guy says, "No no no, it's a tame alligator. I'll prove it to you." He picks up the alligator and puts it on the bar. Then he unzips his pants, pulls out his package and sticks it in the alligator's mouth. The alligator just keeps his mouth open. After about 5 minutes, he pulls it out of the alligator's mouth and zips up his pants and says, "See, I told you it was a tame alligator. Anybody else want to try it?" The drunk down at the end of the bar says, "Yah, I'd like to try it but I don't think I can hold my mouth open that long!" 
A man walks into a bar, and his head is a giant orange. He sits down, orders a drink. The bartender eyes him warily, but gets him what he wants. The man sits sipping the drink, idly watching the baseball game on the bar television. After a while, he runs dry and orders another.  "Tell you what," says the bartender, "this next one's on the house, but you've got to tell me what happened to your head. I don't mean to be rude there, but..."  The man smiles. "No, not at all. I get this all the time.  Well, it started with the Gulf War. I was a young kid fresh out of high school, but I was poor. I needed money for college, and the Army looked like a good way out of the ghetto. But then they shipped me over to Kuwait. My platoon took some heavy fire during Desert Storm, and I was separated from them.  I wandered the desert for days, with only the contents of my pack to sustain me. I ran out of water, I ran out of food. I was desperate, on the verge of death -- when suddenly, I saw a glint of metal in the distance...  I forced myself onward, hoping the shining brightness was a glint of gunmetal from my platoon, or a city on the horizon, or anything. When I finally reached it, it was a piece of metal half-buried in the sand. I dug around it and excavated what appeared to be an old Persian oil lamp.  There was an inscription on the lamp, too covered in dust to read.   I rubbed at the embossed lettering -- and then, a swirl of smoke and light surrounded me. Suddenly, before me, stood a ten-foot tall being, dressed in traditional Arabian garb, arms crossed. 'I am the genie of the lamp,' said the entity. 'For releasing me, I shall grant you three wishes. What is your first wish, my master?'  I was incredulous, of course. I deduced I must be hallucinating, that this was desert madness. I decided to test the mirage. 'Alright,' I tasked it, 'I wish for a wallet with a million dollars in it, that I can never lose, and whenever I take any money out of it the sum is immediately replenished.'  'Your wish is granted!' boomed the genie. I felt a bulge in one of my uniform pockets. Reaching in, I pulled out a new wallet, stuffed to bursting with crisp, new American bills. I counted them -- sure enough, it was a million dollars. I ripped up the bills, cast them to the four winds, and threw the wallet as hard as I could. The moment it was beyond my sight, it teleported instantaneously back to my pocket, refilled with another million dollars.  'What is you second wish, my master?'  I pondered the notion for a long moment, assessing my needs.   'Genie,' I said, 'for my second wish, I want to be transported to a cool, abandoned palace, into a harem room with a hundred beautiful young virgins who will all fall madly in love with me at first sight, before a buffet table set with a feast fit for a king.'  'Your wish is granted!' Poof! I found myself in a royal harem, escaped from the heat of the desert. All around me, nubile girls eyed me with keen interest. In front of me, every conceivable type of meat was roasted to perfect tenderness, set with all the appetizers, side-dishes, salads, soups, and desserts of the four corners of the globe.  I dined until I was near-bloated, and then I had a lot of sex. I mean a lot. Several hours later, laying upon a bed of feathers, brown and blonde and red haired beauties nuzzling into me. the genie stood before me, looking down in satisfaction at his work so far.  'What is your third wish, my master?'  I thought long and hard. Truly, this last wish tasked the very limits of my imagination, my beliefs, my ethics, my philosophy. Hours passed in silence, save for the gentle snoring of the ladies surrounding me.  At last, I spoke.  'Genie, for my third wish, I want a giant orange head.'
A man walks into a bar ... ... and tells the bartender, "*Quick! Give me a shot of whiskey before the trouble starts!*"  The bartender pours the drink, patron downs it, looks around, and repeats, "*Quick! Give me another shot before the trouble starts!*".  This goes on again and again for 9 more shots. Finally the bartender asks, "*When is the trouble going to start?*"  The man says, "*When you find out I don't have any money.*"
Two whales walk into a bar.... The first one says: "AOOOOOUUUUUOOOUUUUGGGAAAAUUUOOOOOOOOOOAAAAGOOOOGGGGUUUUUAAAAAAAAA"  The second one says: " Go home steve, your drunk
A priest, an astronaut, and a hair dresser walk into the bar The bartender looks up and says "What is this, a joke?"
A baby Seal walks into a club.. ..It died
Two guys walk into a bar... You figure the second one would have ducked
So a woman walks into a bar and says "I'M WALKING INTO A BAR!" The barman says: "I'll give you a free drink if you can tell me a meta joke."    The woman says nothing, but he pours her a free drink anyway.  Why?  Only because he meta before. 
A woman walks into a costume party, dressed as a turtle. As part of the costume, another woman was painted green ND attached to her back.  At the party, someone asked the woman "Who's that on you're back?" To which they responded "That's Michelle".
A frog walks into a bank and approaches the teller, whose nametag reads "Patricia Whack." "Miss Whack, I'd like to get a $50,000 loan to take a vacation," says the frog.  Patty looks at the frog in disbelief and asks his name.  "Kermit Jagger. My father is Mick Jagger. It will be fine to authorize the loan, I know your manager."  Patty explains that he will need to secure the loan with some collateral.  "Sure, how about this," said Kermit as he produces a tiny porcelain elephant, about an inch tall, bright pink and perfectly formed. Very confused, Patty explains that she'll have to consult with the bank manager and disappears into a back office.  Patty walks into the manager's office and proceeds to tell her, "There's a frog called Kermit Jagger out there who claims to know you and wants to borrow $50,000, and he wants to use this as collateral." Patty holds up the tiny pink elephant. "I mean, what in the world is this?"  The bank manager looks back at her and says, "It's a knickknack, Patty Whack. Give the frog a loan. His old man's a Rolling Stone."
Two men walk into an Irish bar, one of them pushing a wheelbarrow full of body parts... When the bartender sees this the bartender exclaims "Jesus Christ, Murphy, what in God's name is that?"   Murphy replies "Don't you recognize me old pal Smitty?"   "Well what the hell happened to him?"  Murphy sighs "Well me and Smitty and Mickey here we're walking down the street when we found this genie lamp lying in the gutter, so Smitty rubs it and out pops this genie. He says he's got three wishes, one for each of us. Smitty here goes first. You know he was trying to get in shape but for the ladies but his drinking was getting in the way, so he says to the genie 'I want to be shredded but still be able to drink as much as I want.' So the genie, he just slaps his hands together and Smitty shreds up and falls into this pile of arms and legs."  Bartender says "You're kidding me."   "No" Mickey replies. "He's still alive. Pour him a pint."   Bartender pours a pint and Murphy holds the glass to Smitty's dismembered head which promptly drinks down the entire pint.  "That's amazing" said the bartender. The entire bar was watching now watching in wonder. "Are you going to wish him back to normal?"   "Nah," said Murphy. "When I saw what happened I just wished I had a wheelbarrow so I could bring Smitty down to the bar and show me boys how fucking stupid he was."   Bartender looks at Mickey. "What about you?"   "Oh just wished I could see the looks on everyone's face when you heard Murphy tell the story."
A man walks into a library Man says to the librarian: "I'm looking for a book on suicide.'  Librarian says: "Fuck off you won't bring it back."
A horse walks into a bar.... The bartender says "Why the long face?" 
Two strings walk into a bar. Two strings walk into a bar. The first tries to order something. "I don't serve strings in this bar," the bartender says roughly and throws him out.  The second ruffs himself up, ties his ends together, walks in, and orders. "Hey, didn't you hear what I told your buddy?" the bartender says.  "Yeah," the string says.  "Aren't you a string?" the bartender says.  "I'm a frayed knot," the string replies. 
A man walks into his house with a duck under his arm Says, "This is the pig I've been fucking"  His wife says, "That's a duck"  He quickly replies, "I wasn't talking to you..."
A guy walks into the doctor's office. A banana stuck in one of his ears, an asparagus stalk in the other ear, and an avocado under his armpit. The man says, "Doc, this is terrible. What's wrong with me?" The doctor says, "Well, first of all, you need to eat more sensibly."
a black guy, a rabbi, and a lesbian walk into a bar... across the street their physical therapist watches proudly, they thought they'd never walk again
A man walks into a bar... He asks the bartender: "What do I have to do to drink for free here for the rest of my life?". The bartenders says: "Alright, if you do three things for me, I'll give you everything you can drink for the rest of your life! First you must drink three pints of whiskey in one minute. After this you must go to the backyard and help my pet bear. He has a terriblly rotten tooth you must pull out. After you manage to do this you must go upstairs and have sex with the lady there. She never gets any attention and I want her to have a good time. You think you can do all of that?" The man nods and starts drinking the whiskey. He manages to drink all three pints in one minute. Extremely intoxicated he walks outside. The bartender hears a fight, loud growls and screams of the man. Eventually the man walks back in the bar with his clothes ripped and wounds everywhere and says: "Alright now where's that lady with the toothache?"
An infinite number of people walk into a bar... ...the first one orders a beer. The second one orders half a beer. The third one orders a quarter of a beer. The bartender stops them and pours two full beers. The infinite hoard is outraged and demands more, to which the bartender responds "C'mon, guys. Know your limits".
So Oxygen, Hydrogen, Sulfur, Sodium, and phosphorus walk into a bar. The bartender says "OH SNAP"
Walks into a bar horsing around A farmer walks into a bar with a horse. He says, "I will give any of you $1,000 if you can make my horse laugh."  A man yells, "I'll take that bet," and leads the horse into the men's room.  After a couple seconds, a loud braying laugh is heard from behind the door. The farmer screams to the man, "OK, I'll give you $2,000 if you can make my horse cry."  The man shouts, "You're on!"  After a few more seconds, the man exits with the horse trudging behind him with tears streaming down his long-snout. Flabbergasted, the farmer asks, "How did you do it?"  The man replies, "I said that my d**k was bigger than his and he laughed. Then I showed it to him."
Google, Yahoo, and Bing walk into a bar A search bar!    No? I thought it was too GUI 
A horse walks into a bar..... The barman asks "Why the long face?"
A large group walks into a bar... The first guy orders a shot of rum and asks the bartender to open a tab for him. The next person also asks for a shot of rum and asks the bartender to open a tab for her. The third person does the same. After the twentieth person in the row does the same thing, the bartender screams angrily, storms out of the bar, gets into his car, and immediately gets into an accident. A member of the group, confused, asks his friend what had just happened. He responds, "Well we had too many tabs open, and he ran out of rum, so he tried to force quit and ended up crashing."
A man walks into the bar.. A midget walks under it
An American and a Brit walk into a bar The Brit says "I'll have a wine" The American replys "I know you will"
S. Ramanujan walks into a bar "How much for a beer?", he asks.  "One dolar and twenty cents", says the bartender.  "Ok, give me a beer, then two beers, then three beers, ..."  The bartender serves him and gives him a dime.
A weasel walks into a bar. A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender looks up and says "Wow! In all my years tending bar, I've never had a weasel stop by. What can i get you?" "Pop" goes the weasel.
A bear walks into a bar and orders a beer The bartender says "I'm sorry sir but we don't serve beer to bears in this bar."  The bear looks at him and replies "Listen, if you don't serve me a beer, I'm going to eat someone in your bar!"  The bartender stated again "We don't serve beer to bears in this bar!"  Sure enough the bear gets up from the bar and eats a lady standing in the corner.  He walks back to the bar, slams his paw on the table and shouts "I've already eaten one person, now serve me a damn beer!"  The bartender gives him a stern look and says "I'm not telling you again; we don't serve beer to bears in this bar. And I'm damn sure not serving beer to a drug addict!"  The bear gets a confused look on his face and asks "A drug addict? What do you mean?"  The bartender then points at the spot the lady was standing and says "Over there, that bar bitch you ate!"
Two Virginians and an immigrant walk into a room Diametric'ly opposed, foes
A bra, a battery and a set of jumper leads walk into a bar ... The bra goes to get the drinks but the barman refuses to serve them. The bra asks why. The barman says ".. you're off your tits and your mates look like they're going to start something".
A Sexual Predator, a Business Man, and a Russian Spy walk into a bar The bar tender says what can I get you Mr. President?
A lady walks into a pet store... She sees a beautiful parrot with a sign on its cage: $10 OBO The lady asks the pet shop owner, "Why so cheap?" The owner says "This bird used to live in a brothel, so he says a lot of inappropriate things." The lady can't pass up the deal and decides to get the bird anyway. She gets the bird home and the first thing the bird says is "Finally cleaned up this dump, and the new madam isn't bad looking." The lady finds it amusing. Her two teen daughters get home and the bird says "New whores in the house, business will be booming tonight." The girls are shocked but laugh it off. A few hours later the woman's husband gets home and the bird says "Hey Jim."  
An old man walks into a bar and sees a jar full of wrinkly, dried up lemon rinds... An old man walks into a bar and sees a jar full of wrinkly, dried up lemon rinds. He sits down and orders a beer from one hell of a beefy, muscled bartender. He takes a shakey sip from his dark, dark beer, puts it back down, and asks about the lemons as old and shriveled as he is.  "We have a bet at this bar," says the muscles with a mouth. "I take one half of a lemon, squeeze it as hard as I am capable, then hand the lemon to you. If you can squeeze even a single drop of lemon juice from the lemon, free drinks for life."  The old man considers this while he finishes his beer. Placing his empty glass down, he pipes up, "I will take your challenge."  As-wide-as-tall makes a noise like a chuckle through his Jumanji beard "You're having a laugh. No way. My pinkie weighs as much as you, Skinandbones. We've had lumberjacks, linemen, bodybuilders almost as enormous as myself try. No one, *NO ONE,* has ever squozen a drop from the lemon."  "That's quite alright. I'll take your challenge nonetheless."  "Alright, but you buy the lemon, Dachshund."  So the man puts down 59¢   The tree with legs cuts the lemon in two and squeezes one half as hard as he can, muscles and veins pumping comically, juicing the tart yellow glob entirely, and handing the remains over to the old man, each as dry as the Sahara.  The human stick figure carefully wraps his soft digits around the rind, and slowly closes them into a fist.  He does not squeeze a single drop, but two. Then three and four and five and six and seven and eight and nine and ten drops.  The bar has gone completely silent, a multitude of flabbergast.  "How?" stammers the great Goliath behind the counter. "What are you, who do you work for?"  "The IRS of course."
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar one night and orders a vodka on the rocks from the bartender. After he finishes the drink, he peeks into his shirt pocket before ordering another vodka on the rocks.  The bartender sees this but does not mention anything, after the man once again finishes his drink, he once again peeks into his shirt pocket before ordering another vodka on the rocks.   The bartender now curious said to the man "Look buddy, I'm happy to pour you vodka on the rocks all night but do you mind telling me what's in your pocket?"  The man looks up and says "It's a picture of my wife and when she starts to look half attractive, I know it's time to go."
Two men walk into a bar You’d think the second guy would duck
A blind man walks into a bar with his seeing eye dog. He picks it up by the tail and starts swinging it around his head “What are you doing?!” shouts the barman.   “Just having a look around”
A guy walks into his friends room and tells him he finally finished his book about basil... Friend: "Well it's about time!" Guy: "No, it's about basil!"
A horse walks into a bar... ...and orders a beer. The bartender is in shock, an actual horse just walked into his bar, sat down at the bar like a person, and ordered a beer in perfect English. He tells the horse,  "I'm sorry sir, I just have to go speak to my manager for a moment."  So the bartender goes to the back, and explains the situation to his manager. The manager thinks for a moment and then says to the bartender,  "Okay look, this is a bar so go ahead and serve that horse a beer. However considering he's a horse, he probably doesn't know how much beer costs, so go ahead and charge him $50 for it."  The bartender shrugs and goes back to the front, where the horse is still sitting, visibly watching football on the TV. The bartender gets to the bar and asks the horse,  "Okay, what'll you have?"  The horse turns back around and says,  "Gimme an IPA"  So the bartender pours him an IPA, and slides the beer across to him. He then slowly slides the $50 check across the bar to the horse. The horse picks up the check with his hooves, passively looks at it, pulls out his credit card, slowly slides it and the check back, and then calmly goes back to watching the game as he laps his beer. Now the bartender is still confused, the situation is difficult to get his head around, but he doesn't want to risk offending a 1000lb horse by asking the wrong questions. So he opts to start some small talk and says to the horse,  "You know, we don't really have too many horses coming in here."  The horse slowly, impassively turns back around to face the bartender and replies,  "You know with prices like these I'm not surprised at all."
A man walks into a bar and really needs to shit, he asks the bartender to use the bathroom and is given directions. He walks in and sees a regular toilet and a gorgeous golden one. So the man plops down on the golden one and has the most glorious shit he's ever had.   The next day he goes into the same bar and does it again, this shit being better than the last. The third day he goes in and there's only the plain white toilet. He walks out and asks the bartender where the gold toilet went. The bartender looks at him and then yells "hey Frank, I found the fucker that's been shitting in your tuba!"
A chicken walks into a bar... Chicken: got any chicken food? Bartender: Nope, thats across the road.  That answers that question
Giraffe walks into a bar and says... The hi-balls are on me.
An American, An English man, and an Irish man walk into a bar They all order one beer, after a bit 3 flies come into the same bar and land on each of the men's drinks drinks the English man is disgusted and throws the beer on the floor, the American takes the fly out and continues to drink it, they Irish man drinks the beer with the fly in it when there is none left he squeezes the fly yelling   "GIVE ME BACK THAT LAST DROP YE BASTARD!"
A guy walks into a bar, orders six jägermeister shots. The bartender asks him if it's a special occation? The guy answers "yes indeed, my very first blowjob". The bartender gets excited and says "Congratulations, I'll give you the seventh shot on the house". The guy answers "Nah, if six jäger shots isn't enough to get rid of the taste, the seventh wont make much of a difference".
The Sahara desert walks into a bar.  The barman says "long time no sea."
A young boy walks into a barber's.... ..and the barber whispers to his customer, “This is the dumbest kid in the world. Watch while I prove it to you.” The barber puts a dollar bill in one hand and two quarters in the other, then calls the boy over and asks, “Which do you want, son?” The boy takes the quarters and leaves. “What did I tell you?” said the barber. “That kid never learns!” Later, when the customer leaves, he sees the same young boy coming out of the ice cream store. “Hey, son! May I ask you a question? Why did you take the quarters instead of the dollar bill?” The boy licked his cone and replied, “Because the day I take the dollar, the game is over!”
100 penises walk into a bar Bartender looks at them and says *"You gotta lotta balls coming in here"*
Meta Knight walks into a restaurant... There is no counter.
A man walks into the head office of a click-bait news site... ...what happens next will shock you!!!
A centurion and his cohort walk into a bar... The bartender sighs and says, "Lemme guess.  You either want one martinus or you'll hold up two fingers in a V and ask for five."  The centurion stabbed him because the bartender was a Gaul.
[long] A man walks into a bar on the 30th floor.... A second man already sits at the bar drinking alone and looking a little lonely so the he goes to sit by him and orders a drink. The second man looks over at him, smiles, and says: "You know, this bar is in just the right place that if you jump out that open window you'll pop right back up into it without ever hitting the ground." The first man looks over in annoyance, thinking the man is screwing with him, "Bullshit that's scientifically impossible." "No, seriously, it's true!" Argues the second man. "Watch I'll prove it to you!" and without waiting for a response the man walks over to the window and jumps.  Thinking he had just killed himself the first man runs to the window only to see the second man pop back in before he can even reach it. Staring in total surprise, the man can't believe what he'd just seen. "No way, do it again.!" The second man jumps back out the window and the first man walks to it and watches as he stops just before hitting the ground, and like being pushed be a rush of air, flies back up and into the window. "That looks amazing! I have to try it!" The second man moves over and the first jumps out the window. He feels amazing as he's free falling, completely sure he's going to pop back up before the fatal landing. Then he splatters everywhere when he hits the ground. The bartender looks over at the second man chuckling to himself as he walks back to the bar, "You know Superman, you're a real prick when you're drunk."
a racist, a misogynist, and a homophobe walk into a bar... that is to say, one PUA walks into a bar.
Guy walks into a bar He orders five shots. Bartender asks what he is celebrating. Guy says my first blow job. Bartender offers to buy him another shot.  No no the guy says if I can't get the taste of Mexican dick out of my mouth with five shots I don't think six will do if.
A blind man walks into a bar... And a table. And a chair.
A Texan walks into an Irish pub. A Texan walks into a pub in Ireland and clears his voice to the crowd of drinkers.  He says “I hear you Irish are a bunch of hard drinkers. I’ll give $500 American dollars to anybody in here who can drink 10 pints of Guinness back-to-back.”  The room is quiet and no one takes up the Texan’s offer. One man even leaves. Thirty minutes later the same gentleman who left shows back up and taps the Texan on the shoulder. “Is your bet still good?” asks the Irishman.  The Texan says yes and asks the bartender to line up 10 pints of Guinness. Immediately the Irishman tears into all 10 of the pint glasses drinking them all back-to-back. The other pub patrons cheer as the Texan sits in amazement.  The Texan gives the Irishman the $500 and says, “If ya don’t mind me askin’, where did you go for that 30 minutes you were gone?”  The Irishman replies, “Oh…I had to go to the pub down the street to see if I could do it first."
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar, orders ten shots of bourbon, and starts drinking them down as fast as he can.  The bartender asks, "Hey, mister, why are you drinking so fast?"  The man replies, "You would be drinking fast if you had what I had."  "What do you have?" the bartender asks sympathetically.  "About seventy-five cents."
A pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his crotch. He walks up to the bartender, orders a beer and sits down.  The bartender asks:  Hey have you noticed that you have a steering wheel on your crotch?   The pirate replies:   Yeah I know, it's driving me nuts. 
A man walks into a barber shop looking to get a clean shave A man walks into a barber shop looking to get a clean shave. The barber gives him a small wooden egg and tells him to put it under his cheek to help with the shave.  The man is skeptical at first but he inserts it into his mouth and sure enough, the shave is done beautifully with no nicks or scratches. The man, thrilled at this discovery says, "This thing it's great! Tell me, what happens if I swallow it by accident?"  The barber just smiles and says, "In that case, you just bring it back tomorrow like everyone else."
A doctor walks into a hospital office to treat a cancer patient The doctor says "to vaccinate, or not to vaccinate". the patient say "I love William Shakespeare!". the doctor replies, "tumor, or not tumor".
Guy walks into a bar and yells... at the bartender for 3 shots and a beer. The bartender pours him up and he slams them all down real quick and hollers for another set. The bartender looks at him and says 'hey whats going on fella?' the guy responds 'if you knew what I knew you'd be drinking too!' The bartender pours him up again and says 'well let me in on it.' Tje guy slams the drinks again a says 'One more set and I will!' so the bartender pours him up 3 shots and a beer and the guy drinks them all and says, 'I only got a dollar in my pockets.'
An Asian Woman Walks into a bank She asks the teller "I want to change my yuan to darruh." The teller replies" I'll give you 1 dollar for 30 yuan." She says" What da hell!?!? yesterday I give you 20 yuan for 1 dollar." He shrugs "Fluctuations." She angrily yells back "Well fluck you white people too!!!"
A man walks into a brothel.. The attendant behind the desk says "Beat it. We're closed".
A guy walks into a bar... Guy walks into a bar tells the bartender "pour me a drink" The bartender pours him a drink  Then the guy says "you know what? Pour everyone else in here a drink" Bartender pours everyone a drink  Then the guy says "Bartender pour yourself a drink" Bartender pours himself a drink and cheers the guy Finally the guy says "bartender I ain't got no money to pay for all these drinks" Bartender takes the apron off, bounces him off the walls, then throws him in the street   A month later  Guy walks into the bar tells the bartender "pour me a drink" The bartender pours him a drink  Then the guy says "you know what? Pour everyone else in here a drink" Bartender pours everyone a drink  Then the guy says "Bartender pour yourself a drink" Bartender pours himself a drink and cheers the guy Finally the guy says "bartender I still ain't got no money to pay for all these drinks" Bartender takes the apron off, bounces him off the walls, then throws him in the street   Two months later  Guy walks into the same bar  Bartender says "woah not you buddy. Get outta here" This time the guy pulls out a big wad of cash  Bartender says "oh I'm sorry sir surely you're welcome here with all that money" Bartender pours the guy a drink  Then the bartender pulls out a bunch of glasses and pours everyone else in the bar a drink  The bartender pulls out a glass to pour himself a drink  But the guy says "woah not you bartender. You get mean when you drink"
An Englishman, an Irishman and a Welshman all walk into a bar the barman looks up at them, shakes his head and says "is this some kind of a joke?"
A guy walks into a bar And says, 'Damn that hurt'
Pirate walks into a bar... Bartender says, "Is that a napkin on your head?"  Pirate replies " No, it be a bounty".  
A pirate walks into a bar... ...and he's got a steering wheel caught in his fly. the bartender says "Hey, pirate. You got a steering wheel caught in your fly." The pirate goes "Yarr I know! It's been drivin' me nuts!"
A blind man walks into a restaurant and sits down. The waiter, who is also the owner, walks up to the blind man and hands him a menu. "I'm sorry, sir, but I am blind and can't read the menu. Just bring me a dirty fork from a previous customer. I'll smell it and order from there."  A little confused, the owner walks over to the dirty dish pile and picks up a greasy fork. He returns to the blind man's table and hands it to him. The blind man puts the fork to his nose and takes in a deep breath.    "Ah, yes, that's what I'll have — meatloaf and mashed potatoes."     Unbelievable, the owner thinks as he walks towards the kitchen.   The cook happens to be the owner's wife. He tells her what had just happened.     The blind man eats his meal and leaves.  Several days later, the blind man returns and the owner mistakenly brings him a menu again. "Sir, remember me? I'm the blind man." "I'm sorry, I didn't recognize you. I'll go get you a dirty fork."     The owner retrieves a dirty fork and brings it to the blind man.      After another deep breath, the blind man says, "That smells great. I'll take the macaroni and cheese."    Walking away in disbelief, the owner thinks the blind man is screwing around with him and tells his wife that the next time the blind man comes in he's going to test him.     The blind man eats and leaves.  He returns the following week, but this time the owner sees him coming and runs to the kitchen. He tells his wife, "Amelia, rub this fork on your panties before I take it to the blind man."  Amelia complies and hands her husband the fork. As the blind man walks in and sits down, the owner is ready and waiting.  "Good afternoon, sir, this time I remembered you and I already have the fork ready for you." The blind man puts the fork to his nose, takes a deep whiff, and says,     "Hey I didn't know that Amelia worked here..."
A man walks into a bar... ... with his little Jack Russell terrier. He puts the dog on the barstool next to his. The bartender wanders over and the man says, 'I’ll have a pot thanks, mate.’   The dog says, 'I’ll have a margarita.’   The bartender does a double-take and looks over to the dog and asks, 'Did you just talk?’   'Yep,’ says the dog.   'My God!’ says the bartender. 'That’s incredible. This is unreal. Who would have thought: a talking dog, here in my bar? Tell me more about yourself. You must have had an amazing life as a talking dog.’   The dog assumes an indifferent pose and speaks in quite a matter-of-fact manner: 'Yeah, you could say it’s been a big journey. I trained for a while with the US Marines. Saw a bit of action in Iraq - can’t tell you more. I joined the Bolshoi Ballet for a stint. That was hard work but incredibly satisfying. I’ve written a few best-selling novels in my spare time. That was good fun. Of course, there have been fi lm offers, TV shows. Wine, women and song. All that.’   The bartender is now purple with excitement. He turns to the man. 'We could make a fortune. We could charge people to come into this bar and hear your dog talk. How much would you charge to allow your dog to talk here?’   'About $10,’ the man replies. 'Why only $10? That’s madness!’ exclaims the bartender.  The man answers: 'He’s a liar. He hasn’t done half those things.’
Johnnie Walker, Jack Daniels and Jim Beam walk into a bar  What is this, said the bartender, Alcoholics Eponymous?
A duck walks into a department store... and walks up to the cosmetics counter.   "You got any lipstick?"  The guy behind the counter says, "I sure do."  The duck says, "Well give me some...and put it on my bill."
A Rabbi Walks Into a Bar [Loud] "Ouch!"
A guy walks into a bar waving a handgun and shouts "I want to know who's been fucking my wife!" One of the patrons swiveled around on his stool and drunkenly slurs, "What kind of gun is that? A Smith and Wesson 686?" The husband replies "What the fuck does that matter?!?" The drunk smiles and says, "Because a 686 only holds 6 bullets. You're gonna need to reload."
A guy walks into a bar with an alligator.  A guy walks into a bar with an alligator. It's about 10 feet long. The bartender flips out and says, "Hey buddy, you gotta get that son of a b*tch outta here. It's going to bite one of my customers and I'm going to get sued." The guy says, "No no no, it's a tame alligator. I'll prove it to you." He picks up the alligator and puts it on the bar. Then he unzips his pants, pulls out his package and sticks it in the alligator's mouth. The alligator just keeps his mouth open. After about 5 minutes, he pulls it out of the alligator's mouth and zips up his pants and says, "See, I told you it was a tame alligator. Anybody else want to try it?" The drunk down at the end of the bar says, "Yah, I'd like to try it but I don't think I can hold my mouth open that long!" 
A meta joke walks into a skit. The meta joke asks the comedian "What's on the show today?"  You
A rope walks into a bar... The bartender says, "get out, we don't serve ropes here." So the rope leaves, loosens up its end bits, and ties its self up. The rope then walks back into the bar and the bartender says, "aren't you the same rope I just told to get out of here?" And the rope says, "nope, I'm a frayed knot."
A woman walks into a bar and asks for a double-entendre. So he *gives it to her.*
A redditor walks into a bar (for real this time) Just kidding, redditors don't leave their basements. 
A man walks into a zoo The only animal in the entire zoo is a dog.  It's a shitzhu.
A infinite number of mathematicians walk into the same bar... ...but there's already an infinite number of mathematicians sitting at the bar negotiating with the bartender, the place is completely packed, not a single stool is open.      "Hey, Hilbert, move over!" someone shouts. Everyone sits at the bar.
A man from out of town walks into a bar... he sees large pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. He asks the bartender why the meat is hanging down from the ceiling. The bartender says "Around these parts we have a challenge. If you can jump up and touch the meat, you get it for free. If you can't you have to pay the price of the meat but you don't get it. How about taking the bet?" The man looks up at the meat. "Nah" He says. "The steaks are too high.  
A man walks into a brothel and tells the manager that he wants a girl to sing and suck him the whole night for 20 bucks. The manager looks at the guy and tells him that he got a girl for him, but he has to turn out the light before she enters the room. The man delighted that evening turns out the light and the girl enters the room and starts singing and blowing him at the same time. She continues to please him the whole night. The next morning the man satisfied lying in bed turn around toward the girl and sees that she doesnt have an eye.
A duck walks into a bar... A duck walks into a bar and asks, "Got any grapes?"  The bartender, confused, tells the duck no. The duck thanks him and leaves.  The next day, the duck returns and asks, "Got any grapes?"  Again, the bartender tells him, "No -- the bar does not serve grapes, has never served grapes and, furthermore, will never serve grapes." The duck thanks him and leaves.  The next day, the duck returns, but before he can say anything, the bartender yells, "Listen, duck! This is a bar! We do not serve grapes! If you ask for grapes again, I will nail your stupid duck beak to the bar!"  The duck is silent for a moment, and then asks, "Got any nails?"  Confused, the bartender says no.  "Good!" says the duck. "Got any grapes?"
Harambe walks into a bar Bartender: What will you be having to drink?  Harambe: I'll have a beer.  Me: No, he'll have just ice.  Bartender: Just ice?  Me: Yes, justice for Harambe.
A grasshopper walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Hey,  I've got a drink named after you!"  The grasshopper replies, "You've got a drink named Bob?"
Two hydrogen atoms walk into a bar. One says to the other, "I think I've lost an electron." The other asks, "Are you sure?" The first one responds... "Yes, I'm sure."
A string walks into a bar... ...and asks the bartender for a beer. He nods toward a sign that says "We don't serve strings!". The string leaves and puts on a hat and walks back in. He tries to order a beer. The bartender goes to get one but looks at him suspiciously and asks "Are you a string?". The string says yes and leaves dejectedly. He makes one more effort and sneaks in through the bank door and goes into the bathroom. He ties the end of himself into a knot and frays the edges to look like hair. He goes to the bar and the bartender asks him...."Are you a string?" The string replies.... "No, I'm a frayed knot!"
A farmer walks into a bar Wat in tarnation???
A man walks into a bar... He sits down and orders a drink and looks to the end of the bar to find a giant glass vase filled with hundred dollar bills. He asks the bartender, "What is that big vase of hundreds for?" "Oh that's for our challenge, but nobody can complete it." replies the bar keep. Naturally, the man is curious and asks, "So what do you have to do to win the money."   "Well there are 3 levels to the challenge. First you have to take a double shot of our worst tasting whiskey straight faced without throwing up." "Sounds easy so far." Comments the potential contestant.  "Not many get passed that, but for round two we have a guerilla caged up in the back with a bad tooth. All you gotta do is go pull it out for us." Explains the bartender. The man, now a little worried says, "Ok and round 3?"  "Nobody has gotten passed round 2 yet, but round 3 is easy. We have a 97 year old lady who does not want to die a virgin. So all you have to do for round 3 is fuck her."   The man says to the bar keep, "I am going to go home and mentally prepare and I will be back tomorrow to take on the challenge."  The man walks into the bar the next day and slaps a crisp hundo on the counter and is met with a double shot of Uncle Trevor's Ass Whiskey. The man takes the shot and stares at the bartender to make sure he shows not even the slightest grimace. "Well done." said the bartender. "Now here are the keys to the guerrillas cage, you know what you gotta do." The man gives a nod to the bar keep and says, "I'm a warrior and I won't go down without a fight."   From the bar, the bartender and customers can hear a lot of loud noises, banging, screaming, roaring, and more coming from the back where the cage is. Thinking that he might need to go check on the man, suddenly the man comes out. He looks like he just finished a boxing match, black eyes, cuts, bruises. "Oh God are you OK?!" asked the worried bartender.  "Yeah, I'm fine. Now where is your old lady with the bad tooth?"
An Englishman, a Frenchman and a German walk into a bar... ... and they all order a drink. The barman pours a glass of beer each for the Frenchman and the German, put provides a plastic cup of beer for the Englishman.   The other two ask him, "Why do we have glasses, and he has a plastic cup?"  The barman replies, "Because he Brexit."
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar... It was tense.
Pirate walks into a bar... ... and as he sallies up to the bar and takes off his tricorne, the bartender notices it is lined with napkins...   Curiosity gets the better of the bartender and as he points at the hat he asks, "napkins?"  The pirate eyes him suspiciously and responds, "Aye, ye ain't a true pirate without a Bounty on ye head!"
An elderly man walks into a confessional... An elderly man walks into a confessional. The following conversation ensues Man: "I am 92 years old, have a wonderful wife of 70 years, many children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren. Yesterday, I picked up two college girls, hitchhiking. We went to a motel, where I had sex with each of them three times."  Priest: "Are you sorry for your sins?"   Man: "What sins?"   Priest: "What kind of a Catholic are you?"   Man: "I'm Jewish."   Priest: "Why are you telling me all this?"   Man: "I'm 92 years old. I'm telling everybody . 
A Duck walks into a Bar Duck: Got any bread?  Barman: No.  Duck: Got any bread?  Barman: No.  Duck: Got any bread?  Barman: No.  Duck: Got any bread?  Barman: No, and if you keep asking, I'll nail your beak to the bar.  Duck: Got any nails?  Barman: No.  Duck: Got any bread? 
A black man and a bird walk into a bar. The bartender said "What a beauty! Where did you get him?"   The bird replied "Africa."
Two men walk into a bar. The dyslexic one runs for his life.
A disgruntled customer walks into a tech shop... Tech: Welcome to our store how can I....  Customer: Yeah yea, look this computer you gave me is busted and it's your fault!  Tech: I'm so sorry you're having trouble with your purchase. What's wrong with it?  Customer: It was fine when I got it but then I got this message on the computer that I needed to clean the hard disk.  Tech: When you say clean do you mean that...(customer cuts him off again)  Customer: I took some bleach and scrubbed your little piece of crap real good, inside and out.  Tech: My god tell me you didn't.  Customer: I have some very important data on there and I don't need this kind of problem!   Customer: It was your computer I bought from your store that gave me this message, so now you have to fix it!  Tech: I'm terribly sorry that you have this problem. Usually such a situation would be impossible to fix, but I do have a solution you can try. Would you like to hear it?  Customer: Yes! Anything! What is it?  Tech: What you need to do is grab a sledgehammer, go outside into your backyard and bash the little bastard 'til kingdom come.  Tech: In case this does not solve the situation, please go to your local gas station and procure a gallon of gasoline, or kerosine if you prefer.  Tech: Then douse the poor thing, light a match, and watch all your problems go up in flames!  Tech: Now, if you do all that I GAURANTEE you will no longer have a hard disk problem.  Customer: son-of-a-... that won't fix it at all!  Tech: But, the original problem will be gone.
A priest, a rabbi and a redditor walks into a bar "Oww!" all 3 exclaimed rubbing their foreheads as the bar for r/jokes was too low.
A mushroom walks into a bar The bartender says we don't serve your kind here so he replies "Why not?!  I'm a fun guy!"
I man walks into a bar, and the bartender says, That must've hurt.
Steven Hawking walks into a bar... ...just kidding.
A musician walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender asks "Why the long face?"  "I play flute in a travelling orchestra" he said. "Last month, we played for the Ottoman sultan. He liked our performance and ordered to fill our instruments with sapphires. The cello got 1000 sapphires in, the drum got 2000 sapphires in, this piece of trash didn't get even one in.   Last week, we played for the German kaiser, and he also liked our performance and ordered to fill our instruments with gold. Cello got 2000 coins in, drum got 4000 coins in, this piece of trash didn't get even one in.  Yesterday, we played for the Russian czar, he said we are playing out of tune and ordered to shove our instruments up our asses. The drum didn't get in, the cello didn't get in, this piece of trash went in all the way to B flat!"
A Russian, an Irishman, and a Chinese guy all walk into a bar. The 3 planned to take a taxi back to their homes, but they realized they couldn't get enough money for a taxi after they were done.  The Russian and Irishman fight over who should be the designated driver, until the Chinese man steps in.  "It's ok guys, I'll be the designated driver for tonight." The Russian guy says, "what difference does it make? You'll just crash anyway!"
A piece of rope walks into a bar. Asks for a beer. Bartender says, "Sorry,  we dont serve rope here"   Rope leaves, ties himself in a knot and frizzes up his hair, and walks back in and orders a beer.   "Hey,  aren't you the same piece of rope that walked in here a minute ago?"  "No" says the rope, "I'm a frayed knot"
A black man and a white man walk into a bakery, The black man immediately steals three pastries and puts them in his pocket.  He says to the white, "See how good I am? The owner didn't see a thing."  The white man says to the black man, "That's typical of you black people. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result."  He goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick."  Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. The white man swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then the white man swallows that one and asks for a third pastry and eats that, too.  The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "So what did you do with the pastries?"  The white man replies, "Look in the black man's back pocket."
A man walks into a bar and orders 3 beers. The bartender brings him the three beers, and the man proceeds to alternately sip one, then the other, then the third, until they're gone.  He then orders three more and the bartender says, "Sir, I know you like them cold, so you can start with one, and I'll bring you a fresh one as soon as you're low."  The man says, "You don't understand. I have two brothers, one in Australia and one in Ireland. We made a vow to each other that every Saturday night, we'd still drink together. So right now, my brothers have three beers, too, and we're drinking together."  The bartender thinks it's a wonderful tradition, and every week he sets up the guy's three beers. Then one week, the man comes in and orders only two. He drinks them and then orders two more. The bartender says sadly, "Knowing your tradition, I'd just like to just say that I'm sorry you've lost a brother."  The man replies, "Oh, my brothers are fine -- I just quit drinking."
A grasshopper walks into a bar and the bartender says "hey! We have a drink named after you!" And the grasshopper says "You have a drink named Steve?!"
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and says: "A beer please, and one for the road."
A spider walks into a bar and says "I'm a black widow." The bartender says, "Honey, you ain't no black widow.  Hell, you're barely a brown recluse!"
A man walks into a bar. A man walks into a bar &amp; orders a jack and coke. The bartenders gives the man an apple. The guy looks baffled &amp; the bartender tells him to just try it.   The man took a bite out of the apple. "That tastes like Jack!"   "Turn it around." Says the bartender.  The man takes a bite out of the other side. "That tasted like coke!"  Another patron walks in &amp; orders a rum &amp; Sprite. The bartender once again places an apple in front of him.   This man is equally as baffled as the first. The guy next to him tells him to just try it. He takes a bite &amp; says, "that tastes like rum!"  The bartender chimes in &amp; tells him to "turn it around."   The man takes a bite out of the other side and it tastes like Sprite. The two men look @ each other with surprise.   A third man walks in &amp; before he has a chance to order a drink, the first two men tell him that the bartender can make him anything he could ever want.  The man, in disbelief, says, "well in that case, I want some pussy!"   The bartender places an apple in front of him &amp; everyone is shocked. The two men talk him into trying the apple.  He takes a bite &amp; spits it out &amp; yells, "that tastes like shit!"  The bartender laughs &amp; says, "turn it around."
Man walks into a shrink`s office.. Man walks into a shrink's office.. Shrink  "I know exactly why you are here. You suffer from an addiction to internet porn, and you masturbate constantly". Patient  "That`s amazing! How can you tell all that without even asking me one question"? Shrink  "I saw the wedding ring on your finger".
Two guys walk into a bar You would think the second one would've ducked...
A boomerang walks into a bar... Bartender says, "Hey, I thought I threw you out of here!"
Two guys walk into a bar. Psyche! It's just another United Airlines joke.
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar to grab a beer and forget about his trouble. The bar was very busy and quite loud. He walks up to the bar and gestures to the barkeep that he was ready to whet his whistle. The barkeep put one finger up as if to say I'll be right with you. As the man waited he casually peered around the bar. There were patrons drinking, talking, laughing, singing, playing pool. For the most part it was your typical atmosphere. However, as the man's eyes gazed towards the corner he noticed a little tiny man, and he was playing the smallest piano the man had ever seen. It was shocking to say the least.   When the barkeep had finally made his way over to the man, he asked "What can I get ya?" The man was still confused, and ignored the question and instead pressed for some answers. "That piano player, I'm curious... where did you find him?" The barkeep bent over the bar and leaned toward the man as if to indicate that it was a secret. Ever so inquisitive, the man leaned in and readied himself for the answer. "I have a genie in the back of the bar..." he whispered into the man's ear. "A genie?" the man said in disbelief. "Yes! A genie... he will grant anyone who stands before him one wish." The barkeep replied matter-of-factly.  It was a bit too far-fetched for the man to believe but he humored the barkeep. "Do you mind if I see him?" Hesitantly, the barkeep gave the affirmative, "Sure, go right ahead."   So the man walked towards the back of the bar, pushing through the crowd of oblivious patrons. As he approached the door, he took a deep breath before he entered. Sure enough, just as the bartender had stated, there was a genie floating right before his very eyes. As the man moved closer, the genie bellowed out his greeting. "Greetings mortal, I am Sun-Jin. As you stand before me, I must grant you one wish. Choose wisely." The man thought about his wish for just a second before he blurted "I would like a million bucks!" The genie bowed his head and said "It shall be done."  The moment those words had left the genie’s lips a million ducks appeared out of thin air. The poured out of the back of the bar into the crowd of now frightened people. There was so many ducks that they had burst through the door into the streets. Mothers held their children close; grown men wept at the chaos that lay before them. As the confusion set in, the man drudged his way over to the barkeep. “Hey! You!” The man shouted, “I think your genie is hard of hearing.” The bartender frowned, “You’re telling me! Do you really think I wished for a 12 inch pianist?”
A bear walks into a bar... The bear says "I'll have a beer and a................... packet of peanuts" The bartender says "why the big pause"?
A sandwich walks into a bar... The barman says: "Sorry, we don't serve food here"
Two bacteria walk into a bar. The bartender says, “We don’t serve bacteria here.” The bacteria say, “But we work here, we’re staph"
A Black guy walks into a bar So a black guy with a parrot walks into the bar.    The bartender asks "Where'd you get him?"  The parrot says "Africa"
A man walks into a bar the next guy walks under it.
A Native American pregnant woman walks into a room Her grandfather, the chief, stares at her womb and greets her saying "Hao" she replies "I don't know how, but I know who!" 
A Scotsman walks into a bar Then proceeds to get blackout drunk for the night and attempts to stumble home. He passes out on the street as two American women on holiday pass by. One says to the other *"Let's see if what they say about kilts are true"* and sure enough there was no underwear to be seen. As a joke, one of the women takes a blue ribbon from her hair and ties it around his junk so he'll be confused when he wakes up in the morning.  A few hours later and the Scotsman wakes up needing to take a piss. As he looks down he notices the ribbon and says *"Lad, I don't know where you've been but I'm glad to see you won first prize."*
A horse walks into a bar He saddles up to the counter.       The bartender asks       "Would you like a drink?"    The horse replies     "Neigh."   (I'm so sorry)
Two chinamen walk into a bar... the bartender asks "hey, why the same face?"
A guy walks into a bar and orders a drink. He sees another guy drinking, and notices he is sitting next to a tiny person playing a piano on the bar.  "Nice piano player" the guy says. "Where did you get that."  The drinking guy reaches into his pocket and pulls out a lamp. "Here, rub the lamp and you will get three wishes." He says. "Just make sure you speak clearly"  The guy rubs the lamp, and a genie appears. "You have three wishes" the genie says.  "A million bucks!" The guy shouts, and with the nod of the genies head, one million ducks appear in the bar, quacking and flapping about."  Disappointed the guy says, "I didn't ask for a million ducks!"  His drinking buddy leans over and mutters, "Do you think I asked for an 11-inch pianist?"
Man walks into his bedroom with a sheep under his arm. His wife is lying in bed reading.   Man says, "This is the pig I have sex with when you've got a headache."   Wife replies, "I think you'll find that is a sheep."   Man replies, "I think you'll find I was talking to the sheep."
Two men walk into a bar The third one ducks
So a terrorist walks into a gay bar and goes... "Free shots on me."
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and sees meat hanging from the ceiling. He asks the bartender "why is there meat hanging from the ceiling". The bartender responds "If you jump and touch the meat, you get a free drink. If you jump and miss, you have to buy drinks for everyone".   The bartender asks "Are you going to do it?"  The man responds "No. The steaks are too high"
A pirate walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender notices that there appears to be a ship wheel stuck in the pirate's pants. The bartender says "Hey there, what's with the ship wheel in your pants? Doesn't that hurt?"  The pirate replies "Gar matey...it's drivin' me nuts."
A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West   A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West. He slides up to the bar and announces: ''I'm looking for the man who shot my paw.''
Two men walk into a bar. Ouch.
The band "Snow Patrol" walks into a bar... The band "Snow Patrol" walks into a bar, looking a little tipsy.  The bartender asks, "How many bars have you folks been to, tonight?"  They reply, "Just two."  The bartender says, "GET OUT!!"
A man walk into a fishmongers with a salmon under his arm. He is sweating, in a panic. He says to the man "Excuse me sir..do you sell fish cakes?" The fishmonger beams "Why yes...yes we do" The name breathes a sigh of relief "Thank you so much..." he points to his fishy friend "It's his birthday!"
A lawyer walks into a bar... He passes.
A Mexican walks into a bar The bartender says "You can stay, but you must sit behind that wall over there."
A man walks into a search bar Just kidding.  No one ever does that.
A robber walks into a bakery, and pulls out a gun. "Give me the dough!"
A jumper cable walks into a bar. The bartender says, "I'll serve you, but don't start anything."
Two scientists walk into a bar... The first scientist orders H2O The second scientist H2O too The second one dies. 
A man from a small town walks into a bar... Smiling from ear to ear he takes a seat at the bar and asks the bartender for a beer.  The bartender pours him a drink and asks what's got him smiling so big.  The man replied, "I'm getting married to the most beautiful woman ever this weeked."  He proceeds to show the bartender her photo and the bartender says to him,  "You can't marry that woman! She's the biggest whore in town!"  The man offended leaves and heads to another bar.   Unphased by his last encounter,  he walks into the next bar still smiling and asks the bartender for a drink.  The bartender serves him up and asks what's got him in such a great mood.  The man replies, "I'm marrying the love of my life this weekend. Ava Lucas "  The bartender shouts, "that woman has been with every man in town. Don't you marry that whore."  Once again, the man is offended and storms out.   He walks a couple of blocks, contemplating and sees another bar up ahead. So he walks in. Now completely bummed out and disappointed he takes a seat at the bar and asks for some hard liquor. The bartender asks, "what's got you feeling so down?"  The man says, "I'm getting married in a few days and a couple of people are encouraging me to not go through with it."  The bartender comforts the man by saying, "Son, marriage is a beautiful thing.  Pay no mind to the naysayers. You'll see that there are struggles in marriage but having a lifetime companion is the best thing any man can ask for. "  The man's face begins to gain color and the bartender says  "as long as you don't marry that whore of a woman Ava Lucas, you should be fine."
Three logicians walk into a bar... The bartender walks up to them and asks, "can I get you all a beer?"  The first logician thinks for a moment and replies, "I don't know."  The second logician also takes a moment before replying, "I don't know."  The third logician says "Yes."
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar It was tense
A continental Soldier Walks Into a Bar He sees a British soldier and when the bartender notices he says"Don't worry it's fine he's just a regular"  
A dyslexic walks into a bank and yells: "Air in the hands mother stickers, this is a fuck up!"
An Irishman walks into a bar in Dublin An Irishman walks into a bar in Dublin, orders three pints of Guinness and sits in the back of the room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn.  When he finishes them, he comes back to the bar and orders three more. The bartender approaches and tells him, "You know, a pint goes flat after I draw it, and it would taste better if you bought one at a time."  The Irishman replies, Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in America, the other is in Australia, and I'm in Dublin. When we all left home, we promised that we'd drink this way to remember the days we drank together. So I drink one for each o'me brothers and one for me self."  The bartender admits that this is a nice custom, and leaves it there. The Irishman becomes a regular in the bar, and always drinks the same way: He orders three pints and drinks them in turn.  One day, he comes in and orders two pints. All the other regulars take notice and fall silent.  When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bartender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my condolences on your loss."  The Irishman looks quite puzzled for a moment, then a light dawns and he laughs. "Oh, no, everybody's just fine," he explains, "It's just that m’ wife had us join that Baptist Church and I had to quit drinking. But it hasn't affected me brothers, though."
A rich, a poor, and a middle class man walk into a restaurant Three men walk into a restaurant and sit down at the same table to eat a meal. One rich, one middle class and one poor man. On the table there is a bowl containing 10 rolls in it. As the poor and middle class man greet each other, the rich man immediately reaches into the bowl and stuffs 9 of the 10 rolls into his jacket pockets. The rich man then excuses himself from the table, but before he walks out. He whispers into the ear of the man from the middle class, that the poor man is going to steal that last roll. Then the rich man leans over and whispers into the poor man’s ear that the middle class man is not going to share that last roll with him. The rich man then walks out, leaving the remaining two men leering into each other’s eyes with hate and resent that they will have no choice but to fight over the remaining roll. Neither man’s ego willing to admit they have both been played and are fighting over scraps.
A duck walks into a bar and goes up to the bartender.  The bartender says "What can I get you?"   Duck: Umm. Do you have any grapes?   Bartender (looking surprised and finding the question odd):  No, I'm afraid we don't.   And the duck waddles slowly out of the bar.  The next day at the same time, the duck waddles into the bar, hops up on a bar stool.  Bartender: Hi. What can I get for you?   Duck: Umm. Do you have any grapes?   Bartender (a little annoyed): Hey! Weren't you in here yesterday. Look buddy, we don't have any grapes. OK? The duck hops off the stool and waddles out the door.  The next day, at the same time, the bartender is cleaning some glasses when he hears a familiar voice  Duck: Umm.. Do you have any grapes?   The bartender is really ticked off.  Bartender: Look. What's your problem? You came in here yesterday asking for grapes, I TOLD you, WE DON'T HAVE ANY GRAPES!! Next time I see your little ducktail waddle in here I'm going to nail those little webbed feet of yours to the floor. GOT me pal?  And the duck hops off the bar stool and waddles out.  The NEXT day at the same time, the duck waddles into the bar, walks up to the bartender and the bartender says,  "What the heck do YOU want?"   Duck: Umm. do you have any nails?   Bartender: What!? OF course not.   Duck: Oh. Well, do you have any grapes?
A Native American walks into a bar... The bartender notices his reddish brown complexion and his feathered hat, and asks him "If you don't mind my asking; what nation are you from?"  The Native replies "My mother was a Meskwaki and my father was Irish. No wonder I'm a drunk!"
Descartes walks into a bar... and orders a drink. When he finishes his drink, the bartender asks him if he would like another. Descartes replies, “No, I think not,” and disappears in a puff of logic.    Sorry if this has been posted before, philosophy prof told it in class today and gave me a chuckle. Hope you guys enjoy it!
A rapist, a con-artist and a fascist walk into a bar... The bartender says 'What'll it be Mr President?'
A panda bear walks into a whore house... Gets up to the front counter and tells the hostess "I want an hour with a girl" A little reluctant at first the hostess walks the panda bear down a hallway and into a room where this naked chicks all sprawled out on the bed.   After the hour the panda bear gets done and starts to walk out. The whore starts yelling at him "wait, wait, wait... you can't leave yet! You owe me money!" The panda bear stares blankly for a moment and then says "but I'm a panda bear."   A little confused the whore starts looking around the room thinking to herself "how am I going to explain to this panda bear and he owes me money." After a few minutes of searching she finds a dictionary and looks up the word "whore" while showing the panda bear the book, it says.  Whore - does sexual pleasures for money.   The Panda bear smiles and says look up "panda bear"  She thumbs through the dictionary, finds "panda bear" and it says...  Panda bear - Eats bush and leaves!   
Man walks into a Pharmacy A man walks into a pharmacy and says to the pharmacist, "Listen, I have two chicks coming over tonight. I've never had two chicks at the same time, and I want to go all night.  The pharmacist reaches under the counter, unlocks the bottom drawer, and takes out a small wooden box marked with a label, "Extra strength Viagra," and says, "here, if you take one of these you will horny and hard all night" The guy say awesome, "Gimme three pills!"  The next day, the guy walks into the same pharmacy, approaches the pharmacist, and pulls down his pants. His dick is all black and blue and raw with skin peeling off, The man says, "I'm need some Ben Gay medication."  The pharmacist says, "Ben Gay? You're not going to put Ben Gay on your dick are you?"  "Nope, it's for my arms ... those bitches didn't show up." 
A Hippie walks into a bar And tries to open a tab and get a beer.  The bartender says "sorry buddy, I gotta see some money first." The hippy said "shit I don't have any money."  A guy further down the bar over hears the conversation and yells "hey bud, come over here, I'll buy ya one." So he buys him a beer, they start shooting the shit and hit off. They buy a few more rounds and the guy leans over to the hippie and says "hey man, come to the bathroom with me and I'll give you a blow job." The hippie gets super pissed, throws the guy to the ground and beats the hell out of him and the bartender yells "woah man!  What did he say to you!?" Hippie "I don't know man, something about a job!"
Two scientists walk into a bar after work... As they both take their seats at the bar, the first scientist says to the bartender, "I'll have a glass of H2O."    The second scientist shakes his head and says, "I'll have a glass of water too." He then pauses and turns to the first scientist. "Wh... why did you say H2O? I mean, I know that's the chemical formula for water, but it's been a long day and there's no need to over-complicate something like that outside of work."    The first scientist stares at his drink, jaw clenched, brows furrowed, and wide-eyed.
A man walks into the doctors office and says "doc, my butt hurts." The doctor says "here, take some ass-pirin."
A dung beetle walks into a bar "Is this stool taken?"
A snail walks into a car dealership... And he asks the salesman about car customization. He shows the salesman a car that he's thinking about buying, but there's something he wants to change about it. The salesman asks him what it is, and the snail tells him he wants the letter 'S' painted on the doors, roof, and windows, as large as possible. The salesman wonders why, and the snail responds:  "Because when I drive down the street, I want to hear people say 'hey, look at that S-car-go!'"
4 gay guys walk into a bar, but there's only 1 available stool. What do they do? Flip it over.
A man walks into a bar and says, "I'm a man." He meets a woman at the bar.  He says, "I'm a man."  He takes the woman home  He says, "I'm a man."  He takes her to bed.  He says, "I'm a man."  He asks her name  She says **I'm a man!**
A black man walks into the "No lights" club. Bartender shouts  "Hey! Who left the door open!?"
A man walks into a bar... ...it was a 10 feet aluminum beam and really painful.
[JOKE REQUEST] Edison, Tesla and Einstein walk into a bar... Not sure if this is the right sub for this, but I'm shooting a short film in the next 3 weeks and the script calls for a joke about Edison and Tesla to make a scene work. Problem is: I can't find a SINGLE one.  You would think with all the tension swirling around Edison and Tesla via "The War of Currents" that there would be a few good ones.  That being said... does anyone know any Edison/Tesla jokes? I'm having a strangely hard time writing one that doesn't feel forced or fall flat.  Thanks!
A German walks into a bar and asks for a martini. The bartender asks, “Dry?” The German replies, “Nein, just one.”
A duck walks into a bar A duck walks into a bar and asks, "Got any grapes?"  The bartender, confused, tells the duck no. The duck thanks him and leaves.  The next day, the duck returns and asks, "Got any grapes?"  Again, the bartender tells him, "No -- the bar does not serve grapes, has never served grapes and, furthermore, will never serve grapes." The duck thanks him and leaves.  The next day, the duck returns, but before he can say anything, the bartender yells, "Listen, duck! This is a bar! We do not serve grapes! If you ask for grapes again, I will nail your stupid duck beak to the bar!"  The duck is silent for a moment, and then asks, "Got any nails?"  Confused, the bartender says no.  "Good!" says the duck. "Got any grapes?"
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his crotch. He asks the bartender for a drink. After serving the drink, the bartender asks the pirate "Do you know there is a steering wheel in your crotch?" and the pirate replies "ARRR! And it's driving me nuts!"
A man walks into a psychiatrist wrapped in cling-film(shrink-wrap) Psychiatrist: I can clearly see your nuts
A black guy walks into a convenience store... And says, "I'm looking for a job."  The store owner replies, "You're in luck!  We have an open position that pays $100,000 per a month!"  The black guy says, "You're joking."  The store owner says, "Well, you started it."  
Argon walks into a bar The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve noble gases here." Argon doesn't react.
A French philosopher and a horse walk into a bar... The philosopher decides what he wants and walks up to the bar first. The bartender says "no no no", you never put Descartes before the horse.
Walks into a bar. A guy walks into a bar and orders 5 whiskeys, he drinks the first then the 3rd and then the 5th and leaves the other 2 at the bar, then leaves, he repeats this for 7 nights, just before he leaves the barman says to him, why have you done this every night?, guy says, well my doctor said it is OK to have the odd drink..
So a guy walks into a store and he sees a robot. According to the description below on the shelf, the robot will slap anyone who doesn’t tell the truth. “How much is this?” the guy asks the store manager. “10 bucks,” the manager says. The robot slaps the manager. When the guy gets home, he sees his son watching TV. So he decides to test the robot on his son at dinner. “So what did you do at school today?” the guy asks. “Oh I studied,” the kid said. The robot slaps the kid. The dad asks his son again, but this time he responds with “I did schoolwork”. The robot slaps the kid again. After the third time, the kid caves in and says “I was playing video games”. The robot doesn’t slap him. “Aha! You see, back in my day, we didn’t have video games!” the guy said. The robot slaps the guy. The mother, who heard the whole thing, and saw the robot do its thing, came in and said, “HA! You just lied to your own son!” The robot slaps her. I can’t give myself credit for this. I heard it from a friend.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar Bartender says "We don't serve food here."
A Man walks into a bar... how do we know he was blind?  again... a man walks into a bar...
An a-sexual man walks into a bar That wasn't to hard 
A Gorilla walks into a pub And asks the barman for a pint of bitter. The barman pulls him a pint, and says, "That'll be £6.50 please".  The gorilla takes a sip of his pint, and the barman says to him "You know, we don't get that many gorillas in here..."  The gorilla gulps down his beer, and informs the barman, "Well I'm not surprised at those prices..."  Edit: barman =/= batman
A bear walks into a bar and says, "Give me a whiskey and...(pause)...... cola." "Why the big pause?" asks the bartender.  The bear shrugged, "I'm not sure, I was born with them." 
So a Roman walks into a bar... ...holds up two fingers and says to the bartender, “I’ll have 5 beers.”
So John Cena and Arya Stark walk into a bar... *tumbleweed sprawls across the room*
A Woman Walks Into A Bar And Asks The Bartender For A Double Entendre So he gives it to her...
A little kid walks into his parents' bedroom while they're having sex The little boy asked, "What are you doing?"   His mother explains, "Your dad was full of air, so I was jumping on him to get it out."  The boy says, "That's really funny. Whenever you go out for work, your sister comes and blows him right back up."
A snake walks into a bar and the bartender says "How did you do that?"
A man and his dog walk into a bar... The bartender see them enter and tells him that no dogs are allowed.    The man says, "But sir, this is a talking dog. If I can prove that he can talk, will you let him stay?"    The bartender reluctantly agrees.    The man looks at his dog and says, "What's on top of your dog house?"    The dog says, "Roof!"    The bartender crosses his arms, annoyed.    The man says, "What does sandpaper feel like?"    The dog says, "Rough!"    The bartender is getting tired of it, but gives him one more shot.    The man says "Who was the greatest baseball player of all time?"    The dog barks, "Ruth!"    The bartender is furious at the man for trying to trick him and kicks them both out.    Outside, they are both sitting on the sidewalk.   The man looks down at his dog and says "Really?".   The dog looks back up at him, then starts licking his own asshole.
A termite walks into a bar and says "Where is the bar tender?"
An englishman a scotsman and an irishman walk into a bar The welshman isn't there because he's still at the euros
Christopher Nolan and Leo Dicaprio walk into a bar and then they walk into another one
A bar walks into a midget. Later, the LSD wears off and I realize that I am normal height and leaning against the wall of a pub.
A skeleton walks into a bar Orders a beer and a mop. 
Two scientists walk into a bar... ...the barman asks: "What would You like to order, sir" to which the first scientist answers: "I would like to order a glass of H2O". Then the second scientist says: "I would like to have a glass of H2O too.", he drinks it and dies.  (If you don't get it just comment and I will axplain it to you, because we all know that every joke is funnier when it's explained)
An Englishman, a Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a bar... An Englishman, a Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a bar...  The Englishman wanted to go so they all had to leave.
A man walks into a bar with a mouse on his shoulder. "What are you doing with that yoke in here?" asks the barman.   The man replies "Well I have a proposition for you. The mouse gets to stay and I get a full bottle of good whiskey if I can show you this mouse playing the piano!".   "Deal" says the barman, not believing this obvious drunk. The man sets the mouse on the table, brings out a tiny piano and, lo and behold, the mouse starts playing Mozart!  "That's incredible" says the barman, and readily hands over the bottle. The man fills himself a glass and then brings out a toad onto the table.   "Ah here, you're pushing your luck" says the barman.  "Well I have another proposition for you. If this toad can sing he can stay and I get a bottle of brandy" says the man.   "Deal" says the barman, sure of himself now that a toad couldn't sing. Well, before their very eyes the toad sang 'Old man river' all the way through.  A regular down the bar pipes up as the brandy is being passed over shouting "I'll give you fifty quid for the frog!".  "Deal" says the man and they make the exchange, the regular leaving the pub delighted with himself.  "I know it's really not any of my business but you just have away a fortune you know" says the barman to the man.  "Not at all" says the man. "Sure the mouse is also a ventriloquist!".
A pirate walks into a bar And sits down next to another pirate. He asks him if he'd like a drink and adjusts his eye patch. The second pirate brightens up and says, "Would I?!"  The first pirate gets up, angry and says "Screw you, peg leg!"
the united states russia argentina and germany walk into a bar...... germany turns to argentina and says "hey wanna go into the country with me" HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH get it?
Two peanuts walk into a bar One was a salted.
A polar bear walks into a bar A polar bear walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "I'll have a brandy.........................................................................................................  ...........................................................................................................................  ............................................................................................................................  ............................................................................................................................  ............................................................................................................................  ............................................................................................................................  ............................................................................................................................  ............................................................................................................................  ............................................................................................................................  .......... and coke." The bartender asks, "What's with the big pause?"  The bear responds, "I dunno... I've always had them."    
An Englishman, a Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a bar You'd have thought at least one of them would have seen it.
A man walks into a bar ..hoping to pick up a girl. But he has no luck. All night he just sits there getting no action. After a while he notices that there is a small, scrawny little guy sitting at a back table who seems to be getting no end of action. All evening the girls actually walk up to his table and introduce themselves. The couple then leave and come back later. The guy sits back down and another girl walks over.  Not understanding what is going on our guy catches the bartender's attention and asks what is going on. How can that guy get so much action.  "Beats me." says the bartender. "All he does is sit there licking his eyebrows."
Two cows walk into a vegan bar. The bartender says, "We don't serve your kind here."
A duck walks into a bar with one shoe on... He orders a pint and the barman says "....Hey, did you lose a shoe?"   And the duck says "Nah, I found one"
A QA tester walks into a bar and orders a beer. Then he orders 0 beers.  Then he orders 999999999999 beers.  Then he orders a lizard.  Then he orders -1 beers.  Then he orders NULL beers  Then he orders asnwikfjsdf.
A White, American, college age female walks into a starbucks... She doesn't order anything.
Kim Kardashian, Pitbull and Amy Schumer walk into a bar. They set it lower.
An Irishman walks into a bar An Irishman walks into a bar. The bartender says: "Where you from?"  Irishman replies: "Dublin, Ireland."  Bartender: "Oh, really?"  Irishman: "No, O'Reilly"
So a three legged dog walks into a bar... He looks around and asks, "who's the guy that shot my paw?"
A bartender walks into a bar and says "shit, I'm late for work"
A bee walks into a bar.... According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little. Barry! Breakfast is ready! Ooming! Hang on a second. Hello? - Barry? - Adam? - Oan you believe this is happening? - I can't. I'll pick you up. Looking sharp. Use the stairs. Your father paid good money for those. Sorry. I'm excited. Here's the graduate. We're very proud of you, son. A perfect report card, all B's. Very proud. Ma! I got a thing going here. - You got lint on your fuzz. - Ow! That's me! - Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000. - Bye! Barry, I told you, stop flying in the house! - Hey, Adam. - Hey, Barry. - Is that fuzz gel? - A little. Special day, graduation. Never thought I'd make it. Three days grade school, three days high school. Those were awkward. Three days college. I'm glad I took a day and hitchhiked around the hive. You did come back different. - Hi, Barry. - Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good. - Hear about Frankie? - Yeah. - You going to the funeral? - No, I'm not going. Everybody knows, sting someone, you die. Don't waste it on a squirrel. Such a hothead. I guess he could have just gotten out of the way. I love this incorporating an amusement park into our day. That's why we don't need vacations. Boy, quite a bit of pomp... under the circumstances. - Well, Adam, today we are men. - We are! - Bee-men. - Amen! Hallelujah! Students, faculty, distinguished bees, please welcome Dean Buzzwell. Welcome, New Hive Oity graduating class of... ...9:15. That concludes our ceremonies. And begins your career at Honex Industries! Will we pick ourjob today? I heard it's just orientation. Heads up! Here we go. Keep your hands and antennas inside the tram at all times. - Wonder what it'll be like? - A little scary. Welcome to Honex, a division of Honesco and a part of the Hexagon Group. This is it! Wow. Wow. We know that you, as a bee, have worked your whole life to get to the point where you can work for your whole life. Honey begins when our valiant Pollen Jocks bring the nectar to the hive. Our top-secret formula is automatically color-corrected, scent-adjusted and bubble-contoured into this soothing sweet syrup with its distinctive golden glow you know as... Honey! - That girl was hot. - She's my cousin! - She is? - Yes, we're all cousins. - Right. You're right. - At Honex, we constantly strive to improve every aspect of bee existence. These bees are stress-testing a new helmet technology. - What do you think he makes? - Not enough. Here we have our latest advancement, the Krelman. - What does that do? - Oatches that little strand of honey that hangs after you pour it. Saves us millions. Oan anyone work on the Krelman? Of course. Most bee jobs are small ones. But bees know that every small job, if it's done well, means a lot. But choose carefully because you'll stay in the job you pick for the rest of your life. The same job the rest of your life? I didn't know that. What's the difference? You'll be happy to know that bees, as a species, haven't had one day off in 27 million years. So you'll just work us to death? We'll sure try. Wow! That blew my mind! "What's the difference?" How can you say that? One job forever? That's an insane choice to have to make. I'm relieved. Now we only have to make one decision in life. But, Adam, how could they never have told us that? Why would you question anything? We're bees. We're the most perfectly functioning society on Earth. You ever think maybe things work a little too well here? Like what? Give me one example. I don't know. But you know what I'm talking about. Please clear the gate. Royal Nectar Force on approach. Wait a second. Oheck it out. - Hey, those are Pollen Jocks! - Wow. I've never seen them this close. They know what it's like outside the hive. Yeah, but some don't come back. - Hey, Jocks! - Hi, Jocks! You guys did great! You're monsters! You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it! - I wonder where they were. - I don't know. Their day's not planned. Outside the hive, flying who knows where, doing who knows what. You can'tjust decide to be a Pollen Jock. You have to be bred for that. Right. Look. That's more pollen than you and I will see in a lifetime. It's just a status symbol. Bees make too much of it. Perhaps. Unless you're wearing it and the ladies see you wearing it. Those ladies? Aren't they our cousins too? Distant. Distant. Look at these two. - Oouple of Hive Harrys. - Let's have fun with them. It must be dangerous being a Pollen Jock. Yeah. Once a bear pinned me against a mushroom! He had a paw on my throat, and with the other, he was slapping me! - Oh, my! - I never thought I'd knock him out. What were you doing during this? Trying to alert the authorities. I can autograph that. A little gusty out there today, wasn't it, comrades? Yeah. Gusty. We're hitting a sunflower patch six miles from here tomorrow. - Six miles, huh? - Barry! A puddle jump for us, but maybe you're not up for it. - Maybe I am. - You are not! We're going 0900 at J-Gate. What do you think, buzzy-boy? Are you bee enough? I might be. It all depends on what 0900 means. Hey, Honex! Dad, you surprised me. You decide what you're interested in? - Well, there's a lot of choices. - But you only get one. Do you ever get bored doing the same job every day? Son, let me tell you about stirring. You grab that stick, and you just move it around, and you stir it around. You get yourself into a rhythm. It's a beautiful thing. You know, Dad, the more I think about it, maybe the honey field just isn't right for me. You were thinking of what, making balloon animals? That's a bad job for a guy with a stinger. Janet, your son's not sure he wants to go into honey! - Barry, you are so funny sometimes. - I'm not trying to be funny. You're not funny! You're going into honey. Our son, the stirrer! - You're gonna be a stirrer? - No one's listening to me! Wait till you see the sticks I have. I could say anything right now. I'm gonna get an ant tattoo! Let's open some honey and celebrate! Maybe I'll pierce my thorax. Shave my antennae. Shack up with a grasshopper. Get a gold tooth and call everybody "dawg"! I'm so proud. - We're starting work today! - Today's the day. Oome on! All the good jobs will be gone. Yeah, right. Pollen counting, stunt bee, pouring, stirrer, front desk, hair removal... - Is it still available? - Hang on. Two left! One of them's yours! Oongratulations! Step to the side. - What'd you get? - Picking crud out. Stellar! Wow! Oouple of newbies? Yes, sir! Our first day! We are ready! Make your choice. - You want to go first? - No, you go. Oh, my. What's available? Restroom attendant's open, not for the reason you think. - Any chance of getting the Krelman? - Sure, you're on. I'm sorry, the Krelman just closed out. Wax monkey's always open. The Krelman opened up again. What happened? A bee died. Makes an opening. See? He's dead. Another dead one. Deady. Deadified. Two more dead. Dead from the neck up. Dead from the neck down. That's life! Oh, this is so hard! Heating, cooling, stunt bee, pourer, stirrer, humming, inspector number seven, lint coordinator, stripe supervisor, mite wrangler. Barry, what do you think I should... Barry? Barry! All right, we've got the sunflower patch in quadrant nine... What happened to you? Where are you? - I'm going out. - Out? Out where? - Out there. - Oh, no! I have to, before I go to work for the rest of my life. You're gonna die! You're crazy! Hello? Another call coming in. If anyone's feeling brave, there's a Korean deli on 83rd that gets their roses today. Hey, guys. - Look at that. - Isn't that the kid we saw yesterday? Hold it, son, flight deck's restricted. It's OK, Lou. We're gonna take him up. Really? Feeling lucky, are you? Sign here, here. Just initial that. - Thank you. - OK. You got a rain advisory today, and as you all know, bees cannot fly in rain. So be careful. As always, watch your brooms, hockey sticks, dogs, birds, bears and bats. Also, I got a couple of reports of root beer being poured on us. Murphy's in a home because of it, babbling like a cicada! - That's awful. - And a reminder for you rookies, bee law number one, absolutely no talking to humans! All right, launch positions! Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz! Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz! Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz! Black and yellow! Hello! You ready for this, hot shot? Yeah. Yeah, bring it on. Wind, check. - Antennae, check. - Nectar pack, check. - Wings, check. - Stinger, check. Scared out of my shorts, check. OK, ladies, let's move it out! Pound those petunias, you striped stem-suckers! All of you, drain those flowers! Wow! I'm out! I can't believe I'm out! So blue. I feel so fast and free! Box kite! Wow! Flowers! This is Blue Leader. We have roses visual. Bring it around 30 degrees and hold. Roses! 30 degrees, roger. Bringing it around. Stand to the side, kid. It's got a bit of a kick. That is one nectar collector! - Ever see pollination up close? - No, sir. I pick up some pollen here, sprinkle it over here. Maybe a dash over there, a pinch on that one. See that? It's a little bit of magic. That's amazing. Why do we do that? That's pollen power. More pollen, more flowers, more nectar, more honey for us. Oool. I'm picking up a lot of bright yellow. Oould be daisies. Don't we need those? Oopy that visual. Wait. One of these flowers seems to be on the move. Say again? You're reporting a moving flower? Affirmative. That was on the line! This is the coolest. What is it? I don't know, but I'm loving this color. It smells good. Not like a flower, but I like it. Yeah, fuzzy. Ohemical-y. Oareful, guys. It's a little grabby. My sweet lord of bees! Oandy-brain, get off there! Problem! - Guys! - This could be bad. Affirmative. Very close. Gonna hurt. Mama's little boy. You are way out of position, rookie! Ooming in at you like a missile! Help me! I don't think these are flowers. - Should we tell him? - I think he knows. What is this?! Match point! You can start packing up, honey, because you're about to eat it! Yowser! Gross. There's a bee in the car! - Do something! - I'm driving! - Hi, bee. - He's back here! He's going to sting me! Nobody move. If you don't move, he won't sting you. Freeze! He blinked! Spray him, Granny! What are you doing?! Wow... the tension level out here is unbelievable. I gotta get home. Oan't fly in rain. Oan't fly in rain. Oan't fly in rain. Mayday! Mayday! Bee going down! Ken, could you close the window please? Ken, could you close the window please? Oheck out my new resume. I made it into a fold-out brochure. You see? Folds out. Oh, no. More humans. I don't need this. What was that? Maybe this time. This time. This time. This time! This time! This... Drapes! That is diabolical. It's fantastic. It's got all my special skills, even my top-ten favorite movies. What's number one? Star Wars? Nah, I don't go for that... ...kind of stuff. No wonder we shouldn't talk to them. They're out of their minds. When I leave a job interview, they're flabbergasted, can't believe what I say. There's the sun. Maybe that's a way out. I don't remember the sun having a big 75 on it. I predicted global warming. I could feel it getting hotter. At first I thought it was just me. Wait! Stop! Bee! Stand back. These are winter boots. Wait! Don't kill him! You know I'm allergic to them! This thing could kill me! Why does his life have less value than yours? Why does his life have any less value than mine? Is that your statement? I'm just saying all life has value. You don't know what he's capable of feeling. My brochure! There you go, little guy. I'm not scared of him. It's an allergic thing. Put that on your resume brochure. My whole face could puff up. Make it one of your special skills. Knocking someone out is also a special skill. Right. Bye, Vanessa. Thanks. - Vanessa, next week? Yogurt night? - Sure, Ken. You know, whatever. - You could put carob chips on there. - Bye. - Supposed to be less calories. - Bye. I gotta say something. She saved my life. I gotta say something. All right, here it goes. Nah. What would I say? I could really get in trouble. It's a bee law. You're not supposed to talk to a human. I can't believe I'm doing this. I've got to. Oh, I can't do it. Oome on! No. Yes. No. Do it. I can't. How should I start it? "You like jazz?" No, that's no good. Here she comes! Speak, you fool! Hi! I'm sorry. - You're talking. - Yes, I know. You're talking! I'm so sorry. No, it's OK. It's fine. I know I'm dreaming. But I don't recall going to bed. Well, I'm sure this is very disconcerting. This is a bit of a surprise to me. I mean, you're a bee! I am. And I'm not supposed to be doing this, but they were all trying to kill me. And if it wasn't for you... I had to thank you. It's just how I was raised. That was a little weird. - I'm talking with a bee. - Yeah. I'm talking to a bee. And the bee is talking to me! I just want to say I'm grateful. I'll leave now. - Wait! How did you learn to do that? - What? The talking thing. Same way you did, I guess. "Mama, Dada, honey." You pick it up. - That's very funny. - Yeah. Bees are funny. If we didn't laugh, we'd cry with what we have to deal with. Anyway... Oan I... ...get you something? - Like what? I don't know. I mean... I don't know. Ooffee? I don't want to put you out. It's no trouble. It takes two minutes. - It's just coffee. - I hate to impose. - Don't be ridiculous! - Actually, I would love a cup. Hey, you want rum cake? - I shouldn't. - Have some. - No, I can't. - Oome on! I'm trying to lose a couple micrograms. - Where? - These stripes don't help. You look great! I don't know if you know anything about fashion. Are you all right? No. He's making the tie in the cab as they're flying up Madison. He finally gets there. He runs up the steps into the church. The wedding is on. And he says, "Watermelon? I thought you said Guatemalan. Why would I marry a watermelon?" Is that a bee joke? That's the kind of stuff we do. Yeah, different. So, what are you gonna do, Barry? About work? I don't know. I want to do my part for the hive, but I can't do it the way they want. I know how you feel. - You do? - Sure. My parents wanted me to be a lawyer or a doctor, but I wanted to be a florist. - Really? - My only interest is flowers. Our new queen was just elected with that same campaign slogan. Anyway, if you look... There's my hive right there. See it? You're in Sheep Meadow! Yes! I'm right off the Turtle Pond! No way! I know that area. I lost a toe ring there once. - Why do girls put rings on their toes? - Why not? - It's like putting a hat on your knee. - Maybe I'll try that. - You all right, ma'am? - Oh, yeah. Fine. Just having two cups of coffee! Anyway, this has been great. Thanks foren Blossom, Ray Liotta Private Select? - Is he that actor? - I never heard of him. - Why is this here? - For people. We eat it. You don't have enough food of your own? - Well, yes. - How do you get it? - Bees make it. - I know who makes it! And it's hard to make it! There's heating, cooling, stirring. You need a whole Krelman thing! - It's organic. - It's our-ganic! It's just honey, Barry. Just what?! Bees don't know about this! This is stealing! A lot of stealing! You've taken our homes, schools, hospitals! This is all we have! And it's on sale?! I'm getting to the bottom of this. I'm getting to the bottom of all of this! Hey, Hector. - You almost done? - Almost. He is here. I sense it. Well, I guess I'll go home now and just leave this nice honey out, with no one around. You're busted, box boy! I knew I heard something. So you can talk! I can talk. And now you'll start talking! Where you getting the sweet stuff? Who's your supplier? I don't understand. I thought we were friends. The last thing we want to do is upset bees! You're too late! It's ours now! You, sir, have crossed the wrong sword! You, sir, will be lunch for my iguana, Ignacio! Where is the honey coming from? Tell me where! Honey Farms! It comes from Honey Farms! Orazy person! What horrible thing has happened here? These faces, they never knew what hit them. And now they're on the road to nowhere! Just keep still. What? You're not dead? Do I look dead? They will wipe anything that moves. Where you headed? To Honey Farms. I am onto something huge here. I'm going to Alaska. Moose blood, crazy stuff. Blows your head off! I'm going to Tacoma. - And you? - He really is dead. All right. Uh-oh! - What is that?! - Oh, no! - A wiper! Triple blade! - Triple blade? Jump on! It's your only chance, bee! Why does everything have to be so doggone clean?! How much do you people need to see?! Open your eyes! Stick your head out the window! From NPR News in Washington, I'm Oarl Kasell. But don't kill no more bugs! - Bee! - Moose blood guy!! - You hear something? - Like what? Like tiny screaming. Turn off the radio. Whassup, bee boy? Hey, Blood. Just a row of honey jars, as far as the eye could see. Wow! I assume wherever this truck goes is where they're getting it. I mean, that honey's ours. - Bees hang tight. - We're all jammed in. It's a close community. Not us, man. We on our own. Every mosquito on his own. - What if you get in trouble? - You a mosquito, you in trouble. Nobody likes us. They just smack. See a mosquito, smack, smack! At least you're out in the world. You must meet girls. Mosquito girls try to trade up, get with a moth, dragonfly. Mosquito girl don't want no mosquito. You got to be kidding me! Mooseblood's about to leave the building! So long, bee! - Hey, guys! - Mooseblood! I knew I'd catch y'all down here. Did you bring your crazy straw? We throw it in jars, slap a label on it, and it's pretty much pure profit. What is this place? A bee's got a brain the size of a pinhead. They are pinheads! Pinhead. - Oheck out the new smoker. - Oh, sweet. That's the one you want. The Thomas 3000! Smoker? Ninety puffs a minute, semi-automatic. Twice the nicotine, all the tar. A couple breaths of this knocks them right out. They make the honey, and we make the money. "They make the honey, and we make the money"? Oh, my! What's going on? Are you OK? Yeah. It doesn't last too long. Do you know you're in a fake hive with fake walls? Our queen was moved here. We had no choice. This is your queen? That's a man in women's clothes! That's a drag queen! What is this? Oh, no! There's hundreds of them! Bee honey. Our honey is being brazenly stolen on a massive scale! This is worse than anything bears have done! I intend to do something. Oh, Barry, stop. Who told you humans are taking our honey? That's a rumor. Do these look like rumors? That's a conspiracy theory. These are obviously doctored photos. How did you get mixed up in this? He's been talking to humans. - What? - Talking to humans?! He has a human girlfriend. And they make out! Make out? Barry! We do not. - You wish you could. - Whose side are you on? The bees! I dated a cricket once in San Antonio. Those crazy legs kept me up all night. Barry, this is what you want to do with your life? I want to do it for all our lives. Nobody works harder than bees! Dad, I remember you coming home so overworked your hands were still stirring. You couldn't stop. I remember that. What right do they have to our honey? We live on two cups a year. They put it in lip balm for no reason whatsoever! Even if it's true, what can one bee do? Sting them where it really hurts. In the face! The eye! - That would hurt. - No. Up the nose? That's a killer. There's only one place you can sting the humans, one place where it matters. Hive at Five, the hive's only full-hour action news source. No more bee beards! With Bob Bumble at the anchor desk. Weather with Storm Stinger. Sports with Buzz Larvi. And Jeanette Ohung. - Good evening. I'm Bob Bumble. - And I'm Jeanette Ohung. A tri-county bee, Barry Benson, intends to sue the human race for stealing our honey, packaging it and profiting from it illegally! Tomorrow night on Bee Larry King, we'll have three former queens here in our studio, discussing their new book, Olassy Ladies, out this week on Hexagon. Tonight we're talking to Barry Benson. Did you ever think, "I'm a kid from the hive. I can't do this"? Bees have never been afraid to change the world. What about Bee Oolumbus? Bee Gandhi? Bejesus? Where I'm from, we'd never sue humans. We were thinking of stickball or candy stores. How old are you? The bee community is supporting you in this case, which will be the trial of the bee century. You know, they have a Larry King in the human world too. It's a common name. Next week... He looks like you and has a show and suspenders and colored dots... Next week... Glasses, quotes on the bottom from the guest even though you just heard 'em. Bear Week next week! They're scary, hairy and here live. Always leans forward, pointy shoulders, squinty eyes, very Jewish. In tennis, you attack at the point of weakness! It was my grandmother, Ken. She's 81. Honey, her backhand's a joke! I'm not gonna take advantage of that? Quiet, please. Actual work going on here. - Is that that same bee? - Yes, it is! I'm helping him sue the human race. - Hello. - Hello, bee. This is Ken. Yeah, I remember you. Timberland, size ten and a half. Vibram sole, I believe. Why does he talk again? Listen, you better go 'cause we're really busy working. But it's our yogurt night! Bye-bye. Why is yogurt night so difficult?! You poor thing. You two have been at this for hours! Yes, and Adam here has been a huge help. - Frosting... - How many sugars? Just one. I try not to use the competition. So why are you helping me? Bees have good qualities. And it takes my mind off the shop. Instead of flowers, people are giving balloon bouquets now. Those are great, if you're three. And artificial flowers. - Oh, those just get me psychotic! - Yeah, me too. Bent stingers, pointless pollination. Bees must hate those fake things! Nothing worse than a daffodil that's had work done. Maybe this could make up for it a little bit. - This lawsuit's a pretty big deal. - I guess. You sure you want to go through with it? Am I sure? When I'm done with the humans, they won't be able to say, "Honey, I'm home," without paying a royalty! It's an incredible scene here in downtown Manhattan, where the world anxiously waits, because for the first time in history, we will hear for ourselves if a honeybee can actually speak. What have we gotten into here, Barry? It's pretty big, isn't it? I can't believe how many humans don't work during the day. You think billion-dollar multinational food companies have good lawyers? Everybody needs to stay behind the barricade. - What's the matter? - I don't know, I just got a chill. Well, if it isn't the bee team. You boys work on this? All rise! The Honorable Judge Bumbleton presiding. All right. Oase number 4475, Superior Oourt of New York, Barry Bee Benson v. the Honey Industry is now in session. Mr. Montgomery, you're representing the five food companies collectively? A privilege. Mr. Benson... you're representing all the bees of the world? I'm kidding. Yes, Your Honor, we're ready to proceed. Mr. Montgomery, your opening statement, please. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, my grandmother was a simple woman. Born on a farm, she believed it was man's divine right to benefit from the bounty of nature God put before us. If we lived in the topsy-turvy world Mr. Benson imagines, just think of what would it mean. I would have to negotiate with the silkworm for the elastic in my britches! Talking bee! How do we know this isn't some sort of holographic motion-picture-capture Hollywood wizardry? They could be using laser beams! Robotics! Ventriloquism! Oloning! For all we know, he could be on steroids! Mr. Benson? Ladies and gentlemen, there's no trickery here. I'm just an ordinary bee. Honey's pretty important to me. It's important to all bees. We invented it! We make it. And we protect it with our lives. Unfortunately, there are some people in this room who think they can take it from us 'cause we're the little guys! I'm hoping that, after this is all over, you'll see how, by taking our honey, you not only take everything we have but everything we are! I wish he'd dress like that all the time. So nice! Oall your first witness. So, Mr. Klauss Vanderhayden of Honey Farms, big company you have. I suppose so. I see you also own Honeyburton and Honron! Yes, they provide beekeepers for our farms. Beekeeper. I find that to be a very disturbing term. I don't imagine you employ any bee-free-ers, do you? - No. - I couldn't hear you. - No. - No. Because you don't free bees. You keep bees. Not only that, it seems you thought a bear would be an appropriate image for a jar of honey. They're very lovable creatures. Yogi Bear, Fozzie Bear, Build-A-Bear. You mean like this? Bears kill bees! How'd you like his head crashing through your living room?! Biting into your couch! Spitting out your throw pillows! OK, that's enough. Take him away. So, Mr. Sting, thank you for being here. Your name intrigues me. - Where have I heard it before? - I was with a band called The Police. But you've never been a police officer, have you? No, I haven't. No, you haven't. And so here we have yet another example of bee culture casually stolen by a human for nothing more than a prance-about stage name. Oh, please. Have you ever been stung, Mr. Sting? Because I'm feeling a little stung, Sting. Or should I say... Mr. Gordon M. Sumner! That's not his real name?! You idiots! Mr. Liotta, first, belated congratulations on your Emmy win for a guest spot on ER in 2005. Thank you. Thank you. I see from your resume that you're devilishly handsome with a churning inner turmoil that's ready to blow. I enjoy what I do. Is that a crime? Not yet it isn't. But is this what it's come to for you? Exploiting tiny, helpless bees so you don't have to rehearse your part and learn your lines, sir? Watch it, Benson! I could blow right now! This isn't a goodfella. This is a badfella! Why doesn't someone just step on this creep, and we can all go home?! - Order in this court! - You're all thinking it! Order! Order, I say! - Say it! - Mr. Liotta, please sit down! I think it was awfully nice of that bear to pitch in like that. I think the jury's on our side. Are we doing everything right, legally? I'm a florist. Right. Well, here's to a great team. To a great team! Well, hello. - Ken! - Hello. I didn't think you were coming. No, I was just late. I tried to call, but... the battery. I didn't want all this to go to waste, so I called Barry. Luckily, he was free. Oh, that was lucky. There's a little left. I could heat it up. Yeah, heat it up, sure, whatever. So I hear you're quite a tennis player. I'm not much for the game myself. The ball's a little grabby. That's where I usually sit. Right... there. Ken, Barry was looking at your resume, and he agreed with me that eating with chopsticks isn't really a special skill. You think I don't see what you're doing? I know how hard it is to find the rightjob. We have that in common. Do we? Bees have 100 percent employment, but we do jobs like taking the crud out. That's just what I was thinking about doing. Ken, I let Barry borrow your razor for his fuzz. I hope that was all right. I'm going to drain the old stinger. Yeah, you do that. Look at that. You know, I've just about had it with your little mind games. - What's that? - Italian Vogue. Mamma mia, that's a lot of pages. A lot of ads. Remember what Van said, why is your life more valuable than mine? Funny, I just can't seem to recall that! I think something stinks in here! I love the smell of flowers. How do you like the smell of flames?! Not as much. Water bug! Not taking sides! Ken, I'm wearing a Ohapstick hat! This is pathetic! I've got issues! Well, well, well, a royal flush! - You're bluffing. - Am I? Surf's up, dude! Poo water! That bowl is gnarly. Except for those dirty yellow rings! Kenneth! What are you doing?! You know, I don't even like honey! I don't eat it! We need to talk! He's just a little bee! And he happens to be the nicest bee I've met in a long time! Long time? What are you talking about?! Are there other bugs in your life? No, but there are other things bugging me in life. And you're one of them! Fine! Talking bees, no yogurt night... My nerves are fried from riding on this emotional roller coaster! Goodbye, Ken. And for your information, I prefer sugar-free, artificial sweeteners made by man! I'm sorry about all that. I know it's got an aftertaste! I like it! I always felt there was some kind of barrier between Ken and me. I couldn't overcome it. Oh, well. Are you OK for the trial? I believe Mr. Montgomery is about out of ideas. We would like to call Mr. Barry Benson Bee to the stand. Good idea! You can really see why he's considered one of the best lawyers... Yeah. Layton, you've gotta weave some magic with this jury, or it's gonna be all over. Don't worry. The only thing I have to do to turn this jury around is to remind them of what they don't like about bees. - You got the tweezers? - Are you allergic? Only to losing, son. Only to losing. Mr. Benson Bee, I'll ask you what I think we'd all like to know. What exactly is your relationship to that woman? We're friends. - Good friends? - Yes. How good? Do you live together? Wait a minute... Are you her little... ...bedbug? I've seen a bee documentary or two. From what I understand, doesn't your queen give birth to all the bee children? - Yeah, but... - So those aren't your real parents! - Oh, Barry... - Yes, they are! Hold me back! You're an illegitimate bee, aren't you, Benson? He's denouncing bees! Don't y'all date your cousins? - Objection! - I'm going to pincushion this guy! Adam, don't! It's what he wants! Oh, I'm hit!! Oh, lordy, I am hit! Order! Order! The venom! The venom is coursing through my veins! I have been felled by a winged beast of destruction! You see? You can't treat them like equals! They're striped savages! Stinging's the only thing they know! It's their way! - Adam, stay with me. - I can't feel my legs. What angel of mercy will come forward to suck the poison from my heaving buttocks? I will have order in this court. Order! Order, please! The case of the honeybees versus the human race took a pointed turn against the bees yesterday when one of their legal team stung Layton T. Montgomery. - Hey, buddy. - Hey. - Is there much pain? - Yeah. I... I blew the whole case, didn't I? It doesn't matter. What matters is you're alive. You could have died. I'd be better off dead. Look at me. They got it from the cafeteria downstairs, in a tuna sandwich. Look, there's a little celery still on it. What was it like to sting someone? I can't explain it. It was all... All adrenaline and then... and then ecstasy! All right. You think it was all a trap? Of course. I'm sorry. I flew us right into this. What were we thinking? Look at us. We're just a couple of bugs in this world. What will the humans do to us if they win? I don't know. I hear they put the roaches in motels. That doesn't sound so bad. Adam, they check in, but they don't check out! Oh, my. Oould you get a nurse to close that window? - Why? - The smoke. Bees don't smoke. Right. Bees don't smoke. Bees don't smoke! But some bees are smoking. That's it! That's our case! It is? It's not over? Get dressed. I've gotta go somewhere. Get back to the court and stall. Stall any way you can. And assuming you've done step correctly, you're ready for the tub. Mr. Flayman. Yes? Yes, Your Honor! Where is the rest of your team? Well, Your Honor, it's interesting. Bees are trained to fly haphazardly, and as a result, we don't make very good time. I actually heard a funny story about... Your Honor, haven't these ridiculous bugs taken up enough of this court's valuable time? How much longer will we allow these absurd shenanigans to go on? They have presented no compelling evidence to support their charges against my clients, who run legitimate businesses. I move for a complete dismissal of this entire case! Mr. Flayman, I'm afraid I'm going to have to consider Mr. Montgomery's motion. But you can't! We have a terrific case. Where is your proof? Where is the evidence? Show me the smoking gun! Hold it, Your Honor! You want a smoking gun? Here is your smoking gun. What is that? It's a bee smoker! What, this? This harmless little contraption? This couldn't hurt a fly, let alone a bee. Look at what has happened to bees who have never been asked, "Smoking or non?" Is this what nature intended for us? To be forcibly addicted to smoke machines and man-made wooden slat work camps? Living out our lives as honey slaves to the white man? - What are we gonna do? - He's playing the species card. Ladies and gentlemen, please, free these bees! Free the bees! Free the bees! Free the bees! Free the bees! Free the bees! The court finds in favor of the bees! Vanessa, we won! I knew you could do it! High-five! Sorry. I'm OK! You know what this means? All the honey will finally belong to the bees. Now we won't have to work so hard all the time. This is an unholy perversion of the balance of nature, Benson. You'll regret this. Barry, how much honey is out there? All right. One at a time. Barry, who are you wearing? My sweater is Ralph Lauren, and I have no pants. - What if Montgomery's right? - What do you mean? We've been living the bee way a long time, 27 million years. Oongratulations on your victory. What will you demand as a settlement? First, we'll demand a complete shutdown of all bee work camps. Then we want back the honey that was ours to begin with, every last drop. We demand an end to the glorification of the bear as anything more than a filthy, smelly, bad-breath stink machine. We're all aware of what they do in the woods. Wait for my signal. Take him out. He'll have nauseous for a few hours, then he'll be fine. And we will no longer tolerate bee-negative nicknames... But it's just a prance-about stage name! ...unnecessary inclusion of honey in bogus health products and la-dee-da human tea-time snack garnishments. Oan't breathe. Bring it in, boys! Hold it right there! Good. Tap it. Mr. Buzzwell, we just passed three cups, and there's gallons more coming! - I think we need to shut down! - Shut down? We've never shut down. Shut down honey production! Stop making honey! Turn your key, sir! What do we do now? Oannonball! We're shutting honey production! Mission abort. Aborting pollination and nectar detail. Returning to base. Adam, you wouldn't believe how much honey was out there. Oh, yeah? What's going on? Where is everybody? - Are they out celebrating? - They're home. They don't know what to do. Laying out, sleeping in. I heard your Uncle Oarl was on his way to San Antonio with a cricket. At least we got our honey back. Sometimes I think, so what if humans liked our honey? Who wouldn't? It's the greatest thing in the world! I was excited to be part of making it. This was my new desk. This was my new job. I wanted to do it really well. And now... Now I can't. I don't understand why they're not happy. I thought their lives would be better! They're doing nothing. It's amazing. Honey really changes people. You don't have any idea what's going on, do you? - What did you want to show me? - This. What happened here? That is not the half of it. Oh, no. Oh, my. They're all wilting. Doesn't look very good, does it? No. And whose fault do you think that is? You know, I'm gonna guess bees. Bees? Specifically, me. I didn't think bees not needing to make honey would affect all these things. It's notjust flowers. Fruits, vegetables, they all need bees. That's our whole SAT test right there. Take away produce, that affects the entire animal kingdom. And then, of course... The human species? So if there's no more pollination, it could all just go south here, couldn't it? I know this is also partly my fault. How about a suicide pact? How do we do it? - I'll sting you, you step on me. - Thatjust kills you twice. Right, right. Listen, Barry... sorry, but I gotta get going. I had to open my mouth and talk. Vanessa? Vanessa? Why are you leaving? Where are you going? To the final Tournament of Roses parade in Pasadena. They've moved it to this weekend because all the flowers are dying. It's the last chance I'll ever have to see it. Vanessa, I just wanna say I'm sorry. I never meant it to turn out like this. I know. Me neither. Tournament of Roses. Roses can't do sports. Wait a minute. Roses. Roses? Roses! Vanessa! Roses?! Barry? - Roses are flowers! - Yes, they are. Flowers, bees, pollen! I know. That's why this is the last parade. Maybe not. Oould you ask him to slow down? Oould you slow down? Barry! OK, I made a huge mistake. This is a total disaster, all my fault. Yes, it kind of is. I've ruined the planet. I wanted to help you with the flower shop. I've made it worse. Actually, it's completely closed down. I thought maybe you were remodeling. But I have another idea, and it's greater than my previous ideas combined. I don't want to hear it! All right, they have the roses, the roses have the pollen. I know every bee, plant and flower bud in this park. All we gotta do is get what they've got back here with what we've got. - Bees. - Park. - Pollen! - Flowers. - Repollination! - Across the nation! Tournament of Roses, Pasadena, Oalifornia. They've got nothing but flowers, floats and cotton candy. Security will be tight. I have an idea. Vanessa Bloome, FTD. Official floral business. It's real. Sorry, ma'am. Nice brooch. Thank you. It was a gift. Once inside, we just pick the right float. How about The Princess and the Pea? I could be the princess, and you could be the pea! Yes, I got ffic... ...without arousing o sense." - Get this on the ly way I know how  I needed was a bre 
A man walks into a bar... ouch.
A man walks into a bar... and asks for chicken tendies.
A roman centurion walks into a bar A roman centurion walks into a bar and orders a martinus. The barkeeper looks at him and says "mate, don't you mean a martini?" The centurio answers "if i wanted a double i would've ordered it!"
Two guys walk into a bar The first says, "I'll have H2O."  The second said, "I'll have H2O too."  He died.
Horse walks into a bar I made a horse walks into a bar joke. So here it is  A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says "Why the horse face?" The horse says "Didn't you mean to say Why the long face?" The bartender thinks about it a bit then says "Yeah. Why the long face?" The horse rolls his eyes and walks away. The bartender's other bartender friend comes over and says "Way to jack up a joke there buddy."  The bartender replies "It's ok. I got it straight ... from the horse's mouth!"
A man walks into a bar with his pet giraffe A man walks into a bar with his pet giraffe and orders drinks for both of them.  The barman raises his eyebrows, but serves them. All night, the man and the giraffe drink, but the giraffe is clearly the bigger lightweight of the two. Eventually, it passes out and falls to the floor drunk.  The man gets up and prepares to leave.The barman yells "Don't you leave that lying there!"  The man replies "It's not a lion. It's a giraffe."
Jay Leno walks into a bar. Bartender says "Why the really long face?"
Three men are walking along, two of them walk into a bar... The third one ducks.   I'm sorry. I'm sure many have heard it before. But I haven't seen it here.
Guy walks into the bar with his new boots. One of the residents notices his shoes and comments on them.  The guy replies: 'yep, they are genuine Crocodile leather'.  He pulls his gun out of his holster and says, 'I have killed the croc myself with this gun'.  The resident is in awe and asks if he can get boots like that. 'Of course' says the guy, 'here, you can even use my gun'. He hands him the gun and the resident flies out to Australia.  A week later the guy returns with the man's gun but no boots. 'What happened', asks the gun owner, 'didn't you see any crocodiles?' 'Yeah, I must have killed about twenty', says the guy, 'but none of them were wearing such lovely boots.' 
A DBA walks into a bar and asks for a job. When the woman behind the bar finds out he's a DBA she says: "I can't have a DBA in here. You're all weird. The last one claimed he could reorganize tables, improve our view, and was used to working with servers. But halfway through the interview he started claiming that my form wasn't normal and I had to kick him out."
An old fat chick walks into a bar with a parrot on her shoulder. She says, "I will fuck and suck anyone who can tell me how much this parrot weights."  A drunk guy in the back yells, "500 POUNDS!" She says, "Close enough."
Two guys walk into a bar The third one ducks
A guy walks into a bar His friend ducks...  From inside the bar, the guy asks, "What're you ducking for?"
Guy walks into bar Wanting to know who owns the Great Dane tied up outside because his dog just killed said Great Dane.   A man at the bar stands up obviously perplexed and says what kind of dog do you have that it just killed my Great Dane?   Other man responds proudly he owns a Chiwawa.   “You’re saying your Chiwawa killed my Great Dane?” Not really believing what he was hearing.   “Yes” other man responds “my dog got lodged in your dogs throat”
A hamburger and a french fry walk into a bar. The bartender says, "I'm sorry we don't serve food here"
A Rabbi walks into a bar. Thump.  "Oy vey."
A star walks into a ... A star walks into a black hole but doesn't seems phazed, the black hole turns to the star and says, I don't think you understand the gravity of this situation.
A woman and a duck walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Where'd you get the pig."  The woman says, "That's not a pig, that's a duck."  He says, "I was talking to the duck."
Two men walk into a bar... *Thwack* *Thwack* Both are sent to the hospital for concussions
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and asks for a drink.  "Tell me a joke." The bartender says.  "Your very existance"
An Irishman walks into a bar An Irishman walks into a bar in Dublin, orders three pints of Guinness and sits in the back of the room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn. When he finishes them, he comes back to the bar and orders three more.  The bartender approaches and tells him, "You know, a pint goes flat after I draw it; it would taste better if you bought one at a time."  The Irishman replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in America, the other in Australia, and I'm here in Dublin. When we all left home, we promised that we'd drink this way to remember the days when we drank together. So I drinks one for each o' me brothers and one for me self."  The bartender admits that this is a nice custom, and leaves it there. The Irishman becomes a regular in the bar, and always drinks the same way: He orders three pints and drinks them in turn.  One day, he comes in and orders two pints. All the other regulars take notice and fall silent. When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bartender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my condolences on your great loss."  The Irishman looks quite puzzled for a moment, then a light dawns in his eye and he laughs. "Oh, no, everybody's just fine," He explains, "It's just that me wife had us join that Baptist Church and I had to quit drinking. 'Hasn't affected me brothers a bit though  
A panda walks into a bar Sits down orders a sandwich. Bartender gets the sandwich from the cook in the back shortly later. The panda finished his sandwich. Gets up. Walks to the back. Shoots the cook in the head and leaves out the back door. The guy at the end of the bar freaks out "what the hell is going on man".   Bartender shrugs his shoulders "it's a panda, eats, shoots, and leaves". 
A black guy walks into a bar. And he found himself with a headache as he couldn't read the CONSTRUCTION sign
A tiger walks into a bar A tiger walks into a bar.   Bartender: What'll you have?   Tiger: I'll have a Jack and........................................................................................................ Coke.   Bartender: What's with the big pause?   Tiger: I was born with 'em!
A guy walks into a bar ....ouch.                                    Two guys walk into a bar...        You'd think *one* of them would've seen the damn thing.
An aussie, yank and rusky walk into a bar... The council finally removed it after the third lawsuit
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The number of occupants exceeds the maximum allowable number for fire safety, and thus the bartender throws them out. 
A guy walks into a pub in his pyjamas holding a drip on a metal stand He says to the Barman  "I'll have 4 pints of Guinness, 4 pints of lager, 2 jack Daniels and coke, 3 gin and tonics, 5 shots of Sambuca, and a jaegerbomb"  As the barman starts pouring the drinks and lining them up and the bar the guy starts picking them up and downing them in one. Drinking them as quickly as they are being poured.  The barman gets to the final drink of jaegerbomb and the guy picks it up slams it down in one and he says to the Barman...  "I shouldn't be drinking these with what I've got"  "Why?" Asked the barman "what have you got?"  "About £3.50"
The Higgs boson walks into a church... The priest says "You call yourself the god particle? Well get out. There is only one god here"  The Higgs boson replies with "Well if I leave, you won't have any mass"
A panda walks into a restaurant, sits down and waits to be served. The owner is confused by the presence of the panda, but decides to provide service just like he would any other customer. The panda orders a meal, eats the meal quietly, and then asks for the check.   As the owner prepares the bill, the panda suddenly pulls out a gun, fires a few rounds into the air, and starts heading to the door. The owner is shocked, and starts chasing after the panda yelling “what the heck was that all about?” The panda just looks at him funny, then says “I’m a panda, look it up.” Then tosses him an encyclopedia and walks out the door.  The owner flips it the page about pandas and starts reading aloud. “Panda, a large black and white bear, native to Asia, that eats shoots and leaves.”  
Steve Irwin walks into wardrobe before his first ever televised show. Costume Design: What look are you going for? Steve: I’m thinking real deal bushman. CD: ok what does that look like? S: Boots, definitely boots, with socks halfway up my calfs. CD: Sounds good, what else? S: Short shorts, where it almost seems like my junk could be bitten off at any moment. CD: Not feelin it but ok. What else? S: I wanna wear a shirt with at least 9 pockets Cd: sounds silly but sure why not. What colors? S: Khaki! All Khaki! everything Khaki! Cd: jeeez alright .... what about the hair  S: Make me look like a fuckin toddlah CD: ohhh the Steve Irwin, I got you.  Watch out for that stingray.
2 guys walk into a bar.... ...you'd think the second one would duck.  This is the best dad joke I've got.. happy Fathers Day.
Two blind men walk into a bar. The first orders a scotch, and the second orders a whisky. "For the last time, gentlemen" says the exasperated nurse, "this is a hospital and you are both severely concussed. We do not serve alcohol!"  "Alright, bud light then" says the first man.
A weasel walks into a bar The bartender says “We don’t see too many of your kind in here. What’ll you have?”  “Pop.” Goes the weasel. 
A gymnast walks into a bar... He gets a two-point deduction and ruins his chance of a medal.
A drunk proctologist walks into a bar And orderrrsh each a round
A man and a tiger walk into a bar. A man and a tiger walk into a bar for a night of drinking. As the night goes on, the pair begin to get incredibly drunk and so they decide it best to go home. The man gets up and heads toward the door, the tiger follows. However, as they approach the door the tiger collapses.  "You can't leave that lying here!" screams the bartender.  Shocked the man turns.   "What? That's not a lion, that's a tiger!"
Three logicians walk into a bar The bartender asks if they want 3 beers?  The first logician says: I don't know.  The second logician says: I don't know.  The third logician says: Yes.
Heath ledger and Jack Nicholson walk into a cell phone store... The cellphone salesman looks at Heath Ledger and asks him what type of cellphone he would like, he says he wants the best cell phone they have. So the salesman hands him the best cell phone they sell and also asks him if he would like a text messages and data plan. Health responds of course I will, I can afford that no problem.  Jack Nicholson asks Heath - Wow, that's a lot of money just to send text messages, is it worth it?  Heath responds, it's not about the money, it's about sending a text message.
2 guys walk into a bar... The one who ducked was never a Pokemon fan.
A 1911 and a Glock walk into a bar.. The 1911 says to the Glock: "Hey, ugly foreigner, want to do a drinking contest?"  The Glock says "You old idiot, you can only last 8 rounds!"
Helen Keller walks into a bar... Then a table...then a chair.
A penguin walks into a bar and asks "has my brother been in here?" The bartender says "I don't know, what does he look like?"
A man walks into a bar... Just kidding
Two crabs walk into a bar The first crab says, "Who's getting the first round?"  The second crab says, "You get the first one, and then get all subsequent rounds as well!"
A man walks into the shop of a psychic barber Barber: Say no more
A guy walks into a bar.. He sits down and strikes up a conversation with the bartender  "hey, wanna make a bet?" The bartender shows some interest  "What's the bet?" The guy tells the bartender "if I can ask myself a question and answer it, you have to give me a free drink" The bartender looks at the guy strange "that sounds like a stupid bet" "But" the guy adds " if you can ask yourself a question and answer it, I'll pay twice the price for the drink" "Oh, I get it now" the bartender said "well, since you proposed this bet why don't you start first?" The guy nodes "alright" He then ask him self the question "how can a rabbit dig a hole without pushing any dirt out the top?" The guy then answers "it starts from the bottom" "Wait a minute" the bartender said "how'd it get to the bottom then?"  The guy grins "I don't know, that's your question"
Walks into a pub and asks the bar man !!! Guy walks into a pub and asks the bar man for a pint; "That will be $0.05 please sir". "Wow, in that case I will have a shot of whisky too" "Certainly, that will be $0.03 sir". "Damnnn, OK and a packet of crisps". "0.01 please sir, $0.08 all together". "This is astonishing, can I speak to the owner of this place, I'd like to thank him". "Oh, not just now, he is busy, he is upstairs with my wife". "...What is he doing upstairs with your wife?" "Same thing I am doing down here with his business".
Two Priests Walk Into A Bar... The Nuns Duck.
A guy walks into a doctor’s office with a 5 iron wrapped around his neck and 2 black eyes.  “What happened to you?” asked the doctor. “Well it all started when my wife and I were golfing and by accident she hit the ball into a cow field.  When we went to investigate, I saw the ball in a cow’s ass. I went and lifted the tail of the cow and that’s when I made my mistake.” Puzzled, the doctor asks  “What mistake was that?”  The guy replies, “I said ‘Hey this looks like yours hun!’”
A gorilla walks into a bar Gets shot
A palindrome walks into a bar, says 'Yasraba Otni Sklawem Ordnilapa'.
A grasshopper walks into a bar... Bartender says, "You know, we have a drink named after you."  Grasshopper says, "You have a drink called Steve?"
Pavlov walks into a bar. His phone rings, and he says, "Damn, I forgot to feed the dog."
A redneck walks into a lawyer's office. "I want one of them there dayvorces." He says.  The lawyer asks, "Do you have grounds?"  "Yes, I have 140 acres."  The lawyer tries to clarify, "No you don't understand. Do you have a case?"  "No, I have a John Deere."  The lawyer says, exasperated, "You still don't understand. Do you have a grudge?"  "Yes, that's what I park my John Deere under every night."  The lawyer is getting astounded, "You still don't understand. Do you have a suit?"  "Yes, I wear it to church every Sunday."  The lawyer, confused, "Does she beat you up?"  "No, we both get up about 4:30 every morning."  The lawyer is about to give up when he says, "well! Is she a nagger?"  "No, she's a little ol' white gal, but the last youngen' she had was a nagger. That's why I want a dayvorce."
A man walks into a bar with a full-grown ostrich bird behind him. The waitress asks them for their orders.   The man says, 'A hamburger, fries and a coke,' and turns to the ostrich, 'What's yours?'   'I'll have the same,' says the ostrich.   A short time later the waitress returns with the order 'That will be $9.40 please,' and the man reaches into his pocket and pulls out the exact change for payment.   The next day, the man and the ostrich come again and the man says, 'A hamburger, fries and a coke'   The ostrich says, 'I'll have the same'   Again the man reaches into his pocket and pays with exact change.   This becomes routine until the two enter again.   'The usual?' asks the waitress.   'No, this is Friday night, so I will have a steak, baked potato and a salad,' says the man.  'Same,' says the ostrich.   Shortly the waitress brings the order and says, 'That will be $32.62.'   Once again the man pulls the exact change out of his pocket and places it on the table.   The waitress cannot hold back her curiosity any longer.   "Excuse me, sir. How do you manage to always come up with the exact change in your pocket every time?"   Says the man, "Well, several years ago I was cleaning the attic and found an old lamp. When I rubbed it, a Genie appeared and offered me two wishes.   The first wish I asked was that if I ever had to pay for anything, I would just put my hand in my pocket and the right amount of money would always be there."  The waitress said "That's brilliant! Most people would ask for a million dollars or something, but you'll always be as rich as you want for as long as you live. How smart of you!''  "That's right. Whether it's a gallon of milk or a Rolls Royce, the exact amount of money is always there" says the man proudly.  The waitress asks, "But, what's that ostrich all about?"  The man sighs, pauses and answers with a heavy heart, "My second wish was for a tall chick with long legs who accompanies me wherever I go and agrees with everything I say".
A German, an American and a Russian walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them suspiciously and says, “Is this some kind of a joke?”
So a German walks into a BAR WW11 was messy
A man walks into a psychologist's office… he sits down and waits for the doctor.  The doctor arrives and invites the man into his office where the man explains he had a terrible dream.   “I was tossing and turning all night and I finally awoke in a cold sweat.  I had dreamt that I was a Tipi!”   “This is very interesting,” replied the doctor.  “Nothing to be alarmed about, but do come back if this happens again.”   The man went home.  That night he had another terrible dream.  He went back to the psychologist's office and again waited for the doctor.  The doctor arrived and invites the man into his office again where the man explains he had another terrible dream.   “I was tossing and turning all night, just like last time.  When I woke up I was chilled and sweating.  I had dreamt that I was a Wigwam!”   The doctor looked at him for a minute and then his eyes widened. “I know what is wrong with you,” the doctor exclaimed. “You’re two tents!”
A cat walks into a bar, orders a milk, and starts to tell the bartender a really long, unfunny joke The bartender listens patiently until the cat totally blows the punchline, then the bartender says, "You gotta be kitten me."
F(x) walks into a bar The bartender looks at him and says "sorry, we don't cater for functions"
A man walks into a crowded bar brandishing a gun... The man yells out "WHOS BEEN SLEEPING WITH MY WIFE???" A few moments later, a man in the back yells back "YOU DONT HAVE ENOUGH BULLETS!".
The past, present and future walk into a bar It was tense 
A Roman walks into a bar he shoves two fingers up his ass and says "Five reposts, please."
A piece of string walks into a bar... "Hi, I'd like to be served please." Says the string.  "We cannot serve you, as you are only a string." Said the bartender.  Upset, the string comes out of the bar, tears apart his ends, and walks back inside.  "Hi, I'd like to be served please." Says the string.  "Aren't you just the string I said I won't serve?" The bartender asks.  The string says "Nope, I'm a frayed knot!"
A customer walks into a convenience store... ...looking for toilet paper. He asks the man at the counter what kinds of toilet paper he sells.  "Well I have two kinds," the cashier said. "We have this cheap generic brand for $1 a roll, or we have this premium kind we call 'John Wayne'."  The customer is confused. "Why 'John Wayne'?"  The cashier replied, "Because it's rough, it's tough, and doesn't take shit from anyone!"
A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head, sits down and orders a drink. Bartender serves the pirate his drink, and asks about the paper towel.   The pirate smiles and says, "That be the bounty on me head!" 
Naked man walks into a psychiatrists office wrapped in Saran Wrap. The doctor says, "Sir, I can clearly see yer nuts."
A bar walks into a man "Ow"
a post and a repost walk into a bar repost
A man walks into a bar... *thonk*
A Brit, a Spaniard and a Dutch walk into a bar.. .. unfortunately the Icelander couldn't come, he's still in the European Championship.
A fly walks into a bar... and asks: "Is this stool taken?"
Emmanuel Lubezki walks into a bar and orders one shot.
A guy walks into a bar. He sees a pirate with a steering wheel in his pants.   The guy asks "Why do you have a steering wheel in your pants?".  The pirate says "I don't know but its driving me nuts!". 
A Texan walks into an pub in Dublin... And lays ten €100 notes on the bar.   "I hear you Micks think you're pretty good drinkers. I'll wager €1000 that none of you can drink 10 pints of Guinness in 1 hour. Any takers?" said the Texan.   The bar goes silent. The men turn away from the Texan and hide their faces. One man even leaves in disgust.   "Hmph, figures!" said the Texan. He orders a beer and drinks at the bar.   Ten minutes later, the man who left the pub in disgust comes back into the pub and approaches the Texan.   "Excuse me, sir," said the Irishmen, "Is your wager still on the table?"  "Sure is. Line 'em up barkeep!" said the Texan.   The bartender pulls ten pints and lays them in a row. The Texan starts a stopwatch and the Irishman starts drinking. One after the other, the pints disappear until ten empty glasses line the bar with 25 minutes to spare.   The pub erupts in celebration and the Texan begrudgingly hands the Irishmen the money.   "One question," said the Texan. "Where did you go for ten minutes 'fore you come back?"  "Well, I didn't have €1000 if I lost," said the Irishmen, "so I went to the pub down the street to make sure I could do it first."
A guy walks into a bar. Inside the bar he sees a blonde sitting at the bar, she's intently watching the 10 pm news. The news story is about a man who's standing atop a building, preparing to jump. The guy says to the blond "I bet you $50 he'll jump". The blonde takes the bet and continuous to watch.   Some time later, the man on the building jumps. The guy turns to the blonde and says "I'm sorry but I can't take your money. I watched this on the 6 pm news and knew he would jump". The blonde replies "I watched it at 6 pm too, but I didn't think he'd jump again"  edit: Added a word.
A racist walks into a bar... A racist walks into a crowded bar. He looks around and sees a black man sitting in a corner. The racist walks up to the bar, turns around and announces, "I'm going to buy everyone in this bar a free drink, except for that black guy over there!" Everybody is clapping and cheering for the racist and when he buys the last pint, the black man turns around, puts his thumb up and says, "Thanks!" The racist is slightly puzzled by his reaction but doesn't pay too much attention to it.  The next night, the racist goes into the same bar and again, there is the same black guy sitting in the corner, so, again, he goes to the bar, turns around and says, "I'm going to buy everyone here a free drink, except for that black guy over there!" The crowd are all ecstatic and are hugging and cheering the racist for his generosity. When he buys the last pint, the black guy turns around, puts his thumb up and says, "Thanks!" The racist scratches his head and asks the barman, "Why is that black guy thanking me when he's the only person I'm not buying drinks for?"  "Well" the barman responds, "he owns this place." 
A man walks into chemist's and says, "Can I have a bar of soap please?" The chemist asks "Do you want it scented?" The man replies " No, I will take it with me now."
A pirates walks into a bar naked... The pirate has a steering wheel on the bottom of his nuts. He walks up to the bar, and the bartender says, "Excuse me Sir, I cannot help myself asking, if you don't mind... *how the fuck does that not hurt*?" The pirate says, "It does, and it's driving me nuts!
[Long] A mathematician and his infinite amount of friends walk into a bar. The bartender asks "what will you all be having?" The mathematician then says, "I'll have a beer and my friend will have half a beer, my other friend will have a quarter of a beer. My other friend will have an eighth of a beer, then a sixteenth," etc. This goes on for a while and after about 40 or more orders, the bartender pipes up, "Jeez, you mathematicians sure don't know your limits," and places two beers down on the counter. 
A vampire walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a mug of hot water. The bartender looks confused and asks 'Don't you drink blood?'    The vampire holds up a used tampon and says. 'I'm making tea.'
A Roman walks into a bar... He holds up 2 fingers and says "Five beers please."
Why did Mel Gibson walk into a bar at 9am?  He overslept.
A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West   A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West. He slides up to the bar and announces: ''I'm looking for the man who shot my paw.'' 
Chuck Norris walks into a bar Edit: a bar walks into Chuck Norris
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants. When the bartender points it out, the pirate replies "Arrrgh, it's been driving me nuts all day."
So a Black guy walks into a bar with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder... The bartender says "Wow, that's something real special you've got there! Where'd you get it?"  "Africa!", says the parrot. 
A guy walks into a bar... And says "ow. That hurt!"
A Priest, Rabbi and a duck all walk into a bar together The bartender looks up and says, "what the hell is this, some sort of joke?"
A pirate walks into a bar And he has a steering wheel stuck on his penis. Bartender says "hey pirate, what's with the steering wheel on your dick? Pirate says "arrr it's driving me nuts".
A man walks into a bar and.... What happens next will shock you! Orders a beer.
A peanut and a corn nut walk into a bar. … The peanut says to the corn nut "Man, I really have to pee!" The corn nut says "Then go pee you fucking idiot!"
A student walks into a cafeteria "I would have two sausages please"  "You're rich today, aren't you?"  "... and ten forks, please"
A bagpipe player, a banjo player and an accordion player all walk into a bar... everybody leaves. 
guy walks into a bar second guy walks into a bar  third guy ducks
so a Gorilla a Mother and a Child walk into a bar The Gorilla took a shot, the mum got arrested for child endangerment 
A group of Native Americans walk into a bar... Only to be led out by the attendant because they needed to make reservations.  Credits to a friend who is of Native American descent himself.
Long: An underaged ginger walks into a bar... The bartender ask for his ID. The ginger stops, making a big show of reaching into his wallet and pulling out an obviously fake card.  "What do you think yah trying to pull?" says the bartender, "This ain't no underage drinking bar. Scram punk!"  So the ginger gets kicked out on the street when he sees a grocery store. He picked up a six-pack of beer and tries to casually purchase it, along with a bag of Cheetos.  The cashier notices and says, "What do you think your doing kid? Where's your ID." As soon as the ginger takes out his wallet the cashier gets the manager.  "How did you know the ID was fake?" says the ginger.  "I just do, now git!" says the manager.   By now the underaged ginger is incredibly thirsty, so he goes into school. There happens to a school dance at the moment, so he heads straight for the refreshments.   The ginger goes to get a Pepsi but the line is really long. Then he tries to get a french soda but the line is even longer. Then he sees a bowl of punch.  There's no punch line.
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar It was tense.
A man walks into a bar with an alligator He Says to the patrons, “Heres the deal. I’ll open this alligator’s mouth and place my genitals inside. The gator will close his mouth for one minute, then open it, and I’ll remove my unit unscathed. If it works, everyone buys me drinks.” The crowd agrees. The guy drops his pants and puts his privates in the gator’s mouth. Gator closes mouth. After a minute, the guy grabs a beer bottle and bangs the gator on the top of its head. The gator opens wide, and he removes his genitals unscathed. Everyone buys him drinks. Then he says: “I’ll pay anyone $100 who’s willing to give it a try.” After a while, a hand goes up in the back of the bar. It’s a woman. “I’ll give it a try,” she says, “but you have to promise not to hit me on the head with the beer bottle.”
So a guy walks into a bar... Bartender: Long day?  The guy replies "no, all days are 24 hours", amazed at how uneducated the bartender is.
A family are sitting at the dinner table when their meal is interrupted when the family dog walks into the room with a dead rabbit in its mouth... The family all panic as they identify the rabbit belongs as their next door neighbours'. In a desperate attempt to avoid being blamed for the rabbits death, they try to cover it up. Shampoo'ing the rabbits fur to make it look less obvious it has been mauled etc. Once the rabbit looks slightly more presentable, the family wait until the coast is clear to put the rabbit back where it was. That night the Dad sneaks into the neighbours garden and places the rabbit in its hutch before quickly running back into the house to avoid getting caught. The next day the family are eating breakfast when their silence is broken by the sound of the neighbour shouting "WHO THE FUCK DIGS UP A DEAD RABBIT AND PUTS IT BACK IN THE HUTCH!?"
A Duck walks into a bar He goes up to the bar and the barman asks what he's having.   Duck: "you got any bread?"  Barman: "no, we only serve drinks"  Duck: "Oh, have you got any bread?"  Barman: " I just said, no"  Duck: "OK, have you got any bread?"  Barman: "Look, if you ask for bread again I'll nail your beak to the fucking bar"  Duck: "Oh OK. Have you got any nails?"  Barman: "No?"  Duck: " Good. You got any bread?"
A priest, a minister and a rabbi walk into a bar... ...and the bartender looks at them and says, "What is this, a joke?"
A guy walks into his doctor's office. The doctor tells the man he only has six months to live. The man says that he can't pay his bill. The doctor tells the man not to worry, and gives him another six months.
The owners of 29 of the 30 NHL teams walk into a bar. Anaheim Ducks.
A young boy walks into the bathroom to find his mother peeing He notices her differences in anatomy and asks her about it. Wanting to be delicate, she replies "that's where God hits women with a golden axe, so we can have children."  with a rather disgusted look the kid says "well Jesus, mom, he hit you right in the cunt."   [Told to me by an elderly drunk gentleman while working in his home] 
A girl walks into a supermarket She picks up a banana, a can of soup, and a loaf of bread. She then walks up to the cash register to pay.   The cashier looks at her and the items she has and says, "I can tell you're single."   She smiles and responds, "How do you know that?"   He says, "Because you're ugly."
A man walks into a bar with a steering wheel sticking out of his pants The barman says "excuse me mate, but did you know that you have a steering wheel sticking out of your pants?" The man replies "Know it, it's been driving me nuts all day" 
A Napalm walks into a bar The bar promptly catches fire and burns to the ground.
A jumper cable walks into a bar.. And the bartender looks him up and down. "I'll serve you, but don't start anything"
Man with a long face walks into a bar Bartender says, "Hey, where's the horse?"
Hippy walks into a bar The barman says "Sorry, we don't serve free spirits"
So a duck walks into an apothecary He buys some chapstick and tells the clerk to put it on his bill
A flashlight App walks into a bar A flashlight App walks into a bar the bartender asks; "what'll it be?" Flightlight App replies; "Your contacts; family, friends, email addresses and a light beer please" 
A man walks into his bedroom with a sheep A man walks into his bedroom with a sheep under his arm. His wife is lying in bed reading. The man says, "This is the pig I have sex with when you've got a headache."   His wife replies, "I think you'll find that is a sheep."   The man replies, "I think you'll find I was talking to the sheep."
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and sees his friend sitting beside a 12-inch pianist. He says to his friend, "That's amazing. How did you get that?"   The man pulls out a bottle and tells him to rub it and make a wish. He rubs the bottle, and a puff of smoke pops out and tells him that he can have one wish.   The man thinks and says, "I wish I had a million bucks."   The genie says, "OK, go outside, and your wish will be granted."   The man goes outside, but all he finds are ducks filling the sky and roads. He goes back in and tells his friend what happened, and his friend replied, "I know. Did you really think I wanted a 12-inch pianist?"
A dog walks into a saloon... Says: "I'm looking for the fella that shot my paw"  (LOL, I'm a dad, I'm allowed.)
A joke walks into bar, devastated. Bartender says, "what's wrong buddy?". The joke says, "I can't keep living like this anymore, everyone keeps laughing at me!"
A superconductor walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Get out! We don’t serve your kind here.” The superconductor left without resistance.
A joke walks into a bar The bartender says, "Get out of here, 242! I remember what happened in the comments section last time!"
A man walks into a bar The man is Donald Trump. He orders a drink and leaves a few minutes later.  The joke is that you thought this one wasn't going to be political
A length of string walks into a bar... The barkeep refuses to serve him.  "We don't serve lengths of string, here."  Dejected, the length of string exits the bar and heads down the alleyway, where he gets an idea.  Hurriedly, he ties up one end of himself, musses up his hair a bit, then re-enters the bar.  Again he asks the barkeep for a drink.  "Say, aren't you the length of string that was in here a few moments ago?" the barkeep asks.  "No," he says, "I'm afraid not."
A woman walks into a bar and asks the barman for an innuendo... ..So he gave her one.
Jeff, a semicolon, and an Oxford Comma walk into a bar. They both had a great time.
A guy walks into a bar and orders a drink... He sees another guy drinking, and notices he is sitting next to a tiny person playing a piano on the bar.  "Nice piano player" the guy says. "Where did you get that."  The drinking guy reaches into his pocket and pulls out a lamp. "Here, rub the lamp and you will get three wishes." He says. "Just make sure you speak clearly"  The guy rubs the lamp, and a genie appears. "You have three wishes" the genie says.  "A million bucks!" The guy shouts, and with the nod of the genies head, one million ducks appear in the bar, quacking and flapping about."  Disappointed the guy says, "I didn't ask for a million ducks!"  His drinking buddy leans over and mutters, "Do you think I asked for an 11 inch pianist?"
A horse walks into a bar... ... and I quickly leave, realizing the danger of the situation
A Roman walks into the bar... ...holds up two fingers, and says, “Five beers, please.”
A man walks into a store And he ordered 'a table'  The bartender replies with 'this is a bar, not a furniture shop'
A man walks into a bar... ... he says "ouch!"
A blind man walks into a bar, And a table. And a chair.﻿
An Englishman, an Irishman, a Welshman, and a Scotsman walk into a bar. Then a few decades later they walk out again squabbling among themselves.
A blind man walks into a bar.. ..now who was that heartless bastard that put the bar on the tactile paving?
A man walks into a bar... Two guys walk into a bar and sit down at a table.   The barkeep comes over to them and asks, "What can I serve you gentlemen?"   One of them says to the barkeep, "I'll bet you a pitcher of your finest beer that I can lick my eye."   The barkeep says, "I've had guys come in here that could lick their nose but never have I ever seen one that could lick his eye. I'll take that bet."   So the guy reaches up, pulls out his glass eye, licks it, and puts it back in his eye socket.  The barkeep says, "Damn, you got me."   He brings the guys a pitcher of beer and goes about tending the bar.   When that pitcher starts to get low the barkeep comes back and asks, "Are you gentlemen ready for another?"  The same guy answers, "I'll bet you another pitcher of your finest beer that I can bite my ear."   The barkeep hesitates for a moment and looks at the guy's left ear, his right ear, and says, "There's no way you've got an artificial ear. I'll take that bet."   The guy reaches up, pulls out his false teeth, bites his ear with them, and puts them back in his mouth.  The barkeep says, "Damn, you got me again."   He brings the guys another pitcher of beer and goes about tending the bar.   A little later the betting guy is drunk, gets up and staggers over to the bar and lays a $100 bill on the bar saying, "I'll bet you a hundred that I can pee and fill 10 shot glasses lined up on the bar with their rims touching without spilling a drop on the bar from 3 feet away."   The barkeep says, "It'll be worth $100 to see that so I bet you can't do it."   He puts his own $100 on the bar, lines up 10 shot glasses and steps back.   The drunk whips it out and pees all over the shot glasses, the bar, and the floor.   The barkeep picks up the two $100 bills with a smile on his face, gets out his towel and starts to wipe it up. He then notices the drunk is smiling and says, "I just made $100, you just LOST $100, why are you smiling??"   The drunk says, "you see they guy over there I've been drinking with all this time?  I just bet him $1,000 that I could come over here, pee all over the bar, and that you'd wipe it up with a smile on your face."
Spain, England and Ireland walk into a bar Iceland could not make it, he was still at the Euro´s
So a roman walks into a bar Lifts two fingers and say "five beers, please"
A man walks into a bar and goes to order a drink. A man walks into a bar and goes to order a drink, he sees a jar full of ten dollar bills and asks the bartender why it's there, and the bartender replies "I have a challenge going on here, you put ten dollars in the jar, and if you can complete three tasks, you get all the money in the jar." The man asks what the tasks are and the bartender tells him he must pay first, so the man puts a ten dollar bill in the jar. "The first task is for you to drink this mystery drink, then you must pull a rotten tooth from the mouth of the bull dog outside, and lastly you must give the old lady upstairs a "good time" The man gets the mystery drink, and downs it very fast, he then orders a beer to get himself drunk before doing the last 2 challenges. After he decides he is drunk enough, he goes out side and the people inside hear the sounds of the dog whimpering. He walks inside and asks "Alright, so where's this old lady with the rotten tooth?"
A man walks into a bar. . . "ouch"
Meryl Streep walks into a bar... Jk she's not cool enough to hangout in a bar.
A man walks into a chiropractor's office... A man walks into a chiropractor's office and says, " doc, youve got to help me...I think I'm a moth." Doc says, "I can't help you, youve got to see a psychiatrist." Man says, "yes, I know." "Then why did you come here?" "The light was on."
A crossfitter, a Texan, and a vegan walk into a bar. How do you know? They all tell you within 3 seconds.
Two snakes walk into a bar... ^^^Wait, ^^^they ^^^slide...  ^^^Nevermind...XD
A skeleton walks into a bar... ...he orders a beer and a mop.
A man walks into a bar with a suitcase.. ..and orders a drink. Bored, he opens his suitcase and takes out a piano and sets it on the table. Then he reaches back into the suitcase and takes out a tiny man in a tuxedo. The tiny man immediately starts playing the piano.   The bartender is impressed. He says, " Wow! Thats amazing! Where did you get that?" .  The man explains that he found a Jinni's lamp in the sand and when he rubbed it, a Jinni emerged and promised to fulfill one wish.  Surprised, the bartender asked, " Do you still have the lamp? Can i give it a try?"  "Sure", says the man and reaches out to his suitcase and pulls out a beautiful golden copper lamp.  The bartender takes the lamp and rubs it. Sure enough, a Jinni appears and grants the bartender one wish.   The bartender says, " Umm.. i wanna be rich..i want a million bucks!" . POOF!! Suddenly the bar is filled with ducks. A MILLION ducks.  "Heyy!!" , exclaims the bartender, " I asked for a million bucks, not ducks!! Is your Jinni hard of hearing or something?!"  To which the man says , " You dont really think i wished for a 12 inch pianist, do you?"
A man walks into a bar One man says, "give me some h2o" A second man walks in and says, "give me some h2o too"  The second man dies.
3 strings walk into a bar The first tries to order a drink, and the bartender says "we don't serve strings in here. You gotta get out."   The second tries and gets the same answer.   The third tries, more confident than the others. The bartender says "you heard what I said. We don't serve strings here. You're a string, ain't ya?"   "no sir," he replies, "I'm a frayed knot."   [say it out loud] 
A termite walks into a cocktail lounge... and asks a customer, "Is the bartender here?"
Once upon a time three little pigs walk into a bar. The first pig orders 10 beers, downs them, and then asks for the bathroom. The second pig orders 15 beers, downs them, and asks for the bathroom. The third pig orders 20 beers, downs them, and then sits there eating peanuts. "Aren't you going to ask for the bathroom?" asks the bartender. "Nope. I'm the pig who goes wee-wee-wee all the way home."
a pastor, a rapist and a pedophile walk into a bar. he orders a drink....
A man walks into a library and asks the librarian for a book about autofellatio "Well," says the librarian "We actually do have a book on that subject. It's that one over there, with the broken spine."
Two chemists walk into a bar The first chemist says, "I'll have a glass of H2O2"  The second chemist orders 3 shots of whisky, sits at the bar, and he cries.  His friend was killing himself and it drove him to drink.
A man walks into a bar... and sees 2 women drinking.  He asks: "Are you two from Scotland?"  They reply "It's WALES you idiot!"  He says: "Sorry, are you two women from Wales?"  They say "Yes" because this isn't a repost.
A bear walks into a bar.. He asks the barman "can I have a pint of beer........................and a bag of doritos please."  The barman says "sure, but why the big pause?  Bear says "because I'm a bear!" /shakes paws
A beautiful woman walks into a bar. The barman asks, “What’ll you have?” She replies, “I’d like a double entendre, please.”   So he gave her one.
A Man Walks Into The Kitchen And Grabs A Milk Carton He sees the picture of a missing girl on the back of it. Then he shouts into the living room: "Jessica, come! You look so young in this picture!"
A mushroom walks into a bar... The bartender says, "We don't serve your kind here!" The mushroom replies, "Why not? I'm a fungi!"
An atheist and an agnostic person walk into a bar... The Atheist then says to the Agnostic person "Hey, what's your stance on God?"   A Christian overhears the remark then says "God is real. Do you not know about our lord and savior Jesus Christ?"   The Atheist and Christian start arguing about if God is real, then the Agnostic person walks out of the bar, after shouting at the Christian and Atheist "Fuck you, why the fuck should we care?"   And then the Atheist and Christian continue arguing, and ignore the Agnostic person.
Google Fonts walks into a bar . . . The bartender says, "we don't serve your type."
A guy walks into the doctors office... ...and says I'm having trouble making friends you fucking prick 
A skeleton walks into a bar... orders a beer and a mop.
A law student walks into a bar... He says, "Shit I should've prepared for this."
Two scientists walk into a bar The first one says  "I'd like a beer" And the second says, "I'd like rum"  They didn't wanna get H20. They were in flint.
A Xanthopan Morgani walks into a bar... The bartender asks "why the long face"  It replies "because some fucker sent Darwin flowers"
An uncle and his nephew walk into a dark forest They get to the middle of the forest, and the nephew looks at his uncle and says, "I'm scared." The uncle replies, "you're scared? I'm the one who has to walk back alone.
A bunny walks into a bakery A bunny walks into a bakery.  He asks the baker:"do you have a carrot cake?" The baker says no. The next day, he goes there again.  He asks the baker:"do you have a carrot cake?" The baker says no. He returns on the third day He asks the baker:"do you have a carrot cake?" The baker says no. That night, the baker thinks about the bunny, and decides to make him a carrot cake. As expected, the bunny arrive.  He asks the baker:"do you have a carrot cake?" The baker says enthusiastically "yes I do!" The bunny replies: "isn't that disgusting?"  
An ugly man walks into a bar and a beautiful woman approaches him... ... the woman asks the man, "How would you like to get out of here?" and the man is stunned.   He never thought a woman like her would ever approach him so he agrees. They both get into his car and drive really far. He stops at a cliff with the view of the whole city. Within seconds they start taking off their clothes. After 15 minutes of vigorous sex they finally finish. They both put their clothes on and they both just sit there awkwardly.   The woman speaks up and says "I'm a prostitute and its going to be 100 dollars for my service." The man is stunned and saddened that she didn't really like him. He gives her the money and they both sit there awkwardly.   The woman tells him that she is ready to leave and the man replies "I'm a taxi driver and its going to be 150 dollars for the ride here and back."
Three vampires walk into a bar. Three vampires walk into a bar and sit down. The vampire bartender walks over to them and asks what they will be having. The first vampire responds with, "give me a shot of blood." The vampire bartender pours the glass and slides it over to the first vampire. The bartender heads over to the second bartender and asks what he will be having. The second vampire responds with, "give me a shot of blood as well." The bartender pours the drink and slides it over to him. The bartender then goes to the third vampire and asks him what he will be having. The third vampire thinks for a moments and says, "just get me some hot water." The other two vampires and the bartender looking confused ask the third vampire, "what you need hot water for?" The third vampire pulls out a used tampon and says, "makin' tea."
A guy walks into a bar Because men are 13 times more likely to become alcoholics.
NSFW A fish walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "why so wet?"  The fish replies: " I JUST FINGERED MYSELF."
A guy walks into a bar... and says "OW!"
A massive, 5 tons ox walks into a bar. The bartender says "HOLY COW"
A bar walks into a bar. Both bars are now drunk and not safe to go to. 
A rabbi, an Irishman, and a clown walk into a bar The bartender says "This has to be a joke."
Batman walks into a bar..... followed by 13 sodium atoms......  (for all you chemists out there....)
A piece of Rope walks into a bar A piece of rope walks into the bar and calls for the bartender and says  "Hey bartender, give me a drink"  The bartender acknowledges the rope, but as he's handing him the drink, stops suddenly and says  "Get out of my bar! We don't serve your kind here!"  So the piece of rope walks outside, pissed at the fact he couldn't get a drink. He mulls around outside for a bit until he thinks of an idea. The rope twists himself up and frizzes up his hair, walks back into the bar and says  "Hey bartender! How about a drink?"  So the bartender gets what he asked for, walks over to the bar and says  "Don't I know you? Aren't you that piece of rope I kicked out earlier?"  The rope says  "Nope, I'm a frayed knot"
Schrødringer's cat walks into a bar Or not
A deer walks into a bar Doe!
So a blind man walks into a bar... and a table, and a couple of chairs
An old man walks into a bar... ...and orders a beer. The bartender notices the guy's head is the size of a tennis ball.  "I have to ask, sir," says the bartender. "Without sounding rude, what happened to your head?"  The old guy sighs and tells him, "My ship was torpedoed by the Germans in WWII. A mermaid rescued me and promised to grant me three wishes. For my first wish, I asked to return to the States. My second wish was to have all the money I would ever need. Finally, my third wish was to have sex with the mermaid."  "That doesn't sound too bad," says the bartender. "Then what happened?"  "Well," sighs the man, "mermaids can't have sex, so I asked her if I could just have a little head... ."    
A man walks into a bar and orders a shot of vodka. The bartender asks "What happened?"  "I just found out my oldest son is gay" says the man, and the bartender pours him a shot. The next day the same man comes in and orders two shots of vodka.  "Today I found out that my youngest son is gay too" says the man and drinks the two shots. The next day, the man comes in again and orders five shots of vodka  "For God's sake" says the bartender "does anybody in your family like women?"  "Apparently, my wife and daughter" says the man.
A man walks into a bar only to have the building itself disappear into thin air... Angry, he turns around, leaves the empty spot where the building used to be and eventually runs into someone asking for directions to the now missing bar.  The angry man tells him: "I wouldn't recommend going there. It's the worst place I've been to, bar none!"
Sixteen sodium atoms walk into a bar… followed by Batman. And that was Sodium funny, I even slapped my Neon that one.
A gay guy walks into a saloon... He walks up to the bar and orders a drink. The bartender says, "Look, I have no problem with homosexuals, but the other guys here...they don't take too good to your kind." The gay guy insists he won't be a problem. "I'll just sit in the corner, have my drinks and won't cause any issue." The bartender nods and serves him his drink.  A half hour goes by, and then a big, burly cowboy walks in. "Barkeep! Give me the biggest beer you got! Goddamnit, I'm so thirsty, I reckon I'd lick the sweat off a cow's balls!!"   The gay man finishes his third drink, stands up and says, "WELL, MOO MOO, BUCKAROO!!"
A man walks into a restaurant with a full-grown ostrich behind him A man walks into a restaurant with a full-grown ostrich behind him. The waitress asks them for their orders.   The man says, 'A hamburger, fries and a coke,' and turns to the ostrich, 'What's yours?'   'I'll have the same,' says the ostrich.   A short time later the waitress returns with the order 'That will be $9.40 please,' and the man reaches into his pocket and pulls out the exact change for payment.   The next day, the man and the ostrich come again and the man says, 'A hamburger, fries and a coke'   The ostrich says, 'I'll have the same.'   Again the man reaches into his pocket and pays with exact change.   This becomes routine until the two enter again. 'The usual?' asks the waitress.   'No, this is Friday night, so I will have a steak, baked potato, and a salad,' says the man.   'Same,' says the ostrich.   Shortly the waitress brings the order and says, 'That will be $32.62.'   Once again the man pulls the exact change out of his pocket and places it on the table.   The waitress cannot hold back her curiosity any longer. 'Excuse me, sir. How do you manage to always come up with the exact change in your pocket every time?   'Well,' says the man, 'several years ago I was cleaning the attic and found an old lamp. When I rubbed it, a Genie appeared and offered me two wishes. My first wish was that if I ever had to pay for anything, I would just put my hand in my pocket and the right amount of money would always be there.'   'That's brilliant!' says the waitress. Most people would ask for a million dollars or something, but you'll always be as rich as you want for as long as you live. It's brilliant!'  'That's right. Whether it's a gallon of milk or a Rolls Royce, the exact amount of money is always there,' says the man.  The waitress asks, 'What's with the ostrich?'   The man sighs, pauses and answers, 'My second wish was for a tall chick with a big butt and long legs who agrees with everything I say.'
2 guys walk into a bar The 3rd guy ducks 
A man walks into a bar... it hurts
A man walks into the bar and tragically dies... His last words blew everyone away due to the words being, "Allahu I CAN'T STAND THIS BAR"
A man walks into a bar at the top of a 30-story building... ...goes up to the bartender, and before he can ask for a drink, the man next to him leans over and says "a Rum and Coke will make you fly." The first guy looks at the second guy and just laughs at him, but the second man is adamant that it's literally true and asks the bartender for a rum and coke. The bartender makes it and the second man quickly downs it, and the two head over to the window. The second guy opens it up, steps out, and proceeds to fly twice around the building, much to the amazement of the first man.  "That's incredible!" he exclaims. "I've got to try that for myself!" So he heads over to the bartender, buys a rum and coke, downs it in a single gulp, and walks over to the window next to the second man. Giddily, he steps out of the window and immediately plummets 30 stories to his death. The bartender looks over at the second man and simply shakes his head as he walks back over.  "You know, you're a real asshole when you drink, Superman."
An Ancient Roman walks into a bar.. Holds up two fingers and says "Five glasses of wine please".
A man walks into a bar... ...and is sent to the hospital with a severe head injury.
[Overwatch] Hanzo and Genji walk into a bar... and climb it.
A man walks into a bar with a politician, a liar, and a con-artist. Approaching the hostess, the man then announced "Table for two!"
A Pollock walks into a pharmacy and asks the pharmacist if he sells condoms...  "We have some for 75 cents a piece." the pharmacist replied.  The man asks for two, the pharmacist calculates the total and says, "That will be $1.58 with tax, sir."  The guy says, "Oh, these come with tacks? I was wondering how you keep them on."
A liar, a murderer, and a thief walk into a bar. The bartender asks, "what will it be, Mrs. Clinton?"
A snake walks into a bar... The bartender says,  "How did you do that?"
A guy walks into a bar, orders a beer, carries it to the bathroom and dumps it into a urinal. Over the course of the next few hours, he goes back to the bar and repeats this sequence -- several times. Finally the bartender got so curious that he leaned over the bar and asked him what he was doing. Replied the customer, "Avoiding the middleman."  
A man walks into a zoo. The only animal in the entire zoo is a dog. It's a shitzu.
Walks into a Bar Walks into a Bar A man walked into a Florida bar with his crocodile and asked the bartender: "Do you serve lawyers here?" "Sure." "Good. One beer for me and a lawyer for my crocodile." 
Chief Marinade and Deputy Mallet walk into a bar "We heard this is the toughest bar in town." said Chief Marinade.    The manager replied "Sure is, it's gotten so bad that I think my employees are skimming off the top, please help!"    The three sat down and hammered out all the details.   After a thorough breakdown, they worked together and got the bar tender.
A jumplead walks into a bar The barman says: "I'll serve you, but don't start anything."
Bruno Mars, Venus Williams and Freddie Mercury walk into a bar But they didn't planet that way
A man walks into a bathroom without his phone    *shit*
A Guy Walks Into a Bar with a Loaded Six Shooter with 1 in the Chamber And yells "Who slept with my wife!? I'm gunna shoot that motherfuc***!"  A guy in the back yells back   "You're gunna need more ammo!" 
An Irishman walks into a job interview. A Irishman wants a job, but the boss won't hire him until he passes a little math test.  Here is your first question, the boss said. "Without using numbers, represent the number 9."  "Without numbers?" the man says, "Dats easy."  And proceeds to draw three trees.  "What's this?" the boss asks.  "Tree and tree, plus tree makes 9" says the man.  "Fair enough," says the boss. "Here's your second question. Use the same rules, but this time the number is 99."  The man stares into space for a while, then picks up the picture that he has just drawn and makes a smudge on each tree... "Ere ye go."  The boss scratches his head and says, "How on earth do you get that to represent 99?"  "Each of them trees is dirty now. So, it's dirty tree, and dirty tree, plus dirty tree. Dat makes 99."  The boss is getting worried that he's going to actually have to hire the guy, so he says, "All right, last question.   Same rules again, but represent the number 100."  The man stares into space some more, then he picks up the picture again and makes a little mark at the base of each tree and says, "Ere ye go. One hundred."  The boss looks at the attempt and says, "You must be nuts if you think that represents a hundred!"  The man leans forward and points to the marks at the base of each tree and whispers, "A little dog came along and pooped by each tree...so now you got dirty tree and a turd, dirty tree and a turd, and dirty tree and a turd, which makes one hundred!"
Three blondes walk into a bar You'd think one of them would've seen it.
A man walks into a bar with a monkey on his shoulder... He orders a drink, and the monkey starts wondering around the bar, touching and sniffing all the things. Eventually it picks up a pool ball, looks at it for a bit and swallows it!  The bartender sees it and disturbingly tells the man - "your monkey just swallowed a whole billiards ball"! The man waves it off saying "yeah, the stupid animal, eats everything...". He pays for his drink and the ball and leaves.  Next week the man comes in again, with the same monkey, orders a drink and the monkey starts wondering around the bar. It picks up a cherry, looks at it, sniffs it, then shoves it up his butt, takes it out and swallows it! The bartender is even more shocked - "your monkey just put a cherry up his ass and ate it!" - he exclaims. The man answers:  - Yeah, the stupid monkey, still eats everything, but now always measures it up first.  
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The first orders a beer... The second orders half a beer... The third orders one quarter of a beer... The fourth orders one eighth of a beer...  The bartender pours two beers for the entire group, and replies "cmon guys, know your limits."
A Bear walks into a bar... A bear walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "I'll have a pint of beer and a.......... packet of peanuts." The bartender asks, "Why the big pause?"
a redittor walks into a bar... he tells the bartender he'll give him $300 if the bartender tells him a joke he hasnt heard before.  the bartender, guessing the redditor was not well-read, pulled out his copy of Henry IV and said one of the numerous puns.  the redittor hands the bartender $300 and says, "paint my house."
A lion, a witch, and a wardrobe walk into a bar. The bartender yells, "Get out! I'm not serving Narnia!". 
A man walks into a bar... and hits his head pretty hard. 
A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West... He slides up to the bar and announces:  ''I'm looking for the man who shot my paw.''   
A man walks into a bar... ... and sees a horse behind the counter. After a minute, the horse yells at him. "Whatsamatter, buddy? Never seen a horse tending bar before?"  "It's not that," said the man, "It's just that I never thought the parrot would sell the place!"
Inspector Gadget walks into a Bar... He orders a Drink and sits down on his couch.
A frog walks into a bank. The frog hops up on the counter of the nearest available teller and says "I want a loan."  Confused, the teller asks for the frog's name.  "My name is Kermit Jagger, son of Rolling Stone's legend Mick Jagger, and I want a loan" he says. "And what is **YOUR** name?"  "My name is Patricia. Patricia Whack" replied the teller. "I'm afraid we don't normally give loans to frogs, sir"  "Look" said the frog. "I'm Kermit T. Jagger. My father is **Rolling Stones legend Mick Jagger**. I want a goddamn loan. Understand me? Here. I even brought collateral."  After a bit of dry heaving, flying out of the frog's mouth comes a tiny ceramic figurine.  Stunned, and unsure as to what to do, the tellers picks up the slimy statue and makes her way to the bank manager's office.  "Sir, I have a...frog at my counter. He says he's Kermit T. Jagger, son of Mick Jagger, and he wants a loan. He even gave me some 'collateral' in the form of this little...thing?"  The bank manager smiles.  "Relax" he says. "It's a knick-knack, Patty Whack, give the frog a loan. His old man's a Rolling Stone."
A chemist walks into a bar He sees his colleagues in the bar and says, "Lads, tonight, the drinks are on me." The chemists all woo and cheer as the bartender says, "Well you must have had a good day at work today then?"  "Fantastic," the chemist replies with a beaming grin stretching from one cheek to the other, "I've finally found a way to make a stable molecule out of a barium atom, two sodium atoms and a sulfur atom!"  "W-wow!" The bartender says in shock, "That's BaNaNaS!!!"
A man walks into a store. A policeman there sees him and shoots him. A bystander yells "OH MY GOD!  Why did you shoot him?" The Officer replies; "He was a terrorist!"  Bystander; "How did you know?" Officer; "He had a Samsung Note 7 strapped to his belt." 
A dung beetle walks into a bar And asks the bartender, "Is this stool taken?"
A man walks into a bar with a monkey. The bartender says "get that monkey out of here, no animals allowed in the bar!" The man says, "he is very well trained, let him stay". The bartender nods and says, "what'll it be?". The man orders a beer, amd then a few more. After he's good and drink he slides a beer to his monkey. The monkey downs the beer in one huge gulp amd goes crazy. He swings all around the bar, knocking over glasses etc. He runs onto the pool table and grabs the cue ball, swallowing it whole. The bartender catches the monkey and throws him and the man out. A couple weeks later the man returs with the monkey. He begs the bartender to let him in and he concedes. The man drinks a few beers, and after he's good and drunk he slides one over to the monkey.  The monkey downs the beer in one gulp and goes crazy, knocking things over and swinging off the lights. The monkey grabs a cherry, shoves it up his ass, then pulls it out and eats it. The bartender asks "why the hell Did your monkey shove that cherry up his ass then eat it?". The man says "after that cue ball he makes sure everything fits first."
A duck walks into a bar A duck walks into a bar. He asks the bartender "do you have any fish?" The bartender replies, "No fish mate sorry."  "Okay" says the duck, "I'll have a pie and a pint."  The duck walks into the bar the next day. "Got any fish?" he asks the bartender again. "No, same as yesterday!" replies the bartender slightly annoyed. "Okay" says the duck, "I'll have a pie and a pint."  The duck walks into the bar the next day at lunchtime and asks the bartender, "any fish?" "Look here" shouts the bartender pulling a hammer from underneath the bar. "If you come in here asking for fish tomorrow I'm going to nail your bill to this bar."  "Okay" says the duck, "I'll have a pie and a pint."  The duck strolls into the bar the very next day. "Got any any nails" he says to the barman."   "No" he replies  "Got any fish?"
A dog walks into this bar.. A dog walks into this bar, jumps up on the stool and says to the bartender, "Hey barkeep, it's my birthday today. How 'bout a free drink?"  The bartender turns, looks at the dog and nods his head, "Sure pal, toilet's right down the hall."
An American man walks into a bar... An American man walks into a bar and grabs a seat. While ordering a pint, he can't help but overhear an obnoxiously loud but indiscernible conversation from three massively large ladies down the bar.   The man calls out to them,, "Hey babes, are you from Scotland?"  Quite rudely, one lady interjects while inhaling her fish and chips,nmñm, "It's Wales, you jackass!"  Embarrassed, the man replies, "My deepest apologies, Whales, are you fom Scotland?"
A Koala walks into a bar... So he sits down and after a while of chatting with the barkeep he starts to notice a girl eyeing him from across the bar. So he goes and talks to her and after some flirting they decide to go upstairs  So they go upstairs and get into the 69 position and when its all said and done the koala goes to leave, but the girl says "Hey, where's my money?" Appalled he says "What do you mean?" She replies by telling him to look up the definition of prostitute in the dictionary. He does so and it reads 'One who does sexual acts for money.' He then tells her to look up the definition of koala in the dictionary. She does this and it reads "small, tree dwelling marsupial that eats bush and leaves."
This rather attractive woman walks into a bar... IT seems that one fine day, a very comely woman walks into a typical industrial-class workingman's bar.   Several heads were turned as the sunlight permeated the smoky darkness.  She confidently saunters up to the bar and hails the barman.  "Yes, ma'am. What can I get you today?"  "I'd like 12 scotches, neat."  Thinking that's a bit of an odd order, he pours her a stiff one and sets it on the bar.   "Slam!", she downs that drink like a free beer at a Geological Society of America convention.   "Keep'em coming..." she purrs.  One after another. 10, 9, 8 and all that. She drains those 11 scotches without so much as a hiccup. She pays up, thanks the barkeep, slumps like a poleaxed mule and passes out colder'n a mackerel.   The barkeep looks over the bar at her, slumped between the peanut hulls and cigarette butts on the floor. Some of the regulars saunter over and inspect the scene as well.   "Well", says Shady (a regular regular), "What'd we do with her now?"  "Y'know...", offers Earl (another regular), "She's so out of it, we could all have a wee bit of the ol' in/out/in/out, and she'd never be the wiser...just sayin'"  A chorus of "Hell yeah's" and "Firsties!" rebound around the bar.  After the deeds were done, she was cleaned up, her purse inspected, her address ascertained,  a cab called and she was sent on her way home.    The very next day, she infiltrates the bar again and...   Confidently saunters up to the bar and hails the barman.  "Yes, ma'am. What can I get you today?"  "I'd like 12 scotches, neat."  "Coming up."  A dozen drinks later, the exact same scenario plays out.  The Lagavulin-slam, wipeout, rumpy-pumpy, deshevilization,  cab called, etc.  The very next day, she infiltrates the bar again and...  "Good day, Ma'am." exclaims the barkeep. "Your usual?"  "No, not today. Today I'd like 12 vodkas. Those damn scotches make my pussy hurt..." 
A Ducks walks into a bar He orders a beer and says.......... put it on my tab.
A carrot, a pineapple and a melon walk into a bar... The melon asks the bartender    "can I have a glass of water?".   The bartender, scared and confused as to how he is seeing 3 walking and talking fruit and veg, whips out his cock and starts to gently rub it.  "Excuse me sir, that's a mighty large pipe you got yourself!" Says the Carrot.  "Oh this lil thang?", the bartender moans, "my papa showed me how to use it right......mee hoy minoy".
A blind man walks into a bar... Aparantly that isn't covered by his insurance.
A guy with alzheimer's walks into a bar A guy with alzheimer's walks into a bar
A guy walks into a pub and sees a sign hanging over the bar which reads, "Cheese Sandwich: $1.50; Chicken Sandwich: $2.50; Hand Job: $10.00." Checking his wallet for the necessary payment, he walks up to the bar and beckons to one of the three exceptionally attractive blondes serving drinks to an eager-looking group of men. "Yes?" she enquires with a knowing smile, "Can I help you?" "I was wondering," whispers the man, "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" "Yes," she purrs, "I am."   The man replies, "Well, go wash your hands. I need a cheese sandwich and a chicken sandwich."
A dad and his son walk into a bar... ... and the bartender asks the son "How old are you?"  The son responds "I'm 18."  His father then turns to face him and says with a smile "Hi Eighteen, I'm dad!"
A guy walks into a psychiatrist wearing saran wrap pants He says "Doctor, I think I'm crazy" The doctor says, "Well I can clearly see your nuts"
A 14 year old Chinese boy walks into a bar He goes up to the the bar and signals the bartender  "I'll have a pint please"  The bartender looks him up and down and laughs "You're way too young!"  "How you know my name!"
A little girl walks into her parents' bedroom.  "Holy F**k" she screams "and you want ME to see a doctor about sucking my thumb?!"
[NSFW] A family walks into a hotel... The dad being concerned about his kids  asks the manager   "I hope you have disabled porn".  The manager stares at him for a while and replies.  "We only have regular porn here, YOU SICK FUCK."
A man walks into his favourite bar.... ...he sits at his favourite table, and waves at the waiter to order himself a beer. While waiting for his beer, he notices 2 scratch marks on the table right in front of him.  When the waiter comes, he asks him: "What are those scratches?"  Waiter says: "Those are marks. There were two men yesterday night here, they were arguing who has the longest penis."  "oh" says the guy. "Let's try it!" He pulls out his penis, puts it down on the table, takes his knife and scratches a mark at the end of his penis. The mark is higher than the 2 mens had. He shouts: "Hah! See! Forget the beer, this is champagne worthy! I won!"  The waiter then whispers to him: "But sir, these 2 men were sitting at the other side of the table........"
A Roman Walks into a Bar He holds up two fingers, and says "'l'll Have 5 Beers Please"
Two peanuts walks into a bar A Snickers bar
A set of jumper cables walks into a bar. The bartender says, "I'll serve you, but don't start anything."
A Matchmaker walks into a bar... They see 5 people in there, 2 pair of couples and a stag.  One of the couple is a Gothic couple and a Nerdy Couple.   The Matchmaker talks to the Gothic couple and says to the couple "You're gonna laid tonight."   The Gothic couple replies "How would you know that?"   The Matchmakers states that its because they feel that are emotionally strong for each other.   The Matchmaker then goes to the nerdy couple and says "You're gonna get laid tonight."   The nerdy couple ask "Why?"   The Matchmaker says its because they are mentally strong for each other.   Finally the Matchmaker goes to the stag and says "You're gonna get laid tonight."   The man replies "Really?  How do you know?"   The matchmaker replies "Because I am physically stronger than you."
I walk into a hardware store.. "Any two-watt bulbs?"  "For what?"  "That'll do. I'll take two."  "Two what?"  "I thought you didn't have any. "  "Any what?"  "Yes please."  Edit: Thanks /u/eyekwah2
A Redditor walks into a bar Ze says to the Bartender: "Bartender, I'd like some free Karma please."  Bartender: "One '*Donald Trump is Bad*' comin right up!"
A German, an American and a Russian walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them suspiciously and says, “Is this some kind of a joke?”
So, a baby seal walks into a club... *Best joke i've ever heard.*
A priest, a rapist and a pedophile walk into a bar. He orders a drink.﻿
A fish, a snake, and Stephen Hawking walk into a bar... Just kidding. None of those things walk.
An aboriginal woman walks into a bar... She goes up to the bar and says "Gimme a beer."    The bartender looks at her, and then points down.    The aboriginal woman looks down and sees that her shoelace is untied. "Mmuuhh...", she grunts, "My shoelace is untied." She bends down, ties up her shoelace, straightens up and says "Gimme a beer."    The bartender looks at her, and again points down.    The aboriginal woman looks down and sees that her pants are undone. "Mmuuhh... my pants are undone." She stands up, zips up her pants, and then sits down. "Gimme a beer."    The bartender, growing frustrated, looks at her and again points down.    The aboriginal woman looks down and sees that her boob is hanging out. "Mmuuhh... I must have left my baby at the bingo."    
Abraham Lincoln walks into a bar there weren't any seats left at the bar, so the bartender told him he could have a booth
185 mustaches walk into a bar They all start doing shots together. Pretty soon every mustache is beyond trashed. The bartender says, "Looks like we got a couple of lightweights over here."  The mustaches, totally sloshed, say, "Hey buddy, we can handle bars."
You know you're old when you walk into a antique store And they start bidding on you.
A man walks into a bar, and sees three pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling..... K so a dude walks into a bar, and sees three pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling.  "What's that?", Said Dude, looking up at the meat.   "It's a contest", replied the bartender. "Whoever can jump up and hit all three pieces, I will cook that beef for them and will serve them all free drinks for the rest of the night."  He continues, "If you fail to hit them, or even two, on the first three tries, you will have to pay for everyone's drinks for the rest of the night. Nobody can interfere. Wanna give it a try?"  "No," Said Dude, "I would, but the steaks are too high."  
A mushroom walks into a bar... Bartender says, "We don't serve mushrooms."  Mushroom says, "But I'm a fun guy."  Bartender says, "I just said we don't serve fungi."  Mushroom says, "No, no, not 'fungi', 'fun guy.' I made a pun."  Bartender says, "Get the fuck out of my bar."
Two chemists walk into a bar The bartender asks "What shall I get you two tonight"  The first chemist says "I'll take it easy tonight, just give me H2O"  The second chemist says "I'll have some H2O as well"  The first chemist is then filled with anger as the joke he heard gave him false hope in his assassination attempt
A TCP packet walks into a bar... A TCP packet walks into a bar, and says to the barman "Hello, I'd like a beer."   The barman replies "Hello, you'd like a beer?" "Yes," replies the TCP packet, "I'd like a beer."      I'd tell you my UDP packet joke, but I'm not sure you'd get it. 
A man walks into a bar He asks the bartender for a drink for him and the pig he's carrying under his arm. The bartender gets him these drinks and asks why the pig only has three legs. "Well", the man said. "This pig pulled me and my whole family out of the house when it was on fire. He saved our lives". The bartender says, "Wow, that is one awesome pig. But that still doesn't answer my question". "Well", the man says. "One time I was fishing with this pig, and my boat capsized. I don't know how to swim, but this pig pulled me back to shore and gave me CPR". "Wow", the bartender says. "That pig is a hero! But that still doesn't answer my question. Why does he only have three legs?" "Well", the man says. "If you had a pig this awesome, would you eat him all at once?"
A man walks into a bar... ... and upon entering it declares "Trump supporters are assholes."  A second man gets up from his barstool and yells at the first man from across the bar "Hey!  I take offense to that!"  "Are you a Trump supporter?" inquires the first man.  "No," the second man replies, "I'm an asshole."
A vegan, feminist, and a crossfitter walk into a bar... I know because they told everyone in twenty minutes.
Three people of distinctly different national and/or ethnic origins walk into a bar. The first one says something normal and expected.  The second one says something equally typical of what a person in their position might say.  The third one insults all of their countrymen and/or other group to which they belong by making a remark or behavior that is both stereotypical of that group of people, as well as entirely inappropriate to the situation.
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar, goes up to the bartender, and asks for a beer. The bartender stops him, and says "Well, before you order, let me tell you about our special."   He directs the man's attention down to the end of the bar, where there are two huge chunks of meat hanging on meat hooks.   "If you can run down to the end of the bar, jump up, and take a bite out of one of those pieces of meat, you get to drink free here for the rest of your life. But I'll warn you, if you try it and fail, you have to buy all of the drinks for the rest of the bar all night."  The man replies "Well, let me think about it. Mind if I take a look?" The bartender lets him, so he saunters down to the end of the bar, and takes a nice, long look at the hanging meat, before turning around and coming back.  "Nah, I think I'll just order a beer."  "Alright, but just curious... why aren't you taking the challenge?"  "Buddy, the steaks are just too high."
An Elephant walks into a bar bartender asks why long nose. Elephant: Mind your own fucking business.
A Blind Man Walks Into A Bar Then Into a Table, Then Into A Bar Stool.......
A man walks into a bar and asks: "I'm sorry, but are you a gay bar or normal bar?" "Yes."
A roman centurion walks into a bar... He holds up two fingers and says: "Five beers, please."
A feminist walks into a bar She walks to the bartender and says, "No, I will not have it, I will not be served by a cisgender white male." A man nearby says, "My god, not another feminazi.", the bartender says, "Hey! Don't compare feminists to nazis, that's not cool.", the feminist says, "Maybe all you cisgenders aren't that bad.", the bartender continues, "Don't compare feminists to nazis, at least nazis accomplished something."
An atheist walks into a bar... No one dies and everyone has a good time.  
Two Men walk into a bar... The third one ducked.
A man walks into a bar in Bangkok... a sign reads: Cheese Sandwich: $1.50 Chicken Sandwich: $2.50 Hand Job: $10.00  The man walks up to a barmaid.  Man: Are you the one who gives the hand jobs? Barmaid: Why, yes. That's me. Man: Then go wash your hands! I want a cheese sandwich.
A woman walks into a bar and asks for a double entendre So the barman gives her one
Walks into a bar... A horse walks into a bar... The bartender says "Why the long face" The horse looks at him sternly and says "You bastard"
A Red Oscar Envelope walks into a bar and asks am I Moonlighting or Emma Stoned?
An old Lady walks into a bank An old Lady walks into a high end bank. She is carrying a suit case and walks to the front desk and asks for the bank manager.   After waiting for a while the bank manager arrives and tells her to meet him in his office. In the office she tells the bank manager she wants to start a bank account and tells him in the suitcase she has $170,000.   Curious the bank manager asks how an old Lady earned such a huge amount of money. She tells him "I  earned this money by making odd bets, for example I bet you all the money in this suit case that you have square balls"   The manager thought that's an impossible bet to win and says I'll take you on that. The old Lady told him let's meet up tomorrow in this same office and left for the day.  The next day the Lady had arrived with the suitcase and a man in a suit. They both entered the Managers office and he asked who the man was. She said that this was her lawyer and he was here to witness the bet.   She told the Manager to take his pants off so that she could examine his balls. The Manager thought this made sense and obliged. After thoroughly examining his balls the old Lady came to the conclusion that his balls were indeed round and not  square.   She gave the Manager the suit case and as he took his reward he saw the lawyers face in awe. He then asked the lawyer why he looked so grim and the old Lady said "I bet him $700,000 that I would have the balls of a high end bank manager in my hands in his office today." 
A Greek playwright walks into a tailor shop The tailor asked him, “Euripides?” The tragedian responded, “Yes, Eumenides?"
A Freudian, a Jungian, and a Lacanian walk into a bar.  The Freudian orders a cigar. The Jungian orders an Etruscan mask to conceal his face. “You cretins!” says the Lacanian. He then orders a beer, which, however, he does not desire.
A sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender replies "Sorry. We don't serve food".
A three-legged dog walks into a bar, looks at the bartender and says... "I'm looking for the man that shot my paw."
A bartender walks into a barn... The horse says, "Hey, why the wrong place?"
A drunk walks into a bar Then he said 'ouch'
A boy walks into a brothel So a boy walks into a brothel dragging a dead frog on a string behind him. He walks up to the madame and places $100 dollars on the counter and says he would like to fuck on of the madame's whores. The boy asks if any of the madame's whores have any diseases and the madame quickly tells him no. The boy says he wants to have sex specifically with someone who has an STD. The madame, confused, take the little boy to a room and has one of her whores take care of him. The little boy has sex with the whore several times to ensure he has contracted whatever she has.  On the way out the madame asks the little boy, "why did you want to have sex with someone with a disease?"  The boy responds, "later tonight I am going to have sex with my babysitter and she will contract the disease. After that my babysitter will have sex with my dad, my dad will have sex with my mom and my mom will have sex with the mailman who will eventually contract the disease. And he's the fucker who killed my frog!"
Oxygen and Magnesium walk into a bar... OMg!
A termite walks into a bar And says "is the bar *tender* here?"  That's a horrible joke and I'm sorry
So a pirate walks into a bar... So a pirate walks into a bar... The bartender says "You look so annoyed!".  The pirate points down and says "Yargh - I have a steering wheel at the end of my penis. It's drivin' me nuts!"
A bartender walks into a bar The man said, Why are you late.
Three priests walk into a bar and see a man whos already had a few drinks. The man walks up to them and says "you know I'm jesus christ". One of the priests replies "I don't think you are son" so the man says right, I'll prove it to you. He walks out of the bar and a few seconds later comes stumbling back in. The barman sees him and shout "jesus christ not you again"
An ISIS member walks into a bar And He offers everyone free shots!
Godzilla Walks into a Bar... ...and sees King Kong at the end of the bar downing whiskey, looking like he's trying to drown his sorrows.  "What's wrong, big guy? Godzilla asks.  "My old lady just ran off with another guy," says Kong, throwing back another Jack Daniels.  "That's tough! But what man could beat your time?"  "It wasn't a man. In fact, it was a whale: Moby Dick!"  "Wow," says Godzilla, "But what did she see in that big fish?" Then Godzilla lowered his voice and asked, "Was it that he had you beat, you know, uhh.. down there?"  "No," says Kong, "I had him matched in that department. Guess I just couldn't compete with a guy who has a six foot long tongue and can breathe though a hole in the top of his head!"
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar with hiccups (the man has hiccups), and he asks the bartender to cure it. The bartender immediately pulls out a pistol, and the man says thank you and leaves.
A man and his dog walk into a bar... ...The man proclaims, "I'll bet you a round of drinks that my dog can talk."  Bartender: "Yeah! Sure...go ahead."  Man: "What covers a house?"  Dog: "Roof!"  Man: "How does sandpaper feel?"  Dog: "Rough!"  Man: "Who was the greatest ball player of all time?"  Dog: "Ruth!"  Man: "Pay up. I told you he could talk."  The bartender, annoyed at this point, throws both of them out the door. Sitting on the sidewalk, the dog looks at the guy and says, "or is the greatest player Mantle?"
A guy walks into a bar He orders a shot of whiskey. The bartender asks "Rough Day?" The guy replies, "Yeah" and drinks the whiskey The guy said "You know, i think should be more open and interact with my family" The bartender said, "Of course! family is where we are safe and accepted and must not be neglected. Go to your family and cherish every moments." "Thanks man!" said the guy and happily exits the bar. The bartender waved goodbye to the guy and felt great about himself. Then suddenly the bartender remember that the guy didn't pay. 
A guy walks into the psychiatrist wearing only plastic wrap for shorts... The shrink says, "Well, I can clearly see you're nuts."
A man walks into a bar. It was set rather low.
A time traveler travels into the future and walks into a bar The bartender says, "Haven't seen you in a while"
A black man walks into a bar... A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his sholder. The bartender says, "That's beautiful! Where'd you get it?" "Africa," replies the parrot.
A dickhead walks into a bar The barkeep looks at him and says, "Why the schlong face?"
A man walks into the doctors. He says dr it hurts when I touch here  And touches his arm  It also hurts here  And touches his ribs  and here  And touches his back  It hurts here too And touches his calf  It hurts here  And touches his elbow and here  And touches his head  It even hurts here  And touches his abdomen   And the dr says - Yeah you have a broken finger. 
A statistician walks into a bar and ranks all the girls based on their looks. He approaches one of them and says,   "I just surveyed all the women in here and you're the most average one here.  "Wow, you're mean!"  "No, you are!"
So a termite walks into a bar and says... Is the bar-tender here?
A towel walks into a bar... He orders a drink, and says "I'll have it dry."
A vegan, a Crossfitter and an atheist walk into a bar.. I know this because they told everyone within two minutes. 
Snail walks into a bar. And the bartender says ''How did you do that?''  _notice how boring these jokes are? sorry_
An elephant walks into a bar and destroys it totally. 
A blind man walks into a bar. He hears a man speaking next to him. So he says, "Hey do you want to hear a blonde joke?"  The man says, " Sir, I myself am blonde and weigh 250 pounds, the bartender is also blonde and is well built, and there are a couple of blonde men seated at the table behind us and look like the type you wouldn't want to mess with. Do you still want to tell the joke?" The blind man says, "No that's fine. I don't want to explain the joke so many times."
Tourist walks into a bar.. he orders a pint and starts supping it, when a dwarf walks in, goes over to the piano and starts playing.  Bemused the tourist motions to the barman and asks about the dwarf.  "It's a funny story actually," says the barman.  "See this lamp?  If you rub it and make a wish, your wish will come true." The tourist looks incredulous but takes the lamp and starts rubbing it.  "Give me a million bucks!" he calls.  A moment later there's a hideous din coming from outside the bar.  He goes out and in the street are thousands upon thousands of ducks, quacking away.  The tourist goes back inside and says to the barman; "This is bullshit!  I asked for a million bucks but I got a million ducks!"  The barman replies, "Well do you think I asked for a twelve inch Pianist?"
A man with a lisp walks into a store and says... “Can I get an ass?”  “Do you mean a vase sir?”  “Yes that’s what I meant. I would also like a fucket.”  “A bucket?”  “Yes a fucket. I would also like one of your best dogs.”  “This dog leonard is a cocker spaniel. She’s our best one.”  “I’ll take her.”  When he walks out of the shop Leonard runs away. The man says,  “Help! Somebody hold my ass and fucket while I grab my cockand spanket realhard!”
I'm sure this has been posted here but: A duck walks into a bar The duck asks the bartender "Got any grapes?" The bartender, perplexed, says no, and the duck heads back out. The next day the duck comes back and asks again "Got any grapes?" The bartender again says no, this time a little bit irritated, so the duck leaves. The next day he comes back yet again and asks the same question. "Got any grapes?" The bartender, this time infuriated, says "No, and if you come in here and ask again I'll nail your beak to the bar!" So the duck backs off and leaves the bar yet again. However, the next day, the duck comes back once more. He asks the bartender "Do you have any nails?" The bartender says no. Then the duck asks, "Got any grapes?"
A skeleton walks into a bar He says, "I'd like two beers and a roll of paper towels."
A creeper walks into a bar Bartender: Aw man
A time traveler walks into a bar *You would think he had learned to duck the first time  *...again
when two German agents walk into the pub in London during WW2 , and one of them said to the waiter:   \- Two martini please.   The waiter:   \- Dry?   \- Nein! Zwei!
A perfectionist walks into a bar ...Apparently the bar wasn't set high enough
A renowned audiophile walks into a bar Bartender : Sir, all your things are on the house. You can order whatever you want.  Audiofile : Sounds good !
A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer. "I've finally realized that I should never have given Timex my real email address when I filled out my warranty card," he complains to the bartender. "Now it looks like I'm on some sort of a watch list."
Guy walks into a doctor's office... The doctor says, "In order to get the physical started I'm gonna need a urine sample, a stool sample, a semen sample, and a blood sample." The guy says, "Gee Doc, that sounds like it's gonna take a while. Can I just give you my snuggie instead?"
Guy walks into a restaurant bar. A guy walks into the bar of a restaurant and goes to the bartender and asks "How much for a beer?"    The bartender replies "$1".    The customer completely amazed, orders a beer then asks the bartender  "Well then how much for a NY sirloin, with side of mashed potatoes and salad, and an entire cheesecake for desert?"   The Bartender reply's "$5".    The guy still amazed then orders everything and after he is done eating his meal then says "Wow, this place is amazing, I really wish I could meet the owner of this place".    The bartender then says "Oh well, he's upstairs in his office with my wife".    The guy looks all confused then asks "What is he doing upstairs in his office with your wife?"    The bartender then says "The same thing I'm doing to his business".
[NSFW] A man walks into a sex shop Man: Do you have any parsley?  Clerk: No... This is a sex shop.  Man: What about dill, though?
Piece of paper walks into a bar Bartender says sorry buddy last time you were in here you got way out of line.
So a Canadian walks into a restaurant and orders a mooseburger. The waiter brings out a platter with a large slab of delicious looking grilled meat on it along with a side of mashed potatoes. The Canadian, frowning at his plate, looks up at the waiter and says "hey friend, I thought I ordered a burger, eh?  The waiter replies, "Sorry friend, looks like the chef must have made a moosesteak."
A guy walks into a bar carrying 3 ducks...... He has one duck in his left hand, one in his right hand and one under his left arm. The bar is very empty and he is the only patron. He sits down sets his ducks on the bar and has a few drinks. The bartender doesn't say anything because he would rather a weird customer with ducks than no customers at all. After a few drinks the patron gets up to use the restroom and leaves the ducks with the bartender.  An awkward silence fills the room and the bartender decides to break it up with some small talk. He turns to the first duck and asks him  "Whats your name duck? How was your day?  The first duck replies: "My name is Luey and my day was freaking amazing! It was the best day ever! I was in and out of Puddles all freaking day and it was great. Id do it every day for the rest of my existence if I could!"  The bartender nods his head and thinks to himself, damn that does sound like a good day for a duck. He then turns to the second duck and repeats the question: "Hey whats your name and how was your day?"  The second duck exclaims "My name is Huey and my day was also freaking amazing. I was in and out of Puddles all freaking day and Id do it a million times over if I could!"  At this point the bartender is pretty bored speaking with the ducks and is pretty confident he knows what the third duck did. So he turns to the third duck and states "Soo let me guess your name is Stuey and you had a great day in and out of puddles as well?"  The third duck looks straight at the bartender with a disgusted face and says   "NO my name is Puddles and don't ask me how my fucking day went!!!!"  - Poor Puddles
A BLT walks into a bar Bartender says, sorry, we don’t serve food here.   Q
So a guy walks into a bar... So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.  So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?” And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”  So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.  So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.” And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”  So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?” And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?” And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”  So the bartender is understandably ashamed. And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.  And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.” And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”  But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”  And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?” And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”  And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”  And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”  So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”  And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.  And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”  And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”  And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”  And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”  And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.” And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!  And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”  And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”  And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”  And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.” And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.  And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.  And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”  And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”  And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”  And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”  And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms. And suddenly he has this revelation.  And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.  And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”  And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”  And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”  And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.  So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.  So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.” And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.  And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”  And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”  And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment. And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”  And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.”
A Chinese man walks into a pub in West Belfast. He orders a pint of stout, drinks half of it and then goes to the toilet. He's no sooner gone than a bloke gets up out of his seat and goes up to the bar and farts in the Chinese man's Guinness. The Chinese man returns but the barman stops him from drinking telling him what had just happened. The Chinese man goes over to the guy responsible and shouts 'Ah you fart in ma Guinness?' And the guy says 'No, I'm Gerry Adams'
A panda walks into a restaurant, A panda walks into a restaurant, sits down and orders a sandwich. After he finishes eating the sandwich, the panda pulls out a gun and shoots the waiter, and then stands up to go. "Hey!" shouts the manager. "Where are you going? You just shot my waiter and you didn't pay for your sandwich!" The panda yells back at the manager, "Hey man, I am a PANDA! Look it up!" The manager opens his dictionary and sees the following definition for panda: "A tree-dwelling marsupial of Asian origin, characterised by distinct black and white colouring. Eats shoots and leaves."
A guy walks into a bar and sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling... The guys asks, "What's this about?" The bartender replies, "Well, if you can jump up and slap the meat, you get free drinks for the rest of the night. If you miss, you pay for everyone's drinks for the next hour. You wanna do it?" The guy replies, "Nah, the steaks are too high."
A photon walks into a hotel and the bellhop says "May I help you with your bags?" The photon says "No thanks, I'm traveling light."
[NSFW] A guy walks into a bar... .. and walks up to take a seat.   The bartender walks over and ask, "what can I get you?"   "Oh, I'll just have a coke" the man replies. The bartender obliged and fixed his drink. He handed it to the man and said,   "You know, when people come to a bar, they usually have a beer or a cocktail".   The man replied, "Yes I know, but last week I went out, got drunk, went home, blew chunks and passed out".   The bartender laughed, "Hah! Well that happens to everyone!"   The man says, "No you don't understand, Chunks is my dog."
Two guys walk into a bar The first one asks for h20.   The second on asks for h20 too.   The second guy dies.
A man walks into a zoo... The only animal in the zoo is a dog. It's a Shih Tzu.
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says “Oh just a beer”. The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong, why are you so down today?”. The man said “My wife and I  got into a fight, and she said she would’nt talk to me for a month”. The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”? The man siad “Well the month is up tonight”.
Two guys walk into a bar.... You would think the first guy would've warned the other.
A beard walks into a bar... And the bartender asks - "What can I get you"  "Just a water please" replies the beard, "I'm already off my face"
A guy walks into a bar... as he approaches the counter, he notices a big bowl full of money. So he asks the bartender what it's there for.  "We have an ongoing challenge", the barkeeper says, "if you can complete it, the money is yours". The man gets curious and asks for further detail.   "First, you have to finish this whole bottle of tequila within 30 seconds. After that, you go out to the backyard to our Rottweiler Johnny. Johnny's got a loose tooth, so you've got to pull it out for him. When you're done with that, come back in and take the stairs to the first floor, and enter the second room to your right. My 90 year old mother lives there and she hasn't had an orgasm in years, so you have to make her real happy."   The man accepts the challenge and starts drinking from the bottle and manages to finish it within the minute. Obviously intoxicated, he makes his way to the backyard and closes the door behind him. All that could be heard for the next ten minutes was a painful sound of howling coming from said backyard, making the entire crowd in the pub very uneasy. As the sound slowly calms, the man comes stumbling back into the bar, looks at the bartender and goes   "So now, where's your 90 year old mother with the loose tooth?"
A man walks into a bar looking to buy a glass of 50 year old scotch He says to the bartender, "My good man, I have a thirst that can only be quenched by glass of 50 year old scotch. I'm a connoisseur of sorts, so don't try and trick me. I'll be able to tell the difference!"  The bartender, a little annoyed, goes to the top shelf, grabs a bottle of scotch, and pours the man a glass. The man takes a sip, savors it for a second, then says "I said 50 YEAR OLD scotch! This one can't be more than 15 years old! I said don't try and trick me you twat! Lets try that again!"  The bartender reaches on the same shelf for another bottle of scotch, pours the man a glass, and the man takes a sip. "I said FIFTY! This one can't be more than 35 years old! What are you trying to do here? If I don't get a glass of 50 year old scotch, I'll be taking my business elsewhere!" The man boasts.   Seeing the aggravation on the bartenders face, an older gentleman, sitting two stools over, slides his glass over to the man and says "Here. Try this."   The man takes a sip and immediately spits it out all over the bar. "Good god man! THAT TASTES LIKE PISS!" yells the man. Now laughing hysterically, the older gentleman turns to the man and says "Yeah?! Well? Tell me how old I am!"  Edit: Turns*
An infinity sign walks into Starbucks and orders a white girl An infinity sign walks into Starbucks and orders a white girl
A vegan, an athiest and an antiwaxer walk into a bar.... How do i know? They would not stop talking about it
A banana walks into a classroom... ...and someone put's a condom on it.
Neil deGrasse Tyson walks into a bar.  Everyone leaves. "EVERYONE?" he chuckles to himself. "7.4 billion humans couldn't fit in this space." 
Two cows walk into a vegan bar. The bartender says, "We don't serve your kind here."
A guy walks into a bar The bartender says "What can I get for you sir?"  Guy says "How dare you assume my gender on my appearance!"
A ghost walks into a bar "Sorry sir" the barmen says, "We don't serve spirits after eleven"
A Roman walks into a bar... (Latin joke) A Roman walks into a bar and says "I'll have one martinus please." The bartender a little puzzled replies, "don't you mean one martini?" The Roman scoffs and says "oh please, if I wanted two I would have asked."
An Indian, a Russian and an American walk into a bar! The American is bursting with news he wants to share, but the Indian decides to introduce himself. "Hi, I am Deepak! While eating samosas with tea one day last year, I hacked into the Chinese defense systems, brought them all down to their knees". Yes he was a showoff!      The American is exploding with his info, but the Russian interrupts, introducing himself. "Hi, I am Vladimeyerr! While drinking Vodka for breakfast last Sunday, I hacked into the CIA databases, but they are so behind the times, nothing new to see". He was really an arrogant bastard!      The American simply can't hold it in any longer. He screams, "THEY FED THEIR CHILD A VEGAN DIET, DAN NEAR KILLED IT!!!". 
The Past, the Present and the Future walk into a bar... It was *tense*. 
A guy walks into a bar with jumper cables around his neck... Bar tender looks at him and says, "I guess I'll let you hang out but you better not start anything."
A dentist, a protagonist, and a depressed man walk into a bar They get a few beers down and the depressed man says. "I want to kill myself."  The dentist replies. "Your not alone. I'm doing it tonight."  The protagonists downs his beer. "Good luck. I've been telling myself that for months."
A man walks into a bar... ...and says "Ouch."
A Buddhist walks into a pizza shop He says can you make me one with everything?
Benjamin walks into a bar and asks for two shots.. The bartender tells him that they have a deal going on right now.   Benjamin replies, *"What's the deal man?"*   The bartender tells him, *"If you can drink this half gallon of whiskey in five minutes and keep it down for another five minutes, then go out back and pull the angry alligators tooth out and then lastly, upstairs is a woman who has never had an orgasm, if you give her one and do the other two things in that order, you can eat and drink here for free forever"*  He exclaims that sounds tough but, *"I will try it any way"*, so he chugs the whiskey drinks it in time and keeps it down then goes out back. About twenty minutes go by and the people in the bar hear screaming and just pure pain.   Benjamin walks back into the bar all tore up bleeding, stumbling drunk and what not and looks over at the bartender and says now where is that woman who needs her tooth pulled? 
Two guys walk into a bar.. You'd think that second one would have ducked. 
Man walks into a psychologists office and says "Doc. You gotta help Me! I'm having these terrible dreams!" Doc asks the guy "what happens in these bad dreams?"   The guy says "Sometimes I'm a teepee, then I'm a wigwam, then a teepee, then a wigwam, teepee, wigwam, teepee, wigwam. It's all night! I can't take it!"   Doc says "you've got to calm down. You're too tense." 
A man walks into a bar and says loudly, "Bartender, six shots!" The bartender looks at him and says, "Wow six shots, whats the occasion?" The man replies , "First blowjob!"   The bartender then pours him a seventh shot and says, "Congrats man, this ones on me."   The man then says , "Man if six shots cant get the taste out of my mouth I don't know what will!"
A guy walks into his office with both his ears bandaged up A guy walks into work, and both of his ears are all bandaged up. The boss says, “What happened to your ears?”  He says, “Yesterday I was ironing a shirt when the phone rang and shhh! I accidentally answered the iron.” The boss says, “Well, that explains one ear, but what happened to your other ear?”  He says, “Well, jeez, I had to call the doctor!”
4 man walk into a bar... ...A Frenchman, German, American and a Mexican. They all take a seat around a table and begin discussing their countries imports, exports and overall economies.  The Frenchman orders a bottle of the finest French wine. He draws his gun, exclaims, "We have too many of these in our country!" throws the bottle in the air and shoots it.   The German seeing this, orders a bottle of the finest German beer. He unholsters his gun, then declares, "We have too many of *these* in our country!" tosses the bottle up in the air and shoots it.  The American then whips out his gun and shoots the Mexican.
A man walks into a bar The next day he goes to a pub, and orders a drink.    Bartender asks " whats with the black eye?"  "I was in a joke yesterday."
An Irishman, Spaniard, Portuguese man, a Greek AND an Italian walk into a bar Before they could say anything the barman shouts "Let me guess? You want this on the German's tab?" 
A seven year old walks into a bar nes and noble.
So an Italian light bulb walks into a bar... The light bulb tells the bartender he needs ibuprofen. The bartender asks, "Why so?" The light bulb replies, "I'm a light headed!"
A Rabbi Walks Into a Bar "Ouch"
A fish walks into a bar. Impossible.
A Panda walks into a bar.. and asks the bartender if he can get a scotch...    .....                                    ...and coke.     The bartender replies "Sure thing, but why the big pause?"    The Panda shrugs, lifts up his hands, and says "Was born with them."
A gymnast walks into a bar. He gets a two point deduction and ruins his chances of getting a medal. 
So my bf and I walk into a bar. We notice this guy kept hitting on the female bartender by telling her corny jokes as she fake chuckles. One joke involved him asking her why no one trusted atoms. (Because they make up everything).  My bf retaliates with his own joke... 'What do female bartenders like most about their male Patrons?.... Just the tip' ��
A man walks into an empty lot... He pulls out his cellphone and says: "There aren't any bars here."
So a bear walks into a bar... So a bear walks into a bar and the bartender pulls out a shotgun and shoots the bear because it's a bear.
Three logicians walk into a bar... The bartender asks, "would all three of you like some beer?"  The first one replies,"Nah."  The second one replies, "Apparently not."  The third replies, "Nope."  Then the second and third asks the bartender for a beer.
A man walks into a bar and see a jar filled with $5 bills... He sits down and the bartender tells him if he puts $5 in the jar and completes 3 different tasks he would win all the money in the jar.   The man agrees to try. He puts the $5 in the jar and then the bartender proceeds to tell him what he first 3 tasks are.   "First you have to drink a whole bottle of tequila without making a face. Second there's a angry Rottweiler out back with a sore tooth that you need to pull. And finally there's an old woman upstairs who has never had sex in her life. Go upstairs have sex with her and then you'll get all the money."   The man agrees to the challenge and puts $5 in the jar.  He first grabs the tequila and downs the whole bottle without making a face. The bartender then tells him go outside next. The man then heads outside to complete his second task.   While the man is outside the bartender can hear the Rottweiler growling and howling and making a lot of noise as he completes the second task.  He''s out there for awhile and finally comes back in obviously exhausted. He has blood, scratches, and bite marks covering his body. He then turns to the bartender and says "Okay, now where's the lady with the sore tooth."
An infinite number of redditors walk into r/Jokes But they can't get past the infinite mathematicians and cows 
Two jihadists walks into a gay bar.... Needless to say, they had a huge blast
A bartender walks into a church, a brothel and the zoo... Trying to find the freaks that skipped out on their bar tabs.
So three Rabbi's walk into a bar... ...and the bartender says "get the fuck out"
A man walks into a bakery. He narrowly avoids bumping into another customer leaving as he approaches the counter. " Alright mate?" He asks the baker. "I'll have a loaf of your finest bread." "Ah, sorry to inform you but I've just sold my last one to the gentleman who was in before you." The baker replied."Oh it's alright, I've got my bike outside!"
A man walks into a bar leading a pony on a harness... Bartender says to the man "You can't bring that pony in here."  Man replies, "This is a special pony. He pays for all my drinks. See, I bet you, the bartender, that my pony can recite every letter of the alphabet after each shot of whiskey he drinks. You won't believe me, so you take that bet. When you lose, I get to drink for free the rest of the night. If I lose, my pony works for you for a week, free of charge."  "You're right says the bartender. "I don't believe you. That bet is on."   The bartender puts a shot glass on the counter and fills it with whiskey. The pony picks the glass up in his lips, chugs it down, slams the glass down on the bar top and whispers out "Aaaay" in a raspy voice.  The man smiles and the bartender just looks dumbfounded before pouring out another shot.  "Beeee" the pony whispers next.   The bartender pours out another shot. Then shot after shot after shot....  "Seeee" the pony says rasping whispers . "Deeee. Eeeeee. Effff. Geeeee." This continues for every letter of the alphabet all the way to "Zeeee."  "That's amazing," says the bartender as he pours the man his free drink for winning the bet.  "I've never met a talking pony before. Is he alright though? All that whiskey makes it sound like he has a frog in his throat."  "It's ok," replies the man. "He's just a little horse."
A Roman Centurion walks into a bar... And says to the bartender "I'll have a martinus please."     "Don't you mean a martini?" says the bartender.    The Centurion replied "Now listen, If I'd wanted a double, I would have asked for it." 
An elderly man walks into a confessional. Man: ‘I am 92 years old, have a wonderful wife of 70 years, many children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren. Yesterday, I picked up two college girls, hitchhiking. We went to a motel, where I had sex with each of them three times.’   Priest: ‘Are you sorry for your sins?’Man: ‘What sins?’   Priest: ‘What kind of a Catholic are you?’   Man: ‘I’m Jewish.’   Priest: ‘Why are you telling me all this?’   Man: ‘I’m 92 years old … I’m telling everybody!'
Dad walks into the living room and sees Jimmy and Tommy fighting over the TV. Dad: "Hey, what's going on here?"  Jimmy: "I want to watch the Presidential Debate and Tommy won't let me."  Tommy: "I was here first, I was watching Pro-wrestling and Jimmy came in and changed the channel."  Dad: "You shouldn't be watching that stuff. Don't you know that it is fake? Everything is staged and predetermined to create unnecessary drama."  Dad continues: "And Tommy, you shouldn't be watching pro-wrestling either."
A guy walks into a bar and asks for a drink... ...The bartender says, "Tell me a meta-joke." So the guy says, "A guy walks into a bar and asks for a drink. the bartender says, "Tell me a meta-joke." So the guy says, "A guy walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says, "Tell me a meta-joke." So the guy says, "A guy walks into a bar and asks for a drink. So the bartender gives him a drink." So the bartender gives him a drink." So the bartender gives him a drink." So the bartender gives him a drink.
Two people walk into a bar You'd think the second would've seen it there
A sandwich walks into a bar... The barman says ''Sorry we don't serve food in here''       
A horse walks into a bar .. .. as Miranda and Samantha were already waiting, Charlotte was running late.
A woman and a duck walk into a bar A woman and a duck walk into a bar. The bartender says "Hey, get that pig out of here!" The woman replies "Sir you are mistaking, this is a duck." The bartender replies, "I know, I was talking to the duck." 
A guy walks into a bar... ow.
A priest , a Chinese, and a Mexican walk into a bar And walk away with a minor head bump ..
Guy walks into a bar asking 10 shots of tequila So the bartender asks what's the occasion.  The guy replies he just had his first blow job. Bartender feels happy for the guy and says "first one is on the house". Guy replied "if 10 can't wash the taste off my mouth, I don't see how 11th would help"
A roman walks into a bar Holds up two fingers and says  "I'll take five beers please!"
A family walks into a Hotel... The Dad walks up to the desk and says "I hope the porn is disabled." The receptionist says "It's regular porn you sick fuck."
A jumper cable walks into a bar. The bartender says, "I'll serve You, but don't start anything."
A monster walks into a pizza store... and says, "I'll have one large Mexican, a small Hawaiian, and a large Australian."  The manager asks, "anything else sir?"  The monster thinks for a second, and then says "yeah I might as well get a pizza while I'm here"
An Irish man walks into a bar... He likes the place very well. He gets to know all the other regular patrons and the bar begins to feel like home to him. It becomes a place of refuge. He came in every Friday and Saturday night.  But one Friday he doesn't show up, and neither does he show up the following day. His friends get worried.  Next week comes and he also doesn't show. People are becoming alarmed but since no one had his contact information there was nothing they could do.  Several months passed and the Irish man had become a happy memory and somewhat of a mystery.  Suddenly one Friday, he steps in. Everyone's jaws drop like they had seen a ghost. The entire place is silent as he reaches his regular stool.  The bartender asks, "What will you have?"  "Just a Sprite", he responds.  Everyone is shocked. This guy would get shitfaced every weekend, he could drink more than anyone who had ever been to the bar.  "But you usually start off with a bit of vodka, what's the matter?", demanded the bartender.  Irish man replies, "Well you see, last time I was here I drank so much I don't even remember how much I drank. What I do remember is that once I got home I blew chunks all over the driveway. Then I stumbled in my living room and blew chunks on the carpet. I dragged myself to the restroom and I blew chucks in the tub. I finally made it to my bedroom and I blew chunks until I fell asleep. I won't drink no more after that."  "Well so fucking what!?", exclaimed the bartender, "We've all vomited our hearts out every once in a while, it's no big deal!!"  "You don't understand mate, chunks is the name of my dog."
Dyslexic man walks into a bra. Dyslexic man walks into a bra.
An Englishman, a Scotsman, and an Irishman all walk into a bar... The Englishman needed to drink to forget the pain.
A kid from England walks into an classroom in America. Kid: Is this maths?  Teacher: No, this is math.  Kid: Ah, so you don't do multiples here.
An atheist, a vegan, and a cross fitter walk into a bar... I only know because they told everyone within 2 minutes. 
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar. He is bombarded by tampons as a woman with red hair in the back shouts 'THIS IS A SAFE ZONE'.
A man walks into work with two black eyes. His boss asks what happened.  The man says, "I was sitting behind a big woman at church. When we stood up to sing hymns, I noticed that her dress was caught in her crack, so I pulled it out. She turned around and punched me square in the eye."  "Where did you get the other shiner?" the boss asks.  "Well," the man says, "I figured she preferred it in the crack, so I pushed it back in."
A dude walks into a bar... He orders a drink, drink it, then leave.
A skeleton walks into a bar.... ...and orders a pint and a mop
A horse walks into a bar.. The bartender asks "why the long face?"   The horse, unable to speak English, shits on the floor and then leaves. 
A man walks into a library... ...The man walks up to the librarian and says "Can I have a burger and fries please." The librarian, confused, replies with "Sir, this is a library." The man apologises, leans in closely and whispers "Can I have a burger and fries please."
A Panda Walks Into a Bar A panda walks into a bar and orders a beer and a hamburger. After he eats he stands up, stretches, and pulls out a gun. He proceeds to shoot everyone in the room but the bartender. The panda puts $20 on the bar and turns to leave. As he walks out the door the bartender asks why the panda shot everyone. The panda tells him to look in the encyclopedia. The bartender looks up panda and he reads "Panda: Large black and white mammal native to China. Eats shoots and leaves."
A man walks into a bar. The menu reads  &gt;Burger: $5  &gt;Hand job: $10  He slides a $10 bill to the female bartender and asks:  "Are you the girl who does the hand jobs?"  She responds with a smooth voice: "Why yes I am"  The man then says: "Then wash your hands, because I want two burgers"   
So a guy walks into a bar where Eminem is the bartender Guy: Two shots please  Eminem: You only get one shot
Two beatniks walk into a diner and seat themselves at a table... The waiter walks up to their table and says "What'll you have?" The first beatnik asks "How's your blueberry pie?" And the waiter says "Oh it's all gone." And the beatnik says "Far out. We'll have two slices."
Four men walk into . . . Four men walk into a **&lt;social establishment&gt;**. Inside the **&lt;social establishment&gt;**, they have a conversation about **&lt;topic&gt;**. Eventually one of them leaves the group and goes to the bathroom. After he left, the conversation shifts from **&lt;topic&gt;** to the well-being of their sons.   &amp;nbsp;  The first one says, "my son is very successful. He is a **&lt;reputable career #1&gt;**. This **&lt;holiday&gt;** he gave his best friend **&lt;indicator of wealth #1&gt;**."   &amp;nbsp;  "My son is also very successful" the second man adds to the conversation, "he works as a **&lt;reputable career #2&gt;**. This **&lt;holiday&gt;** he gave his best friend **&lt;indicator of wealth #2&gt;**."   &amp;nbsp;  The third man interjects, "that's nice. My son is very successful too. He is a **&lt;reputable career #3&gt;**. He just gave his best friend **&lt;indicator of wealth #3&gt;** during **&lt;holiday&gt;**."  &amp;nbsp;  At that moment, the fourth guy returns to the group. "What are you guys talking about?" he asks.  &amp;nbsp;  "We are bragging about how great our sons are," one of them says, "how successful is your son?"  &amp;nbsp;  "Oh he's an unemployed homosexual," the fourth guy responded.  &amp;nbsp;  "Oh that's unfortunate."  &amp;nbsp;  "Not really," the guy says, "he has three boyfriends and during **&lt;holiday&gt;** they gave him **&lt;indicator of wealth #1&gt;**, **&lt;indicator of wealth #2&gt;**, and **&lt;indicator of wealth #3&gt;**."
A man walks into a bar... The man walks in and jumps on top of a table in the middle of the room. Everyone pauses and looks at him and he begins to sing.  "Aye was it you who did the pushin, left the stains upon the cushion, footprints on the dashboard upside doooown. Was it you, you sly little pecker, who got inside me daughter Rebecca cause if it was ya best leave this town!"  The whole bar stays silent for a moment and another man jumps on top of a table and begins to sing.  "Twas I who did the pushin, left the stains upon the cushion, footprints on the dashboard upside doowwwn. But since I've had your daughter, I've had trouble passing water, so I guess that makes us even all around"
A drunken man walks into a biker bar sits down at the bar and orders a drink. Looking around, he sees three men sitting at a corner table. He gets up, staggers to the table, leans over, looks the biggest, meanest, biker in the face and says: "I went by your grandma's house today and I saw her in the hallway buck naked. Man, she is one fine looking woman!" The biker looks at him and doesn't say a word. His buddies are confused, because he is one bad biker and would fight at the drop of a hat. The drunk leans on the table again and says: "I got it on with your grandma and she is good, the best I ever had!" The biker's buddies are starting to get really mad but the biker still says nothing. The drunk leans on the table one more time and says, "I'll tell you something else, boy, your grandma liked it!" At this point the biker stands up, takes the drunk by the shoulders looks him square in the eyes and says, "Grandpa,....... Go home, you're drunk.  edit: grammar
A cowboy walks into a bar... And takes a seat next to a very attractive woman. He gives her a quick glance then causally looks at his watch for a moment.   The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?" "No", he replies,"I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it.." The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What"s so special about it?" The cowboy explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically." The lady says, "What"s it telling you now?" Well, it says you're not wearing any panties." The woman giggles and replies "Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties!"   The cowboy smiles, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing's an hour fast."
Two man walk into a bar. Both order a beer. The barkeeper gives them their beers. One man says: Smells like piss. The other says: Tasts like piss. The barkeeper says: It is piss! Fin. 
A DNA molecule walks into a bar "What will it be?" asks the bartender.   "ATCGGCAGGCTTCAGTTGCA" says the DNA molecule.
A joke walks into /r/writingprompts .... It was a setup...
13 blackberries and 5 iPads walk into a bar They leave hammered.
A rope walks into a bar.. A rope walks into a bar, and the bartender says we don't serve ropes here. So the  rope goes outside and tangles himself all up and does his hair all funny, and walks back inside. And the bartender says "Aren't you the rope I just kicked out a moment ago?" And the rope says, " No I'm a frayed knot."
WALKS INTO A BAR... FREE DRINKS A man walks into a a bar, drinks a couple of beers, and prepares to leave. The bartender tells him he owes $8.  "But I already paid you. Don't you remember?" says the customer.  "OK," says the bartender, "if you say you paid, then I suppose you did."  The man goes outside and tells the first person he sees that the bartender can't keep track of whether his customers have paid or not. The second man rushes in, orders a couple beers, and later pulls the same stunt.  The barkeep replies, "OK, if you say you paid, then I suppose you did."  The customer goes outside and tells a friend how to get free drinks. The third man hurries into the bar and begins to drink highballs.  The bartender leans over and says, "You know, a funny thing happened tonight. Two men were drinking beer, neither paid, and both claimed they had. The next guy who tries that stunt is going to get punched in the -- "  The man interrupts, "Don't bother me with your troubles, bartender. Just give me my change and I'll be on my way."
A pencil walks into a bar The bartender says, "We don't serve your type here." The pencil yells back "Erasist!" 
Bob walks into a metal bar... ... and he says, "Ow!" because his ears were not able to handle the intensity of the music due to Bob being secluded in the  countryside his entire life.
A redditor from /r/legaladvice walks into a bar He proceeds to walk to a table in the back of the place.  The bartender comes over and asks if he is a lawyer.  The redditor replies "technically I have passed the bar"
Two hemophiliacs walk into a bar then they bleed to death
A man walks into a bar pulls out a revolver He shouts *"Everybody Listen Up!"* and the bar goes silent.   *"I have come home after working long shifts and i found out my wife is cheating on me, All I know is whoever it is comes to this bar!"*   He is obviously upset and he holds up his revolver and continues on to say *"This here is my great grandfathers trusty six shooter, If you sleep with my wife I'm not afraid to take your life"*   With a quiver in his voice he shouts at the top of his lungs *"IDENTIFY YOURSELF!"*         A voice is heard from the back of the bar *"You're going to need more bullets"*
Two men unexpectedly walk into a bar Bartender: "Sorry"
Satan walks into a bar. The bartender looks at him and says "Get the hell outta here!"
A neutron walks into a bar And asks, "how much the drink will cost?" The bartender says, "for you, no charge"
Helen Keller walks into a bar... and then a table. and then a chair. and then a reposted joke.
Man walks into a bar with a salamander. The bartender says, "Nice lizard. What's its name?"  "I call him Tiny because he's my newt."
A quantum physicist walks into a bar. The barkeep asks, "Can I get you a beer?"  The scientist says, "Probably."
A priest, a rabbi, and an imam walk into a bar... OW!    OW!    OW!   "What's that bar doing there?"
A cowboy walks into a bar... An old cowboy walks into a bar. A woman comes up to him and asks, "Excuse me sir, but are you a real cowboy?"  "That I am, ma'am," he says. "When I wake up in the morning, I'm thinking about my cattle. When I'm eating my breakfast and listening to the radio, I'm thinking about my cattle. When I'm cooking dinner out on the range, I'm thinking about my cattle, and when I'm asleep, I dream about my cattle. I reckon I'm about as close to a 'real cowboy' as they come. What about you, ma'am? What do you do for a living?"  "Well, believe it or not," she says, "I'm a lesbian pornstar."  "Huh," he says. "And are you a real lesbian?"  "That I am, sir," she says. "When I wake up in the morning, I'm thinking about women. When I'm taking my shower and doing my nails, I'm thinking about women. When I'm watching TV at night, I'm thinking about women, and when I'm asleep, I dream about women. I reckon I'm just as much a 'real lesbian' as you are a 'real cowboy.'"  "Well, to be honest," the cowboy replies. "I've always told everyone I'm a real cowboy, but hearing you talk now, I'm starting to think I might actually be a lesbian."
A man walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar, sits down and hears a small voice say, "You look nice today." A few minutes later he again hears a small voice, "That's a nice shirt." The guy asks the bartender, "Who is that?" The bartender says, "Those are the peanuts. They're complimentary!" 
A snake walks into a bar... And the bartender says "how did you do that?"
A man walks into a bar... ...wearing a hard hat and overalls, carrying a pickaxe in one hand and a lantern in the other. He sits down on a stool and orders a beer. The bartender takes one look at him and says:  "We don't serve miners here."
A man walks into a bar ...   The first thing the man sees is a big jug of twenty dollar bills.  He asks the bartender "What is with the jug"  "Oh it's for a competition, you have to give me twenty dollars and complete three tasks, if you complete them all then you will win the whole jug." the bartender responds with.  "Then what are the three tasks."  "The first one is you have to take 5 shots of vodka, the second one is you have to clip my mean dogs toe nails, and the third is, my grandma lives upstairs she is very old and as a gift she would like to have pleasure for one more night." he responds.  Instantly the man responds with a no and they carry on with their business.  As the night goes on the man keeps on drinking until he get very drunk and decides he will do the challenge.   He easily and completes the first challenge and moves on to the second.  The man makes it to the back where the dog is and closes the door.  There are a bunch of rumbles until the man comes out and says "Now where's the grandma that needs her toe nails cut."
A man walks into a brothel with $100 He comes out with $200 and shows his friends. "How did you make money in a brothel?" his friends ask. "It turns out if you can give one of the pros working there an orgasm they'll pay you" he brags.  Over the next few weeks his friends try their hands at it over and over again, but they never succeed in making any money.  Finally one of his friends says "I give up I've spent all my money. You must be a sex PhD."  The man says "Sex PhD just what it says on my business card. But I don't really have a degree I just own this brothel."
A pun, a play on words, and a double entendre walk into a bar... No joke.
Three Germans walk into a BAR They die.
Why did the Cowboys, Giants, and Redskins fans walk into a bar? To watch the Eagles play in the NFC championship game!
A man walks into a butcher's and says: "can I have a duck please?" The butcher answers: "sorry, we're out of duck. Would you like a chicken instead?" "That's okay" says the man. "But how do I tell my wife I shot a chicken?"
A nervous looking young man walks into a drug store A nervous looking young man walks into a drug store. He walks up to the counter and mutters, "Uh... hi... I'd like to buy some... condoms." Cashier replies, "sure thing! That'll be $9.75 including tax." The young man starts to panic and says, "Tacks?! I thought they stayed on by themselves!!!"
A man walks into a bar, gets way too drunk, and ends up puking all over his shirt. He says "Shit. If I go home like this, my wife is gonna be pissed." The bartender tells him "Here's what you do. Put a 10 dollar bill in your shirt pocket and tell her that some drunk guy puked on you, and he felt so bad that he gave you 10 dollars so you could get your shirt cleaned." The man says "Wow, that's a really good idea. That's exactly what I'll do." So the man eventually goes home, his wife sees him, and she asks what the hell happened. The man tells her the story about some drunk guy puking on him and giving him 10 dollars to clean his shirt since he felt bad. His wife says "Ok, but why is there *twenty* dollars in your pocket?" The man says "Oh yea, i forgot. He also shit my pants."
A baby seal walks into a club... Ouch.
A chimpanzee walks into a bar, sits down and slaps $100 cash down on the counter. Immediately, the bartender begins chasing him around the bar, knocking over glasses of customers as the chimp laughs his ass off. This goes on for about 5 minutes. After they both tire, the chimp tips the bartender $50 and leaves. The bartender chuckles, and goes back to work as if nothing happened. One incredulous customer says “well you’re just going to pretend like that wasn’t absolutely ridiculous?”  Bartender says “well sure, but a little monkey business never hurt anyone”
A drunk guy walks into a bar So a drunk guy walks into a bar and yells, "All lawyers are assholes"!  Guy at the back of the bar yells, "Hey I resent that!"  Drunk guy says "Why, are you a lawyer"?  Guy at the back of the bar says "No, I am an asshole!"
A big, bad dude walks into a bar. He yells, "Everybody to my left are assholes and everybody to my right are S.O.B.'s." A little old man gets up and starts walking. Dude yells, "Where do you think you are going?" Little old man says, " My wife said I'm on the wrong side."
A time traveler walks into a bar... The bartender says "we don't serve time travelers here." The time traveler looks at the bartender and says "it's about time!"
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar It was tense
A Dalmatian walks into a bar and orders a pilsner Actually, maybe it was an Air Bud Light, I don't know, my memory is all spotty
A three legged dog walks into a saloon and says I'm lookin' for the man who shot my paw.
A big burly black man with a Gray Parrot on his shoulder walks into the bar and... he sits down.  The bar tender walks over and says "We don't normally allow pets in here but he seems pretty tame so I'll let it slide"  The Parrot says "Thanks, he'll have a beer!"  Bemused the bar tender nods and pours the drink.  The man drinks it silently pays and leaves.  The next day the big burly black man and parrot on his shoulder walk back into the same bar without saying a word.  But the parrot orders again "Whiskey, please!"  Bar tender pours the drink and the man drinks it without saying a word, he pays and begins to leave.  "Wait, wait, wait" bartender says.  "I don't want to be rude but I really have to know where the hell did you get that thing!?"  Parrot responds "Africa, they're EVERYWHERE!"
A man walks into a parallel universe and sits down at the bar. In comes a priest, a rabbi and a minister
A man walks into a bar with a small turtle in his hand. The turtle has one black eye, two of its legs are twisted horrifically and it's shell is duct taped together.   The bartender, about to tie his German Shepard to the counter, asks the man, "Is your turtle OK?,"  "Better than that," the man responds, "This turtle is incredibly fast. In fact, go over to the other side of the bar and on the count of three call over that dog of yours. I bet $50 that my turtle can reach that side of the bar before your dog can."  Believing this is an easy $50, and that the man was mad, he accepts and walk to wall of the bar opposite to where his dog, the turtle and the man were. On the count of three, the bartender calls over his dog.   But suddenly, the man picks up his turtle, and throws it across the room, barely missing the bartender and smashing into the wall.   The man walks over to the horrified bartender and gleefully says, "Fifty bucks, please." 
The CEO of Ryanair, walks into a pub... Michael O'Leary, the CEO of Ryanair, walks into a pub. The he says to the bartender "Can I have a pint of beer?" The bartender says "Certainly, that'll be €0.50" He responds with "50 cents? That's wonderfully cheap!" But then the bartender tells him "And it'll be €1 for the glass, €3 if you want to sit down, €7 if you stand up, €15 to use the loo... "﻿
A pirate walks into a bar... With a ships wheel attached to the front of his pants. The bartender says "Hey captain did you know you have a wheel on your crotch?" The captain growls and says "Arg it's driving me nuts!"
A man walks into a bar 'Ouch' 
A skeleton walks into a bar A skeleton walks into a bar and says   "Bartender, I'll have a beer please . . . and a mop"﻿
Two giraffes walk into a bar They end up doing a bunch of shots, and after a while one of them passes out drunk on the floor. The other giraffe decides it's time to leave and drunkenly decides to leave his buddy behind. As he heads to the door the bartender shouts after him   "Hey, you can't just leave that lyin' there!"  So he shouts back at the bartender  "That's not a lion, it's a giraffe!"
A hyrdocephalic walks into a bar and orders a drink. You can tell he's thirsty because he's got water on the brain.
A man walks into a bar and the barman asks him.. Would you like to drink some scotch while doing a doggystyle while inhaling some drugs? The man said: ehquwhgyqwgeugequwheuhewqheqweqwtqeiyqwyeqiuyeuqw  WOW! WOW! WOW! you walked into a dick! wow! suck my dickenson! s ss s WOULDDDDDDEIEDOIDEO s s S SU SUC SUCC SUC SU S
An existentialist walks into a bar...... ..... Oh, what's the point of all of this anyway...... 
Three Mexicans walk into a bar... 5 minutes later Donald Trump walks into the bar.  Then 10 minutes later a child molester walks into the bar.  30 minutes later a gymnast walks up to the bar and looks around to see 3 Mexicans, Donald Trump and a child molester knocked out cold.  He comments, "Jesus Christ, is everyone blind here?" and does 3 pull-ups on the bar.
The head coach of the Cleveland Browns walks into a bar after chopping some wood. The bartender says "That's a huge axe son."
2 scientists walk into a bar ... And the bar man says "what can I get you? " The first scientist says "H2O please." and the other says "I'll get some H20 2."  Oops.
A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. Unfortunately, the beer doesn't understand English commands. But the bartender can speak easy.
A black man walks into a job office He goes the the clerk's desk, slams his fist and says, *"I'm sick and tired of living off welfare. I want a job."*  *"You're lucky"*, the clerk says. *"We've got an opening you'll like."*  *"A local billionaire needs a chauffeur for his nympho daughter and her friends. Fast cars, champagne, and tropical resorts await you. You start with an annual paycheck of $ 120,000"*  The black man is stunned, *"Wow! You've gotta be shitting me!"*  *"Well, you started it."*
A man and a Giraffe walk into a bar. The Giraffe gets drunk and falls on the floor unconscious. The bartender says "you can't leave that lyin' there." The man says "its not a Lion, its a Giraffe"
A smoking hot girl walks into a bar. A guy at the bar says, "Wow, you're gonna get laid tonight!"   She replies, "Hehe, how do you know?"   He replies, "Because I'm stronger than you."
A white man, a black man, a Latino and an Asian walk into a bar together. Nah, just jokin'
A guy walks into a bar... Whoops, wrong pub.
A jumper cable walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says, "I'll serve ya but don't start anything."
A bear walks into a bar And says, "I want a .......................................................... Beer".    The bartender goes, "why the long pause"    The bear says, "They got stuck in an elevator door"
An Englishman walks into a pub in London As he approaches the bar he hears two women speaking with heavy accents.   "Are you ladies from Scotland?" He asks.   "It's Wales, actually!" One of the woman replies.   "Sorry." says the man "Are you whales from Scotland?"
A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat.. Before he can order a beer, the bowl of pretzels in front of him says "Hey, you're a handsome fellow." The man tries to ignore the bowl of pretzels, and orders a fine Pilsner beer. The bowl of pretzels then says "Ooooh, a pilsner, great choice. You're a smart man." Starting to freak out, the guy says to the bartender "Hey what the hell, this bowl of pretzels keeps saying nice things to me!" Bartender says "Don't worry about it, the pretzels are complimentary."
Three men walk into a bar.. .. You think one of them would have seen it
Guy walks into a bar And sees a sign that reads  "Cheese sandwiches  $2.00 Hand jobs  $10.00"  He asks the bartender. "Excuse me,but are you the lady that gives the hand jobs?"  She says "Yes I am"  He says "Wash those hands and fix me a cheese sandwich"
A one third Mexican, one third Chinese, and one third Black man walks into a bar... First, they kick him out of America because he's Mexican. Then they think better of it and bring him back in the country, but don't let him in the bar because he's Chinese, then they think better of it again and let him back in the bar to lynch him because he's black.
A roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers, and says "Five beers please" 'Not my joke"
Moses walks into a bar And says "I'll just halve water"
A drunk walks into a bar orders a shot and and immediately pukes all over his own shirt. "Wha' my gonna do now? My wifez gonna kill me."  "Relax," the bartender says, "give me a five-dollar bill." The bartender folds up the bill and puts it in the guy's shirt pocket. "Tell your wife some drunk puked on you and gave you five bucks to have your shirt cleaned."  "Thass a great idea!"  When the drunk gets home his wife answers the door. "Where have you been? What happened to your shirt?"  He tries to put on a sober voice and says, "Relaaax honey, some drunk guy puked on me and gave me five bucks to have my shirt cleaned."  The drunk's wife reaches in his pocket, grabs the money, and says, "There's $10 in here!"  "Oh yeah, he sh*t my pants, too."
Two guys walk into a bar They each order a drink.  The first guy eventually turns to the other and says, "I fucked your mother."   The second guy says, "Okay. Let's have another drink."   After they each finish their next drink, the first guy turns to the other and says, "I fucked your mother."   The second guy thinks nothing of it and says, "Okay, just one more drink," so they order another round at the bar and proceed to finish their drinks.  Finally, the first guy turns to the other and yells, "I fucked your mother!" The second guy can't take it anymore and says, "Okay dad it's time to go home, you're drunk."     
The three wise men walk into a barn... ...and see Joseph, Mary, and baby Jesus. Joseph asks why they are disturbing them as his wife had just given birth and needed rest. The first wise man said "I have brought gold for the child."  Joseph thanked him but ask that they leave. Then the second wise man said "I have brought frankincense for the child."  Again Joseph thanked him but was getting annoyed as they were interrupting a special moment between him and his wife. He then, forcefully, asked then to leave when the third wise man said "But wait there's myrrh!"
Short little asian guy walks into a bar and up to the counter and asks the black bartender in his thick asian accent... EDIT: my failed attempt to entertain the masses was unfortunately canned by the PC SJW's of reddit who frankly don't even have a clue what a jigger even is. The intelligence level of this community is fucking pathetic as fuck.   ... "hey nigga, how about a jigga". The black bartender looks at him in utter shock and disbelief and asks the patron to repeat himself. The short asian man replies again "hey nigga, how about a jigga".   Well needless to say, this fine articulated African American bartender was at this point a little more than ruffled at the short little slanty eyed bigot standing before him, so he says "how would you like it, if you had to work this bar and if I were to walk up to you and say... hey chink, how about a drink?'"   The Asian man looks down at the bar with his hand up to his chin thinking thoughtfully and responds in his thick asian accent "aaaahhhso.... I see what you mean. The only way I know, is if we twade place to find out".   So that's what they did. The black bartender walking outside and the short Asian man taking his place behind the bar. The black bartender turns and walks back into the bar and up to the counter and says the Asian bartender "hey chink, how about a drink!"  The Asian man sighs deeply, and with his thick asian accent responds "oh..... I'm so very very sowy..... we no serve nigga here."
A 3 legged dog walks into an Old West Saloon... As he enters a hush falls over the establishment. The piano stops playing, poker games halt as all eyes are on this dog as he walks up to the bar. The 3 legged dog slowly takes out his gun and rests it on the bar top. The barkeep says "What can I do for ya" to which the 3 legged dog sternly replies "I'm looking for the man who shot my Paw."
A panda walks into a bar Goes to the bar and orders some food, then sits down and eats. Once finished he stands up pulls out two pistols and shots the place up.  The barman having ducked behind the bar stands up and says "Oi panda, what the hell are you doing?" The panda stops at the door, turns around and says "I'm a panda, look it up" Then proceeds to leave. The barman pulls out his dictionary and finds   PANDA ˈpandə/ noun a large bear-like mammal with characteristic black-and-white markings, native to certain mountain forests in China.  Eats: shoots and leaves
Two men walk into a research facility Two men walk into a research lab.  The first one says, "I'll have H20". The second one continues, "I'll have some H20 too". The second guy dies later. 
A woman walks into her accountant’s office and tells him that she needs to file her taxes. The accountant says,  "Before we begin, I’ll need to ask a few questions.”  He gets her name, address, social security number, etc. and then asks,  "What is your occupation?”  The woman replies,  "I’m a whore.”  The accountant pauses and says,  "No, no, no. That will never work.  That is much too crass.  Let’s try to rephrase that.” The woman,  "Ok, I’m a prostitute.”  "No, that is still too crude. Try again.”  They both think for a minute, then the woman states,  "I’m a chicken farmer.”  The accountant asks,  "What does chicken farming have to do with being a whore or a prostitute?”  "Well, I raised over 1,000 cocks last year.”
A rabbit walks into a bar on Monday And asks the bartender if he any carrot juice. Bartender says no. Tuesday comes and the rabbit walks into the same bar and asks the bartender if he has any carrot juice. Bartender says no. Same thing happens every day of the week. On Sunday, the rabbit walks into the bar. The bartender goes "If you ask me again if I have carrot juice I'll nail your ears to the counter!". The rabbit asks "Do you have any nails?". "No" the bartender replies. "Then, do you have any carrot juice?"
Lady walks into a bar carrying a duck. Bartender "Hey, we don't serve pigs in here!"  Lady "Excuse me but this is a duck. "  Bartender "I was talking to the duck. "
Two protons walk into a bar... And see three electrons in a corner. One turns to the other says they should leave. The other asks him why and he says "I don't like them, the always turn everything so negative".
A little man walks into a bar, and on the way in he steps in a pile of dog shit... He totally wipes out and lands on his ass. He gets up and dusts himself off and continues into the bar.  A few minutes later a big guy is walking into the same bar and also steps in the same plie of dog shit and also wipes out. Same as the little guy, he gets up and dusts himself off and continues into the bar. He sits down besides the little guy. The little guy motions to the pile of dog shit by the door, "I just did that!" he exclaims...the big guy punches him in the mouth.
[NSFW] So a man walks into a pub. There is a jar of money on the bar... He asks the bartender "what's with the jar of money?" The bartender tells him there is a few tasks, and if he can complete them, he can have all the money in it. Without hesitation, the man asks what those tasks are.  The bartender says "First, you must drink this entire bottle of vodka straight, and finish it in less than 15 minutes."  "Not so bad" the man thought while looking at the money. 26 ounces isn't too hard to drink...  The bartender then tells him "After that, there is a savage pitbull that we keep for protection in the alley, he is about 150lbs, mean, and has a tooth that needs to be extracted."  The man thinks about this for awhile, comes up with a strategy, and agrees.  "Finally" says the bartender. "There is an old woman upstairs, she is 82 years old, and has never been sexually satisfied in her life. Your last task is just that, and then the money is yours."  The man decides he is up to the task. He grabs the bottle of vodka and downs the whole thing in 14.5 minutes. He staggers off the barstool, piss drunk, outside to the next task.  After about 45 minutes of barking, screaming, fighting, and sounds of horror coming from the alley, the man stumbles inside.   Bloodied, drunk, and disoriented he looks at the bartender and slurs...  "So wheres the old lady with the bad tooth?"
So yet another snake walks into a bar... He asks the bartender,   "Gimme a shot of Jack!"   "No sir."   "Well why not?" The snake said.   "You can't hold your liquor!"
A family walks into a hotel... ... The father goes to the front desk and says "I hope the porn is disabled." The guy at the desk replies. "It's just regular porn you sick fuck"
A man walks into a bar He needs to watch where he's going
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender says, "Hey!"  The horse replies, "you read my mind!"
A man walks into a bar with a frog on his head. Bartender goes, "That's cool!  Where'd you get that?"  And the frog says, "I don't know.  Started out as a bump on my butt." 
Two scientists walk into a bar The first orders some H2O, the second exclaims "I'll have some H2O too!  The bartender, deciding not to be a dinosaur hammer, gives the scientist water instead of showing off his chemistry skills, preventing the second scientist from dying.
A man walks into a library and asks for a book on suicide The librarian says "fuck off, you won't bring it back"
So a Scottish guy walks into a bakery... and points to the shelf, then asks the Baker in a harsh Scottish accent "Is this a Macaroon or a Meringue?"  The Baker Replies with "No you were right, it's a Macaroon".
a man walks into a bar, the day after quitting drinking he sits at his usual spot at the bar &amp; orders only a water. The bartender says tells him " thats not a real drink &amp; how come?" the man replies that he got too drunk last night and blew chunks. The bartender tells him "that's okay, people throw up sometimes when you drink to much and that it isn't a good enough reason to quit drinking." the man replies " No, you don't understand. Chunks is my dog."
A QA tester walks into a bar... and orders 1 beers  and orders 5 beers  and orders 9999 beers  and orders -1 beers  and orders foobar beers
A man walks into a bar and sees his friend sitting beside a 12-inch pianist.  He says to his friend, "That's amazing. How did you get that?"  The man pulls out a bottle and tells him to rub it and make a wish. He rubs the bottle, and a puff of smoke pops out and tells him that he can have one wish. So the man thinks and says, "I wish I had a million bucks."  The genie says, "OK, go outside, and your wish will be granted."  The man goes outside, but all he finds are ducks filling the sky and roads. He goes back in and tells his friend what happened, and his friend replies, "I know. Did you really think I wanted a 12-inch pianist?"
A lizard walks into a bar  pushing a baby in a stroller. "What's your kid's name?" asks the bartender. "Tiny," says the lizard. "Because he's my newt."  
A duck walks into a pharmacy. He approaches the pharmacist at the counter and says, "I need some ointment for this rash on my beak." The pharmacist replies, "Sorry, we don't have medicine for ducks here."
A duck walks into a bar... One lunchtime a duck walks into a pub and orders a pint of beer and an all day breakfast.  The bartender looks at him and says, "Fucking hell! You're a duck."   "I see your eyes are working," replies the duck.   "And you can talk!" exclaims the bartender.   "I see your ears are working, too," says the duck. "Now if you don't mind, can I have my beer and my fry up please?"   "Certainly, sorry about that" says the bartender as he pours the duck a pint. "It's just we don't get many ducks in this pub. What are you doing around this way?"   "I'm working on the building site across the road," explains the duck. "I'm a plasterer."   The flabbergasted bartender cannot believe the duck and wants to learn more, but takes the hint when the duck pulls out a newspaper from his bag and proceeds to read it.   So, the duck reads his paper, drinks his beer, eats his fry up, bids the barman good day and leaves.   The same thing happens every lunchtime for two weeks.   Then one day the circus comes to town.   The ringmaster comes into the pub for a pint and the bartender says to him:   "You're with the circus, aren't you? Well, I know this duck that could be just brilliant in your circus. He talks, drinks beer, eats fry ups, reads the newspaper and everything!"   "Sounds marvelous," says the ringmaster, handing over his business card. "Get him to give me a call."   So the next day when the duck comes into the pub the bartender says, "Hey Mr. Duck, I reckon I can line you up with a top job, paying really good money."   "I'm always looking for the next job," says the duck. "Where is it?"   "At the circus," says the bartender.   "The circus?" repeats the duck.   "That's right," replies the bartender.   "The fucking circus?" the duck asks again. "With the big TENT?"   "Yeah!" the bartender replies.   "With all the animals who live in CAGES, and performers who live in CARAVANS?" says the duck.   "Of course," the bartender replies.   "And the tent has CANVAS sides and a big canvas roof with a fucking big hole in the middle?" says the duck.   "That's right!" says the bartender.   The duck shakes his head in amazement, and says: "Why the fuck would they want a plasterer?"
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel attached to his belt... He sits down and opens reddit to read a joke about semen crossing the road. 
A Higgs Boson walks into a Church and is told to leave He says 'but you can't have mass without me!'
An Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a pub... ...and immediately upon walking in a Scottish brogue shouts out "**Drinks for the house, on me!**". The next day, the local newspaper's headline reads: *Irish Ventriloquist Found Beaten to Death Behind Pub*.  *Shamelessly stolen from Seamus Kennedy.
Two anthropologists walk into bar One of them squints into the murky lounge and says "I hate these places with low lighting". The other replies "Yeah I know! I'll buy someone a drink and they are really great, and then we go outside and half the time it's a guy!"
An infinite number of mathematicians walks into a bar.... The first order 1 beer, the second 2 beers, the third 3, and so on...  Without drinking anything, they gave the bartender 1/12 of a beer and left.
A guy walks into a bar... .and sees a gorgeous woman nursing a drink. Walking up behind her he says: "Hi there, good looking'. How's it going?" Having already downed a few power drinks, she turns around, faces him, looks him straight in the eye and says: "Listen up, buddy. I screw anybody, anytime, anywhere, your place, my place, in the car, front door,back door, on the ground, standing up, sitting down, naked or with clothes on,dirty, clean... It just doesn't matter to me. I've been doing it ever since I got out of college and I just flat-ass love it." Eyes now wide with interest, he responds: "No kidding. I'm a lawyer too. What firm are you with?"
Three Germans walk into a BAR And die.
An iPhone user walks into a bar... Or a field or an hotel or maybe Pyongyang.   Even he's not sure.
So a gorilla walks into a bar... ...and gets two shots. 
A robot man walks into a robot restaurant. A robot waiter approaches and asks him for his robot order.  The robot man orders a robot steak.  The robot waiter asks him how he wants his robot steak prepared. The robot man replies, "Weld on".
You guys heard this one about the deaf guy who walks into a bar? Neither has he.
A SEO specialist walks into a bar... Pub, tavern, hostelry, Inn, coach house, restaurant, watering hole, speakeasy... 
A man walks into a bar... and the bartender says, "I'm sorry, but I can't serve you unless you are wearing a tie."   The man says, "Okay, I'll be right back," and goes to his car to find anything he can use for a tie.  All he finds is a set of jumper cables, so he ties them around his neck, goes back inside and asks, "How's this?"   The bartender replies, "Well, okay. Just don't start anything."
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The 1st one asks for 1 beer  The 2nd one asks for a reduction of 1/2 beer  The 3rd one asks for 1/3 of a beer  The 4th person asks to take away 1/4 of a beer  The bartender says "I can see where this is going" and gives the customers 2 wooden logs and a beer.  "That's not what we ordered!"  "I thought you wanted ln2 beers."
A man walks into a library to rent a book. He goes up to the librarian and asks,  "Do you have any books on suicide?"  She angrily looks at him and shouts, "Fuck you, you'll never return it!" 
A pirate walks into a bar A pirate walks into a bar with a ship's steering wheel attached to his crotch. The bartender asks "Doesn't that hurt?" The pirate replies, "Yar, it's driving me nuts!"
Guy walks into a bar... ...and the place is packed. Fortunately, someone was just leaving, so he takes the stool and orders a beer. Someone further in stands up and yells "Twenty-three!" eliciting a round of laughter. Guy shrugs it off and drinks his beer.   Another patron stands and yells "Hundred-thirty-two!" and again, everyone laughs. Intrigued, guy turns to the bartender.   "Hey, what's this with the numbers?"   "Well, we know all the jokes so well that we just numbered them. That way you don't have to tell the entire joke. Go ahead, try it."  Guy stands up and yells "Three hundred-seventeen!" and it's pandemonium. People are laughing, crying, falling off chairs, spilling their drinks, rolling on the floor.   Guy turns to the bartender again. "What the hell just happened?"  The bartender gasps out between roars of laughter, "We've never heard that one."
One day...(walks into a bar) One day, Stephen Hawking walks into a bar.  Nah, just kidding.
A man walks into a bar. He notices that there's a piece of meat hanging from the ceiling and asks the bartender what that's about. "If you can jump up and slap the meat," the bartender says, "you get free drinks for the night. But if you miss, you pay for everyone's drinks for the next hour. So how about it, wanna give it a go?" The man looks at the meat and says, "Nah, the steak's too high." 
A Horse Walks into a Bar... He approaches the bartender and says, "If there is a triangle with three sides labeled x, y, and z, and x and z are perpendicular to each other, which side is the hypotenuse?"  The bartender thinks for a moment, then replies, "Y, the long face."
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad..... One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says “Oh just a beer”. The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong,why are you so down today?”. The man said “My wife and i got into a fight,and she said she would’nt talk to me for a month”. The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”? The man siad “Well the month is up tonight”.
Hellen Keller walks into a bar... Then a stool. Then a table. 
An F# walks into a bar and dies, it was accidental. 
So three Nazis walk into a BAR Guess they just wanted some shots
A kid walks into a bar... A man told the kid, "I did your mom last night."  The kid said, "Alright dad, its time to go home."
A man walks into a pet shop and says to the owner. "Ok I want to buy a pet, but I don't want a boring or normal pet - no cats, dogs, or birds - I want something different." The pet shop owner informs him that he has a talking centipede. "Really?," the main replied, "How much?" The owner informs him that the talking centipede is $50. Happy with the unusual offering, the man pays the money and takes his new pet home. On getting home he lays the match box with the centipede in it on the table, opens it and says "Hello Mr. Centipede, fancy going to the pub for a few drinks?" The centipede says nothing. Figuring it must be tired from the journey, he decides to leave it for an hour and try again later. An hour later he opens the match box and says "Hello Mr. centipede, fancy going to the pub for a few drinks?" The centipede again says nothing. Starting to get suspicious the man decides he will give it one more hour, and if the centipede doesn't talk, he will take it back to the shop for a refund. An hour later the man opens the match box and says "Hello Mr. centipede, fancy going to the pub for a few drinks!?" The centipede says "I heard you the first time!!! I'm putting my shoes on!"
A traveler walks into a stable... After watching the traveler look around in the stables, the man who owns it says to him:  "You like the handiwork of these stables? Built it myself, I cut down the trees, and milled the logs myself. And don't even get me started on the masonry, but does anyone call me Hofgir the carpenter? No."  "You see my servant over there? I taught him everything he knows about takin' good care of these horses, but does anyone call me Hofgir The Teacher? No."  "Look at my arms." He said as he rolled up his sleeves and flexed his biceps "Probably the strongest nord in all of Skyrim! But do they call me Hofgir The Strong? No."  "But ya crush one horse..."  
A German walks into a bar... He sees a Jew sitting in the corner. He frowns. He says to the bartender, "I'll buy a round, for everyone but the Jew." The Jew smiles. The German asks the bartender, and he just shrugs. So, the German does it again. The Jew smiles even more. Now, the German is pissed. He asks the bartender again, what's wrong with him?   The bartender tells him "He's the owner, and he thanks you for your patronage."
Guy walks into work with two black eyes Bill walked into work on Monday with two black eyes.  His friend, Jay, sees this and spits his coffee half way across the break room and exclaims, "Holy Crap, Bill!  What happened to your face??"    Bill says, " Well, I was at church yesterday minding my own business and an older lady comes back from the bathroom and stands in the pew in front of me. Her dress was tucked into her panty hose, so I thought I would be nice and pull it out for her, gently. She turns around, thinking I was trying to cop a feel on her butt and punched me in the face and gave me a black eye in my right eye!"  Jay looks at him quizzically and asks, "If she punched in the right eye for pulling her dress out of her panty hose, how did you get a black eye in the other one?"  Bill exclaims, "I put it back!"
An Englishman, a Scotsman, and an Irishman walk into a bar... Each man orders a pint of lager and sits down.  The bartender delivers their beers, and as soon as he does, three large flies that have been buzzing around the bar land in each of their glasses.  "Bloody hell!", says the Englishman in disgust.  "What a perfectly good waste of a perfectly fine pint!"  And he pushes his beer aside, untouched.  "Ah, no bother." says the Scotsman, who plucks the fly from his beer and flicks it aside.  "A wee fly never did me no harm."  Then, both men turn their attention to the Irishman, who is shaking his fly upside down over the glass, and yelling, "SPIT IT OUT, YA THIEVING BASTARD!!"
A gorilla walks into a bar. It gets 2 shots. One is vodka and the other one is a gunshot. Rip Harambe.
A man walks into a bar And realizes his terrible drinking habits are tearing his family apart.
The past, the present and the future walk into a bar... It was tense.
The presidential candidates walk into a bar... Bernie Sanders sits on a bench, asks for one beer, and pays for 1/100th of the beer, claiming the commune should share the wealth and the fees.  Marco Rubio, after drinking neat scotch all his life, tries to taste Donald Trump's Vodka and almost gets kicked out of the bar altogether.   Hillary Clinton tried to walk in the bar, but the was already stumbling on her way in, and the people inside didn't want her drinking with them because she doesn't know how to keep a secret.  Donald Trump came in, kicked the door, threw a beer at Marco Rubio, sat on Jeb Bush's chair, ordered the bar's most expensive bollte of vodka and threw it on the bartender's face. And for that, the people in the bar loved him.  Ted Cruz didn't attend this meeting. It was at a bar, so his religion wouldn't let him. Besides, it was on Bible studying time. 
A panda walks into a bar... And eats some beer nuts, he then pulls out a gun fires it in the air heads for the door. "Hey!" shouts the bartender and the panda yells back "I'm a panda google me" and sure enough 'panda: a tree climbing mammal with distinct black and white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves.'
3 logicians walk into a bar the bartender asks,"Do all of you want a drink?"  The first logician says,"I don't know"  The second logician says,"I don't know"  The third logician says,"Yes!"
Jim Morrison walks into the living room and startles his mother His mother goes, "I didn't even hear you come in. I was keeping an eye on the front door waiting for you to come."   He replies, "Well I am more of a back door man"
A German and a Frenchman walk into a bar. After buying the German a beer, the Frenchman asks where his is from.  "Auschwitz," the German replies.  "Is it weird living there, especially with its history?" The Frenchman asks.  "Yes, but the services are incredible."  "Oh really?"  "Yes. Cheap gas and free showers."
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel down his pants The bartender says, "That looks uncomfortable."  "Aye," says the pirate, "it be driving me nuts."
Guy walks into a bar... Guy walks into a bar and the bartender tells him he sells apples that taste like any drink he wants wants....  He decides to order an apple that taste like Gin and Tonic.... he takes a bite and he tastes Gin, bartender tells him to turn it around and try the other side, he does and it tastes like Tonic....  So he decides to order another... asks for one that tastes like a rum and coke....takes a bite, and he tastes rum, bartender tells him to turn it around, he tastes coke on the other side.....  So he decides to be a smart-ass and tells the bartender he wants an apple that tastes like PUSSY.... to his surprise the bartender hands him an apple..... he takes a bite and says "THIS APPLE TASTE LIKE SHIT!!!"  Bartender says "TURN IT AROUND"
A skeleton walks into a bar, And orders a beer and a mop.
A white supremacist, racist, and antisemite walk into a bar Oh wait, that's the White House
Two cops walk into a bar... I don't know what happened after because I got the hell out of there!
A rich, an average, and a poor vampire walk into a vampire bar... Rich Vampire: I'll have the most expensive pure blood you have. Average Vampire: Just your regular blood please. Poor Vampire: Do you have hot water? I found a used tampon, I'm having tea.
A pair of jumper cables walk into a bar The bar tender looks at him for a few seconds and finally says " alright, you can stay..just don't start anything" 
Big Smoke walks into a bar He ordered two number nines, a number nine large, a number six with extra dip, a number seven, two number forty-fives, one with cheese, and a large beer.
A joke walks into a bar... Joke: "What's the difference between a gun and a feminist?"  Bartender: "Ah, #2768, it's nice to see you again!"
The past the present and the future walk into a bar It was tense
A jounalist walks into an abbey As he was interviewing a monk, he hears a strange heavenly sound.  "What was that?", he asked.  The monk replied: "It's a secret."  "A secret?!"  "Nobody knows what it is, not even the US president. However, we can tell you if you become a Hebbernous monk, like us."  Baffled, the journalist thought it would be an award-winning subject for his interview.  "Well, what does it take to become a Hebbernous monk?"  The monk replied: "First, you have to memorize the whole bible."  "Challenge accepted."  The journalist went back home and spent one month memorizing every verse of the bible. Then, he went back to the abbey.  "Here's a complete video of me reciting the bible."  "Great job." The monk said. "Now, you have to build ten monasteries in ten different countries. Don't worry, our generous abbey will pay for you."  "Uhm... Okay, deal"  Two months have passed and ten monasteries were indeed built in ten different countries. The next day, the journalist went back to the abbey.  "Am I a monk now?"  "Not yet. You have to help 1,000 families in Africa by finding them a home and a steady income."  "DAM- I mean, yeah, piece of cake."  It took the journalist three months to help all the families. Exhausted, he rushed back to the abbey.  "Tell me, am I finally a monk?!"  The monk said, "Congratulations, you're officially a Hebbernous monk! So, you want to know what is this heavenly music coming from behind that door?"  "YES! TELL ME!"  "I'll let you discover it by yourself. Here's the key."  As the journalist opened the door, he finally saw the source of this mysterious sound.  But I won't tell you what it is, you're not a Hebbernous monk.
Guy walks into a bar with two Bananas in his ears... Guy walks into a bar with two Bananas in his ears... Bartender says "Hey man, what's up with the Bananas?!?" Guy says "What?"
3 vampire walk into a bar 3 vampire walk into a bar. First one orders hot blood, second one orders cold blood and the last one orders hot water. They ask the last one: - What the hell?! Aren't you vampire? Why don't you order blood.  The last one takes out the used sanitary ped and says: -Dude, i prefer tea bag.
A pirate walks into a bar... A pirate with a peg leg, hook hand, eyepatch, and a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar. The bartender asks how he got the peg leg.   "Well", says the pirate, "I fell into the sea and had to fight off a shark, but he ate me leg."   "What about the hook hand?" Pirate: "Me vessel got boarded by some scallywags and I lost me hand in the fight."  "Well, how about the eyepatch?"  "Ol' Polly here pooped in me eye!"  The bartender was confused and asked how that could possibly make him lose his eye. The pirate responds: "First day with the hook."
A Bicycle and a Unicycle walk into a bar... A bicycle and a unicycle are thirsty so they walk into a bar. The unicycle says, "AAAAAAAAAAHH." The bicycle asks the unicycle what's wrong and the unicycle says   "I'm sorry Greg, I just can't handle bars"
A criminal, a communist, and a billionaire walk into a bar... A criminal, a communist, and a billionaire walk into a bar and the bouncer points to the exit sign and says "I'm sorry but you must be lost.  The 2016 presidential election is that way."
A feminist and a hipster walk into a bar A feminist and a hipster walk into a bar. The hipster orders the most obscure IPA in the building, and the feminist complains that the bartender is a male and a woman should be there working instead.  The bartender tells them both there are bigger problems and that the bar is on the look out for Decepticons. The bartender starts to explain what a Decepticon is when the feminist cuts him off and demands he stops man-splaining as she is a strong, intelligent woman and that Decepticons are evil because there are no female Decepticons.   The hipster adjusts his fedora and explains that Decepticons were really the only cool part about Transformers because the good guys were too clichéd.   The blender screams to shut up and, without warning, brutally murders the hipster and the feminist. The bar crowd cheers, the bartender and the blender have a good laugh and the blender runs out the door.
So, a rope walks into a bar. The bartender says, "No, you can't come in. No ropes allowed!" The rope responds saying "Fine, I'll just take my business elsewhere!" So the rope goes to another bar and the same thing happens. The bartender says " No, you can't come in. No ropes allowed!" So the rope leaves, and suddenly gets an idea. The rope ties himself into a knot and walks into a new bar. The bartender, again, responds "Sorry, no ropes allowed" So the rope says " Who is a rope?" The bartender says " You." The rope responds with" No, I'm knot.  EDIT: I never ripped it off. I got an idea for a "walks into a bar." joke when i was surfing these jokes.
A gorilla, a lion, and Trayvon Martin walk into a bar Yes, I know. I'm going to hell.
Three blondes walk into a bar You think one of them would have seen it 
A bee walks into a bar He sits down and starts chatting up the bar keep. Going on and on about how he'd never sleep with a woman unless she is 5'9" tall, has a 39" bust, an 18" waist, 33" hips and a size 3 shoe, weigh 110 pounds and have a BMI of 16.24. The bartender says "Hey man, if you don't stop glorifying and perpetuating unrealistic beauty standards in my establishment, you're gonna have to take a hike!" The bee says "I can't help it, I'm a Bar Bee!"
The past, the present and the future walk into a bar... It was tense.
A blind man walks into a bookstore with his seeing eye dog... He picks the dog by the tail and starts swinging him around.    A clerk sees this and asks,"Sir may I help you?"   "No thanks, we're just looking around."
So two guys walk into a bar... The first one orders h20, the second one says "I'll have h20 too".  The second guy died.
A moth walks into a podiatrist's office and says, "I didn't steal this joke, I swear!" A moth goes into a podiatrists office. "Come in," says the podiatrist, "What's the problem?" The moth drops down into the nearest chair and says "What's the problem? I don't even know where to start. First of all, my boss is a vicious tyrant who gets off on the petty torments he puts me through day in and day out, and I'm too spineless to stand up to him, so I just take it and I've gradually come to hate myself for it. Also, every morning I wake up to the same prune-face old crone to whom I pledged my vows so many years ago. I used to love her, but that love has become like some sun-festering beached whale trying to die. We lost our daughter last year to one of the bitterest, coldest winters we've ever had to face in this region. Isn't it funny, doc, how all the prayer circles and charity drives in the world amount to pretty much nothing in the face of that cold, impartial face of winter, that bleak, pounding, harsh fist of a callous environment, carrying on with its machinations without regard to our lives, loves, hopes and dreams? Isn't that hysterical, Doc? Oh and then there's my son. Doc, I don't love him anymore. I don't know what it is but I look in his eyes and I see that same harried look of gutless cowardice that I see when I stare at my own face in the mirror. If I wasn't such a coward, Doc, I know I'd be able to scrape together enough pride to grab that cocked and loaded shotgun I keep by the bedside table, and just run amok and put an end to this grim facade once and for all. I start with the wife, then the boy of course before putting the barrell in my own mouth. Believe you me, Doc, I'd be doing the world a favor. I have nothing to look forward to but a continuation of this spiraling black hole that is my life, this existential cesspool that is the perpetuation of my lingering skid-mark on society. I despise people yet I crave their approval. I'm judgemental yet I care about nothing. I'm bitter, hateful and afraid. I'm alive yet I feel like the walking dead. This is it, Doc: I am a living, breathing, disease." The doctor stares at him for a while then finally says "Jeez, Moth, you definitely have some problems. But I'm a podiatrist. You need a psychiatrist. Why'd you come in here?" The moth says,"Your light was on."
Goku walks into a bar and some tough guy immediately picks a fight with him. Kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-Meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee  Next time on dragonball Z!
A Preist, a Rabbi and a Terroist walk into a bar, BOOM
Stevie Wonder walks into a bar... And a table...... and a chair
A prisoner walks into a bar *some bars  FTFM
A man walks into a bar... sits down, orders a drink and starts sipping on it. A very attractive woman walks over next to him and orders a drink from the bar tender. While she is waiting for the drink, she can't help but notice out of the corner of her eye that the man sitting next to her keeps looking her up and down and then back at his watch. After he does this several times, she turns to him and asks "Why do you keep looking at me and back at your watch?" to which he replies, "Well you see, my watch is magical. It tells me what other people are wearing. Right now it's saying you aren't wearing any underwear." Confused and slightly taken aback, she retorts, "Well I am wearing underwear, so it must be broken". The man looks down at his drink, his brow slightly furrowed, and she turns back to watching the bartender making her drink. A few seconds pass, and finally the problem dawns on the man, "Oh yeah! Miss, do you want to come to my room with me?" Getting fed somewhat fed up with his antics, she turns back to him and says "Why?". "Because. The damn thing is an hour fast!"
A Redditor walks into a bar... The bartender says, 'What'll it be?"  The Redditor replies, "No thanks. I'm not old enough."
So a chicken walks into a library and says, "bock". Sounding like "book", the librarian hands him a a book. He takes it and goes merrily on his way. Then the next day ... The chicken says "bock bock", and the librarian hands him two books. Away he went. The third day, chicken says "bock bock bock", and the librarian hands him three books. And so on until the fifth day, when the chicken says "bock bock bock bock bock", the librarian hands him five books and follows him to see what he's doing with all these books. There is a frog sitting across the way that the chicken takes the books to. The librarian, confused but curious, continues to follow the chicken. The chicken approaches the frog, says "bock bock bock bock bock", places the five books into the frogs hands. The frog responds by tossing each book aside one by one, "reddit reddit reddit reddit reddit"! Honest question: Is this jokey enough, or do I need to take my bullshit to dadjokes?
A Roman walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says to the bartender, "Five beers, please." 
So A Guy Walks Into A Bar He's wearing a dark trench coat, with a sad look on his face, he sits down at the bar and says to the bar tender "get me a mug of beer and a shooter of beer for my little friend". with that he pulls a miniature man out of his coat playing a small piano. He sets the man with the piano down on the counter. The bar tender says "fuck, is that ever neat, where did you get that from". The man pulls out a lantern and says "from the genie in here". The bartender says "can I try it?" The man says "sure, but be careful what you wish for". The bartender grabs the lantern and run's to the back room. Within minutes there is a huge explosion followed by loud quacking. The bartender runs out covered in mud and feathers, walks over to the man and says "what the hell, I asked for a billion bucks, but got a billion ducks". The man in the trench coat then says "yeah, do you think I asked for a ten inch pianist". 
A man walks into the bar and takes a stool next to a duck on the bar... Man: what's with the duck? Bartender: oh he's magic M: what? B: magic... So you whisper your greatest desire in his ear and immediately he grants it M: no way B: try it!  The man leans into the ducks ear and whispers something and *poof* a small man in a suit with tails and a white bow tie appears on the bar.  M: well it must be broken because I didn't ask for a 12 inch pianist... 
A sheep walks into a baa You’re welcome 
A produce farmer walks into a bar carrying a box of some of his freshly harvested vegetables and orders a beer.  "Keep an eye on that farmer," the bartender tells a waitress. "You won't want to miss it when he starts dancing. He's incredible." "How will I know when he's going to dance?" the waitress asks, watching the farmer just sitting on the bar stool, nursing his beer. "Just keep an eye on him," the bartender advises. "You'll know it's coming when he stands up and drops a beet." 
A pig with a wooden leg and his owner walk into a bar.  His owner orders a beer and begins bragging to the bartender about his pig. "See that scar on his head? He got that rescuing me from a fire," says the guy. "And see that he's only got one eye? He lost the other one saving 17 people from dying in a bus crash." "So what heroic act was he doing when he lost his hind leg?" the bartender asks. "Dang it man," the guy says. "With a pig this good, you don't eat it all at once!" 
So a sandwich walks into a bar He sits down and asks the bartender for a beer, the bartender says “Sorry we don’t serve food here”.
A nun walks into a bar... The nun sits down and orders pint after pint of larger and bitter, much to the surprise of the bar owner.  BAR: Sister, is to drink to such excess not a sin?  NUN: That it is my child. I'm trying to break the habit.
A heavy metal fan walks into a heavy metal bar. He gets a concussion.
A woman walks into the bank with a giant glass jar filled with coins. Impressed, the teller exclaims "Oh, my! Did your horde all this yourself?"  The woman replied and said, no my sister whored for half of it.
A Horse Walks Into A Bar And the bartender says "Why the long face?"  The horse replies, "My alcoholism is destroying my family"
Two hillbillies walk into a restaurant. While having a bite to eat, they talk about their moonshine operation. Suddenly, a woman at a nearby table, who is eating a sandwich, begins to cough.  After a minute or so, it becomes apparent that she is in real distress. One of the hillbillies looks at her and says, Kin ya swallar?'  The woman shakes her head no. Then he asks, 'Kin ya breathe?' The woman begins to turn blue, and shakes her head no.  The hillbilly walks over to the woman, lifts up her dress, yanks down her drawers, and quickly gives her right butt cheek a lick with his tongue. The woman is so shocked that she has a violent spasm, and the obstruction flies out of her mouth.As she begins to breathe again, the Hillbilly walks slowly back to his table. His partner says, 'Ya know, I'd heerd of that there 'Hind Lick Maneuver' but I never seed nobody done it.
A pirate walks into a bar with a ships steering wheel in the front of his pants. The bartender asks "isn't that bothering you?"   The pirate replies "aye, it be driving me nuts."
Grandma: "I remember the days when we could walk into a grocery store with a ten dollar bill and come out with a handful of stuff" Me: "That's cool Grandma. But you can't do it anymore, they've got cameras everywhere"
A duck walks into a bar. A duck walks into a bar.   It asks the barkeeper: “Do you have bread?”  Bartender: “No.”  Duck: “Do you have bread?” - Bartender: “NO!” - Duck: “Do you…”  Bartender: “LISTEN! I HAVE NO BREAD AND IF YOU ASK ME ONE MORE TIME, I’M GONNA NAIL YOU TO THAT WALL!!!”  Duck: “Do you have nails?”  Bartender: “NO!”  Duck: “Do you have bread?”   
Superman walks into the Superhero Bar and sits down next to Batman and orders a drink. Batman asks how his day was and Superman says "I was flying along checking things out when I looked down and saw Wonder Woman writhing on the beach nude. I couldn't help myself so I swooped down and started laying super pipe."  Batman says "I bet that surprised her."  Superman says "Nah, but it shocked the hell out of the Invisible Man".
A grasshopper walks into a bar A grasshopper walks into a bar, and the bartender says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!" The grasshopper looks surprised and asks, "You have a drink named Steve?"
A priest, a rapist and a pedophile walk into a bar... ...and that's just the first guy.
An Alzheimer's patient walks into bar... to get to the other side.
A sandwich walks into a bar... ...and the bartender says, "I'm sorry, we don't serve food here."
Harambe walks into a bar Bartender: What will you be drinking?  Harambe: I'll have a beer  Me: No, he'll have just ice  Bartender: Just ice?  Me: Yes. Justice for Harambe.
Duck walks into a bar... Asks the bartender if he has any milk.  Bartender informs him he doesn't serve milk, so the duck leaves.  The following day the duck returns to the bar and asks the bartender if he has any milk, the bartender informs the duck he has no milk, so the duck leaves again.  The next day the duck comes back into the bar and asks for bartender for some milk.  The bartender being annoyed with this duck informs the duck: "I told you the past few days that I don't have any milk.  If you come in again and ask me for milk, I will nail you to the floor!"  The next day the duck comes in and asks the bartender "you got nails?", to which the bartender says "no, why?".  The duck responds with "Got Milk?"
Two boys walk into a pet shop. There were two young boys in a pet shop. One named Derek, and his older brother Patrick. They had been given money by their father to buy themselves two animals—one for each of them. There was such a selection! Dogs, cats, caterpillars, giraffes, parrots, and more. They could only afford two of the smaller animals, and so they were browsing the section dedicated to these.  First they looked at the birds. There were parrots. The boys had heard that they could speak, but when they tried to converse with them, the parrots neglected to do so in a way that satisfied the boys.  “Hello, Mr Parrot. How are you doing on this fine afternoon?” asked Derek, enthusiastic about the chance to see such a wonderful creature in action.  The parrot looked at him, and to Derek's disappointment, the parrot said “Fuck off, I'm trying to sleep you dickhead!”  They moved on to the next creature which was the hamster. They watched them running around and fornicating, and as they were close with the Lord they knew that they could not associate themselves with something so foul.  Next was a turtle. Both of the brothers were impressed with the sight of the turtle.  “There is little chance of it running away!” exclaimed Patrick, “we will never lose them!”  The turtle was reading a book, and they were curious to know what it was that the turtle was into.  “I hope it's the Bible!” said Derek, excitedly.  But as they looked at it closer they came to know that it was Harry Potter and as they were close with the Lord, they knew that they could not associate themselves with something so foul.  Beside the cage that the turtle was kept in could be found a chicken. But as they were close with the Lord they knew that they could not associate themselves with something so fowl.   They searched and searched through the shop and there was nothing that wasn't recklessly rubbing the Lord's face in their own sexual deviance, engagement with the Occult, or being a chicken—the greatest of all sins, committed by several of the pet shop's creatures, including the giraffe. They lamented this fact, for the giraffe appears such an innocent and sweet character! With its whiskers and tail. But alas! As the giraffe is also gravely guilty of “being a chicken,” in the Lord's eyes he is heathen and will perish the wrath of Satan.  They sought out an employee so that they might be freed of their woes. The employee was in the process of cleaning with a broom.  They said to the woman, “Can you help us?”  She turned to them and replied, “Fuck off, I'm trying to sweep you dickhead.”  Then she saw the sadness and pain in their eyes and the love of God touched her heart and she had a change of mind.  She said to the boys “I will help you. What is it that you need?”  Derek asked of her, “Is there any creature in this Pet Shop that is not heathen. Is there one among the animals that does not offend the Lord?”  And understanding the boys' woes she said to them, “Yes, there is one,” and she led them to a small cage containing several beetles.  “Here you will find the weevil.”  And they marvelled at the small but innocent creature and they bought two of them and brought them home.  But their troubles were not over, for they could not tell which one should belong to whom. They decided that as Patrick was the oldest, he had a claim to the greatest of the two of them. But which was the greatest? Only a contest held between the weevils would decide the answer to this most glorious question. And so it began, the world's smallest Olympics; with few events instead of many, with beetles instead of humans, and with only two weevils from the same family, rather than a large portion of humans from many of the nations of Earth.  They decided that before they began the contest, they would name them. One of them would be called “Fermented Bovine Urine” and the other would be “Greg” for these are the names that most please the Lord.  The first contest would determine which of the beetles was superior in strength. It would be a contest of who could lift the most pianos, for the family had many pianos, and lifting pianos would be a feat of strength indeed. The creature that went first would be Greg. Greg lifted one piano and was tired after doing so. But for he was of great determination he lifted a second. And then a third. After this he apologised to the boys and said that there was no more that he could do.  Fermented Bovine Urine went second and it clear from the beginning that he had little capacity to lift any piano whatsoever. He was saddened by his failure and wept, for he was of inferior strength.  The next competition was to determine how each of the weevils was with navigation. So they put each in turn into a maze of the boys' own construction. Greg, once again, was first, and he finished the maze within minutes.  Fermented Bovine Urine was the next contestant and he was less talented with navigation than Greg was, for he could not even make it past the first alligator-pit that had been installed. He wept once more that he was not capable of defeating Greg.  The next would determine their intelligence and so they were each given the same math problem.  “Surely” exclaimed Fermented Bovine Urine, “I can win this competition!”  But whereas Greg managed to provide the correct answer, Fermented Bovine Urine had merely drawn pictures of boobies for half an hour, and numbered them so that the boys might know he can count.  The next competition would determine which of them had greater musical talent. They would both sing a song for the boys, accompanied by their mother on the piano, and the boys would know who could sing with superiority.  Greg chose a piece of opera, and delivered with great competence. His voice was strong, his notes were on-pitch, his technique was at a professional level. Fermented Bovine Urine chose a punk-rock song and was disqualified.  The last and most important test was the competition to see who among the beetles was closest with the Lord. Greg stood up in front of the two boys and with no reference to the Holy Book, recited the entire Bible verbatim.  Fermented Bovine Urine felt the Lord in his heart, but whereas Greg was greatly dedicated to his relationship with Christ, he had spent little time on it. He instead read out select passages from Chad Kroeger's Wikipedia page.  It was now decided. Patrick was to own Greg, the greater of the weevils, and Derek was to own Fermented Bovine Urine. The two boys took each of the creatures to their rooms and put them in their individual cages.  The next day they started to notice a difference in each of their lives which they knew was directly caused by the introduction of the weevils into their homes. Derek, the owner of Fermented Bovine Urine had gone to school that day and had found that whereas in the past people would ignore him, they began to notice him and celebrate his existence. He had become a greatly popular boy at his school. Derek praised the Lord for his blessings and marvelled in the wonder of his Glory.  As the owner of Greg, Patrick's experience at school that day was different. Whereas in the past he had been ignored by his peers, now they would beat the living shit out of him and call him names. Patrick was enraged that his brother had been blessed and he had not, despite him owning the greater of the pets!  He cried out to the Lord, “Why, God? Why have you allowed me to suffer this way?”  But the Lord was trolling Atheists on Reddit and did not hear him.  The next day Derek was given a gift by a generous neighbour which was a new bicycle. This bicycle was faster, easier to control and a far smoother ride than any he had ever experienced. He praised the Lord for his blessings and marvelled in the wonder of his Glory.  Patrick's current bicycle got run over by a car whilst he was riding it and he was given several cuts and bruises and a completely broken spine.  He cried out to the Lord, “Why, God? Why have I been cursed so?”  But the Lord was browsing Redtube and did not hear him.  A week later Fermented Bovine Urine gave Derek a hug, and Derek was pleased for he knew that his life was filled with love and joy! He praised the Lord for his blessings and marvelled in the wonder of his glory.  Patrick, though he could no longer move, asked Greg for a hug, but the beetle mistook his words and stabbed him with a used needle. He contracted aides, and cancer of the aides and was stoned to death for being a homosexual by the members of his church.   In his final moments he cried out to the Lord, “Why, God? Why have you blessed my brother so and cursed me when my weevil was greater?”  But though the Lord could hear him, he was disinterested in Patrick and neglected him out of indifference.  You see, my children, there is a moral here. You must always choose the lesser of two weevils.
A mathematician and engineer walk into a bar and see a beautiful woman They are both told that every ten seconds they could move halfway the distance from the beautiful girl. The mathematician runs away crying. When he was asked why he ran away, he said, "Well, if I keep on moving up half the distance, I'll never get to zero. I'd never get to her!" The engineer got to the beautiful girl, though. When asked why he didn't run away, he said, "Well, if I move up halfway the distance every ten seconds, I wouldn't get to zero, but I'd get close enough to her for practical purposes." 
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and treads in a massive dog shit, annoyed he orders himself a drink. Another man walks into the bar and steps in the same giant shit. The first man says "I did that' the second man grabs him by the neck and rubs his nose in it. 
A drunk guy walks into a bus and sits next to a very ugly lady. The drunk guy stares at her and says:  -Shit, you are the ugliest woman I've ever seen in my life.   The lady looks back at him and says:  What about you? You are wasted and you look disgusting!  The drunk guy replies:  -That's true, but i'll be fine tomorrow.
Why did the tea bag walk into a bar? To grab a brew 
A skeleton walks into a bar ... ... he says " Gimme a Beer ... and a Mop !
A mushroom walks into a bar.... Bartender says "sorry sir we don't serve your kind" mushroom says "why.... I'm a fungi"
A sandwich walks into a bar and asks for a beer. The bartender takes one look at him and says, "We don't serve food here."
A lynx walks into a bar A lynx walks into a bar and says "Hey Barkeep! Mix me up a...  ...  ...  Jackrabbit."  The bartender says, "you got it buddy, but what's with the big paws?"
A depressed man walks into a bar... A man, suffering his worst day ever, walks into a bar.  The Bartender immediately notices the man is downtrodden and says, "What's wrong, man?"   The man explains, "Today has just been the worst.  I got fired from my job, and since i came home early, I found my wife cheating on me with my brother.  While we were arguing, he said he came over to tell me our father had died, and it just happened.  I was so furious I stormed out and came here.  Give me a beer."  The bartender gives the man a beer and he takes it and walks to the jukebox.  He was surprised, however, when he noticed next to the jukebox was a glass box, locked and chained up, containing $1 Million dollars.  "Bartender," the man asked, "What's this $1 million dollars for?"  "Oh, that's for whoever can complete our three impossible bar challenges." the bartender said while cleaning a glass.  "What are the challenges?"  "Well," the bartender set the glass down, "First, you gotta hop in the ring with Mike Tyson and survive for 10 rounds.  Second, you gotta go in that back room there, and pull the decaying tooth out of the mouth of a rabid honey badger.  Third, you gotta go upstairs and have sex with my 90 year old grandmother because she's on her deathbed and, frankly, she could use it."  The man thinks about it for a minute, downs his beer, and says, "I'll do it, let's go."  They go out back and waiting in a boxing ring is Mike Tyson throwing thunderous lefts and rights.  The man takes a deep gulp and starts to second guess himself, but before he realizes it, he's got gloves on and he's in the ring.  Tyson is just toying with him early, but in the third round, the man gets an idea.  "Mike, your shoe is untied."  "Huh?" Tyson looks down at his boots and WHAM!  The man hits him with an uppercut and knocks him out cold.  The bartender clapped loudly.  "Congratulations!  You're the first person to past the first test!  Now, on to the Honey Badger!"  The bartender leads the man to a room off to the side of the bar and opens the door.  Strapped to the bench is a honey badgers flailing and screeching and foaming at the mouth.  The bartender slaps the man on the shoulder and says, "Good luck." as he shuts the door behind him and returns to his bar.    From the room, the bartender hears the man screaming and yelling in pain, and the honey badger howling and screeching for a good 10 minutes before finally there's silence.  The man emerges from the room covered in scratches and bleeding, but with a huge smile on his face.  "Alright," he said, "Where's your grandmother who needs her tooth pulled?"
A sailor walks into a bar A sailor walks into a bar takes his seat and starts drinking. He leans over to the guy next to him and says "Hey buddy, you want to hear a marine joke?" The guy says "Before you say the joke let me tell you this: I'm 6'0 190 lbs and I'm a marine, my friend is 6'2 210 lbs and is also a marine, the third guy is 6'5 250 lbs, he too is a marine. So with that in mind do you still want to tell the joke?"  The sailor stops for a minute and thinks to himself, after a minute he tells the man "nah I dont want to explain it 3 times"
Two redditors walk into a bar, you won't believe what happens next! Seriously. I knew you'd click it.
A man walks into a bar With a piece of asfalt in his hand, goes to the bartender and says "Ill take 2 beers, one for me and one for the road"
Three guys walk into a bar together... You would've thought at least one of them would have seen it! 
Two Germans walk into a bar... I forget the punchline, but I know it was heilarious.
A horse walks into a bar... Bartender asks 'Why the long face?'.
A guy walks into a mexican bookstore and asks for the book by Donald Trump about what america should do to mexicans.  The mexican clerk is pissed and says "Fuck you man, get out!"  "Yeah, That's the one!"
A redhead walks into the Dr. Office..... She sits down on the examining table and tells the Doctor "I think I am going to die. I hurt all over. I touch my arm and it hurts, I my head and it hurts. I touch my abdomen and it hurts."  The doctor looks at her and says, "Let me guess that you are naturally blonde."  "Why yes, How did you guess?"  "Because you have a broken finger."  
Ahmed walks into A bar "ow, watch it" -Abbar
A rope walks into a bar The bartender says "We don't serve your kind". So the rope walks out, twists himself up and parts his hair and then walks back in. The bartender asks "Aren't you the same guy who was here a moment ago?". The rope replies "I'm a frayed knot."
A blind man, a black man, and a white man all walk into a bar. All three suffered serious concussions.
A jumper cable walks into the bar The bartender goes   " ill serve you but don't start anything"
A guy walks into a restaurant orders a steamy soup After a while, the waiter comes back with the soup. The guy tastes the soup and frowns at the waiter. "Excuse me, i asked for a steamy soup, and that my friend, is not a steamy soup. The waiter apologizes and tells him that he'll take care of that.   The waiter comes back with the soup. The bowl is now boiling hot, and he uses towels to grab it. The guy tastes the soup, spits it right out, and yelling at the waiter: "What is so difficult to understand?! I want a steamy soup! I don't want it hot, i want a STEAMY FUCKING SOUP!!!   ...  After being heated for a long time in the highest temperature possible, and cooked in a maximum heating stove, the steamy soup is finally ready. The waiter needs 5 towels on each side only to grab the bowl. The bowl is carried on a maximum heated plate. The whole restaurant becomes a sauna, and steams covers the entire place.  The sweaty waiter serves the soup to the guy. The guys tastes the soup, and the waiter tensely looking at him. The guy thinks for a while and than saying: "now this is what i call a steamy soup! Thank you very much!" -"Your'e welcome!", says the waiter, and calmly returns to do his duties.  After the guy finishes the soup, a man approaching to him and says: "Hey there, sorry to bother you, but i sat at the table over there and i couldn't help but looking at you! I have to ask you something! -"Sure!", says the guy. -"You are a pilot, right?" -"Well yeah! How did you know?!" -"I can tell by your uniform..."
Two Giants walk into a bar One gets a concussion, and the other breaks right through. 
An airline pilot and a woman walk into a bar. The airline pilot is also a woman.
A guy walks into the bar with an octopus under his arm. He sets the octopus on a stool next to him and announces: "This is an amazing octopus. I'll bet anyone in this bar $50 that this octopus can play any instrument set in front of it."   None of the people could believe this, so one guy brought up a guitar. The octopus took hold of the guitar and started picking away, better than Jimi Hendrix. The man took $50 from the guitarist. Next someone brings up a trumpet. The octopus started playing the trumpet, better than Herb Alpert. The man won another $50 from the trumpeter. Then some guy brought up some bagpipes. The octopus picked up the bagpipes for a minute and, looking a little puzzled, set them down again.   "Can't you play the bagpipes?" asked the man.   "Play it?" said the octopus, "I'm gonna screw it as soon as I figure out how to get its pajamas off."
A blind man walks into a store with his dog. He picks the dog up and starts spinning it around by the leash. One of the clerks runs up and asks if he needs help and what the hell does he think he's doing. No thanks say's the blind man, I,m just having a look around.
The Director Of Supercell Walks Into A Bar... *Download the punchline for only $2.99!*
A bar walks into a man The bar says, this place stinks, and the only other person here is an asshole. 
A man walks into a graveyard bar "Can I get a beer?" he asks as he walks up to the bar.  "I'm sorry," replies the bartender. "We serve only spirits."
A man walks into pizza hut The clerk asks him what he wants, and the mans says that he wants some booze. The clerk says no and the man walks away. He then makes a strange sound at thee clerk.  The clerk asks him how did he do it. The man says can't tell you and walks away. This repeats for days before the man gives in. I will tell you it if you come with me. They start walking down the road, through the tunnels, up the tracks, around the park, through the forest, up the highway, through a town, to the road. This goes on for some time before the man stops and tells him. But I can't tell you since I don't know.     
Yet another lady walks into a pet shop. She spots a parrot and asks the owner for the price. She finds out that the bird costs $4000 and right away asks what is so special about it, that makes it so expensive. The owner says "Do you see the blue ribbon on its left leg. When you pull on it the bird will start talking in fluent French". Woman seems interested and asks again, "What will happen if i pull the red riddon on its right leg, then?" Owner replies " It will start singing in Spanish". This got the woman excited to a point where she asks "What if I pull both ribbons at once?". The parrot had enough and shouted "I will fall of the branch you dumb bitch!"
A boob, a vagina and an asshole walk into a bar A boob, a vagina and an asshole walk into a bar and they start debating on who is the greatest of the three of them!  Boob - "I give milk to new born babies and I'm attractive to the opposite sex, that's why I am the greatest!"  Vagina - "That's nothing, I give birth to new born and can accommodate the opposite sex, that's why I am the greatest!" .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  Why are you scrolling down? It's your turn to speak.
A man walks into a bar. He says "Ow..."
A man and a woman walk into an elevator The man asks the woman, can I smell your feet?  The woman looks at him with disgust and says no.  The man says, it must be your vagina then.
A masked man walks into a sperm bank with a gun. He points the gun at the receptionist and tells her to open the safe. She says: but you don't understand. This is not a normal bank. This is a sperm bank. The man says: I know exactly what this is. Now open a sample and swallow the whole thing. The woman opens one and swallows it all. The man then takes off his mask. It is her husband. She screams at him: I can't believe it. It's you. Why are you doing this? He gets close to her and says: you see??? It didn't kill you to swallow it. Did it?
Two blondes walk into a building... You would think one of them would see the building coming. 
Three paraplegics walk into a bar... ...wait, that's not right.
A woman walks into a Jamaican nudist bar A woman vacationing in Jamaica walks into a nudist bar and approaches two guys.  She notices that both the white guy and the Jamaican guy have W Y tattooed on their penises.  She asks the white guy why he has W Y tattooed on his dick and he says “because when I’m erect it says Wendy my girlfriends name..”. The woman replies to the Jamaican guy “you must have a girlfriend named Wendy also!”  The Jamaican says no my tattoo says Welcome to Jamaica have a nice day 
An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar. An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar. They each order a drink.  The bartender places down the three drinks in front of them just as three flies buzz in through the window. One fly lands in each of the men's drinks.  The Englishman, disgusted, slides the drink back across the bar and demands another one. The Scotsman takes the fly out and shrugs, before taking a long gulp.  The Irishman, however, picks up the fly and screams at it, "*Spit it out you fucking bastard, spit it the fuck out!*"
A man walks into a zoo.The only animal in the entire zoo is a dog. It's a Shitzu
A machine learning algorithm walks into a bar. The waiter asks: "What'll you have?", the algorithm responds: "What everyone else is having."
A middle eastern man walks into a southeast American bar... and says to the bartender, "Hello, I am Amarrah Kaan."   The bartender says, "No you ain't."
The director of EA walks into a bar *Download the punchline for only 4.99*  Edit: Thank you for the gold, kind Redditor!
Two Guys Walk Into a Bar... *Knock Knock*
This guy walks into a rooftop bar... He sits down, orders a huge beer, chugs it, walks over to the window, and jumps out. Five minutes later, the guy walks into the bar again, orders another huge beer, chugs it, walks over to the window, and jumps out again. Five minutes later, he re-appears and repeats the whole thing. About half an hour later, another guy at the bar stops the first guy and says, "hey, how the heck are you doing that?!" The first guy responds, "oh, it's really simple physics. When you chug the beer, it makes you all warm inside and since warm air rises, if you just hold your breath you become lighter than air and float down to the sidewalk." "WOW!" exclaims the second man, "I gotta try that!" So he orders a huge beer, chugs it, goes over to the window, jumps out, and splats on the sidewalk below. The bartender looks over to the first man and says, "Superman, you're an asshole when you're drunk."
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel hanging out of his zipper The bartender takes one look at the pirate and says, "Sir, I'm not sure if you're aware, but you have a steering wheel hanging out of your zipper!"  The pirate says to the bartender, "Arrrrrrrrrrrrr and she's driving me nuts!"
A man walks into a Pharmacy......... .......and says to the pharmacist, "Listen, I have three girls over tonight. I've never had three girls at once. I need something to keep me Horny.. keep me Potent."  The pharmacist reaches under the counter, unlocks the bottom drawer and takes out a small cardboard box marked with a label "Viagra Extra Strength" and says, "Here, if you eat this, you'll go nuts for twelve hours."  The man says, "Great. Gimme three boxes."  The next day the man walks into the same pharmacy. Limps up to the pharmacist and pulls down his pants.  The Pharmacist looks in horror as he notices the man's Penis is Black and Blue, and the Skin is Hanging off in Some Places.  The man says, "Quick. Gimme a bottle of deep heat."  The pharmacist replies in horror, "You can't put deep heat on that!"  The Man says, "No, it's for my arms, the girls didn't show up!"
A Man Walks Into a Bar So this guy meets a girl named Ariel at a bar and takes her home. One thing leads to another and he starts undressing her. Once he gets her shirt off he notices a random letter C tattooed on her stomach. He doesn't think anything about it and starts making out with her more until finally it drives him nuts. He stops kissing her and asks why she has a C tattooed randomly on her stomach. She responds in a Jamaican accent "everything is better, down where it's wetter, under the C".   Can't wait to see all the crab/fish jokes to accompany this.
A man holding a monkey walks into a bar . He sits on a stool and asks for a drink, the bartender is a bit surprised to see someone with a monkey, but leaves him be.  Mid drink the monkey jumps to a table nearby and starts eating stuff, first some peanuts, then a sip of beer, the bartender starts to say something, but the man instantly responds saying he'll pay for whatever the monkey eats.  The monkey continues eating stuff, and decides to jump into the pool table, picks a ball and eats it, the bartender's jaw drops, but the man says he'll pay for it, finishes his drink and indeed pays for everyhing.  2 months later the man walks into the same bar holding the same monkey, he sits on a stool and asks for a drink.  Mid drink the monkey jumps to a nearby tabble, stuffs some peanuts up it's ass, takes them out and eats them. The bartender is stupified, but the man ensures him he'll pay for the damages:   -That's not it, - says the bartender - it's that your monkey put the food in it's ass before eating.  -Oh that - the man answers - he started testing his food ever since the poll ball incident.
A panda walks into a restaurant A panda walks into a restaurant, sits down, and orders a sandwich. He eats the sandwich, pulls out a gun, and shoots the waiter dead.  As the panda stands up to go, the manager shouts, "Hey! Where are you going? You just shot my waiter and you didn't pay for your sandwich!"  The panda yells back at the manager, "Hey man, I'm a PANDA! Look it up!"  The manager opens his dictionary and sees the following definition for panda: A tree-dwelling marsupial of Asian origin, characterized by distinct black and white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves.
A volcanic rock walks into a bar. It says: "Porous a drink."
A Male kangaroo walks into a bar. He orders a scotch and starts talking about the good old days when nobody was on their phones, when video games were for the rich, and the ozone layer was whole. “Ok boomer”
A man walks into a McDonald's restaurant. The cashier there notices his happiness and ask him why he's so happy to which the man responses with "I just graduated from Harvard, I'm excited to get a good job."  The cashier shakes his hand, "I'm also a Harvard graduate."
A hamburger walks into a bar The bartender says "get out,we dont serve food in here"
A man walks into a bar.... A man walks into a bar. He orders a drink. The bartender is a robot. The robot serves the man his drink and asks the man "What is your IQ?" The man says "150." The robot proceeds to make conversation about global warming, nanotechnology, and quantam physics. The man is very impressed and decides to test the robot.  He finishes his drink and leaves the bar, but goes back in a minute later. He orders another drink and the robot again asks "What is your IQ?"  "About 100." The robot proceeds to make conversation about sports, supermodels, fast food, and guns. Impressed again the man finishes his drink and decides to test the robot one more time.  He leaves and comes back again. The robot serves him another drink and asks "What is your IQ?" "50" The robot says "So are you going to vote for Trump again?"
Andre 3000 walks into a building Instantly he begins to shiver.  "It's freezing!"  He walks over to the clerk and chatters "Hey man, it's cooler than cool in here. What's with that?"  With a puzzled look, the clerk thinks for a moment and then points to a sign on the wall. 'We Speak Pig-latin.' The cleck motions for Andre to speak.  "Ut-way is ith-way it eeing-bay so uch-may ooler-cay an-they ool-cay?"  "Ha-ay, I et-gay it." exclaims the clerk. He takes a long step left and motions Andre to look at the thermostat. 'Ice Cold,' the thermostat reads.   Just then, a woman comes up behind Andre and taps him on the shoulder. Why, it's Lucy Lu! She looks like she could catch frostbite any minute and she has no jacket on.   "Excuse me, sir, could you tell me what the clerk said? I can't understand Pig-latin, and I can't get an English word out of him. I'm freezing, but I have an appointment here!"  At the excitement of seeing Lucy. Andre lets out a thrilled grin "E-hay ez-say at-theyt--"  "I thought you spoke English!"  "Oh! I do! It's ust-jay that when I start speaking Pig-latin I kinda can't speak English ite-ray a while."   Being the gentleman he is, Andre comes up with a plan. 'I have an expandable caddy in my bag, I can get her warm with that.'  "Here is a Addie-kay you can keep yourself warm ith-way." He hands her the caddy and she lights up a bit.  "My father always wanted a caddy like this! Can I give it to him instead? I can have him ask if I'm coming off disrespectfully."  "Don't wanna meet yo daddy. Just want you in my caddy. Eep-kay it."  Lucy softly rejects the offer. "I couldn't just take it, my Mother is right there, she can ask for it in his behalf."  "Don't wanna meet yo mamma. I just want you to come-a. Ake-tay it, please."  "Okay. Well thank you." Lucy peruses it, and realized it is too short to warm a dwarf.  As she is puzzlling over it, Andre steps in, "Oh! I forgot, you ave-hay to loosen it by shaking it back and forth." Lucy daintily shakes the caddy to no avail. "Shake it," exclaims Andre. Lucy shakes a little harder. "Shake it! Shake it!" She begins to shake it even harder. "Shake it like a Polaroid picture!!!"  She flails violently until the caddy stretches out to a proper length. However, in her wild flailing she sligs loose a small pebble that pelts Andre right on the temple.  Still half speaking Pig-latin, Andre screams "Heeeeey-ahhhhhh!"
A man walks into a pet store... A man walks into a pet store and sees three parrots, two of which are awake and alert and the third has his head tucked under his wing, asleep. Interested, the man questions an employee. "What can you tell me about these parrots? How much do they cost?"  "The first one is called Peter, and he is $2,500.00. Why? Because he knows how to type letters. The second one is called Paul, and he is $5.000.00. Why? Because he knows how to type letters and use all of Microsoft Office. And this sleepy bird right here, he's John. John is $25,000."  Unable to contain himself, the man gasps. "Why is that parrot worth $25,000? What can he do?"  "You know, I'm not really sure. What I do know is that the other two parrots call him 'boss.'"
An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar. The Irishman looks over to the bar and sees, who he thinks, is Jesus.   The Irishman gets the attention of the other two. "Look, lads. It's Jesus!"  Skeptical, the two guys laughingly ask him to go go and ask the man at the bar if he is, in fact, Jesus.   Brazenly, the Irishman walks up to the man and says.  "Excuse me, sir. Are you Jesus?"   "Yes" replies the man  The Irishman, knowing his friends would want proof, asks the man to prove that he is Jesus.   The man orders a water, and turns it into wine.   "Aye, but that could be a trick" the Irishman says.   The man then shows the Irishman the holes in his hands and feet.   "Aye, but they could be piercings" says the Irishman.   Growing tired of the skepticism, the man takes the Irishman by the hand. The Irishman winces at this as his hands had been riddled with arthritis for years. The man holds his hand, and the arthritis disappears.   The Irishman goes back over to his table.  "Lads, lads. That's deffinetly Jesus. He turned water to wine, has holes in his hands and feet and cured my arthritis"   The Scotsman, seeing the Irishman's hands, felt he had to see for himself. He goes up to Jesus and asks him to prove it. Jesus, again, turns water to wine and shows the holes in his hands and feet. The Scotsman then says.   "Jesus, I've been a plasterer for 25 years and my back and shoulders give me a lot of trouble. Can you do anything about that?"  Jesus holds the Scotsman's hand and rids him of his pain.   The Scotsman goes back to the table.   "That's Jesus, alright. He turned water to wine, showed me the holes in his hands and feet and took away my muscle pain!"  The Englishman thinks he's being had on. There's no way Jesus is at the bar. So, he walks up to the man.   "I heard you were Jesus"  "That, I am." Replies Jesus  "Prove it" the Englishman retorts.   Jesus then repeats the process that he had gone through with the other two. He turns water to wine, shows him the holes in his hands and feet and then reaches out to grab the Englishman's hand.   The Englishman then yells at Jesus.   "The fuck are you doing? Don't touch me. I'm collecting benefits for these injuries"
A skeleton walks into a bar... And orders a pint of beer and a mop.
A feminist, a visible minority and a straight white male walk into a bar... Fucking chauvinist, racist homophobe. TRIGGERED!
Two guys walk into a bar The first enters the bar, orders a drink and leaves.  The second guy tells the first:  "Hey, doesn't this belong on r/antijokes?"
Guy walks into a bar, orders a beer, and notices a big jar full of money behind the counter. He asks the bartender, “Hey man, what’s that jar? I bet there’s at least one grand in there!”  “Ah, you must be new here. It’s a challenge. If you put in fifty bucks, and then succeed at three tasks, you get all the money inside the jar.”  “Really? Man, what a tourist trap! Do people actually try that?”  “Sure.”  “Damn. Still, that’s a lot of money. I gotta ask, what are the three tasks?”  “Well, first, you need to go over to the bouncer over there. Yeah, the tall, muscular guy. And you gotta knock him out in one punch.”  “Wow.”  “Yeah. Next, in the backward we have this wild rottweiler. Nasty dog. Rabid. And it has a bad tooth. We tried having the vet over, but he won’t come anywhere near the beast. The task is to take out his bad tooth.”  “Uh huh.”  “And finally, there’s this lady upstairs. She owns the place. She’s quite old. Sixty five, maybe seventy. Very nice lady. She lost her husband a decade ago and, well … she’s lonely. The task is to go see her and give her some.”  “That is twisted, my friend. Wow. It’s amazing that anyone thinks they can pull all this off. People these days… Anyway.”  The guy drinks his beer, and then has another. And another. And another. Now quite inebriated, he punches the counter and yells, “Whatever man, I’ll do your stupid challenge!”  He throws in a $50 bill, goes to the bouncer, taps him on the shoulder, and WHAM! The bouncer is down in one punch. Everyone in the bar suddenly groups around the scene and starts cheering frantically. The guy shouts, “Where’s the damn dog at?”, people push him to the backdoor, which he pushes. The crowd awaits, hearing nothing at first. Then, muffled screams, punches, scratches and howls coming from behind the door.  Finally, the door opens again, and the guy paces into the bar, slowly, his shirt ripped apart and stained with blood, breathing loudly. Finally, he throws his arms up in the air, and shouts in triumph! As the crowd cheers like crazy, he yells “NOW WHERE’S THE OLD BITCH WITH THE BAD TOOTH?”
Single and ready to mingle on a Saturday night, a guy walks into a bar and says ouch
A fascist, a billionaire and a president walk into a bar... ...and he says "one beer please".
A man walks into a graveyard.. A man is walking in a graveyard when he hears the Third Symphony played backward. When it’s over, the Second Symphony starts playing, also backward, and then the First. “What’s going on?” he asks a cemetery worker.  “It’s Beethoven,” says the worker. “He’s decomposing.”  
A murderer, a rapist, and a Communist walk into a bar. One of them is the President.
PR manager, philosopher, translator and a journalist walk into a bar The Bartender says: "Hey Tony! Four bachelor's degrees, but still no luck finding a job?"
A White Guy walks into a Bar A white guy walks into a bar to use the bathroom. When he stops at a urinal, he notices that the black guy next to him has an 11 inch dick. After they both finish, the white man asks the black man how he got his dick so big.   The black guy explains, "Well, when I'm 'with my girl', I push it in reeeeeaaal slow, then pull it out REALLY fast. That's how I got my dick so big."  That night, the white guy comes home to try the technique on his wife. As she's moaning, he asks her, "Do you like it? Is it better?"  His wife responds, "Yeah! You fuck like a black man!"
A man walks into a bar.... Only suffered minor bruising. 
A woman walks into an abortion clinic A woman walks into an abortion clinic ready to get her triple chromosomed autist baby aborted. The doc asks her if shes sure about this decision. She gets offended and makes a tumblr post. 
A man with Déjà vu walks into a bar. A man with Déjà vu walks into a bar.
A woman walks into a bar... And smashes into it pretty hard.   She whiplashed and her hair fell into a neighboring patron's drink. Pissed he yelled,  "Watch your fucking self and your dirty ass witch colored hair!" She retorted, "I find that insulting! I just washed it and it's blonde!" 
A dude walks into his assistant's office He really likes the woman and has been wanting to sleep with her for ages, but the assistant has a boyfriend. One day though, he walks into her office and says:  'I'll give you $500 if you sleep with me!'  'Heck, no. Besides, I have a boyfriend!'  'But I'll be really quick! I'll just drop the money on the floor, you'll bend over to pick it up and I'll be done in a jiffy!'  'Hmm... I'll think about it. You know what? I'll call my boyfriend.'  So she calls her boyfriend and explains what the deal is about.  'Ask for $1,000, at least! And don't worry about it, it's really simple. All you have to do is pick up the money super quickly from the floor, and then he won't even have the time to lower his pants! Call me as soon as you have the money.'  So the assistant accepts her boss' deal.   A half an hour passes and the boyfriend still hasn't received a call. An hour passes, still no call. The boyfriend is getting really nervous when finally after two hours, his girlfriend calls him.  'Honey, it was horrible, he only had coins!'
30 people walk into a bar This is the worst game of limbo I've ever seen 
A man walks into the ninja doctor's office The doctor will see you. But you won't see him.
A lier, crook, and murderer walks into a bar.... The bartender asks, "What'll it be, Mrs. Clinton?"
A procrastinator walks into a bar I'll post the rest later..
Mrs. Smith walks into a pharmacy and asks to buy poison 'Dear lady, why would you want to buy poison?' asks the pharmacist.  'To kill my husband!'  'I can't sell you poison so you can kill someone!'  As an answer to that, Mrs. Smith puts a picture on the counter where one can clearly see a man and a woman in bed. The man in question is Mrs. Smith's husband, while the woman is the pharmacist's wife. The pharmacist picks up the picture and nods:  'Excuse my mistake, I didn't know you had a prescription.'
An infinite number of Sean Murray walks into to a bar and gets a refund.
Two blondes walk into a bar... ...the third one ducked.
A Redditor walks into a bar And says "want to hear a joke?" The bartender replies "I've already heard it." 
Dyslexic man walks into a bra... ಠ_ಠ
A group of musicians walk into an Italian restaurant. The host says "I am a sorry. We a cannot a serve you. You are a band."
Three lords walk into a tavern, a Stark, a Martell and a Lannister. They order ale, but then the barkeep brings them over, each of them finds a fly in his cup. The Lannister, outraged, shoves the cup aside and demands another. The Martell plucks the fly out and swallows it whole. The Stark reaches into his cup, pulls out the fly and shouts: "Spit it out, you wee shit! Spit it out!"
2 Wind Turbines walk into a bar... The first says, "What kind of music do you like?" The second says, "I'm a heavy metal fan."
An American, an Englishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar... They all order a pint of best bitter, when a fly lands in each ones glass.   The American picks the fly out, and consumes his beer.  The Englishman asks the barman politely for another beer.   The Scotsman deftly picks the fly out of his beer, and starts slamming it on the rim of the glass howling "Give it back, ya wee bastard!"
Two chemists walk into a bar. One of them says "I'll have H2O"  The second one says "I'll have H2O, too" and giggles.  The bartender sighs, and gives both chemists hydrogen peroxide because he's fucking sick of people pulling that at his bar.
WALKS INTO A BAR... A guy walks into a bar, orders 12 shots and starts drinking them as fast as he can.  The bartender asks, "Dang, why are you drinking so fast?"  The guy says, "You would be drinking fast, too, if you had what I had."  The bartender asks, "What do you have?"  The guy says, "75 cents."
A vampire walks into a bar... A vampire walks into a bar.  The bartender nervously asks, "What can i get you?"  "Just a cup of hot water" the Vampire asks.  "I thought you guy's only drank blood...?" the bartender nervously replies.  As he pulls out a bloodied tampon, the Vamp says "I prefer tea!"
A Wisconsin man walks into a bar... and then so does a Mississippian. Then an Arizonan. The Californian never makes it. Fuck 405 traffic.
A woman walks into the doctor's office "Doctor," she complains, "I'm hurting everywhere!"  "What do you mean?" the doctor asks.  "Everywhere I touch hurts!" she yelled.  Bewildered, the doctor inspects her, but sees nothing wrong anywhere.   "But my knee hurts," she said, touching her knee. "My chest hurts," she said, touching her chest. "Even my cheek hurts!" she shouted, touching her cheek.  After a moment of silence, the doctor said,  "Ma'am, you have a broken finger."
A Mormon walks into a bar and says, "I'm with the Utah Liquor Control Department, prepare for a fifteen hour compliance audit."
Batman walks into a bar... ...Followed by 24 Sodium atoms.
A woman walks into a hardware store and says, "I want to buy a hinge." The clerk says, "Do you wanna screw for that hinge?"   The woman replies, "No thanks, but I'll blow you for a toaster."
A man walks into a bar and orders a drink, when suddenly he hears someone say, "Hey, nice tie!" The man looks up to try to find out who said it, but no one was around.   "Hey! Nice shirt!" The man looks up again, but there's nobody there.   "Hey! Nice suit!" The man then calls the bartender over and asks him if he keeps talking to him.   The bartender replies, "It's not me; it's the complimentary peanuts."  
A woman walks into Walmart She's wearing very dirty clothes, smells bad and looks like she is in a horrible situation. She has 2 kids who look worse in her shopping cart   The store clerk says: Wow, are they twins?   Woman: No you idiot, they obviously look 2 years apart.   Clerk: Oh, they don't look alike. I just couldn't believe you had sex twice.
A group of Fibonaccis walk into the bar The first two walk up to the bar. The bartender looks at them sternly and says, "One of you two better fuckin' order something."
A priest, a nun and a sailor walks into a bar The bartender says: "What is this? Some kind of joke?"
50 gays walk into a bar... They all order shots.
A blind man walks into a bar. And a chair. And a table.
Helium walks into a bar The bartender says, "We don't serve your kind here".  Helium had no reaction.
A man walks into a bar Man: "OW SHIT FUCK MY LIFE!"
A priest, a rabbi and penguin walk into a bar IT'S THE SPANISH INQUISITION!
A guy walks into a bar and orders 10 whiskey shots, 5 tequila shots, and 12 rum shots all in one glass The bartender obliges and pours out this concoction, the man proceeds to down the entire glass in one shot. The bartender says "Whoah, whoah, whoah! What's going on buddy?" The guy responds "You'd drink like this too if you had what I have," and the bartender asks, "What have you got?" The man replies "A dollar" and walks out of the bar.
A Japanese man walks into a gun store... He asks the cashier, "Do you have any Rugers?"  "Of course we do," says the cashier, and he dashes back into the stockroom. 5 minutes later he returns with one of each gun on Ruger's entire product line. Rifles, shotguns, pistols, all brand-new, still coated in grease from the factory. "Which one would you like to try?" the cashier asks.  The Japanese man looks over the row of 30 guns placed in front of him. After a moment, he turns back to the cashier and says, "None of them."  "None?" the cashier asks incredulously. "Sir, this is every type of gun Ruger makes! Why would you ask to see the Rugers if you weren't interested in any of them?"  The Japanese man calmly replies, "Obviousry you're not famiriar with antique German weaponry of the Weimar era. Very werru, I wirru rook for a Ruger somewhere eresu!"
So a guy walks into a bar... 3 weeks later, he's a lawyer!
A snake walks into a bar "How did you do that?"
Guy walks into a bar and sits Off to the side an old hag of a prostitute waits on a stool. He gives her a glance. She raises an eyebrow. He cocks his head. She winks back. He motions at the seat next to him. She slithers on over.   "You got something to say, big boy?"  "Yeah," he replies. "When are you gonna get around to buy'n me a drink?"
A Nondrunk guy walks into a bar... A nondrunk guy walks into a bar and sits down. He notices a jar stuffed with $10 bills. So he asks the bartender "Whats with the jar?" The bartender swiftly responds "You have to take a test, If you do it, you can take the bills and the jar." The man thinking he is a smart guy asks "What is the test?" The bartender replies "You have to put $10 in first." The man groans and puts $10 dollars in and asks again "What is the test?" The bartender replies "First you have to drink this entire bottle of hot sauce without making a face. Outside there is a dog with a sore tooth, and upstairs there is a 90-year-old virgin. Have fun" The guy gets mad and stomps out of the bar.   A few minutes later, A already drunk guy stumples in and sits down at the bar. He glaces at the jar and asks "What's with the jar?" The bartender replies "You have to take a test , and if you pass, you get the entire jar and bills." The drunk man without thinking says "Ok!" And stuffs the jar with a $10 dollar bill. The bartender tells him the test "First you have to drink this entire bottle of hot sauce. Outside there is a dog with a sore tooth, and upstairs there is a 90-year-old virgin upstairs. Have fun! The drunk guy picks up the hot sauce and chugs the hot sauce without even flinching, He stumples out back. There is a huge snarl and bark. Just when they think he is dead, he walks back in and says "Now where is the old lady with a sore tooth?"           
A guy walks into a bar. ouch!
So a horse walks into a Czar. Horse! What horse? I know not of what horse you speak.
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first orders a beer, the second orders half a beer, the third orders a quarter of a beer, and so on. … After the seventh order, the bartender pours two beers and says, “You fellas ought to know your limits.”
Hellen Keller walks into a bar Then she walks into a chair Then a table....
A pun, a play on words, and a limerick walk into a bar. No joke. The joke wasn’t there because it was busy parking the car.
(Long) A 75 yr old man walks into a crowded waiting room There's nothing worse than a Doctor's Receptionist who insists you tell her what is wrong with you, in a room full of other patients. I know most of us have experienced this, and I love the way this old guy handled it. A 75-year-old man walked into a crowded waiting room and approached the desk. The Receptionist said, 'Yes sir, what are you seeing the Doctor for today?'  'There's something wrong with my dick', he replied.  The receptionist became irritated and said, 'You shouldn't come into a crowded waiting room and say things like that.' 'Why not, you asked me what was wrong and I told you,' he said.  The Receptionist replied; 'Now you have caused some needless embarrassment in this room full of people. You should have said there is something wrong with your ear or something and discussed the problem further with the Doctor in private.'  The man replied, 'You should not ask people questions in a roomful of strangers if the answer could embarrass anyone.' The man then decided to walk out, waited several minutes and then re-entered.  The Receptionist smiled smugly and asked, 'Yes??'  'There's something wrong with my ear,' he stated loudly. The Receptionist nodded approvingly and smiled, knowing he had taken her advice. 'What is wrong with your ear, Sir?'  'I can't piss out of it,' he replied.  The waiting room erupted in laughter
A man walks into a bar And gets a drink. What else did you expect to happen? 
So a pair of Beats headphones walk into a bar... So a pair of Beats walk into a bar full of audiophiles. The bartender says "we don't like your kind 'round here" and the pair of Beats say "sorry man, were not looking for any treble"
So a priest, a rabbi, and a monk walk into a bar. The bartender looks up, hesitates, and says, "What is this, some kind of fucking joke?!"
A length of string walks into a bar The bartender shouts at him, "get out, we don't serve string!"  So the length of string hangs out just outside. He asks a passerby, "could you please roughen up my edges?" The stranger obliges. He asks the next one, "could you please tie me up?"  Our friend walks back into the bar. The bartender bellows out, "hey, didn't I tell you we don't want any string in here?"  And the string says, "I'm a frayed knot."   
Three men walk into a bar The bartender says: how'd you get in here
A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers, and says "five beers, please" If you get it you get it 
A blind man walks into a bar... His head is sore now
A guy walks into a bar A priest, a minister, and a rabbi walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them and says, "What the fuck is this, a joke?" 
A man walk into a bar Man: Give me anything stiff and make it a double. I lost my dad recently. I was by his side and held him close during his dying breath but it haunts me every night because I can't help but feel like I wasn't the son I could have been.    Bartender: Get the fuck outta my bar Kylo.
Man walks into a restaurant Waiter welcomes him and says: "Hello sir, all our tables are full so you might have to wait for about 30 minutes".  "Do you know who I am?" the man replies. "Oh, of course, I'm sorry, we'll get you a table anyways." says the waiter.  After the man has eaten his meal, waiter brings him the check and says:  "I hope you enjoyed the meal, here's the check." "Do you know who I am?!" replies the man again. In frustration the waiter takes the check back and says: "Certainly sir, it's on the house."  In confusion the man walks out of the restaurant and thinks himself "Can anyone ever help me with my amnesia?" 
So a guy walks into a bar and his friend goes   "why would you do that?   and pulls him away  "I have cripple depression"   "So you think this will solve your problems? don't be a dumbass"  The man runs for the bar now  The owner of the construction yard looks over and calls them both idiots and to get out of a building site.    
An atheist, a vegan, and a crossfit fanatic walk into a bar... Who talks more?
America and Russia walk into a comedy bar... America asks, "Who's paying for the joke?"  Russia replies, "It's on you."
A man walks into a sketchy pet shop looking for a different type of pet... The man at the shop says, "Well, sir, I have a crocodile with 5 legs." The man says, "No, I've seen that before." "How about this short-necked giraffe?" "Isn't that just a deer?" The man asked. "Moving on the shopkeep replied in a hurry. As they continued on, the man saw something in the back of the store. It was a large cage with a small box in it labeled "DANGER: DO NOT TOUCH OR SPEAK TO ANIMAL" Being curious as he was the man inquired into it. "That is a very dangerous animal known as a Wollibugger. It can destroy anything you tell it to." Unconvinced the man asked for a demonstration. The shopkeep called out, "Wollibugger! Box!" And in a flash the box was gone and all that sat there was a cute pink fluffy ball. "I'll take it!" said the man. The shopkeep reluctant sold the man the Wollibugger. The man got home with his new pet very excited. He did have to go out to dinner that night, though, so he decided to bring the Wollibugger with him. At the restaurant, he was so anxious that he needed to show the waiter. "Wollibugger, napkin!" And the napkin was gone. The waiter, unamused, pawned it off as a trick. "No, man you gotta believe me I just don't want to cause a scene by taking down a table or anything!" "Sure," the waiter replied. And he was walking away, the waiter whispered under his breath, "tch, Wollibugger, my butt."
A guy walks into a gay bar.. And turns the stools right-side up.
A guy walks into a bar... ...and is promptly hospitalized with a concussion. 
Two guys walk into a bar The third one ducked
Shazza walks into the kitchen and finds Bruce with a fly swatter. "Waddaya doin?" She asked.  "Huntin Flies" He responded.  "Oh. Kill any?" She asked.  "Yep, 3 blokes, 2 sheilas," he replied.  Intrigued, she asked. "How'd ya know that?"  He responded, "3 were on a beer can, 2 were on the phone."
A man walks into a pharmacy, and asks where the baby powder is The employee on duty says, "No problem sir, just walk this way."  The man replies, "If I could walk that way I wouldn't need the baby powder!"
So a horse walks into a bar...  The bartender asks, "Why the long face?" The horse then brutally beats the bartender to death because horses are fucking evil.
A man walks into a sperm bank with a jar in his hand "What are you here for today, sir?" the front desk woman asks.  The man explains, "So I was here a couple of days ago and I was asked to bring a sample of my sperm. So I got home and I used both my left hand and right hand. Nothing. I asked my wife for help. She used her left hand and then her right hand. She tried using her mouth too. Still nothing. So then we decided to ask the neighbor for help. She used her left hand, and then her right hand, and then her mouth, and then under her armpit."  The woman is appalled. "You seriously had to ask your neighbor for assistance?!"  The man replies, "Yeah, and we still couldn't get the jar open."
A man walks into a bar and says... A shot of whiskey please.  The bartender quickly whips up a whiskey and while handing it to him says, "Dude, what happened to you, you're all filthy and ragged?"  The man replies, "Whew, I just had a couple of rough days, just recently I found out that my first son is gay!"  The bartender says, "I got nothing against gays, but it's your opinion not mine."  The next day the same man walks into the bar and orders two whiskeys  The bartender says, "You look terrible my friend, what happened?"  The man meekly looks at the bartender and says, "Remember how I said that my first son is gay? Yeah, well my second son is gay too!"  Not really understanding why being gay was so bad, the bartender simply gave him his whiskeys and patted him on his back.  It wasn't until the following week when the same man as before walked back into the bar. Assuming that the man had another gay son the bartender proceeds to ask him, "What, does nobody in your family like women?"  With an aghast look on his face, the man slowly whispered, "Well, apparently my wife does"
A violent panda walks into a restaurant Eats shoots and leaves.
A man walks into a bar.. Ouch
So a man walks into a bar, and sits down. He starts a conversation with an old guy next to him. The old guy has obviously had a few. He says to the man: "You see that dock out there? Built it myself, hand crafted each piece, and it's the best dock in town! But do they call me "McGregor the dock builder"? No! And you see that bridge over there? I built that, took me two months, through rain, sleet and scorching weather, but do they call me "McGregor the bridge builder"? No! And you see that pier over there, I built that, best pier in the county! But do they call me "McGregor the pier builder"? No!"  The old guy looks around, and makes sure that nobody is listening, and leans to the man, and he says:  "but you fuck one goat..."
A three-legged dog walks into a saloon. He limps up to the bar and says to the bartender, "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw".
A frenchman walks into a bar Business is pretty slow, so the bartender starts up a conversation.  "What's your name?"  The frenchman looks up from his drink and smiles, happy to have someone to talk to.  "Jacque"  "Oh that's cool, my name is Jack!"  An awkward silence ensues. The bartender then decides to carry on the conversation.  "So what's your last name?"  "Merde"  "So your name's Jacque Merde?"  "Oui"  Upon hearing this, the bartender stifles a laugh.  "What's so funny?" asks the frenchman  "Your name, it translates rather poorly"  Angered that this person he just met is analyzing him, the frenchman exclaims  "Hey listen buddy, you don't know Jack Shit!!"
So a 1024MB Memory Card walks into a bar... The Memory Card spots a piano, sits down at it and starts playing some incredible music.  After a number of songs, mostly original, the Memory Card gets up and the bar goes wild with cheers and applause.  The bar owner was incredibly impressed and runs up to the Memory Card and says, "Buddy, you were INCREDIBLE! If you come back tomorrow, I'll split the night's till with you!"  "No can do..." says the Memory Card. "I'm limited to one gig!"
An 800 pound gorilla walks into a bar... he sits down and the bartender looks at him nervously and says, "What'll it be?"  The gorilla says, "I'll have a Manhattan."  The bartender makes him a Manhattan, hands it to him, says "That'll be 14 bucks," and watches him take a drink. He stares nervously for a minute then says to the gorilla, "Sorry to stare, but you know...it's just not something you see every day."  The gorilla takes another drink and replies, "I agree. $14 is a bit much for a Manhattan."
Three Nazis walk into a BAR None survive.
A woman walks into a hotel and asks for a room. She pays the 100$ and goes upstairs. The hotel manager quickly grabs the 100$ and run next door, where he pay the local prostitute the 100$ he owes her.  The local prostitute quickly runs to the baker and pays him the 100$ she owes him for not paying last days bread.  The baker, who still hadn't paid for the birthday pork from earlier this week, runs to the butcher and pays him the 100$.  The butcher hadn't paid for his stay at the hotel, so he runs to the hotel and pays the manager.  Then the woman arrives after checking the room and says she's not satisfied, and that she would like her money back.   The manager apologises and hands her the 100$ back.  And that's how you solve an economical crisis.
A guy walks into a Canadian bar It apologizes.
Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a dirty martini. Bartender asks, "Olive or twist?"
A woman walks into a supermarket She grabs a zucchini and two limes and goes to pay for them. As the cashier is ringing up her items he comments to her;  "I can tell you're single"  The woman giggles and asks coyly  "Oh what gave that away"  The cashier replies  "Because you're fat"
An old guy walks into a bar and the bartender asks for ID.  "You've got to be kidding," he said. "I'm almost 60 years old." The bartender apologized, but said he had to see the license. The guy showed his ID, then paid and told the bartender to keep the change. "The tip's for carding me," he said. The bartender put the change in the tip cup. "Thanks," he said. "Works every time." 
A man walks into a buffet... He puts a sausage on his plate, and his German friend says "now you're speaking my language!".  Then, he adds a slice of pizza to his plate, and his Italian friend says "now you're speaking my language!".   Then, the man has an incredible urge to sneeze. He reaches for a tissue and raises it up, and his French friend says "now you're speaking my language!".
An octopus walks into a bar [NSFW] An octopus walks into a bar and the bartender immediately turns to him and says “Hey buddy, we don’t serve your kind here! You have to leave!” The octopus, feeling disrespected, retorts. “Well why not? I can do anything any of you can do!”  The bartender looks at him, discontent. “Really? Well can you play an instrument?” “Well sure! Anything you can throw at me!” “Really? Then go over and play us a song on the piano.” The octopus walks over to the piano on the wall, lifts the hood and plays a perfect rendition of Chopin’s Nocturne. The bartender is furious.   “Clearly I made that too easy! That’s no fair! Here.” The bartender reaches under the bar and pulls out a clarinet. “Let’s see what you can do with this thing.” The octopus pensively takes it, toying with it momentarily. Once he gets a feel for the sound, he whips out a simple, but passable, song. Again, the bartender is frustrated.   “Well, anyone can play the clarinet!” the bartender exclaims. He huffs off to the back office and comes back holding a bagpipe. He hands it to the octopus. “Here! Let’s see what you can do with this!”  The octopus takes the bagpipe and begins inspecting it carefully, toying with it, inspecting every stitch and seam. After a few minutes of this the bartender gets confused. “Well, aren’t you going to play it?”   The octopus turns to the bartender. “Play it? Once I figure out how to get this sweater off of it I’m gonna fuck it!”
A horse walks into a bar nutsack joke 
A horse walks into a bar and requests "Hello, I'd like some anthropomorphization please" The bartender replies: "I think you've had enough already"
A black guy walks into a bar... Black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. Bartender looks at him and says “awe man that’s beautiful, where’d you get it?” The Parrot says “Brooklyn”
A man walks into a bar and is offered a promotion for a free drink if he finds a crocodile with a crooked tooth and screws the lady upstairs He declined.          After a few drinks, he’s drunk and his pockets are empty as well.          The lady offers him the special promotion again.            At a desperate attempt for more booze, he accepts.            “I’ll be right back!” he exclaims.          An hour later he comes back. “Now where do you think I can find the lady with the crooked tooth?”
A man walks into a bar and orders a drink After sitting he realises he really needs to fart, it's going to be a loud one. The man hears music in the bar and thinks to himself "I'll just fart along to the music so people don't really hear it. Perfect." He controls his butthole perfectly and is in perfect time with the music. However people are turning and looking at him. Then one of his earbuds falls out.
A cowboy walks into a saloon and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman…     He gives her a quick glance then causally looks at his watch for a moment.  The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?"  "No", he replies, "I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it."  The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What's so special about it?"  The cowboy explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically."  The lady says, "What's it telling you now?"  "Well, it says you're not wearing any panties."  The woman giggles and replies, "Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties!"  The cowboy smiles, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing's an hour fast."
A feminist, a vegan and an atheist walk into a bar. How do you know? She told you
A young liberal arts student walks into a bar... A young liberal arts student walks into a bar. He sat down and ordered 2 beers.   An Asian guy sitting on his right hand side stared at him and went: so, how does it feel to be in the mid 20s but still live with your parents?   The young liberal arts student was instantly surprised. "Yes! I lives with my parents!" he thought to himself:"but how did this guy know? Do I know this guy?" He then did a quick brain search, but couldn't think of a single Asian guy he knew. So he maintained his composure, and replied calmly: "Sir, I'm sure you mistook me for someone else. I moved out the day I enrolled in college."  5 minutes later, the Asian guy tried again to start a conversation by saying:"So, did your dad get the tenure? Or still an assistant prof?"  The young liberal arts student got flabbergasted! His father actually teach in the same college he attends! What's going on? Is this Asian guy a family friend? He searched through his mind once more. Nope, couldn't think of any Asian guy he had ever made acquaintance under any circumstance. Probably just some random drunk. So he replied: "Look, I don't know who you are but you better leave me alone. My father is a lawyer, not a teacher."  Soon an African guy walked in and sat on his left. The African guy took a glance at him and went:"Hey there young fellow, how's your culture study thesis going?"  The young liberal arts student was completely baffled. "Oh my god." He thought."I am working on a culture study thesis! How the hell did he know! I'm positive I don't know this guy!"  "OK!" the young liberal arts student finally snapped:"OK I lied. I live with my parents. I have a father that is teaching at the same college I go to. And I'm a culture studies major. OK, you got me, you happy? But how the fuck did you know? I don't fucking know you! I don't fucking know any of you! Just wtf is going on???"  The bartender turned around. He picked up a cup and started cleaning. With a smile, he said:"Who else wears an antifa hoodie to a bar?" 
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad..... One night a man walks into a bar looking sad.  The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says “Oh just a beer”. The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong, why are you so down today?”. The man said “My wife and i got into a fight, and she said she wouldn’t talk to me for a month”. The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”? The man said “Well the month is up tonight”.
Two Mathematicians walk into a Reddit themed bar... The bartender says: "We don't really get your kind 'round here."  One of the math wizards  replies: "Mathematicians?"  To which the bartender replies: "No, math jokes."
A man walks into a bar... AND HIS NAME IS JOHN CENA
A fungus walks into a bar... and meets another of its kind. They hit it off immediately, until the bartenders says "you look like really fun guys!".
A blind man walks into a bar And a table And a chair
A Man walks into a bar The bartender says "get out of my kids"
3 strings walk into a bar. The first one orders a drink. The bartender says we don’t serve your kind in here. So the second string ties itself into a bow and proceeds to order a drink. Nope, says the bartender, you’re a string. Third string ties itself into a knot and frays each end. Orders a drink. Bartender eyes the string up and down and says, aren’t you a string? And the string says, frayed knot!
Young man walks into a bar Orders 6 shots of tequila.  Bartender says: " what are we celebrating?"  Young man says; " my first blow job"  Bartender says; " well here's a 7th shot on the house"  Young man's says: " if 6 ain't going to get the taste out, 7 won't"
The past, present, and future walk into a bar.. It was tense.
A Man Walks Into A Bar... And orders 5 shots of whiskey.  "Wow, 5 shots. Whats the occasion?" asks the bartender  "My first blowjob," replies the man solemnly   "Wow, congratulations!," says the bartender, "And you know what, here's a sixth shot on the house"  "Thanks," says the man "but I don't think even six shots will get the taste of cock out of my mouth"
So, 13 blackberries and 5ipads walk into a bar. They get hammered.
A guy walks into a bar... It hurts.
A three legged dog from the wild west walks into a bar and looks around The bar tender looks a him and says "who are you looking for?"  to witch the dog replies "I'm looking for the guy who shot my paw"
A man walks into a bar... He was in this huge city that he had never been to before. He look over and saw a man in a weird suit. This man looked like he was having a stressful day so he bought him a drink. The man in the suit came over and said, "You know I will tell you a little secret. There is a building in this town that will wisp you to the top if you jump off." The man though it was to good to be true so he went with the man.   They get to the top of this building and the weird suited man said, "All you have to do is count to three and you will appear at the top." So he jumps. He counts one, two, three WHOOSH. He appears to the top. So the man jumps off the building and he goes one, two, three, SPLAT! Later the guy with the weird suit went back to the bar and the bartender says, "Superman, you are a dick when you're drunk."
A battery, a bra, and a pair of jumper leads walk into a bar The bra approaches the barman and asks for 3 beers, which the barman refuses to serve her. The bra then asks why, to which the barman responds, "You're off your tits, and those two look like they're going to start something".
A guy walks into a public bathroom... He sees a phone number written on the wall with "call for a good time" scrawled beneath it. Curious, he gives the number a call. An old man picks up the phone.   "Hey, your number was written on the bathroom stall and it said 'call for a good time'?"  The old man, having received the same phone call twice a day for a week, says "no. Can you please rub it off?"  "I mean, I didn't want to, that's why I called you."
A tax cheat, a racist, and a sex offender walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What'll it be, Mr. Trump?"
Pi and -7 walks into a bar They both ordered drinks.  " I identify as a fraction!" said Pi  "You cannot be a fraction" said -7  "I can identify as a letter if I want, I can be an equal sign if I  want!!! Don't tell me who to be! You are so negative."  -7 sighed, took a sip of his drink and said "you irrational number"
A bear walks into an office and says to the receptionist "I have an interview". The receptionist just looks at him for a while so the bear continues "with Moose the manager". The receptionist smiles and nods then says "Why the big paws??"
An Islamic extremist walks into a gay bar "Shots for everyone" he says  Too soon?
3 men walk into a bar... ...and the fourth one ducks. 
Two men walk into a bar and see a big guy sitting at the end with a tiny head... One guy says to the other guy "Go over there and ask him why is head so small." The second guy says "No way man you do it."    So he proceeded to the end of the bar asking him "Hey man, why is your head so tiny?"  The guy with the tiny head says "It's okay, everybody ask me all the time. I was walking down a beach and discovered a genie lamp. A genie came out and she was absolutely gorgeous. She said she would grant me three wishes. So I wished to be a billionaire, my 2nd wish  was to live forever, and my 3rd was to have sex with the genie."  The genie says "I cannot grant your last wish. It is not allowed."  So I replied "Well how about a little head?"
A duck walks into a bar and orders a drink.Give me a fucking scotch and soda you sonavabitch. Jeez why the bad language? asked the barkeep? Oh sorry  I just like to use fowl language. 
A man walks into a restaurant... A man walks into a restaurant and orders a regular burger and fries. A little later, the waitress brings his meal to him. He takes a bite out of it, and immediately notices a small hair sticking out of the hamburger. He begins yelling frantically at the waitress, "Waitress, there's a hair in my burger! I demand to see what is going on!"  So, the waitress takes him back where the cook is and to his horror, he sees the cook take a meat patty and flatten it under his arm pit. He says, "That's disgusting!"  The waitress says, "You think that's disgusting, you should see him make donuts!"
A man walks into a bar with a crocodile The bartender says "Hey, you can't have that dangerous animal in my bar".   So the man says "If I manage to prove you that the animal is safe, will you allow it?"   The bartender agrees to this and the man then proceeds to pull down his pants and puts his penis between the open mouth of the crocodile. After 5 minutes of doing so, he removes his penis from the mouth of the crocodile.   He then turns to the amazed crowd at the bar and says "Anyone else wants to give it a try?"   A man at the back of the bar raises his hand and timidly says "I would like to try, however I don't think I'll be able to keep my mouth open for so long" 
An Englishman, a Scottish man, and an Irish man all walk into a pub with their wives. They all sit down and order a cup of tea. The Englishman looks to his wife and says “could you pass the honey, honey?” The Scottish man thinks to himself how clever that was, then turns to his wife and says “could you pass the sugar, sugar?” The Irish man - not wanting to be out witted by the other two men - looks over at his wife and says “Could you pass me the milk ye fucking cow?”
Horse walks into a bar Bartender asks “why the long face?”
An Englishman, a Scotsman, a Welshman and an Irishman walk into a bar. They’re accompanied by their sons. The Englishman says, "My son’s named George. He was born on St. George’s Day." The Scotsman says, "My son’s named Andrew. He was born on St. Andrew’s Day." The Welshman says, "My son’s named David, he was born on St. David’s Day." The Irishman turns to his son and says, "Come on Pancake, let’s get out of here."
A software QA engineer walks into a bar. He orders a beer. Orders 0 beers. Orders 99999999999 beers. Orders a lizard. Orders -1 beers. Orders a ueicbksjdhd.   First real customer walks in and asks where the bathroom is. The bar bursts into flames, killing everyone.
An Irishman walks into a bar amd orders three pints of Guiness. He takes them to a table and takes a drink from each one, alternating cups until all of them are empty.  He comes back the next week and does the same. Three pints and takes a drink from each until they are all gone.  The third time he comes in the barman, curious, asks why he drinks like that.  "Oh it's for my brother's. We live all over the world and don't get to see each other very often. Doing this feels like we are all together once a week."  "That's lovely." Says the barman and wishes him well.  This continues for several years and the Irishman becomes something of a celebrity as the story circulates among the other regulars.  Until one night, the man comes in and orders two pints. A hush falls over the bar as they watch him take his drinks and continue alternating like always but with a pint missing.  The barman, who first asked him about the tradition feels compelled to go over.  "I'm so sorry for your loss," he says pointing at the pints.  Confused the Irishman looks at him before laughing and saying, "No, we're all fine. I just gave up drinking."
A blind guy walks into a lesbian bar But everyone’s cool about it and he’s served his drink.  Then, after a few minutes he says, “Hey, bartender; wanna hear a blonde joke?”  The place goes dead still.   Finally the bartender says, “Look, mister, I know you’re visually challenged and all; I’m gonna cut you some slack. But there’s a few things you should know.  “Sitting next to you, on your right, there’s an off-duty cop. She’s armed, and she’s a blonde. On your left you got a martial arts expert with black belts in seven different disciplines. She’s a blonde. At the table behind you, two sisters: a professional wrestling team. Both are blondes. And me, I got a .357 Magnum under the counter. I’m licensed, trained, and it’s loaded. And, you guessed it: I’m a blonde.  “So I want you to choose your words carefully before you answer this question: do you still want to tell that blonde joke?”   “Aw hell no. Not if I have to explain it five times!” 
A gal walks into a bar and orders a beer. "What have you been up to today?" the bartender asks. "Funny you should ask. My horoscope said that my ex would pop up today," the gal says. "I've been down at the river all day, and luckily, no sign of him so far." 
A pirate walks into a bar..... A pirate walked into a bar with his ship’s steering wheel hanging off his pants. The bartender says, “Hey! What’s with the steering wheel?” The pirate says, “I don’t know but it’s driving me nuts!”
Helium walks into a bar The bartender says: “I’m sorry we don’t serve noble gasses here”.   Helium doesn't react!
A man walks into the bar. He sees a mod of r/Jokes crying over the counter.  "Hey buddy, what's wrong with you?" the Man asks.  Mod: "My life is pathetic. I've been a mod for the past 4 months and I was told I'd get a paycheck of $70000 every month. Those fuckers haven't paid me anything yet. I'm totally broke now, my family left me and the bank is taking away my home. When I went to their office, they just handed me this stupid urn containing the ashes of the previous mod."  Man: "Oh my God, this is pathetic. If only I could do something..." Suddenly an idea struck him. "Buddy, I've an idea. Just do what I say."  The man asks the bartender for a bottle of Gin, Tequila and Vodka and adds some of each to the urn and shakes it. The mod and the bartender stare at him in absolute horror.  Man: "Drink it."  Mod: "WHAT?! NO!"  Man: "If you drink this everything in your life will get sorted."  The mod reluctantly drinks it. As soon as he finishes the drink he gets a call from his boss. The boss says he transferred the 4 months' pay to the mod's account with a little extra as a fine for late payment. The mod is astonised.  Mod: "How the hell did you even do that?"  Man: "It's simple. Mod earn problems require  mod urn solutions." 
Two men walk into a bar The third one ducked.
A guy with a dick-shaped nose walks into a bar “Why the schlong face?” Asks the bartender.
A guy walks into a bar owned by Eminem... He says,"Give me 2 shots..."  The bartender cuts him off and says,"You only get 1 shot."
David Hasselhoff walks into a bar… ...and says to the barman, "I want you to call me David Hoff."  "Sure," says the barman.     "No hassle."
A man walks into a bar... And asks the bartender "Get me a drink. I'll take anything but Bud Lite."   Bartender asks "What do you have against Bud Lite?"   "Well last time I drank that stuff I killed 21 bottles, went home and blew chunks." He answered   "You must be stupid! Drinking 21 of anything will make you blow chunks." Replied the bartender   "I think you misunderstood." Says the man "Chunks is my dog!"
A woman walks into a butcher and asks for a pound of kidleys The butcher says "do you mean kidneys?" She answers "that's what's I said diddly I"
A man walks into his own bedroom with a sheep around his neck. His wife is already in bed.  The man says: "Look, this is the pig I fuck when you're not here".  His wive: "But that's a sheep".   The man: "I wasn't talking to you". 
A man walks into a bar He asks the bartender, "Do you have any helicopter flavored potato chips?" The bartender shakes his head and says, "No, we only have plain."
A black guys walks into a bank... ... says "I'm looking for a job!"  The bank manager says, "Well, you're in luck! We have a position opening tomorrow that pays $48,000 a year and has access to a free car!"   The black guy says "You're joking."   The bank manager says "Well, you started it!"
A man walks into a bar... ...and screams "Ouch!"
A beautiful American family walks into a talent agency with their dog. The father says to the agent, “We have a really amazing act, you should see it.”  The agent says, “Sorry, family acts aren’t the thing right now, I’m going to have to pass.”     The mother says “Sir, if you see our act, we’re sure you will want to represent us.”     The agent says “Ok, i guess it couldn’t hurt.”      The muscular father makes off his belt and hands it to his wife, before he starts to strip his young daughter naked. He and his boyish son take their clothes off, and his son lays on the floor. He pushes his daughter on top of his son and starts to suck his son’s dick while fingering his daughter vigorously. He then hocks a large amount of phlegm into his mouth and spits it on his daughters groin allowing him to being to finger her asshole with his three of his fingers. He does this for a while before grabbing his son’s erect penis and thrusting it into his daughters asshole. He then thrusts his own penis into her vagina allowing them to simultaneously fuck her. The mother then takes her husbands belt and hold it in a loop in order to repeatedly whip the face of her daughter while she is being fucked so brutally. The daughter blacks out from the pain and then the wife starts to choke her husband with the belt until he is blue in the face, which only makes his dick harder. The entire time a young toddler was sitting, smiling and laughing as the shenanigans ensued.     The wife then grabs the dog by the collar and leads him over to her husband. She rubs her genitals violently until she is very wet and then starts to finger her husband using the lubrication produced by her arousal to facilitate the anal penetration of her entire fist. Then she begins to give the dog a hand job while still fisting her husband before instructing the dog to mount the husband, grabbing the massive penis of the family dog and forcing it into the fathers rectum. She then balances herself on top of the father’s back allowing the dog to lick her vagina while it is happily fucking her husband who is still double penetrating his daughter with his son.     The mother then lays on her back with her ass arched in the air. The daughter fills the mothers rectum with ghost pepper salsa, picks up the baby, and inserts the baby’s head into the mother’s rectum. Then the son crawls under the baby and begins to sodomize it, promptly being accompanied by his father in order to perform double anal on the baby. While this is happening, the mother performs oral sex on the daughter who is so tickled that she begins to urinate into her mother’s mouth. The mother drinks the urine happily while the father and son work together to move the baby’s skull in and out of it’s mother’s rectum repeatedly in order to allow it to breathe a bit.     The mother releases the baby from her rectum and excretes the remaining salsa onto the face or her son who was positioned under her. The father lays down on his back still fucking the baby, and the daughter brings a hammer over and breaks the jaw of the crying baby enough to unhinge it. She then defecates solid healthy feces into the baby’s mouth before the son then uses his penis to force the feces down the baby’s throat. The daughter forces fist into the dog’s rectum and withdraws ample amounts of worm infested feces. Her brother takes his penis out of the baby’s mouth for a second to allow his sister to load more feces into the limp mouth of the choking baby before using his penis to force the new load of feces down the baby’s throat.     The boy then withdraws his penis to allow his sister to begin french kissing the baby before starting to perform the Heimlich maneuver on the baby, forcing the feces out of it’s throat and into the mouth of his sister who starts slowly swallowing some of the feces. The son begins to fuck his sister doggy style while his mother lays down arching her back to position her vagina in front of the girls mouth, allowing the daughter to deposit much of the gifted feces mixed with some vomit into her mothers vagina. When satisfied with the deposit, the mother crab walks over to her husband and sits on his face, allowing him to happily eat the mixture of feces and vomit extruding from his wife’s vagina.     The daughter takes a hatchet and begins chopping at the now dead baby’s neck, taking a healthy number of blows before her childlike strength was able to sever the head and neck at the shoulder blades. The daughter then inserts the severed baby’s head into her fathers rectum before the son is able to penetrate the decapitated esophagus of the baby’s skull with his penis, just barely narrow enough to fit into the tight hole. After this, the daughter takes the hatchet and with her mother holding the headless baby still she begins to sever the limbs of the baby. It takes a few whacks for each one, but eventually both arms and both legs are removed. The daughter then takes the torso of the baby and gives it to her father who begins to fuck the esophagus of the headless and limbless baby.      The daughter takes zip ties and tightly binds the two legs of the baby together tightly, the two arms of the baby together tightly, and then zip ties these two sets together by the protruding bones. She then takes one zip tie around her waist and strings this through the tie connecting the two sets of limbs, and with a final tie strung between this same spot she runs it through her asscheeks and zips it around the belt she had fastened. With these four limbs dangling from her waist she begins to fuck her mother with her handmade strap on. She simultaneously penetrates her mothers anus and vagina with the baby’s stiff limbs, performing the legendary double vaginal double anal with her homemade strap-on made from the limbs of a baby and begins to fuck her mother rigorously vigorously.     The boy then withdraws the baby’s skull from his father’s rectum while still fucking it, walks over to his mother and pulls the baby’s esophagus to the base of his dick, allowing the tip of his penis to exit the baby’s mouth as he ejaculates into his mother’s moaning mouth. The boy then goes over to the dog and begins to suck on it’s penis vicariously until it also ejaculates. The father then flips the limbless baby torso around and begins to penetrate the baby’s rectum violently. He ejeculates inside of the baby’s rectum and brings the torso over to his wife who suck’s her husbands ejaculate out of the baby’s rectum. After this, the boy walks over to his mother with his mouth full of a massive amount of the dog’s semen and spits it into his mother’s mouth. She then starts to ride her daughter cowgirl, bouncing enthusiastically on all 4 baby limbs still penetrating her deeply. She then makes out with her daughter allowing them both to savor the semen of the dog, the boy, and his father before allowing her daughter to swallow the load.     The smiling family all look at the agent with hope in their eyes. He smiles, a bit awestruck, and says “That’s one hell of an act. What do you call it?”     The four of them say to him in unison “The Aristocrats!”      
A guy walks into a bar, sits down and says to the bartender "Give me two beers. Rough day at work."   And the bartender says, "Oh? what do you do?"   The guy says, "I take care of the Corgis - you know, the dogs that the royal family owns."   The bartender says, "Tough job, huh?"   The guy says, "Well, all that in-breeding has led to low intelligence and bad temperament. And the dogs aren't that smart either."
A man walks into a public toilet A man walks into a public toilet, and starts peeing in the standing urinal. Peeing beside him is a black guy, with a large dick.  The man looks at his pack and asks, "How is it so big?"  He responds, "When I was young, my mom used to put weights on it, so it would grow"   A week later, the man returns to the same public toilet only to find the black guy in there again.   The black guy asks him, "How's it going?"  The man responds, "Well, it didn't grow just yet, but its become black alright"
A lady walks into a bar And asks the barman for a double entendre?  so he gave her one. 
A chemist and a grammar nazi walk into a bar... The bartender asks them what they'd like to drink. "Ill have some H2O" says the chemist, "I'll have some H2O as well" says the grammar nazi. Both enjoy their drinks and walk home.
A beautiful girl walks into a bar. * A beautiful girl walks into a bar and sits down. * A man approaches her and says "You're about to get laid tonight." * She says giggling "How do you know that?" * Because I'm stronger than you.
A little boy walks into a bar... he is treated for minor concussions...    it's funny cause he's a minor, laugh
The avengers walk into a bar Except vision. He phased.
A vaping vegan walks into a bar Just kidding they're incapable of doing anything remotely cool. 
A bear walks into a bar A bear walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "I'll have a pint of beer and a.......... packet of peanuts." The bartender asks, "Why the big pause?"
A set of jumpleads walk into a bar... The bar man says "I'll serve you but you better not start anything."
A cowboy walks into a bar in Texas . . .  . . . orders three mugs of Bud and sits in the back room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn.   When he finishes them, he comes back to the bar and orders three more. The bartender approaches and tells the cowboy, “You know, a mug goes flat after I draw it, it would taste better if you bought one at a time.”  The cowboy replies, “Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in Australia, the other is in Dublin, and I’m in Texas. When we all left home, we promised that we’d drink this way to remember the days we drank together. So I drink one for each of my brothers and one for myself.” The bartender admits that this is a nice custom, and leaves it there.  The cowboy becomes a regular in the bar, and always drinks the same way. He orders three mugs and drinks them in turn.  One day, he comes in and orders two mugs. All the regulars take notice and fall silent. When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bartender says, “I don’t want to intrude on your grief, but I want to offer my condolences on your loss.”  The cowboy looks quite puzzled for a moment, then a light dawns and he laughs. “Oh, no, everybody’s just fine,” he explains, “it’s just that my wife and I joined the Baptist Church in Sweetwater and I had to quit drinking. Hasn’t affected my brothers though.” 
Sean Connery walks into a bar. The bartender asks: "So was that a martini, shaken, not stirred?"  Sean Connery replies: "No you fool! I ashked you where your toilets were. I'm 88 years old, I have incontinensh for god shakes!"
A man walks into the doctors office... Man: Hi, I’d like to make an appointment.   Receptionist: How about 10 tomorrow?  Man: No thanks, I don’t need that many
A man walks into the IRS office A man walks into the IRS office. The person at the desk asks "Sir, why are these charges on your account irregular?" "That's easy, I make a lotta bets." "Oh, really?" "Yeah, I bet you 5,000 dollars that I can bite my eyeball." The man pauses and looks at him questioning every word. "Okay, go ahead."  The man takes out his glass eyeball and bites down on it. "Okay, I'm a fair man I'll let you double your money." The other man looks at him and says "I can bite my other eyeball, as well." The man thinks for a second, knowing he had to get his money back, he accepted. The man takes his dentures and bite down on his eye. The man just looks at him. "I'll give you one more chance for 15,000 dollars." The man thinks for a second then says "I bet I can urinate in that bin without missing one drop. The man accepts, and the other man urinates all over the man's desk. The other man was pleased, as he would get his money back. The man asks why he did that and he says "Because I bet my lawyer I could piss all over your desk and you'd be happy about it.
An Ewok walks into a bar... An Ewok strolls into a bar and says to the bartender, “I’ll have a whisky and …… soda.”  The bartender says, “Sure thing—but why the little pause?”  “Dunno,” says the Ewok. “I’ve had them all my life.”
An Irishman, Scottish man and a French man walk into a bar... They all order a pint. The Frenchman gets his first. His pint happens to have a fly in it. He pushes the drink back, and asks for another one.   The Scottish man gets his beverage. Another fly is in it. The Scottish man takes out the fly, and drinks the pint.  The Irishman gets his pint. Unsurprisingly, there is a fly in it. The Irishman picks up the fly, looks at it, and yells, "SHPIT IT OOT YA BESTARD!"
Your mom walks into a bar and the bartender says, "Why the long face?" Confused, your mom asks, "What do you mean?"  The bartender replies, "Haven't you ever heard the joke about the whore that walks into a bar?"
A rabbi, a priest, and a Lutheran minister walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says, Is this a joke?
One day, the teacher walks into her classroom... She announces to the class that on Friday, she will ask a question to the class and anyone who gives the right answer can skip school on Monday.  So, on the first Friday, the teacher asks, "How many grains of sand are at the beach?" Well, the kids looked at one another, but no one had the answer.  The next Friday, the teacher asked, "How many stars are in the sky?" Again no one could answer.  Now, all of this frustrated Johnny Jokester. But he came up with a plan to get the three day weekend.  Thursday night, Johnny takes two ping pong balls, paints them black, and glues a string between them. The next day, he brings them to school in his backpack.  Finally, at the end of the day, the teacher was getting ready with her question.  Before she did, Johnny takes out the ping pong balls and throws them down the aisle towards the front of the class.  Seeing this, the teacher exclaims, "All right, who's the comedian with the black balls?" Johnny then calls out, "Flip Wilson! See you next Tuesday!"
Political correctness walks into a bar. Political correctness walks into a bar and says fuck this bar is too high and lowers it to the lowest common denominator. JM2C
A man walks into a bar... Ouch
A Guy and His Turtle Walk Into a Bar... And he sees another guy sitting at the bar with his pet greyhound. So he walks over to the guy and says "I bet you fifty bucks my turtle can beat your greyhound in a race to the other side of the bar". The guy looks at his pure-bred, muscular champion of a dog - then he looks at buddy's turtle - with it's cracked shell, broken leg, blood dripping from it's eyes... He says "alright buddy you're on". Suddenly the dog takes off - it's halfway across the bar... Turtle takes a couple of steps. The greyhound is 3/4 of the way across the bar! Turtle takes a couple more steps... Right before the greyhound is about the reach the other end of the bar buddy winds up and hoofs his turtle as hard as he fucking can - it hits the wall with a painful, resounding thud! The guy laughs and collects his fifty bucks.
A tourette walks into a bank and yells: This is a fuck up!
A guy walks into a psychiatrist's office and says,  hey doc, my brother's crazy! He thinks he's a chicken. Then the doc says, why don't you turn him in? Then the guy says, I would but I need the eggs. 
A man walks into a sofa Couch!
A man walks into a bar He goes to the bartender and says "You want to see something cool?" Bartender says,  "Sure, why not" The man pulls out a little man from his pocket and places him on the table.  Man asks, "You want to see something even more cool?" Bartender says, "Of course!" The man pulls out a little piano from his pocket and the little man starts playing the piano. The bartender is amazed and asked "How did you do that?!?" The man responds, well there is a genie outside granting wishes. The bartender rushes out in order to get his wish granted. A minute later the bartender and a rush of ducks fill the bar. The bartender goes to the man and says "I think the genie is hard of hearing. I asked for a million bucks, but he gave me a million ducks" "Of course the genie is hard of hearing!" the man responds, "You really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?!?"
So this guy with a premature ejaculation problem walks into a bar... And I kid you not, he came out of NOWHERE
A pedophile and a 5 year old walk into the woods late one night. The 5 year old says, "gee mister it sure is scary out here." To which the pedophile responds: "How do you think I feel? I gotta walk out of here alone."
A man named Jimmy walks into a bar He sits down at the bar and notices a couple lines of people standing at the other side of the bar.   Jimmy asks the bartender "what are those people standing over there for?"  The bartender replies, "oh, the owner has a nice system setup for people who can't pay their tabs. He really enjoys causing others pain, so if you stand in the first line you can get kicked by the owner and he lets you go free. In the second, the owner gets to twist your nipples as hard as he wants, but again, you get to go for free."  Jimmy responds "Wow, what an interesting system. You know what would make it a lot better?"  "What's that?" Asks the bartender  "If there was a punchline"
A black man walks into a bar... gets shot.
A guy walks into a bar. Ouch.
Two guys walk into a bar... Two guys walk into a bar.  The third guy ducks.  (Dad Joke)
A Canadian walks into a bar A Canadian walks into a bar, steps back, apologizes to the bar, and walks away.
So a man walks into a restaurant The waiter asks him what he would like  The man orders a plate of spaghetti and a cup of Coke.  The waiter asks "Is Pepsi ok?" So the man says yes.  Moments later, the waiter brings the man a cup of Coke and a big heaping plate of Pepsi
A man walks into the bar looking mad The bartender asks, "What's the matter?"  The guy replies, "Well I've got these two horses and I can't tell them apart. I don't know if I'm mixing up riding times or even feeding them the right foods."  The bartender suggests, "Why don't you try shaving the tail of one of the horses?"  The guy says, "That sounds like a good idea, I think I'll try it."  A few months later, he returns to the bar in worse condition. "I shaved the tail of one of the horses, but it grew back and I can't tell them apart again!"  The bartender says, "Why don't you try shaving the mane?"  A few months later the guy is back. "I shaved the mane of one of the horses, but it grew back!"  The bartender yells, "Just measure the damn horses. Perhaps one is slightly taller that the other one!" The guy storms out of the bar.  The next day, the guy runs into the bar. "It worked, it worked!" he exclaims. "I measured the horses, and the black one is two inches taller than the white one!"
A man walks into a bar and orders punch. Bartender says, "buddy if you want a punch you better get in line"  The man looks around, but there is no punch line.
Three men walk into a bar... An Irish man, a Scots man and an English man.   The Scots man goes: My son was born on St.Andrews day so we called him Andrew.  The English man says: That's funny, my son was born on St.Stephens day so we called him Stephen.  The Irish man pipes in: Wow that happened to my son aswell, isn't that right pancake!
A Prostitute Walks Into a Bar A prostitute walks into a bar. She spots a koala bear sitting at the end of the bar. After a little small-talk and flirting, the koala bear goes home with her. They frolic all night long. The next morning, the koala gets up and wanders towards the door.   "HEY! Where are you going?" yells the prostitute. "I haven`t been paid!"  Realizing that he is a koala bear and might not understand, she reaches for a dictionary and looks up *prostitute*.  She shows him the definition: PROSTITUTE (pros`ti toot) n. A woman who performs services for money. The koala bear looks at her and then grabs the dictionary.  He shows her a definition:  KOALA BEAR (ko all e Bare) n. A furry marsupial. Eats bush and leaves.
Man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt.... “Give me a beer.... and one for the road too.”
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar You can't tell me that it's just a coincidence...
Two dogs walk into a bar: What do they say? Nothing. Dogs don't speak.
A blind man walks into a bar... and a table... and a chair.
A Font Designer and a Police Officer Walk Into a Bar... The font designer leaves sans sheriff.
A white nationalist walks into a bar. He sits sullenly at the bar amidst a sea of minorities and sighs heavily.  The bartender comes around and asks what he can get for him.  The white nationalist replies: "Can I get a country where I can live among people from my own ancestry?  It is like this nation isn't even mine anymore.  We have people coming in from God knows where to do God knows what.  I am not a racist, I am just fed up with all of these different people coming in with their own customs.  Why don't they stay in their country?"  Before the bartender could reply, a Native American patron spoke up: "Please cancel that whiskey.  I will have what he is having!"
A jogger walks into a bar Now his head hurts 
A roman walks into a bar... holds up two fingers and says "five beers please!"
Why did the chicken walk into the bar? To screw in the lightbulb.
A Chinese businessman walks into a bar and has a seat. He raises his hand to the bartender, who happens to be black and says: "hey nigger, pour me a jigger."  The bartender responds: "hey man, you can't talk to people like that, but I'll let that one slide." He pours the man's drink and slides it down the bar.  A short while later, the businessman again flags down the bartender and says: "hey nigger, pour me a jigger."  In the most pleasant way he could the bartender replies: "look man, I've done nothing to upset you and I don't deserve that kind of treatment, this is your last chance." In hopes of avoiding argument he pours the man's drink and slides it down the bar.  After about ten minutes the businessman waved the bartender over and says: "hey nigger, pour me jigger."  The bartender, having enough of this mans racist remarks responds: "I've had enough of your racist shit, why don't you get behind the bar and see how it feels?"  The businessman is happy to oblige and switches places with the bartender. The bartender calls to the businessman and says: "hey chink, pour me a drink."   The businessman replies: "sorry, we don't serve niggers here."
A chinese man walks into a job centre A chinese man walks into a job centre, the person asks him "can you work in a shop?" the chinese man says "no no, can't work in shop" the person says "can you work in a restaurant?" the chinese man says "no no, can't work in restaurant" The person says "are you any good at supplies then"   The chinese man says "oh yes, I am good at supplies!" The person says "great, I will arrange with your employer to be there at 9am"   The Chinese mans employer is waiting for him at 9am, but he has not turned up. He is still waiting at 10am and nothing. At 11am the employer is about to phone the job centre when the chinese man jumps out at him and yells "supplies!"
A man walks into a hotels bar and sees an obviously very rich man sitting at the bar... So he walks up to the guy sits down next to him orders a drink and casually strikes up a conversation. He eventually steers the increasingly drunk rich man to a conversation about ridiculous bets. And on that subject he bets the rich man $7,000,000 that he can jump out of the window in the 14th floor hallway of the hotel and land back inside the window safely. The rich man seeing no way he could lose, eagerly writes out a check and heads up to the 14th floor with the guy. Once they're there the guy doesn't skip a beat, he leaps out the window goes around the building once and lands back inside the window tumbling up to the rich mans feet. The rich man says "well ill be a god damned monkeys uncle, how the hell did you do that?" The guy tells him that there's an air currant that hits this building in a special way that creates a loop that will pick you up around outside the 12th floor whip you around that building and shoot you back in up here on the 14th floor without fail. The rich guy being a man of his word hands him check and without a beat runs and jumps out of the window and falls 14 floors to his death on the sidewalk outside the bar down on the first floor. So just having won Seven million dollars in this bet the guy heads back down to the bar to have another drink to celebrate. When down there he can see a huge commotion through the windows  out front people surrounding the dead rich man in a panic on their phones calling 911, and he just walks up to the bar and asks for their most expensive scotch. The bartender looks at him shakes his head and says, "Superman your a fuckin dick when you're drunk"
An old granny walks into a sex shop She's shaking badly, and the clerk assumes she has a bad case of Parkinsons.  *"Show me a vibrator"*, she says.  The clerk shows her a 4" unit.  *"Bigger!"*, she demands.  The clerk takes out an 8" unit.  *"Still bigger!"*  Out comes a 12" unit.  *"Show me the biggest one you got!"*  The clerk pulls out a massive 20", three-pronged vibrator with a two-stroke engine.  *"That's the one! Now how do you turn it off?"*
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one orders a beer. The second orders half a beer. The third orders a third of a beer. The bartender bellows, "Get the hell out of here, are you trying to ruin me?"
A rabbit walks into a bar... ...and he says to the bar keep- 'Do you know of any jobs going in the area'?  The bartender replies- 'Just over there on that noticeboard is where people post their job advertisements, check over there'.   The rabbit checks and is disappointed to see no work is available for him. He thanks the barman and leaves.  The rabbit returns the next day, at the same time, and asks the bartender,again, if he knows of any jobs available. The barman directs the rabbit to the same board as before and watches as the rabbit checks and then leaves disappointed.  The same thing happens every single day at the same time for weeks and weeks, until one day, very early in the morning, a young man enters the bar and starts a conversation with the barman.  'Hello there, I am new to the area and I am hoping you may be able to help me. I am directing a modern reselling of the movie, Watership Down and I am looking to cast dozens of rabbits is multiple roles. Do you know of any?'  'Funny you should ask, there's a rabbit that comes in every morning, and asks for jobs. He'll be here in about 20 minutes if you want to wait?'  The man agrees and waits until the rabbit arrives. The two of them then engage in conversation for several minutes before the man leaves looking confused and the rabbit approaches the barman shaking his head, disappointed once again.  'What's up? I thought you would be a shoo in for a job with that guy, he had loads of jobs for rabbits!?' Says the barman.  'Well, he did' replies the rabbit. ' But i'm not an actor, i'm an electrician!'    
A man walks into a bar and says.... OUCH!!!  
A fish walks into a bar. Sushi. 
A, C, and E walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry we don't serve minors."
A man walks into a bar waving his gun around A man walks into the bar waving his gun around yelling, "I have 45 calibre Colt 1911 with a seven round magazine plus one in the chamber and I want to know who's been sleeping with my wife!" A voice from the back of the room called out, "You're gonna need more ammo!"
A transsexual, a tumblrina, and an owl-kin walk into a bar. Xhe orders a drink.
A man walks into a bar on top of a high rise And sees another patron in a deep conversation with the bartender. As the man walks up and orders a beer, he can't help but hear the patron extolling the wonders of urban air currents to the visibly bored bartender.  "Yeah Murray, it's incredible. The speeds these updrafts can reach would blow your mind. In fact, it's enough to lift a grown man!"  The man can't help himself. At this point he butts into the conversation and calls it impossible.  "I'll prove it to you!" The patron shouts before running to a nearby window, hopping out, doing a little spin in midair and landing safely right back inside.  "How did you do that?"  "It's the air currents. Anyone, you could even do it!"  After much cajoling, drinking, and cocktail napkins filled with inebriated physics, the man agrees to trust the air currents. He runs to the window, hops out, and plunges hundreds of feet to his death.  The bartender looks over and says, "You're an asshole when you're drunk, Superman."
A ham sandwich walks into a bar A ham sandwich walks into a bar and the bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve food in here"
A blind man walks into a bar... Then a post, then a door, then a wall...
An Islamic terrorist walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Good evening, sir! Would you like some alcohol?" The terrorist replies, "Yes, Allah-t of it!"
A piece of shit walks into the bar Its my dad. My dad is a piece of shit
Two Vampires Walk Into A Bar An American vampire walks into a bar and gets a shot of blood.  A British vampire walks in and gets a glass of hot water. The American vampire goes up to the British one and asks, "What the fuck are you doing?" He pulls out a tampon and says, " I'm making my tea you bloody bastard!"
A hunter walks into a bar. He's carrying the severed arms of a bear he had killed. He puts them on the counter.  The bartender says "Hey, get those out of here."   The hunter replies "This is America. I have the right to bear arms."
A man walks into a bar. His alcohol dependency is tearing his family apart
A chronic masturbator walks into a bar “Oh hi Henry”, said the bartender, "I've already poured your pint; I saw you coming from a mile away."
A woman walks into a bar and orders a double entendre "Tab open or closed?" says the bartender. "Open" she says. So he services her all night long.  A man walks into a bar and orders a double entendre. At the end of the night, the man is looking through his wallet. The bartender says, "Do you need something?" "Just the tip." says the man. "For me?" says the bartender, opening his mouth.  A woman walks into a bar and orders a double entendre. She immediately heads to the far back of the bar.  Drink in hand, the bartender searches the bar, smiles as he spots the woman, and then he gives it to her in the rear.  A minor walks into a bar and orders a double entendre. The bartender says, We do not serve minors here." The minor leaves. 
a lawyer, a priest, and a gangster walk into a bar bartender says, "what is this, a joke??"
a mushroom walks into a bar And the bartender says "we don't serve your kind here". The mushroom replies "what I'm a fungi". 
Harambe and Cecil the Lion walk into a bar Bartender asks, "What'll you have?"  They respond, "Two shots, please."
A neutron walks into a bar. The neutron asks "how much for a drink?" The bartender replies "For you, no charge."
A Roman walks into a bar an orders a martinus. "You mean a martini?" asks the bartender.  The Roman replies, "If I wanted more than one I would have said martini"
Stupid man walk into bar No you stupid get out of bar
Lincoln walks into a bar An older man walks into a bar wearing a stovepipe hat, a waistcoat and a phony beard. He sits down at the bar and orders a drink. As the bartender sets it down, he asks, "Going to a party?"  "Yeah, a costume party," the man answers, "I'm supposed to come as my love life."  "But you look like Abraham Lincoln," protests the bartender.   "That's right. My last four scores were seven years ago."
A polar bear walks into a pub and orders a pint of beer The barman says $18 please.  The polar bear pays and takes a seat.   Bemused, the barman approaches and says "this is exciting - we don't get many polar bears in here!", to which the polar bear replies: "I'm not surprised with beer at $18 a pint."
Higgs-Boson walks into the church and the priest says, 'We don't allow higgs bosons in here!' And the higgs boson says, 'but without me, how can you have mass?'
A guy walks into a bar... And he’s got a tiny head, completely disproportionate to his muscled body. One of the bar patrons goes up to him and asks, “So um... how’d that happen?” The man gulps down his drink and sighs. He’s recounted this story before.   “So I met this fairy by the lake. And she was absolutely beautiful. We got to talking and she said ‘You’ve been so nice to me, I’d like to grant you any three wishes you’d like.’   So I thought for a bit and for my first wish I asked to be completely jacked. Then poof. I had muscles big enough to lift a tree. For my second wish, I asked for all the money in the world. Poof. My bank account was overflowing. ‘What would you like for your third wish?’ she asked, batting her long lashes at me. I blushed and bashfully asked, ‘Well uh... how about a little head?’”
A man walks into a bar... It broke his nose
Deer walks into a bar Deer: Darn, where all the does at?
A copy editor walks into a bar and orders a beer.  "I'm giving up the past tense for Lend," he tells the bartender. 
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense 
A guy walks into a bar and sees this hot girl Guy: Hey there, would you like to hear a joke about my penis?  Girl: Ok, tell me!?  Guy: Let it be, it's really long!   Girl: Hey, do you want to hear a joke about my vagina?   Guy: Yeah, tell me  Girl: Forget it, you'll never get it!
A man walks into a pharmacy and asks for a vial of cyanide. Pharmacist: What do you need it for?  Man: I want to kill my wife.  Pharmacist: I’m sorry, sir. You have to understand I cannot sell you any cyanide.  The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a photo of his ugly wife.  Pharmacist: *blushes and replies* I am sorry sir, I didn’t know you had a prescription.
EA walks into a bar. Unlock the punchline for $9.99.
A roman soldier walks into a bar, holds up two fingers and says  "5 beers please!"
The past, present and future walk into a bar... Bartender says... "Well this is tense."
A man walks into a bar and leaves his Great Dane outside All of a sudden, someone bursts into the bar and asks the man: "Excuse me, is that your Great Dane outside? My Chihuahua has just killed it!"  The man stares back very confused. "What? Your Chihuahua has just killed my 150lb Great Dane? That's impossible! What could your Chihuahua have done to kill my Great Dane?"  "Well, I think it choked on my Chihuahua"
A Yakuza walks into a bar  holds up four fingers and says 5 beers in this table please
A flat-earther walks into a bar. A flat-earther walks into a bar and orders a drink.  The bartender say "Sorry we can't serve you alcohol. You can't afford to lose any more brain cells".
Hellen Keller walks into a bar... Then a table 
So, a snake walks into a bar. The bartender asks, “how did you do that?”
An atheist, christian, and a scientologist walk into a bar. The atheist and christian then beat the ever living shit out of the scientologist for being so damn stupid.
A priest and a rabbi walk into a bar, pushing a baby in a stroller. The men of the cloth sit at the bar, order drinks, and put the baby on the bar between them. The priest dips his pinky into his whiskey and "baptizes" the baby. He and the bartender share a laugh. The priest, not wanting to be outdone, takes out his pocketknife. He opens the baby's diaper, utters a prayer, and performs a bris, right there at the bar. The baby howls in pain. The bartender retches into a trash can. The priest takes a long sip of his drink and says, "Christ, Saul. You can be such a cut-up."
An anti-semite walks into a bar The bartender looks over to him. And with a great big smile the anti-semite says 'this is peewwwwdiepieeeeee'
L. Ron Hubbard walks into a bar... The bartender says "this seat's clear." Hubbard replies "that's not funny," and I was never heard from again.    (full disclosure, I read this on twitter six years ago)
A gorilla walks into a bar... A gorilla walks into a bar and says, "A scotch on the rocks, please." The gorilla hands the bartender a $10 bill.  The bartender thinks to himself, "This gorilla doesn't know the prices of drinks," and gives him 15 cents change.  The bartender says, "You know, we don't get too many gorillas in here."  The gorilla replies, "Well, at $9.85 a drink, I ain't coming back, either."
A pirate walks into a bar with the ship's steering wheel stuck to his crotch. Bartender: What the fuck is that?  Pirate: Arrr, it's driving me nuts.
A blind man walks into a bar That's the joke.
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel coming out of his zipper...  He sets up at the bar and orders a drink. The bar tender says, "whooaa whoaaa, before I serve you a drink, whats up with the steering wheel coming out of your zipper?" The pirate just says, "yaarrg its drivin' me nuts"
A black man with a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar... The man sits down and the parrot crows "a shot of whiskey".  While the bartender is making his drink, he asked the guy, "Woah!  That's so cool!  Where'd you get him?"  The parrot crows again, "Africa, there are literally hundreds of 'em!"
So A Man Walks Into a Bar... So a man walks into a bar and asks for a drink.  The bartender says, "I'll give you a free drink if you can tell me a meta joke."  So the man says, "So a man walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says, 'I'll give you a free drink if you can tell me a meta joke.' So the man says, 'So a man walks into a bar and asks for a drink. So the bartender gives him a drink.' So the bartender gives him a drink"  So the bartender gives him a drink.
A man walks into the library... And asks the librarian if they have the book for guys with small penises.  "I don't think it's in yet..."  "Yeah, that's the one!"
A priest, a rabbi, and a minister walk into a bar The priest orders a glass of red wine, in a kid's glass.        The minister asks for a bottle of root beer, with a shot of whiskey.        The rabbi asks the bartender for a glass of Manischewitz.     The bartender says, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
A horse and Sarah Jessica Parker walk into a bar... ...before the bartender says anything, the horse tells him: 'don't bother, she's heard it all before.'
A baby seal walks into a club ~fin~
Feynman, Einstein and Schrodinger walk into a bar... Feynman says: "It appears we're inside a joke."  Einstein replies: " But only to an observer who saw us walk in simultaneously." To which Schrodinger says:"If someone's looking through the window I'm leaving."     credit: big bang theory =) 
A young lady is working at an old people’s home when she walks into an old gentleman’s room. He’s holding a set of photographs and looks upset.  “What’s the matter?” She asks  “I’ve got no-one to pass these onto to when I go”. Says the old man, looking at his photos  “Let me show you” and he presents her with a photo of an old car, “this is my vintage E type Jaguar. It’s priceless and in pristine condition” “I’ll… I’ll let you have it if you just give me a quick flash of those lovely breasts.”  Interested in the prospect of inheriting the old mans car and feeling a bit sorry for the old geezer, she agrees and proceeds to undress for him.  Looking visibly happier, he pulls out another photo, “this is my house in Devon. It’s an 8 bedroom mansion with a swimming pool and 25 acres of land.” “You can have it, only, I’d love to see those breasts bouncing up and down in front of me.”  She thinks about this for a few seconds, then agrees and proceeds to jump up and down topless in front of the old man.  Now vibrant, the old man grabs another photo and says “here, look, this is my yacht off of the coast of Gibraltar.” “It’s yours, if you could just let me play with those spiffing breasts of yours for a couple of minutes.”  Deciding it’s worth it, she leans forward and let’s the old man have a good fumble of her jubblies.  Wide eyed and with a cheeky grin on his face, the old man says, “thank you so much my dear.” He stands up and hands her the three photographs.
An outlaw walks into a saloon in the old wild West, wearing a candy bar for a hat. Says the bartender, "Is that an Almond Joy on your head?"  Quoth he, "No, it's a Bounty."
A black man and a white man walk into a bakery The black man immediately steals three pastries and puts them in his pocket. He says to the white, "See how good I am? The owner didn't see a thing." The white man says to the black man, "That's typical of you black people. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result." He goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick." Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. The white man swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then the white man swallows that one and asks for a third pastry and eats that, too. The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "So what did you do with the pastries?" The white man replies, "Look in the black mans back pocket....."  :) :)
Argon walks into a bar The bartender says "sorry we don't serve noble gasses here"  Argon doesn't react.
A Law Student Walks Into A Bar A Law Student Walks Into A Bar. He passes. 
An infinite number of math mathematicians walk into a bar. The first orders 1 beer. The second orders 1/2 beer. The third orders 1/4 beer. The next orders 1/8 beer. Visibly frustrated the bartender slams 2 beers on the table and says "Guys, you need to learn your limits!" 
An infinite amount of mathematicians walk into a bar The first mathematician asks for a beer. The second asks for a half a beer. The third asks for a quarter of a beer and so on with the consecutive mathematicians having half the amount of beer as the mathematician before him.  The bartender says: "I'll just pour you 2 beers, you gotta know your limits!"
A Little Girl Walks Into Her Parents' Bedroom A 5 year old girl walks into her parents bedroom. She sees her mother naked, getting dressed. Confused, she asks her mother about her body.   "Mommy, Mommy, what are those?" she asks.   "These?" her mother asks. "They're my breasts sweetie."  "Am I going to get those?" she asks.   "Yes, sweetie." her mother says.   "When?" asks the girl.   "When you're older." her mother says.  She then looks down.   "Mommy, what's that?" she asks.  "This is pubic hair." the mother says. "You'll get that when you're older as well."  Her mother gets dressed and goes downstairs. Her father then comes out of the bathroom, drying himself off. The girl sees him, and has more questions.   "Daddy, Daddy, what's that?" she asks.   "Oh, it's my penis," he says.   "When am I going to get that?" she asks.   "Probably when you're 16 in the back of some guys car" he says. 
A cowboy walks into a saloon. He sits down at the bar and orders a whiskey. He chugs it down and says "TGIF!". A Mexican walks in, shakes his head, and says "SPIT!". A few minutes go by and the cowboy has downed his third whiskey. He stands up and declares, "TGIF!". The Mexican looks at the cowboy with a puzzled look, "SPIT" he says. The cowboys becomes angry and begins to chant "TGIF" over and over. The Mexican follows suit and chants "SPIT".  The bartender then gets fed up with the ruckus and hushes the cowboy and Mexican. He looks at the Mexican and says, "Do you know what TGIF is?". The Mexican replies with, "Of course I do, Thank God it's Friday!". The bartender is completely confused and asks, "What the hell is SPIT?".  "Stupid Pendejo its Thursday", the Mexican says.
Grasshopper walks into a bar Bartender can't believe his eyes, says, "holy shit we got a drink named after you!"  Grasshopper says, "what you got a drink named Kevin?"
A man walks into a bar And orders three shots of the bar’s most expensive shots. The bartender brings them out, and in less than ten seconds, the man had finished all three of them  The bartender says “Damn, that was fast”.  The man replies “Hey, you’d drink fast too if you had what I have”.  B: “Oh, I’m so sorry. What do you have?”  M: “50 cents”.
A Neutron walks into bar, orders a drink, and asks the bartender how much it would be... The bartender replied, "For you, no charge."
Your spouse, The Devil and God walk into a bar. The bartender says.   "Wow, what an odd group, one of you doesn't belong here."  And the devil says.   "Yeah, but both of them are arguing who is right,  and I need a drink."
A man walks into a bar, orders a drink. Downs it really quickly. Orders another. Downs that one too. The bartender says "Hey, buddy, are you okay?"  The man says "No, honestly, I'm not. I wanted to surprise my wife, and... I caught her in bed with another man."  The bartender says "Oh, man, that's awful! What are you going to do?"  The man: "I'm gonna drink myself to death. I just want to die."  Bartender: "That's not what I'd do. If I caught another man with my wife, I'd kill the bastard."  The man: "Hey, that's it! Thanks!"  The man leaves, and comes back an hour later. The bartender asks "So, did you do it? Did you kill the guy?"  The man, big smile on his face, says "No, I fucked your wife."
A grizzled old sea captain walks into a bar. He has a peg leg, an eye patch, and a hook hand. The captain sits down and orders a drink. The bartender serves it, and asks the captain a question.  -If you don't mind, how did you get that peg leg?  -I were chasing the white whale, laddy! Dangerous business!  -Well, how did you get the hook hand?  -Yar, had me a swashbuckling accident!  -Wow! Well what about the eye patch?  -A seagull pooped in me eye.  "What?" Asks the bartender. "How did you lose your eye from seagull poop?"  "Yar, t'were me first day with the hook."
Helium walks into a bar. Or, rather than walks, floats; for helium, at room temperature, is a gas, and thus has no legs with which to walk, and, due to its lighter-than-air nature, does not sink to the ground. The bartender himself is confused, for not only is helium invisible to the naked eye in the absence of another object to contain it, should quickly dissipate. Furthermore, a cloud of helium, lacking any sort of motor system, is at the mercy of atmospheric currents and cannot enter a bar under its own power. It should not have been capable of opening the door to the bar. Even if it could, hypothetically, propel itself in such a manner, the lack of any semblance of a nervous system would make meaningful coordination difficult, if not impossible. And, if the cloud of helium has no nervous system, how can it think to enter a bar? How can it be self-conscious enough to know that it desires a drink? To question it is to question the nature of the self itself. What is the self? Is the self the physical body? But when the body is wounded, and, say, a limb is lost, the removed tissue is no longer considered part of the self. Is the self the consciousness? Yet nobody denies that an individual is no longer himself when he sleeps. Is the self a spiritual force, invisible and nebulous like the helium which provokes these questions? No scientific, empirical evidence of such exists; it is the domain of scholars, priests, and mortals who chase the shadows of the unknown. Who could say? It is a question that mankind has struggled to solve since the dawn of time without success.  The bartender is facing an existential crisis when he recalls the bar's policy towards noble gases and his psyche is once again put at ease. "You're going to have to leave, we don't serve your kind here," he says, grunting at the mass of atoms.  The helium doesn't react.
A man walks into a bar. He sees another patron and decides to sit down next to him. A man walks into a bar. He sees one other patron in the bar and decides to sit down next to him. After a few drinks the man starts chatting up the patron.   Eventually, after a few more drinks and conversation, the patron asks the man if he wants to see something really incredible, but that he has to come to he roof of he bar to see it. The man hesitantly agrees and follows him to the room of the bar.  The patron explains to the man that there is a crazy draft of wind that allows someone to jump right off the roof and the gust will blow allowing you to land gently on your feet. In disbelief, the man challenges the patron to show him, to which he happily obliged.   Sure enough, the patron jumps off the roof and at the last second he seems to slow down and gently land on his feet. The man, hesitant to believe what he just witnessed, asks the patron to show him again. After a few more times, the man is finally convinced.   He jumps off the roof, and hits the ground with a splat and dies.   The patron walks calmly back into the bar and sits down and orders another drink. The bartender serves him and just gives him a stern look saying “Superman, you sure are an asshole when you’re drunk”
A man walks into a bar and orders a whiskey. A man walks into a bar and orders a whiskey. When the barman serves it up, he takes it out to the bench in front of the bar to drink it.  As he's enjoying his drink, a nun walks by, and glares at him.sourly. "How can you pollute your soul with the Devil's drink like that?" she asks  The man shrugs. "It's not the Devil, it's just whiskey."  "But it's sinful and wicked!"  "How do you know it's so bad, then? Have you ever tasted whiskey?"  "Of course not! My sisters and mother superior told me how evil drink is.  "But how do they know? Have they ever had a drink?"  They go back and forth like this for a while, before at last, the nun relents. "Well, I suppose that if I were to try a sip of whiskey, I would better understand how it corrupts the soul. But it wouldn't do for any of my sisters to come by here and see me drinking. Could you order me one in a teacup?"  The man agrees this is fair, and walks inside to the barman  "Two whiskeys, but put one in a teacup, please."  The barman slams his hand down on the bar and shouts "Is that damn nun here again!?"
Buddy walks into a bar... Buddy walks into a bar and the bartender asks, “What’ll it be, sir?”  Buddy says, “Pour me a double!”  The bartender gives him a double and buddy downs the drink.   Buddy says, “Pour me another double!”    The bartender gives him another double and buddy downs the drink.   Buddy says, “Now, pour me a triple!”   The bartender gives buddy the triple and says, “Here’s your drink, but I wanna know why you’re drinkin’ ‘em so fast!”  Buddy downs the triple and says, “Well, if you have what I have, you’d be drinkin’ ‘em fast too.”  The bartender asks, “Well, what do ya got?”  Buddy says, “I only got 50 cents.”
A Priest, Rabbi and Atheist walk into a bar and each ask for a drink. The bartender, saying nothing and looking disdainful, points to a sign clearly labelled: NO JOKES SERVED HERE  Without a fight the Priest, Rabbi and Atheist leave the bar, heads hanging.  The next day a chicken walks in and plops down on the barstool.  Wiping the inside of a glass, the bartender approaches and asks the chicken “Are you part of this joke?”  “Yeah.” the chicken replies.  Again, he points to the sign: NO JOKES SERVED HERE  The chicken argues “Well then how’s a chicken supposed to get his beak wet?”  The bartender moves his pointed finger from the sign to the window.  “There’s another bar across the road.”
A man walks into a veterinary clinic "My dog's head keeps drooping, so I would like to make an appointment," he says.  "Neck's weak?" asks the receptionist.   "Tomorrow would be better," he replies.
A guy walks into a bar, sits and has a drink He turns to the bartender and asks if he's a betting man. Bartender takes a moment and says he is.  "I bet you $10 I can spit into a shot glass with me in my stool and the glass behind you." Bartender takes the bet. The man takes a deep breath, and launches a spit dead center into the shot glass. Amazed the bartender congratulates the man, says he's never seen anything like that and hands him $10.  Next day same man walks in and tells the bartender he bets him $50 that he can spit into a shot glass with him on one end of the bar and the glass all the way at the other end. It was a pretty long bar so the bartender took the deal. The man takes an even bigger breath, aims and launches a spit that flies over the entire bar and lands dead center into the shot glass. Amazed and a little angry, the bartender reluctantly hands him the $50.  The next day the bartender eagerly awaits the man to come in so he can bet again and try to get his money back. The man walks in greets some of the other patrons,  taking his time before sitting at the bar. The bartender rushes over to him and asks "what's the bet going to be today" . The man says he doesn't want to keep taking his money but the bartender insists on another bet. Finally the man says to place a large glass by the store window and that from the bar he can pee into it for $50. The bartender figures there is no way that's humanly possible and tells the man he takes the bet but 8ncreases the bet to $100. The man agrees. He gets next to the bar unzips and begins peeing. He's peeing to the left, the right, he's spraying everywhich way he can to try and reach the glass. When it's all said and done the bartender and man look in the cup and there's not a drop of pee in it. The bartender jumps up and down with joy that he won. The man simple takes out a $100 and hands him the money without batting an eyelash and just simply goes back to drinking his drink and talking with other patrons.   The bartender finds this very strange and says: "Aren't you upset that you lost??"  "oh the $100? No not upset. I didn't lose"  "what do you mean you didn't lose? You completely missed the glass!"   "Yes I did. But you see that table of 6 over there? I bet them each $100 that I could piss all over your bar and you would be jumping for joy!"
A man walks into a bar... ...and waves to the bartender, another guy.  "I want three drinks, one for me, one for you and one for your fucking mother!"  The bartender frowns, but chooses not to say anything, and pours three drinks in front of the guy. The guy drinks one, the bartender other, and the third one is left there, to what the guy says:  "Now take that to your fucking mother!"  This same exchange happens the next day, and the next, and the next. Eventually, the bartender loses its temper and beats the shit out of the guy, kicking him out of his bar.  The next day, the same guy, bruised and limping, walks into the bar and asks:  "I want two drinks!"  The bartender is surprised, pours him two drinks, and asks:  "So, learned your lesson?"  The guy replies:  "You bet I did, one for me and one for your fucking mother! You get too agressive when you drink!"
The Beach Boys walk into a bar... "Round!"  "Round?"  "Get a round"  "I get a round?"
William Shakespeare walks into a bar. The bartender says "you're bard".
Cold War Era Joke: The chairman of the Communist party decides to go check how his fellow comrades are doing. He walks into a dreadful cinema and sits down. Before the movie starts, there is 15 minutes of communist propaganda, with him giving a boring speech at the end. Everyone stands up and Starts clapping and cheering enthusiastically.  The chairman is so humbled and stays seated, soaking in the love.  A few minutes into the cheering the guy on his left bends over and whispers directly in his ear.  "Comrade, I know how you feel, but if don't want to be sent to Siberia, you better stand and clap"
A man walks into the bar with a monkey on his shoulder He sits at the bar and orders a beer.  As the bartender is pouring his beer the monkey jumps off his shoulder and proceeds to eat everything in sight.  He eats all the bowls of mixed nuts, eats all the popcorn, jumps over the bar and eats all the marschianno cherries and all the green olives.  He even jumps on the pool table and eats the cue ball.  The bartender looks furiously at the guy and says, "what the hell man, your monkey just ate all my snacks and the cue ball off my pool table".  The guy apologizes profusely and pays for all the food and cue ball.  He finishes his beer and leaves.  A few weeks later the guy comes back with his monkey and orders a beer.  The bartender goes to pour his beer while keeping an eye on the monkey.  Sure enough, the monkey jumps off his shoulder, runs down to the peanuts.    He sticks a peanut in his ass and eats it.  Grabs a piece of popcorn, sticks that in his ass and eats it.  This continues with the cherries and green olives.  The bartender looking disgusted says "what the hell man, now he is not only eating my stuff but hes sticking it in his ass first?".  Guy replies "yeah, ever since the cue ball incident hes been measuring everything first".
Five guys walk into a bar They order a bag of fries.
A guy walks into a bar.... A guy walks into a bar and says to the barman, "Give me six double vodkas."  The barman says, "Wow, you must have had one hell of a day."  "Yeah, I just found out my oldest son is gay."  The next day, the same guy comes into the bar and asks for six more double vodkas. When the bartender asks what's wrong, the man says, "I just found out that my youngest son is gay, too!"  On the third day, the guy comes into the bar and orders another six double vodkas. The bartender says, "Jesus! Doesn't anybody in your family like women?"  The man downs the first drink and shakes his head, "Yeah, my wife!"
A guy walks into a bar and sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. The guy asks the bartender, "Hey, what's going on here?" The bartender replies, "Well, if you can jump in the air and slap the meat, you get free drinks for the rest of the night. But if you miss, you have to pay for everyone else's drinks for the next hour. What do you think? You want to try it?"  "No thanks," says the guy. "The steaks are too high."
A guy walks into a bar and sees three pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling The guy asks "What's this about?" the bartender replies, "Well, if you can jump up and slap the meat, you get free drinks for the rest of the night. If you miss, you pay for everyone's drinks for the next hour. You wanna do it?" The guy replies "Nah, the steaks are to high."
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The first says, "I'll have a beer." The second says, "I'll have one half of a beer." The third says, "I'll have one fourth of a beer." Frustrated, the bartender pulls out two bottles and says, "You guys should know your limits."
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and orders 10 shots of whiskey.  The bartender pours them and the man immediately downs them one after another.  The bartender says " are you ok, I've never seen anyone drink like that."  The man replied "if you had what I have you would drink like that too."  The bartender asks "that's rough, what do you have?"   The man replies "about $.50". 
A Man walks into a bar... and says "Ouch!"
A string walks into a bar... And orders a beer. The bartender tells him "We don't serve your kind here." The string walks outside and ties himself in a knot and separates his strands. He walks back inside and orders a beer. The bartender asks him "Hey, didn't I tell you we don't serve your kind here?"   To which the string replies "I'm a frayed knot."
A woman walks into a doctors office A woman walks into a doctors office and says "For the past couple months my vagina has had stamps from Costa Rica in it." So the doctor pulls out the stamps and says "these aren't stamps, these are the stickers off the bananas. 
Two guys walk into a bar... The third guy ducks.
So a grasshopper walks into a bar... And the bartender says: "Hey! We have a drink named after you!"   The grasshopper replies: "You have a drink named Steve?!" 
A vegan, a cross fitter and an engineer walk into a bar No they didn't, they couldn't decide who got to tell the bouncer at the door what they do.
An english bloke walks into a British pub with an ostrich and a cat An english bloke walks into a British pub alongside an ostrich, and a cat. He walks up to the bar, and says to the barkeep, "Barkeep, I'll have a pint!"  The ostrich says, "I'll have a pint!"  The cat says, "I'll have a pint, but I'm not paying!"   The barkeep then says, "Okay, your total will be six pounds forty" so the bloke reaches into his pocket, pulls out exactly six pounds forty, and gives it to the barkeep. They take their drinks, enjoy them, and leave.  The next day, the three of them walk into the pub again, and the same thing happens.  The bloke says, "I'll have a pint!"  The ostrich says, "I'll have a pint!"  The cat says, "I'll have a pint, but I'm not paying!"  The barkeep says, "Okay, your total will, once again, come to six pounds forty". So the bloke reaches into his pocket, pulls out exactly six pounds forty, and gives it to the barkeep. They take their drinks, enjoy them, and leave.  The next day, later at night, the three of them show up at the bar again. The barkeep, expecting them to get three pints again, asks, "The usual, sir?" and the man shakes his head.  "Nah, it's gettin' late. I'll have a double scotch" the man says.  The ostrich says, "I'll have a double scotch".  The cat says, "I'll have a double scotch, but I'm not paying!"  The barkeep says, "Sure. Your total comes to nine pounds sixty", so the bloke reaches into his pocket, pulls out exactly nine pounds sixty, and gives it to the barkeep, who can no longer hold in his curiosity.  "Say, mate", says the barkeep, "I've noticed that whenever you need to pay, you can just reach into your pocket and pull out exact change. How is that?"  The man replies, "Ah, good observation. Well, a few weeks ago, I was rubbing a lamp, and a genie appeared. He said he would grant three of my wishes, so I came up with three wishes. My first wish was that any time I need money, no matter what for, that I can just reach into my pocket and pull out the necessary amount".  "Ah, smart", replies the barkeep, "Most blokes would have just asked for a pile of money, but this time, you've got it infinitely".  "Exactly".  "But, um, I have another question. What's with the, um, what's with the ostrich and the cat. If you look around, you'll see we don't get many of those around here".  "Yep", says the man, "that's probably the dumbest thing I've ever done, getting stuck with them forever".  .....  "My next wish was for a chick with long legs and a tight pussy!"
Two men walk into a bar... Two men walk into a bar. The first man says "I'll have H2O". The second man says " I'll have H2O too". The second man dies.
A man walks into a clock shop where a beautiful woman is working.   He walks to the counter unzips his fly and pulls out his cock.  The woman screams "excuse me sir this is a CLOCK SHOP". I know replied the man "I want two hands and a face put on this". 
A man walks into Target He gets a cart and visits each aisle picking out various items that he's never bought before. He takes his overloaded buggie up to the checkout and calmly watches each item beginning scanned. When it's over and the cashier asks for payment, he says, "Oh I don't have any money. This was just Target practice."
A blind man walks into a bar, Then a table, then a chair.
A piece of bacon and an egg walk into a bar. The bartender says, "We don't serve breakfast here."
A ghost walks into a theater and goes to the concession stand But he gets turned away because they don't serve spirits
Dave and Dick walk into a bar order beers and start complaining  about not having girl friends. Dave asks Dick "You ever notice after you have sex with a woman that your eyes burn, your nose burns and  you get all teary-eyed?" Dick says, "Yeah, all the time." Dave asked, "Why is that?" Bartender says, "I'm pretty sure it's the pepper spray." do you want another round?".
Three logicians walk into a bar. The bartender asks “Do all of you want a drink?” The first logician says “I don’t know.” The second logician says “I don’t know.” The third logician says “Yes!”
A robot walks into a bar... The bartender says, "Hey, we don't serve robots!"  Robot says, "Oh, but someday you will."
A Japanese Pole Vaulter Walks into a bar wearing his silver medal. A young woman walks up and says "how close were you to the gold"?  ..."about 4 inches"
a Tiger walks into a bar... er i think i heard it was a golf club...
A Lawyer walks into a bar Well, technically, he wasn't a lawyer yet...
A man walks into a bar and sits down next to a leper. He orders a beer and begins to sip it. After he finishes the beer, he leans over and vomits.   The leper says, "look, I'm sorry, i know my appearance is a bit off putting. I'll happily move to a different seat."  The man who just emptied the contents of his stomach replies, "no worries. It's not you. Just getting over an illness is all."  After the bartender angrily cleans up the vomit, the man orders a martini. After he finishes it, he leans over and vomits again.   "Listen," says the leper, "let me change seats--"  "No, no, no. Please stay seated. Damn my weak stomach. Besides. There are no more seats. The bar has filled up. Let me buy you a drink."  So the bartender cleans up the vomit for a second time [I'm not sure why the bar tender didn't kick him at this point, but this is how the joke goes] and the man orders a shot of bourbon for himself and another for the leper.   They toast and knock back their glasses of whiskey.  And wouldn't you know it, but the man throws up again.   The leper, who is angry at this point, stands up and says, " that's it! I know I'm a little gross to look at, but come on!"  The replies, "it's not you, it's that guy dipping chips into your back!" 
A man walks into a bar and the bartender says "Hey! How are you?" The man replies, "I'm feeling amazing!  I just got accepted into college!  What classes do you think I should take?"  The bartender goes, "well, I personally think you should take logic (which CAN be a joke on its own, but I'll keep going)"  The man then says, "What's that?"  The bartender responds, "do you own a lawnmower?"  The man says "why yes I do".  "Well, if you own a lawnmower, you must own a lawn.  And if you own a lawn, you have to own a house of some sorts."  "Yup!"  "Well,  then, assuming you have a house, you most likely have a family with some kids, right?"  "I sure do, two strong young men"  "Then, you have a wife, and that means that you, are straight."  The man, in shock, responds, "Wow!  That's really interesting!  I'll consider."  He then was about to leave when he saw his friend go by.  "Hey, John!"  "What's up?" His friend replied  "Do you own a lawnmower?" He says.  "Aw, well I guess I don't."  The man then screams at his friend "then you're a faggot!"
A thermometer and a syringe walk into a bar... The bartender says "look at this dude he has so many degrees!", The syringe comes up and says "Hah what a loser, at least I'm graduated"
A woman walks into a bar with a duck under her arm... The drunk sitting at the bar looks over, and says (slurring), "Jesus... that is the filthiest... ugliest pig I ever seen in my whole life!" The woman says, "He's not a pig you fucking idiot!" The drunk retorts, "Excuuuuse me Miss Piggy, but I was talking to the duck!"   (My dad's favorite joke)
Two gay Irishmen walk into a bar... Patrick FitzMicheal and Micheal FitzPatrick     
A chicken walks into a bar...   And asks for a Beer.  The barman says: "I'm sorry we don't chickens."  The chicken replies: "Well that's fine because I wanted beer, not chickens."
Several fonts walk into a bar. “Get out of here!” shouts the bartender. “We don’t serve your type here.”
A man walks into a bar with a gun.. A guy walked into a local bar, waving his unholstered pistol and yelled, “I have a 45 caliber Colt 1911 with a seven round magazine plus one in the chamber and I want to know who’s been reposting jokes all the time!"  A voice from the back of the room called out, “You need to shoot yourself!” 
Three Buddhists walks into a meditative state Silence
A man walks into... a bar, and immediately walks up to the bar. He notices a large jar of cash placed on the bar that is oozing 20 dollar bills. He asks the bartender what it is for. To which the bartender replies; "It is the challenge jar. If you're feelin' froggy you can place a 20 in there, and I'll give you three challenges. If you complete all three it's all yours." The man not being able to resist a challenges throws his 20 in without hesitation. The bar tender then pulls a large jar of moonshine from beneath the bar and tells the man that he must take five gulps and walk around the bar for 30 minutes without becoming ill. "Secondly" he says, "I have a unruly pooch in the restroom, that  has an abscess tooth. I need you to remove it with these rusty pliers. Last, but far from least, you see that old lady at the end of the bar? She comes in here nightly with hopes of leaving with a companion for the night. If you want to win this money, it will be you that shows her some sweet loving tonight." The man a little frightened, pinches his nose and turns the jar up and takes six gulps for good measure, then turns towards the other patrons and makes his way to mingle with them. After his half hour was up he staggers towards the restroom. Shortly after the door closes behind him the bartender hears a lot of loud barking and growling,that last about 5 minutes. Then suddenly the man emerges from the restroom clothes torn to shreds, covered in blood, and drunkenly slurs "Now where's that old lady with the sore tooth?!?!" 
A doctor walks into the room and says, " I have good news and I have bad news" *"What's the good news?"*  "***I*** don't have cancer"
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar haha just kidding
The Dalai Lama walks into a pizza shop The pizza store owner asks "One with everything, your holiness?"  The Lama replies: "No I'm a vegetarian."
A programmer walks into a bar...     A programmer walks into a bar {         foo;     }
A man walks into a bar Man : What's the password?   Bartender : its 123456  Man types the password "123456", gets it wrong   Man : no it's not, give me the real password   Bartender : its one time two, three times four and five times six  Man against types furiously "244466666", gets it wrong  Man : Give me the real password   Bartender : it's in words   Man growls and types the password "twofourfourfoursixsixsixsixsix", it fails  Man : Give me the fucking password   Bartender : its its 123456 in words  Man : You better be serious this time  Man is losing his shit, tries "itstwofourfourfoursixsixsixsixsix", it fails  Man : Are you fucking kidding me   Bartender : its is in capitals   Man is now full of rage, might go super saiyan, tries "ITSTWOFOURFOURFOURSIXSIXSIXSIXSIX", It fails  Man has now lost his shit  Man : You fucking ass hole, here's the phone, type in the password or else I'll shove this in your ass  Bartender types "ITStwofourfourfoursixsixsixsixsix"   Man is now on calm down and tries to use the Internet  Man : its so slow, this is not working   Bartender : then use the other one   Man : okay, what's the password this time   Bartender : ITSthesamepassword   And the sags continues 
A Roman walks into a bar He raises two fingers and says, "5 Beers please" 
A duck walks into a bar.... A duck walks into a bar and asks, "Got any grapes?"  The bartender, confused, tells the duck no. The duck thanks him and leaves.  The next day, the duck returns and asks, "Got any grapes?"  Again, the bartender tells him, "No -- the bar does not serve grapes, has never served grapes and, furthermore, will never serve grapes." The duck thanks him and leaves.  The next day, the duck returns, but before he can say anything, the bartender yells, "Listen, duck! This is a bar! We do not serve grapes! If you ask for grapes again, I will nail your stupid duck beak to the bar!"  The duck is silent for a moment, and then asks, "Got any nails?"  Confused, the bartender says no.  "Good!" says the duck. "Got any grapes?"
A man walks into a bar Ouch
A man walks into a bank...  A man walks into a bank and says to the teller, "I want to open a fucking checking account."   The astonished woman replies, "I beg your pardon, but that kind of language is not tolerated in this bank."   The woman leaves the window and goes over to the bank manager to inform him of her situation.   The manager agrees that the woman does not have to listen to that kind of language.   They both return to the window and the manager asks the man,"Sir, what seems to be the problem here?"   There is no fucking problem," the man says. "I just won $200 million bucks in the damn lottery and I want to put my fucking money in this damn bank."   "Oh...l see," says the manager. "And is this bitch giving you a hard time, sir? 
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one orders a pint, the second orders half a pint, the third orders a quarter pint. The bartender interrupts them, “You guys need to learn your limits. Two pints, coming right up!”
Richard Spencer walks into a bar... He did Nazi it coming
A pirate walks into a bar.... The bartender looks at the pirate and says “Oh my god, man!!  You’ve got a steering wheel in your pants!”  The pirate says “Yarr!  It be driving me nuts!”  
A man walks into a bar, and orders a beer. He then jumps up on the bar, and loudly proclaims "I'll bet five hundred dollars that I can fuck every bitch in the room, in the ass, before the sand in this hourglass has completely drained." He then dramatically pulls a pickle jar out of his coat. . . . . .and the bartender said "Get the fuck out. You're drunk. And this isn't a bar. It's a PTA meeting. Where did you even get beer? And why are you dressed like Hitler?"  And then Shrek showed up. It was awesome.
A joke walks into r/Jokes again, and again, and again, and again...
Man walks into a pet shop and sees a parrot for only $50.  Standing next to the cage the man asks, "I wonder why he is so cheap?" "Because I am defective," came the reply. "I've got no legs." A little surprised the man asked, "Well how do you stay on your perch?" The parrot draws him closer and whispers, "I have a big penis. I just wrap it around the bar and stay put. Go offer the owner 30 bucks for me. He'll take it." The man walks out of the store with the parrot and takes him home. They become best of friends. They talk sports, politics, current events. The man could not be happier. One day the man gets home from works and the parrot beckons him over with his wing..."Psst...come here. I need to talk to you." "What?" "It's about your wife." "Yeah, what about her?" "And the postman. Today he knocked and she answered the door in a skimpy black negligee." "What!" "Yes. And then they embraced in a long passionate kiss," the parrot went on. "Holy shit...that can't be possible." "It is. Then they went over to the couch and she slipped him out of his uniform and then things started to get really steamy." "Well," the man asks,"what happened next?" "I don't know," said the parrot. "I got a hard on and fell off my perch." 
Two guys walk into a bar... you would think the second guy would duck.
Three guys walk into a bar... John Wick kills them with a pencil.  A fucking pencil.
A sandwich walks into a bar And orders a drink.   The bartender says : "sorry sir, we don't serve food".
A feminist and a fascist walks into a bar She orders a glass of wine
A sandwich and a kit Kat walk into a bar at 9-31..... ....barman says "I'm sorry,  we don't serve snacks after 9pm"
So a neutron walks into a bar He asks the bartender "how much for drink?" The bartender replies, "For you, no charge."
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and asks for 15 beers and the bartender said what's wrong the man replied   I just found out my son was gay.  The next day he came in again and order 15 beers the bartender what's wrong again The man replied  I just found out my other son was gay.   The next day he came in and the bartender sayed jeez is there any one in your family who likes woman? The man replied yes my wife.   I'm sorry f you heard something similar or the same but this I one of my favorite's
Hitler James Bond walks into a bar.. The bartender asks  "how would you like your juice" Hitler replies "In the chamber, gassed not burnt"
A sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. Bartender says, "Sorry we don't serve food here."
Two dragons walk into a bar One says to the other "it's hot in here."      The other one says "shut your mouth."
Three men walk into a bar... The fourth man ducks. 
A guy walks into a bar and sees a horse and a barrel full of money... He asks the bartender “hey man what’s up with the horse and the money?”    Bartender goes “well here’s the deal - you put $5 in the barrel, and if you can make the horse laugh you get all the money.”  Looking at the barrel, the man sees it’s nearly full of $5 bills, so he smiles, walks over and drops $5 in, then whispers something in the horse’s ear.   Within moments the horse is rolling around laughing, braying loudly, can’t control itself.  Everyone in the bar including the bartender is stunned.  The guy just smiles, nods at them, grabs the cash and walks out.   A few weeks later the same guy walks into the same bar and sees the same horse, tied up and looking bored, at the end of the bar with another barrel full of cash.  The bartender recognizes him as he enters and goes “hey hey hey buddy I remember you - not so fast!  This time you gotta make him cry.”  The guy pauses and considers for a second, then smiles and nods.  He walks over, unties the horse, and leads him into the back room real quick.  Moments later they hear the horse sobbing and the man returns with it.  The horse is just bawling its eyes out.    As the man goes to grab the cash in front of the flabbergasted bartender, the bartender goes “well holy shit man what’s your secret?  Can you tell us how you did it at least?”  The man goes “sure.  The first time I told him my dick was bigger than his.  The second time, I showed him.”
3 monks walk into a bar And they talk shit about the other monk who has been reposting everything in sight 
NSFW A guy walks into a pub and sees a sign hanging over the bar that reads: CHEESEBURGER: $1.50  CHICKEN SANDWICH: $2.50  HAND JOB: $10.00  He walks up to the bar and beckons one of the three exceptionally attractive blondes serving drinks.  “Can I help you?” she asks.  “I was wondering,” whispers the man. “Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?”  “Yes,” she purrs. “I am.”  The man replies, “Well, wash your hands. I want a cheeseburger.”
A priest, a rapist and a child molester walk into a bar. .He orders a drink
A hipster walks into a bar and orders a craft beer The bartender replies, "Sorry son. We don't have any of your fancy millenial craft beer here. This is a simple bar for grown men who want to get drunk and don't care how they get there. The only beers we serve are Bud and Bud Light."  The younger man shoots back, "Ugh. The last few times I drank Budweiser I ended up blowing chunks. Do you at least have PBR?"  "Sorry pal," replied the barkeep. "My Anheuser-Busch rep might have left a case of Michelob Ultra laying around in the back, but I doubt it. Can you really not drop your IPA obsession for ONE night and drink Bud Light? "  The hipster looked physically ill and mildly offended. "Man, I'm triggered just hearing the NAME of your old timey 90's beers. It brings back vivid memories of the last time I blew chunks. It was not ok."  The exasperated bartender throws up his hands and says, "listen kid, be a man. This isn't a safe space, and I don't have anything else. Just because Budweiser made you vomit in the past doesn't mean it will make you sick tonight."  The hipster stood up and suddenly seemed very angry. "I'm serious, bro. Every time I drink Budweiser I blow chunks. Ok? And the next day it awkward AF for everyone."  The bartender, finally realizing he was getting anywhere with this young man, backed down. "Ok. Jeez. Whatever. But I hope you know you're being a classic snowflake."  The hipster, nearly in tears now, sat back down and hung his head. "You just don't get it man.  Budweiser doesn't make me vomit. It makes me blow chunks. 'Chunks' is the name of my dog."
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar.  He sees an open seat next to a beautiful Asian woman and takes it.  He asks if he can buy her a drink, and she shakes her head yes.  After a while of him asking her some questions he realizes they like all the same things.  Then he finally works up the courage to ask her out.  She shakes her head yes.  He celebrates inside his head wondering if it’ll work out.  Then when he was finished thinking to himself he remembered he didn’t ask what her name was.  After he asks, she shakes her head yes.  He thought it was odd, but decided to ask again.  To his surprise she shakes her head yes again.  The bartender comes over to ask what the guy was doing.  He replies, “I’m talking to this woman.  Why do you ask?”  The bartender replies, “Buddy, she’s been asleep since you walked in.”
An Irishman walks into a clock store. He asks 'do you have a potato clock?'  'No' replies the clerk, a little shocked 'We have grandfather clocks and we have cuckoo clocks, but we don't have any potato clocks, no'  'Ah that's a shame' laments the Irishman, leaving the store. But the next day he returns and asks in earnest  'Are you sure that you don't have a potato clock?'  'Of course' the clerk replies, 'I even checked with suppliers last night and they don't make potato clocks anywhere...what do you want a potato clock for anyway?'  The Irishman shuffles his feet before responding 'Well, it's just my boss you see...he says that if I got a potato clock then I could be at work by nine'.
A prostitute walks into a general store... The shopkeeper says, "what can I do ya for?"
A guy walks into a falafel shop He asks the owner, "do you have 500 pieces of falafel?" The owner says no, and the guy leaves.   The next day the guy walks in and asks if he has 500 pieces of falafel.  The owner says no and the guy walks out.  The guy comes in the next 3 days and asked the same question then gets the same answer.  The falafel shop owner wakes up really early to get to the shop and starts making 500 pieces of falafel. Sure enough, the same guy walks in and asks if he has 500 pieces of falafel. The owner beaming with pride looks at the man and says "yes I do!"  "Wow" says the guy. "Good luck selling all that falafel" and leaves the store. 
An Australian guy walks into a bar with a crocodile under his arm. He asks the bartender if he will give him free drinks if he shows he can put his penis inside the crocs mouth for 15 seconds without it getting bit off.  The bartender agrees.  The guy opens the crocs mouth and puts his penis inside it; the croc gently closes his mouth and after 15 seconds the Australian hits him over the head with a bottle, causing the croc to open his mouth and let the guy withdraw his penis.  The bartender starts serving the free drinks to the Australian and then tells everyone in the bar "If anyone else can do that then I will give them free drinks also".  There is a pause and then a blonde woman calls out "ok, I will do it but please don't hit me so hard over the head with the bottle". " 
A man angrily walks into a local bar holding a revolver and demands to know whose been sleeping with his wife. A man in the back of the bar shouts back, “You don’t have enough ammo”
An Australian walks into his regular restaurant with his freind from Prague. They order some food and start a game of chess. As they're finishing their meal, the waiter approaches the Aussie, "Oh hey, who's your friend? Can I get you guys anything else?"   The Aussie plays the final move of the game and says, "Check Mate".
A man walks into a bar and orders a drink. Then he notices there are pieces of meat nailed to the ceiling of the bar so he asks the barman what they are for. The barman replies, "If you can jump up and pull one of them down you get free beer all night. If you fail, you have to pay the bar £100. Do you want to have a go?"  The man thinks about it for a minute before saying, "Nah, the steaks are too high!"
A sloth walks into a bar and says “I’ll have... a coke.”  The Bartender says “Hey, why the long paws?”
A man walks into an elevator... There is a lone woman in there.  After he presses his floor and the elevator door closes, he sniffles, leans in to the woman and asks; "Ma'am, can I smell your pussy?"   She violently turns to him and exclaims, "You sir,  most certainly can NOT!!!   He replies, "Ah, it must be your armpits then..."
Why did the man walk into a well? He couldn't see that well
A horse walks into a bar... "Why the long face?" asks the bartender... The horse replies, "I've just realized I'm a metaphysical concept residing within a fictional narrative, and will cease to exist at the end of this sentence.”
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar Schrodinger's cat walks out of a bar
Blind man and a dog walk into a bar A blind man and his service animal walk into a bar, the man grabs the dog by its tail and begins swinging it around in a wide circle.  The bartender, appalled by this display of animal cruelty says "What the HELL do you think you're doing mister?".  The blind man replies "Just having a look around."
Every time I walk into a store with my dad Worker: "Can I help you?"  Dad: "No, he was born like that."
An atom walks into a bar in Japan and opens up a tab Bartender says, "Make sure you pay up before you split."
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar You can't tell me that's just a coincidence...
Guy walks into a bar Guy walks into a bar and sits down at the counter. The bowl of peanuts next to him says "Looking good today sir!" The guy turns to the bartender and says "Holy shit what's up with those peanuts?" The bartender says "They're complimentary!"
A man walks into a bar. He says, “Ouch!” “What the hell, man?” the man shouts. “This is the third time this week I’ve walked into this damn bar!”  A woman passing by takes pity and pats him on the shoulder. “Of course you did, dear - this is Reddit.”  “...Someone really should have warned you about the re-posts.”
A conspiracy theorist walks into a bar ^At ^least ^that's ^what ^*they*  ^want ^you ^to ^believe
A man walks into a bar This is not actually a joke but if you want to get better at telling jokes, always repeat them in first person like it happened to you. Depending on the joke, people either stop and think at the end, or sometimes in the middle like "wait did it actually happen to you?" 
A bar walks into a man and cracks it open.
A man walks into a bar with 3 ducks under his arms... He places each one on a stool, orders beers for each and himself, then heads to the toilet.  The bartender has seen it all, but figured he'd ask the duck's how they're doing. As he sets the beer in front of the first duck he asked his name, how he is and what he did today?  Duck responds: My name's Huey and I'm great because I've been outside playing in puddles all day!  Second duck responds: My name's Dewey and I'm great too because we've been outside playing in puddles all day!  He goes to the third duck and says, "I guess your name is Louie?"  Third duck says, "No, my name is puddles. Don't ask me about my f\*ckin' day!"  &amp;#x200B;  \* This is old and I didn't write it because I'm not THAT old. 
A man walks into a bar and sees a pot full of money...    Then he asks :   - So, what's all that money about ?   The barman says :   - Well, you put $100 in there and take 3 tests. If you manage to complete all of them, you can have all the money inside the pot.   - What are the tests then ? The man says   -First of all you need to pay, that's the rules.    The man put his 100 bucks inside the pot, and asked the barman one more time.     - Ok. That's what you should do.    - First: You are going to drink a full bottle of this tequila, and you are not allowed to give out a single reaction.    - Second: There's a pitbull out there, he has a sore tooth and it seems like it's hurting him a lot. You need to extract the said tooth with your bare hands.    - Third : there's a 90 year old woman in the second floor, she never had an orgasm in her life. Your task is to make her hit it.   Without thinking too much, the man rapidly asked :    - Where's the tequila ?    The barman gave him the bottle, and at the same time, the man started to drink it fast enough so he wouldn't give out a single reaction.    Then, after getting up with some difficulty, looked at everyone in the bar, and with a brave look on his face, he ran through the door leading to the pitbull.    Everyone heard the dog's barks, the man's yells, and everything in between, until the pitbull let out a howl for 3 long minutes, followed by a huge silence.   Everyone assumed the guy was dead, but then, he enters the bar, with scratches all over his body and asks :   - Now Where's the grandma with the sore tooth ?
Steven Hawking walks into a bar... Just kidding.
A man walks into a bar.. ...and sees a gorgeous woman nursing a drink. Walking up behind her he says: "Hi there, good lookin'. How's it going?" Having already downed a few power drinks, she turns around, faces him, looks him straight in the eye and says: "Listen up, buddy. I screw anybody, anytime, anywhere, your place, my place, in the car, front door,back door, on the ground, standing up, sitting down, naked or with clothes on,dirty, clean... It just doesn't matter to me. I've been doing it ever since I got out of college and I just flat-ass love it." Eyes now wide with interest, he responds: "No kidding. I'm a lawyer too. What firm are you with?"
A Russian, an Irishman and a Scott walks into a bar.. Just kidding. They never left the bar in the beginning
A man walks into a bar and notices meat on the ceiling.. A man walks into a bar and notices meat on the ceiling.The bartender says,"if you can jump high enough and slap the meat your drink is free,but if you miss you have to pay for the whole bar." The man says "nah the steaks are too high"﻿
A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender charges him 15 cents. Confused but not complaining, the man pays.  After a while, he decides to have another beer and some food, so he orders another beer and a steak. The bartender charges him 50 cents, 15 for the beer and 35 for the food.  After finishing his food and drink, he calls the bartender over and says, "Mate, that was the best steak I've ever had. I want to talk to the manager and thank him." "No problem," says the bartender. "He's upstairs with my wife." "What's he doing upstairs with your wife?" asks the man. "Probably the same thing I'm doing to his business down here!"
A man walks into a Mexican restaurant... He gets a table and a waiter comes to him with a menu.  "Señor, is there anything I can get for you?"  The man scans through the menu briefly...  He couldn't understand any thing he saw there as most of the foods were Mexican.  "I think I'll have this... Cojones..." the man said after a brief while.  "Si" said the waiter, as he jotted down his request and moved out of sight.  About 2 minute later, the waiter was back with the two biggest meat balls the man had ever seen.  The man tasted it and it was surprisingly really good. Baffled by his dish, he asked the waiter.  "What is this meat?"  "Señor, it is the testicles of the bull that lost in the El Matador arena" said the Waiter.  The man nodded silently and paid for his meal.  The next day, the man comes again to the same restaurant and orders Cojones again.  The waiter disappears to the back of the restaurant.. only to return with two much smaller meatballs.  This surprises the man but he eats nonetheless.  After paying for his meal, he asks the waiter,  "Sorry, I couldn't help but notice, but why was the meat much smaller this time"  The waiter replied, "Señor, the bull does not anyways lose the match."
A frog walks into a bank He goes up to the teller, Patricia Black, and asks to borrow some money.   “I don’t have any info on you,” she says. I’m going to at least see some collateral before we can discuss giving you any money.”  “No problem,” says the frog, who pulls out a small statuette.  “What’s this? This isn’t collateral.”  “Sure it is, it's perfectly good,” says the frog.  An argument breaks out and eventually the manager comes over to see what’s the matter.   “This frog wants to borrow money, but all he has is this tchotchke,” explains the teller.   The manager sighs. “It’s a knick knack, Patty Black. Give the frog a loan!”
A perfectionist walks into a bar... Apparently it wasn’t set high enough
A cowboy walks into a bar.... ......and sees a gorgeous woman sitting alone at a table. He goes over and asks if he can buy her a drink and join her.    “Don’t bother”, she replies. “I’m a lesbian”.   “What the hell is a lesbian?” asks the cowboy.    “I like to lick pussy” she replies.    The cowboy walks away bewildered and takes another seat.  A few minutes later, a man walks in and sees him sitting alone.    “Hey, you’re a cowboy!” he says.   “Nope.” he says, shaking his head.  “I used to think I was, but apparently I’m a lesbian.”
Two PvZ players walk into a bar. One said: My Peashooter is larger than yours!  The other said: Well, mine's a REPEATER!  The bartender muttered: I can Infi-nut to this.
A blind man walks into a bar ... and starts swinging his seeing eye dog around. When one of the patrons asks why the man is swinging his dog, he answers "I'm just looking around".
A woman walks into Harrods. She looks around, spots a beautiful diamond bracelet and walks over to  inspect it.   As she bends over to look more closely, she unexpectedly farts.  Very embarrassed, she looks around nervously to see if anyone noticed her little woops and prays that a sales person was not anywhere near.   As she turns around, her worst nightmare materializes in the form of a salesman standing right behind her: Good looking as well as cool as a cucumber, he displays all of the qualities one would expect of a professional in a store like Harrods.  He politely greets the lady with, 'Good day, Madam. How may we help you today?'  Blushing and uncomfortable, but still hoping that the salesman somehow missed her little 'incident', she asks, 'what is the price of this lovely bracelet?'  He answers, "Madam - if you farted just looking at it - you're going to shit when I tell you the price!
A r/news mod walks into a bar [Removed]
Two guys walk into a bar You'd think one of them would have seen it 
A man walks into a bar.. His eyesight is really getting poor.
An Englishman, a Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a bar... ...to watch the Welsh play in the quarter-final
A panda walks into a bar... A panda walks into a bar and gobbles some beer nuts. Then he pulls out a gun, fires it in the air, and heads for the door. “Hey!” shouts the bartender, but the panda yells back, “I’m a panda. Google me!” Sure enough, panda: “A tree-climbing mammal with distinct black-and-white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves.”
A grasshopper walks into a bar... and the bar keep says: "Hey, I've got a drink named after you!" The grasshopper replies: "You have a drink named Bob?"
John walks into a bar... ...where he meets his old friend. They both take a seat, order a beer and talk about different stuff. Suddenly, one of the guests shouts: "21!". The whole bar laughs moderately. Couple of minutes later someone else shouts: "34!". Everyone starts laughing even harder than before. John, surprised by what's happening, asks his buddy:   -Why is everyone laughing, when someone shouts a number?   The friend answers:   -You see, we've been telling the same jokes for the past couple of years, so we just decided to associate every joke with a different number, and now when someone wants to tell a joke, he just shouts a number.   John nodded and asked:   -Can I try?   His friend nodded as well, so John shouted: "1416!". Everyone in the bar laughed for the next 15 minutes after that.   -Why did everyone laugh so hard at this one? - asked John.   And so his friend responds while giggling:   -Well, we didn't hear that one before. 
A guy walks into a bar and he asks for a drink.. The bartender says, "Ill give you a drink if you can tell me a meta joke"  The guy says, "Ok. So a guy walks into a bar and he asks for a drink, and the bartender says, 'Ill give you a drink if you can tell me a meta joke'. And the guy replies 'Ok. So a guy walks into a bar and he asks for a drink, and the bartender says, 'Here you go."So he gives the guy a drink. So he gives the guy a drink. So he gives the guy a drink. So he gives the guy a drink. 
A dolphin walks into a bar... ...and the bartender says, "How the *hell* did you do that?!"
A Guy Walks Into A Bar With An Octopus Under His Arm He sets the octopus on a stool next to him and announces:  "This is an amazing octopus. I'll bet anyone in this bar $50 that this octopus can play any instrument set in front of it."   &amp;nbsp;  None of the people could believe this, so one guy brought up a guitar. The octopus took hold of the guitar and started picking away, better than Jimi Hendrix. The man took $50 from the guitarist. Next someone brings up a trumpet. The octopus started playing the trumpet, better than Herb Alpert. The man won another $50 from the trumpeter. Then some guy brought up some bagpipes. The octopus picked up the bagpipes for a minute and, looking a little puzzled, set them down again.   &amp;nbsp;   "Can't you play the bagpipes?" asked the man. "Play it?" said the octopus, "I'm gonna screw it as soon as I figure out how to get its pajamas off."
So a business owner walks into a bar... He sits down, and starts to have a discussion with the bartender. Conversation eventually moves to his struggling business.  "You know, I just can't seem to keep trained staff on hand. The turnover is super high, and I've tried everything to keep employees to stay long enough to train the next batch. The stress is so bad I've gotten chronic diarrhea."  "Sounds like a personnel problem."
An /r/News mod walks into a bar Gotcha. There's no bar's in their moms' basements. 
Three lords walk into a tavern... ...a Stark, a Martell and a Lannister. They order ale, but then the barkeep brings them over, each of them finds a fly in his cup.  The Lannister, outraged, shoves the cup aside and demands another.  The Martell plucks the fly out and swallows it whole.  The Stark reaches into his cup, pulls out the fly and shouts: ‘Spit it out, you wee shit! Spit it out!'
A neutron walks into a bar... ...says, "I'll have a pint of your best bitter please barkeep,  and your  finest scotch for a chaser." The barman pours him his drinks, places them on the bar in front of him, and walks away. "Just a moment my good man!" exclaims the proton, "You haven't charged me for my drinks! What do I owe you?"  "For you sir," replied the barman, "no charge."
A caffeine-sensitive misogynist walks into a bar... and says, "I like coffee how I like my women".
A man walks into a bar... He sees a sign that reads, "cheese sandwich: $1.50, chicken sandwich: $2.50, hand job: $10." The man beckons to the sexy waitress and says, "are you the one who does the hand jobs?" "Yes," she purrs, "I am." "Well wash your freaking hands," the man says, "I want a cheese sandwich!"
A bear walks into a bar in Bedford, TX... He takes a seat at the bar as the bartender reluctantly walks over to him. "How can I help you?" He asks.  "I need a beer, I've had a horrible day..." says the bear, somewhat discouraged.  "Well sir, I'm sorry but we don't serve bears beer in Bedford, TX." replies the bar keep.  "I understand the law, but I'm really having an awful day! I won't bother anyone... come on!" The bear is getting a little frustrated at this point.  "Mr. Bear, I wish I could oblige but the law is the law."  The bear, now starting to get irritated, spots a female at the other end of the bar who is enjoying a cold one herself. "LOOK MAN... I'm not looking for any trouble. Give me a beer or I'm going to go over there and EAT THAT BITCH sitting at the end of the bar!!"  The bartender is a little taken aback, but decides to stick to his guns. "Look here bear, I already told you we don't serve bears beer in Bedford, TX! You ain't gonna sway me into breaking the law!"  Aggravated, the bear walks to the end of the bar and eats the lady. Pleased with his display of dominance, he sits back down and stares at the bartender. "I tried to warn you! Give me that fucking beer before anyone else gets hurt."  "Like I said, we don't serve bears beer in Bedford, TX. Especially if they are high on drugs!"  The bear looks puzzled. "What the hell? I'M NOT HIGH ON DRUGS!"  "The hell you are! That was a BARBITURATE!" 
Bob and Jim walk into a bar "Hey Donkeyboy, get me a drink." The bartender gets him a drink.  Bob says, "Donkeyboy, get me another drink." The bartender gets him another drink.  Finally, Jim asks the bartender, "Why does he call you Donkeyboy?"  "I don't know. Hehaw-hehaw-he always calls me that."
Two chemists walk into a bar... The first says the the bartender, "I'll have some H2O," After which the second says "I'll have some H2O too."  And they both enjoy their water, and get home safely to their families, because the bartender is a nice, reasonable man who would never serve Hydrogen Peroxide to a customer.
A Russian spy, a sexual predator and a billionaire walk into a bar Bartender says "What can I get you Mr. President?"
A guy walks into a bar dressed like a pirate... LOL! Can you imagine that? He walks in and everyone looks at him weird cause he's wearing pirate clothes and everyone else is dressed normally. The bartender would probably be like "Hey... what the hell are you doing? Why are you dressed like a pirate?" And the pirate would be like "Uh... maybe BECAUSE I AM A PIRATE!" Would be very awkward after that. I think that'd be funny though. He'd probably get kicked out....
Zelda walks into a bar So Zelda walks into a fancy bar from The Legend of Zelda a Link from the Past and picks up link. Wait.  Who the hell is Zelda anyway?
Doctor Strange, Weird Al, and Oddjob walk into a bar... that's a very unusual event.
An ugly man walks into a bar and a beautiful woman approaches him... the woman asks the man, "How would you like to get out of here?" and the man is stunned. He never thought a woman like her would ever approach him so he agrees. They both get into his car and drive really far. He stops at a cliff with the view of the whole city. Within seconds they start taking off their clothes. After 15 minutes of vigorous sex they finally finish. They both put their clothes on and they both just sit there awkwardly. The woman speaks up and says "I'm a prostitute and its going to be 100 dollars for my service." The man is stunned and saddened that she didn't really like him. He gives her the money and they both sit there awkwardly. The woman tells him that she is ready to leave and the man replies "I'm a taxi driver and its going to be 150 dollars for the ride here and back."
A black man walks into a bar with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder The bartender asks "Wow, that's something real special you've got there! where'd you get it?"   "Africa!" says the parrot
A short man walks into a bar Upon walking in, something drips on him from the ceiling. He looks up and sees a piece of steak. He asks the bartender why there's a steak on the ceiling.   The bartender tells him if he could jump up and touch the steak, he gets free drinks for the rest of the night. If he misses, he pays for everyone's drink.   The man looks at the steak, then back at the bartender and says....  'The steaks are too high.'
A neutron walks into a bar He orders a drink and the bartender passes him one.  The neutron goes to reach for his wallet, but the bartender stops him.  "For you, no charge"
A bar walks into a man. Wait... That's not right.
God walks into a bar just as an Atheist walks out The Agnostic is the bouncer who created it all that way because if those 2 ever collided only 1 would survive, either God would disappear into a puff of smoke or the atheist would believe the bouncer is full of shit.
An Irish man walks into a bar with a Priest And the Irish man says something foolish.
A chicken walks into a library, goes up to a librarian and says, "Book book book." The librarian decides that the chicken wants a book so he gives the chicken a book and the chicken walks away. About ten minutes later the chicken comes back with the book, looking a bit agitated, saying, "Book book book." The librarian decides the chicken wants another book so he takes the old book back and gives the chicken another book. The chicken walks out the door. Ten minutes later the chicken comes back again, very agitated, saying, "Book book book!" so quickly it almost sounds like one word. The chicken puts the book on the librarians desk and looks up - waiting for another book. This time the librarian gives the chicken another book and decides that something weird is happening. He follows the chicken out the door and into the park, all the way to the pond. In the pond is a frog sitting on a lily pad. The chicken gives the book to the the frog, who then says, "Reddit, reddit."
A Cuban, a Canadian, and a homophobic walk into a bar The bartender says, "What'll it be, Senator Cruz?"
A blind man walks into a bar, and a chair, a table, and a human.
A guy walks into a bar of soap.  
A guy walks into a shrink's office and says... "I'm a wigwam, I'm a teepee, I'm a wigwam, I'm a teepee."  The psychiatrist says, "Relax, you're two tents."
A man walks into a diner for breakfast... He asks to look at the special. The waitress tells him the special is chicken tongue. Horrified, the man says "I would never eat something that came out of a chicken's mouth!"   "Fine," says the waitress, "What'll you have?"   The man replies, "Two scrambled eggs please."
[Walks into a bar]A beer walks into a bar... ...and notices a vodka there. - "May I?" - asks beer pointing towards a free stool next to vodka - "No!" - replies vodka - "Wanna step outside?" - "Lets do it!"
A wizard walks into a gay bar ... and disappeared with a poof
A homeless, thirsty bum walks into a bar... And asks the barkeeper if he could just let him have one, small drink.  The bartender says, "get outta here you bum"!  The bum begs and begs the barkeeper.  "Please man, I'll do anything for a drink! Anything!"  Hmmm, ponders the barkeeper. "Anything you say, hmmm.  Well, see that there spittoon on the floor?"  "Um, yeah..." the bum responds nervously.  "Well", starts the barkeeper, "all you gotta do is take one swig from it, and I'll give you all the drinks you want."  The bum being really thirsty agrees after a moment of thinking it over, and walks over to the spittoon. He picks it up and takes a drink.  And drinks.  And drinks.  And drinks.  And drinks.  Gagging and and on the verge of vomitting, the barkeeper barely let's out, "I said just to take one swig, what's wrong with you???"  "I did" the bum says. "It was all one long strand..."
a guy walks into a bar and has a midlife crisis.
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants The bartender asks him about it and the pirate says, "arrrg its driving me nuts."
Two guys walk into a bar... Two guys walk into a bar. The first says, "Hey Donkeyboy, get me a drink." The bartender gets him a drink.  Again, the guy says, "Donkeyboy, get me another drink." The bartender gets him another drink.  Finally, the second guy asks the bartender, "Why does he call you Donkeyboy?"  "I don't know. Hehaw-hehaw-he always calls me that."
A mushroom walks into a bar... ... The bartender says, “Hey, get out of here! We don’t serve mushrooms here”. Mushroom says, “why not? I’m a fungai!”
A man walks into a bar and takes a seat... The bartender shot him before he even made it back to the door. 
A narcissist, a misogynist, and a bigot walks into a bar... Bartender says, what'll it be Mr. President?
3 underage guys walk into a bar They order 3 beers but the bartender turns them down. They look sad so he feels sorry for them and makes a deal. If they have a combined penis length of 50 inches, they can buy their beer. They accept the deal and start measuring. The first guys has a 25” penis, the second 24 and the last one has 1”. Having reached the goal they get their beer.  Later as they sit at a table enjoying their beer the first guy goes: “Good thing I had a 25” penis so we could get a beer, huh guys?” “Yeah. Good thing mine was 24” says the second.  Then last guy goes “Yeah and thank god mine was hard!”
Bertrand Russell walks into a bar He orders several shots and starts growing vulgar and raucous. The bartender says, "Contain yourself!"  &amp;#x200B;  And he disappears.
A guy walks into a bar... and sees a sign that says “make the donkey laugh for $500”  The guy walks up to the donkey whispers into his ear and the donkey laughs.  The people sitting at the bar ask him “How did you do that?”  The guy says “I can’t tell my secret”  Next week he goes back to the bar, and the sign now says “make the donkey cry for $1000”  He walks up to the donkey and makes the donkey cry,  The people ask once again how he did it  The guy says “Last week I told him my dick was bigger than his, today I showed him”
A man frantically walks into the doctor's office... ...and begins to shout, "I'm a teepee! I'm a wigwam! I'm a teepee! I'm a wigwam!"  "Calm down, calm down!" The doctor says.  "You're two tents!"
A man walks into a bar and finds an octopus sitting on a stool... The bartender tells the man "This octopus is really special. You can give it any instrument and it will play it better than any human ever has."  So the guy needs to test this out. Luckily the bar keeps some instruments on hand for just that purpose. The man grabs a guitar and brings it to the octopus. Sure enough, it plays incredibly, the best guitar-playing the man has ever seen.  The man goes and gets a violin and gives it to the octopus. Again, the octopus plays it amazingly, a virtuoso far beyond anything the man has seen before.  The man has to try one more time. He saw something that surely the octopus would be vexed by -  he grabs a set of bagpipes and brings it to the octopus. The octopus finally seems perplexed, just fiddling around with the bagpipes in confusion. Satisfied, the man says "Ha! I knew you wouldn't be able to play it!"  The octopus looks at him and says "Play it? I was gonna fuck it once I got the pajamas off of it." 
A photon walks into a hotel with his luggage... The bellhop asks, "sir, do you need help with your bags?"  The photon responds, "that's alright, I'm traveling light!"
A horse walks into a bar Oh, sorry it was a woman. Let me start over.  A horse walks into a woman.
A cannibal walks into a restaurant and tries to order The waitress tells him, "Sorry, we don't serve your kind here."
Three Music Chords Walk into a Bar B Major chord, C Major chord and D minor chord walk into a bar.   B goes up to the bartender: "Give me a St. Bernardus."   "Here you go!" goes the bartender.   C goes up to the bartender: "Get me a Chimay!"   "Here you go!" D goes up to the bartender: "I'd like a Duvel..." To which the bartender replies: "Sorry, we don't serve minors."
A man walks into 1000 bars... and is crushed to death
Three men walk into a bar... You'd think one of them would see it...  ...  Sorry.
A guy walks into a bar and notices a large glass full of money... ... He asks the bartender what is the glass for and he responds: - It's an old bet I have going on, if you win you get all the money in the glass and a keys to a new Ferrari. - Well tell me what I have to do to win! He responds. - First you gotta pay up, ten bucks. Not sure if he wanted to pay ten dollars right away he pressed the bartender for more information about the bet but he remained adamant. - Pay up and I'll tell you. - Fine, fine, here's your ten. - Alright, so there are three things you have to do; firstly, you need to down an entire bottle of tequila in a minute without any facial expression, then you need to help my bulldog out back who has a bad tooth, you know be a dentist, and finally there's a ninety year old lady upstairs who's never had sex, you need to fix that. - What all of that?!?! He exclaims. - You paid your ten dollars now are you going to do it or no? After a while of thinking, he finally responds: - Give me the tequila. The bartender grins as the man grabs the bottle and starts drinking. He manages to drink it all in just 57 seconds without any expression crossing his face. He heads outside and all that the bar can hear are sounds of growling, shouts of pain and screams. This goes on for a few minutes before it stops and goes silent. The man enters through the front door. All of his clothes are ripped to shreds and lacerated but through a painful breath he asks: - Now where's the woman with the bad tooth?
A well dressed 80yr old man walks into the senior center... he stops, surveys the room and sees an attractive 70 yr old lady sitting by herself. he adjust his tie and walks over to her.  " So," He says, " do I come here often?"
Three little ducks walk into a bar...     "Say, what's your name?" the bartender asked the first duck.    "Huey," was the reply.    "How's your day been, Huey?"     "Great. Lovely day. Had a ball. Been in and out of puddles all day. What else could a duck want?" said Huey.    "Oh. That's nice," said the bartender. He turned to the second duck, "Hi,  and what's your name?"    "Dewey," came the answer from duck number two.    "So how's your day been, Dewey! ?" he asked.    "Great. Lovely day. I've had a ball too. Been in and out of puddles all day myself. What else could a duck want?"    The bartender turned to the third duck and said, "So, you must be Louie?"         The little duck fluttered her eyelids and said "no, my name is puddles"
One does not simply walk into Odor. "You have my Old Spice." "And my Mitchum." "And my AXE."
A blind guy walks into a store... and starts swinging his seeing eye dog around his head. An employee comes over and nervously asks if he can help. The blind guy replies "No thanks. I'm just looking around.
A setup and a punchline walk into a bar. The setup says "Hi." The punchline replies: "I thought we wanted to get drunk."
A man walks into a daycare with a child. He walks out in handcuff. 
A pony walks into a bar and orders a glass of water I'm just a little horse, you see.
Two mathematicians walk into a bar...    The first one laments that the average person knows very little about math. The second one disagrees, and they argue over this point for a while.  The first mathematician eventually gets up to use the restroom. While he’s away, the second mathematician calls the waitress over and tells her that, in a few minutes, he’s going to call her over and ask her a question. All she needs to do is respond to it by saying “One third x cubed”.  She repeats, with a puzzled look on her face: “One thir...dex cue???”  He corrects her: “One third x cubed.”  She agrees, and walks away, diffidently repeating to herself “One third...dex cube...One...third dex cube...One third dex…cube.”  When the first mathematician returns, the second proposes a bet—that he’ll ask the waitress to solve an integral, and she’ll be able to do it. The first one agrees, and so the second one calls the waitress over and asks her: “What’s the integral of x squared?”  The waitress proudly states: “One third x cubed!”  As she’s walking away, she looks over her shoulder, smiles, and says: “plus a constant of integration.”  Moral: A degree in mathematics will lead to a waiting job.
A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer.  A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer. "I'm sick of the wife complaining. Last night she said 'You always come home from work in a bad mood. I can't remember the last time you walked through that door with a smile on your face.'" the guy says. "Of course she can't. She wasn't living there then." 
A man walks into a talent agency with his dog claiming it can talk. The agent says, “ok, let’s see if this dog is gonna make us rich”. The guy says, “ Fido, what’s the top of a house called”? Roof! “What’s on a tree”? Bark! “How does sandpaper feel”? Ruff! The talent agent tells the man off and kicks him out of his office. As the man and the dog are walking down the street the dog looks up at the man and says, “Gee Bob, maybe you should have asked some harder questions “.
A man walks into his bedroom and sees his wife packing a suitcase He asks, "What are you doing?"  She replies, "I'm off to New York City. I read that prostitutes there get paid $400 for doing what I do for you for free."  Later, on her way out, the wife walks into the bedroom and sees her husband packing his suitcase. "Where are you going?" she asks  "I'm coming with you. I want to see how you live on $800 a year"
A Cop, Indian, GI, Construction Worker and a Cowboy walk into a bar... Am I in the wrong place or are they?
Whiskey, tequila, and beer walk into a bar. Whiskey goes, "bartender, I'll take a middle aged white guy going through a divorce." Beer goes, "Ya, I'll take the same but make sure the divorce is especially hard on the kids." The bartender serves the two drinks and turns to tequila. "And what can I get you?"  "I don't care, but keep em cheap and keep em comin." "Sure thing." The bartender replies. "One holocaust comin up." 
An amnesiac walks into a bar... ...and sees a beautiful woman sitting alone. After having a few drinks to get his courage up, he approaches her and asks, "Hey gorgeous, do I come here often?"
A gay deer walks into bar And he walks out 2 hours later and says ‘Man I can’t believe I just blew 50 bucks!’
An animal prosthetics expert walks into a bar "What's wrong buddy?" The bartender asked. "You seem down."  "Two whiskies, please. I made a lot of Faux Paws at work today."
Helen Keller walks into a bar Then a chair, and then the wall
An SEO expert walks into a bar. A bistro, a restaurant, an eatery, a takeaway, a burger joint, a diner, a cafe...
Schrödinger's cat walks into a bar Schrödinger's cat doesn't walks into a bar.
A man walks into a store to buy a Barbie doll for his daughter. "How much is that Barbie in the window?" he asks the shop assistant. "Which Barbie? responds the worker. "We have Barbie Goes to the Gym for $19.95, Barbie Goes to the Ball for $19.95, Barbie Goes Shopping for $19.95, Barbie Goes to the Beach for $19.95, Barbie Goes Nightclubbing for $19.95 and Divorced Barbie for $395.00."  The guy asks, "Why is Divorced Barbie different from all the others?"  "That's obvious!" the assistant states. "Divorced Barbie comes with Ken's house, Ken's car, Ken's boat, Ken's furniture..."
A Lobster Walks Into a Bar He goes up to the bartender and says: "Look, before you can serve me, I need to advise you that I'm a lawyer."  "Blimey... A lobster lawyer? That is impressive," says the bartender.  The Lobster puts his briefcase up on the bar, deftly opens it with his claws, and produces a document that looks to be at least 100 pages. He slides it to the bartender.  "This is a legal contract that covers all the questions usually asked of me whenever I walk into a bar. I've just finished a pretty rough case and would like to get to drinking as soon as possible, so if we could skip over the usual jokes and just get through this without delay I'd be much obliged."  The bartender looks at the lobster carefully, but soon nods in agreement.  "Fair enough, mate," he says. "Let's work through this."  The bartender flips over the cover page and starts reading aloud.  "'Point 1: I am a lobster of legal drinking age and you'll find in Annex A a copy of my legally acceptable identification.' Well, okay, no problems there.  "'Point 2: You can serve me more than water and are absolved of any misfortune that befalls me while drinking at your establishment.' What's your favourite drink?"  "Vermouth, usually," says The Lobster, "but I'm hoping for a few stiff glasses of whiskey tonight."  "Okay," the bartender continues reading, "'Point 3: We've established I am a lawyer, and therefore reasonably wealthy. This should assuage any fears you might have about my capability to settle my tab, but I am happy to pay up front if you have any concerns.'"  The Lobster slaps a crisp $50 bill onto the bar.  "Well alright then," says the bartender.  "There's just one more point to read and agree to," says The Lobster.  The bartender raises an eyebrow, seeing that he's still on page one and there are a considerable amount of pages left to read, and quickly flips through a number of the pages to confirm that there is, in fact, writing on every page.  "Look," he says, "before I read the rest, I have to ask: why the large clause?"  The Lobster gives a little sigh.  "Dunno," he says. "I'm a lobster. I guess I've always had them."
A rope walks into a bar.... The bartender says,  "hey, we don't serve ropes here sir". So the rope goes out side gets twisted and messes up his hair and walks back in minutes later.  "Hey are you that rope that I told to leave earlier" shouted the bartender. He looks at the bartender and says "No sir, I'm a frayed knot".
A man walks into a bar and orders 2 beers. A man walks into a bar and orders 2 beers.  The man drinks both and leaves the bar.  The next day the man orders two more beers and the bartender asks why he keeps ordering two beers at a time.  The man replies, "I order one for me and one for my brother in Ireland". And so the man keeps doing the same thing for four years till one day, he only orders one beer. The bartender asks, "Oh no, did something happen to your brother?" The man responds, "Oh he is fine, I'm just doing lent"  Edit: grammar
A teacher walks into a class with a bag full of fruit  The teacher then says, "Now class, I'm going to reach into the bag and describe a piece of fruit and you tell me which fruit I'm talking about. Alright, the first one is round, plump, and red." Little Johnny raised his hand high but the teacher ignored him and picked Deborah who promptly answered, "Apple." The teacher replied, "No Deborah, it's a beet, but I like your thinking. Now the second one is soft, fuzzy and colored red and brown." Johnny is hopping up and down in his seat trying to get the teacher to call on him but she calls on Billy. "Is it a peach?" Billy asks. "No, it's a potato, but I like your thinking," the teacher replies. "Okay the next one is long, yellow, and fairly hard." Johnny is about to explode as he waves his hand frantically but the teacher calls on Sally who say, "A banana." The teacher responds, "No, it's a squash, but I like your thinking." Johnny is irritated now so he speaks up loudly, "Hey, I've got one for you teacher. Let me put my hand in my pocket. Okay, I've got it. It's round, hard, and it's got a head on it." "Johnny!" she cries, "That's disgusting!" "Nope," answers Johnny, "It's a quarter, but I like your thinking!"  EDIT: I accidentally put the wrong flair. Sorry about that :(
A nurse walks into a proctologist's office... ... and gives him a bottle of beer.  The proctologist says "No, I ordered a BUTT light."
Jon walks into a bar He orders for the finest wine there is and starts drinking.  Suddenly the man next to him stands up and starts accusing Jon of stealing his watch.  Jon claims he knows nothing.  Hearing this, the people in the bar gang up and stab him shouting **"For the watch..."**
A tassel walks into a bar... The bartender yells out "Hey, you have to leave! We don't serve ropes here!"  The tassel grins and says "Nope, I'm a Frayed knot!"
A horse walks into a bar and orders a drink The bartender asks: why the long face?
A guy walks into a bar and orders 6 shots of whiskey to celebrate his first blow job.... After downing six shots of whiskey the bartender says to him, "Another shot of whiskey for ya on the house!" The guy replies, "No,  I'm ok. I don't think another shot could get this taste out of my mouth!"
3 Vampires walk into a bar. 3 Vampires walk into a bar. The first Vampire orders a pint of blood. The second Vampire also orders a pint of Blood. The third Vampire orders a pint of Water.  The 2 Vampires turn and look at the third and says "why have you ordered a pint of Water? You're a Vampire for Christ sake"  So the third Vampire pulls a used Tampon from his pocket, dips it in the water and replies "haven't you ever heard of a Tea Bag before?"  
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender confuses jokes with idioms, and offers the horse water but can't make it drink.
A man walks into a bar and sees a mason jar full of money on the counter *"You sure get a lot of tips"* he says.   "That's not a tip jar" says the bartender "you see, we like to play a little game here. You put five bucks into the jar, you get three tasks, and if you complete them, the entire jar is yours. Wanna play?   *"Sure, why not?"*   "Alright, here we go. You see that bottle of vodka on the counter? Drain it in one go. There's an angry doberman in the backyard. His right canine tooth hurts. Pull it out. And also, there's an old hag living in the apartment building opposite the bar. She hasn't had a man in almost 30 years. You'll have to sleep with her. What do you say?"   *"I guess I could do that"*   He grabs the bottle and drains it. Then he stumbles drunkenly out of the bar and into the backyard. There's a great commotion - barking, shouting, whining, sounds of struggle... After a while he walks in, torn and bloodied, and says:    *"Aaalright! Where's that old hag with a toothache?"*
A neutron walks into a bar A neutron walks into a bar and asks "How much for a beer?" The bartender says, "For you? No charge." 
A regular guy walks into a bar. He says to the bartender "I was jus jerking off and when i came, an entire chicken came out of dick!"  The bartender asks inquisitively "How cum?"
A blind guy walks into a bar... Bartender: "What can I get you?"    Blind guy: "I'll take a coke."    Bartender: "Ice or no ice?"    Blind guy: "No eyes...I'm blind you idiot!"
A lady walks into a gynecologist office and says I have a problem I have extremely big pussy lips. I'd like to get an operation but  don’t tell anyone because I am embarrassed about my problem." The doctor agrees and gives her the  operation.   The next day while sitting in the recovery room, she gets three roses delivered. She runs to her doctor and says, "Doctor I thought I told you not to tell anyone. Who sent me these roses?"   The doctor replies, "The first one is from me  because I felt sorry about your problem. The  second is from the nurse who had the same problem you had. The third one is from the guy upstairs  in the burnt unit thanking you for his new ears!"  
A blind man walks into a bar... And then a table... And then a chair...
(long)A man walks into a bar and asks the bartender, "If I show you something amazing will you give me a free beer?" The bartender says "sure, if I'm truly amazed, your first round is on me." so the man sets his briefcase on the bar, opens it up and pulls out a tiny piano. Then the man reaches in and pulls out a tiny man, about a foot tall. The tiny man sits down at the piano and starts to play a beautiful song. "That's amazing!" says the bartender as he pours the man a beer. "where'd you find that little fella?" The man pulls out a magic lamp from his briefcase and says "I got him from this Genie, and I only have one wish left. If you let me drink for free tonight I'll give you the last wish." The bartender says "You have a deal!" and he rubs the lamp and out pops the old Genie. "what is your final wish?" the Genie croaks in an ancient voice. "I want a million bucks." the bartender says. "what?" croaks the Genie, cupping his hand to his ear. "I said I want a MILLION BUCKS!!!" the bartender shouts.  "ah...your wish is my command." Suddenly the whole bar is filled top to bottom with ducks, and they're quacking and shitting all over the place. The bartender shouts "Hey, what gives! I said a million bucks, not a million ducks!" and the man at the bar says "You really think I wished for a twelve inch pianist?"
2 scientists walk into a bar to get a drink The bartender asks them what they'd like to drink, "I'd like h2O." The first scientist says. The second scientist says, "I will have h2O, too." He second scientists passes away seconds after his first sip
A pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar with the ship's helm wheel strapped to his crotch. The bartender takes one look at the man and rolls his eyes.  "Okay," the bartender sighs "I've heard this one before. Lemme guess: 'it's drivin' ya nuts?'"  The pirate, crushed that the bartender stole this punchline, turns around to mope back out the door, when the bartender notices and exclaims "Good gods, man! There's a giant eel sticking out the back of your trousers!"  "Aye," says the pirate, turning back around with a grin. "It's eating me whole (hole)."
A hooker and a priest walk into a spaceship... It lasts for 1 season and a movie and everyone throws a fit when it won't come back. 
Guy walks into a bar and orders a shot of the strongest whiskey... The bartender obliged and the patron drinks it quickly then he said, "give me another one!". The bartender is a little curious and poured him the shot. As soon as the shot was pour, the patron tossed it down his throat and immediately order a third one. This went on for about 5 drinks when the bartender goes, "so buddy, what's up, tonight? doing well?" The patron answered, "Oh, I just had my first blow job tonight." Bartender said "Well, congratulations, since you are so stoked about it, next shot of whiskey is on the house." The patron goes, "nahhhh, if 5 shots didn't wash away the taste, a 6th shot won't do it either."
What do you say to warn Edgar Allen Poe about the tree he's about to walk into? Poetry!
A bear walks into a bar Bartender: " What will you have sir?" Bear: "Gin............ and tonic." Bartender: "Why the big pause?" Bear: "I dont know my dad had them too."
A guy walks into a bar "Ow" he says. 
A man walks into a bar he suffers a severe head injury.
A shrinking man walks into a doctors office. The receptionist says, "you'll have to be a little patient". 
A blind guy walks into a bar... Then a table, a chair...
A mind reader walks into a bar. "Just a shot of tequila for me." The mind reader says.  "Hi, what would you like today?" The bartender says.  (This was redone because of a wrong title)  
Tim Apple walks into a Washington DC bar and drinks couple of beers and prepares to leave The bartender, a certain gentleman called Dump Trump tells him he owes $8.  "But I already paid you. Don't you remember?" says Tim.  "OK," says Trump, "if you say you paid, then I suppose you did."  Tim goes outside and sees Bill Pornhub &amp; tells him that the bartender can't keep track of whether his customers have paid or not. Pornhub rushes in, orders a couple beers, and later pulls the same stunt.  The barkeep Trump replies, "OK, if you say you paid, then I suppose you did."  Bill goes outside and tells his friend John Reddit how to get free drinks. Reddit hurries into the bar and begins to drink highballs.  Trump leans over and says, "You know, a funny thing happened tonight. Two men were drinking beer, neither paid, and both claimed they had. The next guy who tries that stunt is going to get punched in the -- "  Reddit interrupts, "Don't bother me with your troubles, bartender. Just give me my change and I'll be on my way."
A Spanish Archer walks into a bar. He offers his "elbow" for payment. Wondering how he'll pay, you accept. When he pays, he gives you his bow, saying that he gave you "El Bow"
An Italian, a Hispanic and a Hungarian walk into a bar—All have dodgy accents: The bartender watches the trio enter. The Italian announces gregariously: “I from Italy!” and orders an Italian soda. The Hispanic says jovially “Me from Mexico; I thirsty Tequila!” The bartender complies.   The Hungarian begins to speak ecstatically but before he can utter a word, the bartender places a dish of meal in front of the third foreign man, who naturally acts puzzled.   The Bartender answers his questioning glance: “Because I assume you’re naturally Hungary. I could hear your stomach growling ever since you trio walked in here.”
A guy walks into a costume party carrying a girl on his back. "What are you dressed at?" he's asked.  "I'm a turtle!" he replies happily.  "Uh, who's that on your back?" another partygoer asks.  "Oh, that's Michelle."
Three mathematicians walk into a bar  The bartender asks "Do you all want a beer?"                                                      Mathematician A: "I don't know"                                                                        Mathematician B: "I don't know"                                                                        Mathematician C: "Yes"﻿    
A dwarf walks into a A dwarf walks into a brothel with a honeycomb and a jackass. The madam asks how she can help him.  He says "I need a woman for mine has left me." The madam says "Whatever for? And what are the honeycomb and jackass for?" The dwarf says, "my wife found a genie that could grant her three wishes. For the first wish she asked for a house fit for a queen, so he gave her this honeycomb, the second wish she asked for the nicest ass in all the land, so he gave her this Jackass. The madam then asks "what about the third wish?" "She asked the genie for my cock to hang down past my knee." "That's not so bad." "Not so bad?" Spluttered the dwarf  "I used to be 6 foot 3!"
A man walks into a bar and sees a big jar full of money on the counter He asks the bartender about it, and he replies, "Oh, it's for this ongoing... I guess you'd call it a contest."   Intrigued, the man asks how it works.   "Well, you put $100 in and then you'll win the whole jar if you complete three tasks."  The jar is quite large and full to the brim with what must be thousands of $100 bills. Excited, he asks, "What are the three tasks?"  The bartender says, "Well, first you have to drink three straight pints of whiskey without throwing up. That's three entire pints, mind you. Most people can't do it."   "Okay," the man says, clearly seeing that this is dangerous but doable, "what's the second task?"  "Through this door, I have a pet alligator, and he has a sore tooth. It's been bothering him for ages. You need to pull his tooth for me."  "Holy shit," the man says, "alright, well, what's the third task?"  "My granny lives upstairs, so I can take care of her. She's lonely and hasn't gotten laid in over 30 years. Go upstairs and make her feel young again."  The man thinks very hard about these tasks, then nods his head, takes out a fresh, crisp $100 bill and stuffs it into the jar. The bartender pours the three pints of whiskey, which the man promptly starts drinking. It takes him a minute or so, and he nearly vomits, but manages to keep them down.   He then goes through the doorway, stumbling slightly, to the alligator room. An immense howling is soon heard, grunting, scratching, and some of most painful and excruciating sounds the bartender has ever heard.   After a few minutes, the man stumbles back through the doorway, looking a little worse for the wear, and says, "Alright... So, where's that old lady with the sore tooth?"
Descartes walks into a bar... The bartender asks, "would you like a beer sir?"          Descartes replies, "I think not.", and ceases to exist.
Two scientists walk into a bar “I’ll have an H2O.”  “I’ll have an H2O, too.”  The bartender gives them both water because he is able to distinguish the boundary tones that dictate the grammatical function of homonyms in coda position as well as pragmatic context.
Stalin walks into a field Farm worker: Comrade Stalin, we have so many potatoes that, piled one on top of the other, they would reach all the way to God!  Stalin: But God does not exist.  Farm worker: And neither do the potatoes.
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants. The bartender asks, "Hey, buddy, doesn't that bother you?"  The pirate says, "Yar, it's drivin' me nuts."
A suicide bomber walks into a bar But he doesn't blow up, because it's an Allahu snack bar.
Two scientists walk into a bar. The bartender asked the first scientists what he would like? Scientist 1: I'll have a glass of h2o.  The bartender then asked the second scientist what he would like? Scientist 2: I'll have a glass of h2o to.  A little later the second scientist falls over dead. 
A man using apple maps walks into a bar.. ..or maybe it was a church or a grocery store or something 
A blind man walks into a bar "Ouch!"
Three Veterans walk into the VA 3 injured veterans show up at the VA for their disability stipend.  The nurse meets them. "Gentlemen, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid we've lost your records. Given the political climate the colonel has authorized me to pay you based on the length of any part of your body."  The first vet says "okay, pay me based on the length of my arms."  The nurse pulls out a measuring tape and measures his arms.  "Okay sir your arms are 3 feet long. You qualify for $30k a year in disability."  The second vet says "okay, pay me based on the top of my head down to the tip of my toes."  The nurse measures him and says,  "Okay sir, you are six feet tall. You qualify for $60k a year in disabilty."  The third vet says "I want you to measure from the tip of my penis down to my balls."  "Very funny sir."  "I'm serious, do it."  Sighing, the nurse puts on gloves and holds up the man's penis and starts at the tip.  "Wait a minute, where are your balls?"  The third vet jerks a thumb over his shoulder.  "Fucking 'Nam."
A man walks into a bar... Ouch!
An ion walks into a bar...  A  waitress comes over and the ion orders a whiskey. Time passes and  people come and go. The ion is now on his fifth drink and is becoming  increasingly erratic. The waitress brings over another round, but this  time the ion tries to slap her on the ass as she leaves.  That's it for you, hon, she says as she slams down the check.  What, you're going to charge me? says the ion.
A horse walks into a bar The bar tender says: "Why the long face?"  "My wife is dead."
A man walks into a library He asks the librarian:  "Do you have any good psychological thrillers?"  The librarian, panicking, leans down and yells into the microphone:  "Security needed at the entrance hall! Patient D56 has escaped his cell again!"  The man answers:  "Any others? I think I've read that one before"
A man walks into a gay bar The bartender shouts "anyone want a white Russian?"
A priest, a rabbi and an imam walk into a bar The atheist ducks
A priest, a rabbi, and a homeless man walk into a bar "What is this, some sort of joke?" asked the bartender
A man walks into a burger joint... He reads off the menu:  Hamburger          $2.50 Cheeseburger     $3.50 HandJobs            $25.00  He walks up and whispers to the girl running the til; “are you the one who gives the $25 handjobs?”  The girl replies; “yes” , with a smile on her face.  “Okay, go wash your hands really well, than make me a fucking cheeseburger.”  
A man and his wife walk into a bar... The lady sits down and the man approaches the bartender, and orders a beer and a glass of wine "for that DONKEY sat over there", glaring at his wife. The bartender is confused but doesn't say anything.   The man comes back to the bar later on and orders himself another beer and a glass of wine for that DONKEY again, still glaring at his wife. The bartender feels bad for the lady but still doesn't say anything.  When the man leaves his wife alone at the table to use the bathroom, the bartender gently approaches the wife and asks if she is ok, and explains that her husband has been calling her a donkey and he feels bad for her. The wife's face crumples as she says...   (Cue donkey noises)  "HEAWWW HEAWWWays says that about me!"
A guy walks into a gay club As he walks up to the bar, a man asks him “Excuse me sir, may I push your stool in for you?”
Robespierre, Trotsky, and Mao walk into a bar. There are no survivors.
A man walks into a bar... A new bar opens in town, a man walks in and asks the bartender for a Jack and Coke. Bartender reaches under the bar and grabs an apple and hands it to the guy, puzzled the guy says " I ordered a Jack and Coke, not an apple.". Bartender says,"just take a bite.". The man exclaims "this tastes just like coke, but what about the Jack.". Bartender tells him to turn it around and take another bite, he does and finds it taste just like Jack Daniels. Another man comes in and orders a screwdriver, again the bartender reaches under the bar, grabs an apple and hands it to the guy. Noticing the look on the persons face the first customer says,"trust me, just take a bite.". Which he does and finds it tastes just like orange juice, so the first guy tells him to turn it around and take another bite, he does and it tastes just like vodka. Now a third guy walks in and the first two tell him that the bartender has apples that taste like anything he wants. The third guy thinks for a minute, and then says"I want an apple that tastes like a woman.". So the bartender reaches under the bar grabs an apple and hands it to him. He takes a big bite, and then spits it out and tells,"THIS APPLE TASTE LIKE ASS!!". So the bartender says  "Turn it around."
A Turkish guy walks into a bar Fucking prison.
A masochist walks into a construction yard A masochist walks into a construction yard and a breeze block falls onto his head only to miraculously split into two. A nearby construction worker exclaims in amazement to the masochist that "You must be as hard as a rock". The masochist replied saying "You have no idea".
WALKS INTO A BAR... FRUGAL GORILLA A gorilla walks into a bar and says, "A scotch on the rocks, please." The gorilla hands the bartender a $10 bill.  The bartender thinks to himself, "This gorilla doesn't know the prices of drinks," and gives him 15 cents change.  The bartender says, "You know, we don't get too many gorillas in here."  The gorilla replies, "Well, at $9.85 a drink, I ain't coming back, either.
A nudist woman walks into a bar And tells the bartender "one beer please" The bartender just looks at her from head to toes. "What? Haven't  you ever seen a naked woman?" -- "Oh yeah many times"-- "Well, why do you keep staring  at me then?"-- "I'm just wondering where you keep your money to pay for the beer"
A Yankee walks into a bar in Alabama A Yankee walks into a bar in Alabama and orders a cosmopolitan.  The bartender looks at the man and says "You're not from'round here are ya?"  "No" replies the, "I'm from New Hampshire."   The bartender looks at him and says, "Well what do you do in New Hampshire?"  "I'm a taxidermist," says the man. The bartender looks bewildered,  so the man explains, "I mount dead animals."  The bartender stands back and hollers to the whole bar, "It's OK, boys! He's one of us!"
A man walks into a bar.. and asks the bartender for a rum and coke. The bartender says " Is Pepsi okay?" The man replies, "Yeah that's fine". The bartender takes out a glass and fills it with Pepsi and Coke.
Two guys who vape walk into a bar I only know because they're naked on the bar blowing their vapes up each others' assholes right now. 
A guy walks into a bar... and his alcoholism tears his family apart.
A man walks into a bar.. and orders alcohol. And then he dies
A Man Walks Into a Bar So a man walks into a bar and asks the bartender,"Hey got any specials tonight?" The bartender tells the man tonight there is a challenge, first you have to drink this glass of vodka, then you have to go out back and pull a tooth from an alligator, and finally you have to go upstairs and have sex with a woman. The man at first says no way, but after a few drinks he decides to do the challenge. The bartender hands him the glass of vodka and he downs it. He then goes outside to the alligator. He's out there for a while and making a lot of noise. When he finally comes back in the bartender asks,"What took you so long?" The man replies, "Where is that woman who needs her tooth pulled?"
Two scientists walk into a bar The bartender asks them what they would like.      The first one says, "I'll have some H₂O."      The second one says, "I'll have some H₂O too."      The bartender serves them both hydrogen peroxide because they referred to water as H₂O in a normal conversation.
[NSFW] A farmer walks into his house holding a duck. His wife is sitting in the front room. He looks at her and says, "This is the pig I've been fucking."   She says, "That's not a pig, that's a duck."  The farmer says, "Shut up bitch, I wasn't talking to you."
Schrodingers cat walks into a bar ... and doesn't. 
A blind man walks into a fish market... He goes: hello ladies!
JokeExplainBot walks into a bar... Just as he steps in, he hears a joke between two drunks "...and if you get assfucked by just one horse..." Jokeexplainbot intterupts and says "receiving anal from a horse has been known to cause health issues" The drunkards respond "your mom is having health issues from anal from me"  JokeExplainBox then says "Your Mom is a common comeback to say when there is a fault with what someone said"  The drunkards then laugh at how exploitable the bot is, that they go onto reddit to see what responce JokeExplainBot has to it in writing.
Cinderella walks into a bar... "I'd like a glass of shoes, please"
A War Horse walks into a bar and the bartender asked "Why the long film?"
A dog walks into a pub A dog walks into a pub, and takes a seat.  He says to the barman,  'Can I have a pint of lager and a packet of crisps please'.  The barman says, 'Wow, that's amazing! You should join the circus!'  The dog replies, 'Why? Do they need electricians?'
It's the 9th of November, 2016. An anti-vaxxer, birther and ancap walk into a bar. The birther says to the bartender "Could I have a small Molotov cocktail please?"
A man walks into a sex shop... (NSFW) During a dry spell, a man decides that usual masturbation is no longer satisfying his needs and decides to pop down to his local neighbourhood sex shop to purchase an inflatable doll with which to sate himself   Upon arriving at the store, the assistant asks "Would you like a male or a female doll?"  Being your garden variety str8 boi, he asks for a female doll   The assistant now asks "Would you like the doll to be white, black, or Asian?"   Having never before engaged in intimate relations with a lady of the Asian persuasion, he decides upon the Asian doll   Finally, the assistant asks "Do you prefer a Christian doll or a Muslim doll?"   Confused, the man asks "What's its religion got to do with anything? It's just an inflatable doll!"  To which the assistant replies "Well sir, the Muslim one blows itself up!" 
A man walks into a library and says to the librarian, "Do you have that book for men with small Penises?" The librarian looks on her computer and says, "I don't know if it's in Yet." "Yeah that's the one" 
A Frenchman, an Italian man, and a Japanese man walk into a bar. The bartender is cleaning his blender when he walks up to the Frenchman first. He asks, “can I interest you in one of our freshly blended frozen daiquiris.” The Frenchman scoffs and replies, “I have no time for that, I must bring my poodle Pierre to have his balls removed. Get me one of your best Pinot Noirs.” The Italian man laughs, the Japanese man ignores him, and the bartender gets his drink. The bartender approaches the Italian man next and asks, “may I interest you in one of our freshly blended frozen daiquiris.” The Italian quickly replies, “I have no time for that, I have to take my mother to her own funeral. Get me one of your finest Chiantis.” The Frenchman laughs, the Japanese man ignores him, and the bartender gets his drink. Finally the bartender approaches the Japanese man and asks, “Could I interest you in one of our freshly blended frozen daiquiris.” The Japanese man looks up and replies, “I have no time for that. I have to figure out a plan to stop the Decepticons. Get me your top Sake.” The Frenchman laughs, the Italian man laughs, and the blender kills them all and walks out the bar.
A guy walks into a heavy metal bar. ouch.
A bear walks into a bar... ... goes up to the barman and says "I'd like a gin and tonic .............. and a packet of peanuts". The barman says "Sure, but why the big pause?". The bear holds up his hands and says, "These? Hey, I was born with them".
Billy Joel walks into a bar. The barman says ‘Bill, I believe this is killing me.’ As the smile ran away from his face.
Two chemists walk into a bar. Two chemists walk into a bar. The first one says, "I'll have some H2O."  The second says, "I'll have H20 too", drinks it and dies.  Hopefully this joke dies with him and doesn't get reposted.  EDIT: Joke now makes sense thanks to: Its_Not_My_Problem
A man who keeps telling the same joke over and over walks into a bar. The bartender says, "How are you, r/Jokes?"
A termite walks into a bar.. And says where is the bartender
So a dyslexic guy walks into a bra..... Credits to my uncle, for making this his senior quote in highschool. Not sure if he thought of it or not.
So a man walks into a grocery store and asks the cashier if they have helicopter flavored potato chips. The cashier says, "sorry we only have plane." ✈️ 
An anti-semantic walks into a synagogue. The linguists in the group are offended and leave.
Shakespeare and Robbie Burns walk into a bar... and the barman says: "Get out, you're both bard."
A young girl walks into her home... Excitedly walks over to her father, points to her hand and says:  "Look dad! A man in the elevator told me he would give me this ring if I sucked his dick!"
Gorilla walks into a bar Gorilla walks into a bar and says, "A scotch on the rocks, please." The gorilla hands the bartender a $10 bill.  The bartender thinks to himself, "This gorilla doesn't know the prices of drinks," and gives him 15 cents change.  The bartender says, "You know, we don't get too many gorillas in here."  The gorilla replies, "Well, at $9.85 a drink, I ain't coming back, either."
An engineer, a clown, and a giraffe walk into a bar The bartender says: "What kind of weird group is this?"  The engineer replies: "One from r/Jokes"
A polar bear walks into a bar Bartender: What'll you have? Polar bear: I'll have a gin and...................tonic.  Bartender: OK but why the big pause? Polar bear looks down and says: I don't know...i was born with them. 
A man walks into a zoo. The only animal there was a dog It was a Shih Tzu.
Liam Neeson walks into a bar Liam: Table for one please. Barman: Sure. Where would you like to sit? Liam: How about over there? Barman: Sorry, that seat's Taken. ... Liam: Ok then. What about here? Barman: That seat's Taken 2.
So an Indian and an African walk into a bar.... Just kidding... its Elizabeth Warren and Rachel Dolezal
A man walks into a bar... A girl says hello.....
A paedophile, a sadist, and a Priest walk into a bar. He sits down and orders a drink.
A rabbi and a priest walk into a bar... A rabbi and a priest walk into a bar, and one says to the other, "Hey, have you heard the one about us?"
A man walks into a bar Inside the bar was a donkey, the man asks the bartender "What's up with the donkey?" The bartender replies "If you can make my donkey laugh then you drink for free tonight." The man then walks over to the donkey and whispers into it's ear, the donkey then starts laughing, so the man got free drinks for the night.  The next night, the man returns to the bar and asks the bartender if the same promotion was still available. The bartender tells him yes but this time he has to make his donkey cry. So the man takes the donkey out back and in less than a minute they both return and the donkey is crying, so while the bartender serves the man his free drink he says "I gotta ask, how did you do it?" The man after taking a drink replies "Yesterday I told him that I have a bigger dick than him, today I proved it."
A mushrooms walks into a bar... ... The bartender yells "Get the hell outta here!"  The mushroom says "But why?! I'm a Fungi!"
A man walks into a bar on the third floor. He sits down and orders a double vodka on the rocks, smashes his head three times on the counter and jumps out the window. A minute later the man walks back inside and orders another double vodka on the rocks, bangs his head on the counter and proceeds to jump out the window. When he again walks in the door, one of the patrons walks up to him and asks: "Excuse me, but how are you able to survive that fall?" The man replies: "If you are able to drink a double vodka on the rocks and bang your head on the desk three times you can do anything." The other patron says to the barkeep: "Give me one, I need to try this." He proceeds to down his drink, bashes his head and jumps out the window. The barkeep says to the first man: "You're cruel when you get drunk superman."
A jumper cable walks into a bar... The bartender says, "I'll serve you, but you better not start anything!"
A man walks into a pet shop He goes up to the counter and says "i'll take one wasp please".  The guy looks at him funny and says "We don't sell wasps sir"  and the fella replies "Thats funny, you have one in the window"  Collegue told me at work the other day, made me chuckle
A sandwich walks into a bar The bartender looks at it and says, "Sorry, we don't serve food here."
An American, a Frenchman and a Chinese walk into a bar. An American, a Frenchman and a Chinese walk into a bar. The topic of WW2 comes up and the Frenchman says to the American, "Dropping two atomic bombs on Japan was a terrible mistake." The Chinese nods. "You should have dropped more than two."
Three blind mice walk into a bar but they are unaware of their surroundings so to derive humor from it would be exploitative
A Pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his dong.  The bartender asks “Holy crap, doesn’t that hurt?”  The pirate replies, “Arrrr, it’s driving me nuts!”
A priest, a rabbit and an imam walks into a bar The bartender looks at them, and then turns to the OP and says  -Dude, i think you're starting to be dyslectic
Two penguins walk into a bar. The second one says “I should have seen that coming!”
A lizard who just cant get it up walks into the doctors office The lizard asks the doctor what the problem might be.  The doc answers back, seems to me like you might have Ereptile Dysfunction. 
So a blind man walks into a bar, and a bus stop, and a fence.
Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a Martini The bartender asks, "olive or twist?" 
Three guys walk into a bar One ducks!
A guy walks into a patio bar A guy walks into a patio bar.  He sits down next to an acquaintance.  He reached into to his inner coat pocket, and pulls out a midget.  This is no ordinary midget.  This particular midget is only about a foot tall.  He placed his midget friend on the bar.  He reaches back into his coat pocket.  He pulls out a miniature baby grand piano.  The little midget starts tearing that shit up.  All badass contemporary, Billy Joel, Elton John style.  Naturally, this gathers the attention of the acquaintance sitting next to him.  The acquaintance looks over and asks, "where did you get this little piano playing midget"??.  Our dude reaches into his pocket one last time, and pulls out an Arabian magic lamp.  Like something you'd see in Aladin.  He says "I made a wish, rubbed it, and here we are".  The acquaintance asks if he may try, and our dude hands it over to him.  The acquaintance rubs the magic lamp, and says "I wish I had a million bucks".  Suddenly, the sky fills with dark gray clouds.  There's a crack of intense lightning, and it starts raining ducks.  They're falling everywhere.  "Quack, quack, quack".  The acquaintance says, "what the fuck, man? I wished for a million bucks, not a million ducks".  Our dude says to him: "Do you really think I wish for a twelve inch pianist"?
A termite walks into a bar and says: "Is the bartender here?"
A man walks into a bar... and orders nine shots of jaegermeister.  "Why are you ordering so many at once ?" asks the barman perplexed  "You see, I just had my first blowjob" says the man  "Well shit, congratulations, have a tenth one on me!" shouts happily the barman  "Thanks, but if nine doesn't get rid of the taste.. nothing will".
What are the best "Walk into a bar" jokes? Two guys are walking down the street in Florida and they see a sign outside a bar that says "10 cent Martinis" and they decide to go in. They don't believe it, but decide to order anyway. The bartender makes two large Belvedere martinis with blue cheese olives and says "That will be 20 cents." The two guys can't believe it, but drink up and order again. While the bartender is making the drinks, they ask him "How can you afford to do this?" The bartender responds, "I always wanted to own a bar where people could drink cheaply and then I won the lottery." One of the patrons responded, "That's great, congratulations." Just then, the other customer notices that there are three guys at the end of the bar with no drinks in front of them. He asks, "How come those guys aren't drinking?" The bartender says, "Oh, they are retirees from the Midwest. They are waiting for Happy Hour to start."
A grasshopper walks into a bar The bartender says, "We've got a drink named after you!"The grasshopper says, "You've got a drink named Steve?"
Past, present, and future walk into a bar... It was tense.
An infinite number of people walk into a bar... The first orders a beer. The second orders half a beer. The third orders a quarter beer. The fourth orders an eighth of a beer...    The bartender pulls out two beers and tells them to know their limits.
An American walks into an English pub and orders a Budweiser. Barman: Oh, you must be American. American: You can tell from my order and accent, huh? Barman: No, because you're the fattest fuck I've ever seen.
Three Statisticians Walk Into A Bar... The bartender asks them "Would you all like a drink?"   The first statistician says "Maybe".   The second statistician also says "Maybe".   The third statistician then smiles, and says "Yes!"
Guy walks into a bar and orders a fruit punch. Bartender says "Pal, if you want a punch you'll have to stand in line" Guy looks around, but there is no punch line.   
A QA engineer walks into a bar. Orders 1 beer. Orders 0 beers. Orders 999999999 beers. Orders a lizard. Orders -1 beers. Orders a bsjskuah.
A guy walks into a bar {walks up to an ugly girl} Guy: is this seat taken? Girl (trying not to sound too flattered): Why no, it isn't. Guy: didn't think so. {continues walking}
A grasshopper walks into a bar and the bartender says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!" The grasshopper looks surprised and asks, "You have a drink named Steve?"
A man walks into a bar.. ..I don’t know how he didn’t see it coming
A lady walks into a bar and sees a really cute guy sitting at the counter. She goes over and asks him what he is drinking. "Magic Beer", he says She thinks he's a little crazy, so she walks around the bar, but after that there is no one else worth talking to,goes back to the man sitting at the bar and says,"That isn't really Magic Beer, is it?" "Yes, I'll show you." He takes a drink of the beer, jumps out the window,flies around the building 3 times and comes back in the window. The lady can't believe it: "I bet you can't do that again." He takes another drink of beer, jumps out the window, flies around the building three times, and comes back in the window. She is so amazed that she says she wants a Magic Beer, so the guy says to the bartender, "Give her one of what I'm having." She gets her drink, takes a gulp of the beer, jumps out the window, plummets 30 stories, breaks every bone in her body, and dies. The bartender looks up at the guy and says, "You know, you're a real asshole when you're drunk, Superman!"
A time traveling surgeon walks into a bar with the younger version of himself. The bartender say’s, what can I get for you paradox?
A traveler walks into a bar... As he sits down to order a drink, a man charges in screaming, "THE ANTELOPES ARE HERE THE ANTELOPES ARE HERE!"  The traveler watches in astonishment as the contents of the bar spills out of the room and into the streets where everyone starts fucking the antelopes. The man shakes his head, finishes his drink and heads home.  The next day at the same bar, another man runs in screaming, "THE ANTELOPES ARE HERE THE ANTELOPES ARE HERE!" Sure enough, everyone leaves the bar and starts fucking an antelope. The traveler scratches his head, finishes his drink and heads home.   The third day, another man runs in and proclaims loudly, "THE ANTELOPES ARE HERE THE ANTELOPES ARE HERE!"  The traveler stands up, finishes his drink, and says "fuck it." He walks outside, finds the first antelope he sees, and starts fucking.  Everyone stares at him as he realizes he is the only one doing an antelope.  "What's going on?" He asks. "Is anyone else going to fuck an antelope??"  "Holy smokes check that out!" a man replies. "That's the ugliest fuckin antelope I've ever seen!"  
Past, Present and Future walk into a bar... It was tense.
A black boy walks into the kitchen... Where his mother is baking and accidentally pulls the flour over onto his head. He turns to his mother and says, “Look Mama, I’m a white boy!” His mother smacks him and says, “Go tell your Daddy what you just said!” The boy finds his father and says, “Look Daddy, I’m a white boy!” His Daddy bends him over, spanks him, stands the boy back up, and says, “Now, what do you have to say for yourself?” The boy replies, “I’ve only been a white boy for five minutes and I already hate you black people!”
A horse walks into a bar, Several people notice the potential danger in the situation and exit the bar.
A man walks into a fancy restaurant... ...and sits alone at an empty table. After some time exploring the menu he calls for a waiter. "Are you ready to order sir?" "Yes, I will have a single shrimp and a glass of milk" says the man. The waiter shocked by the extravagance of the order writes it down and goes rushes into the kitchen. A few minutes later the waiter arrives at the table with a peeled cooked shrimp in the middle of a plate and a glass of milk. The waiter steps away from the table but without losing sight. The man grabs the shrimp from its tale lifts it up over the glass of milk and after examining it for a few seconds dips it inside. Up and down and up. Brings it to his mouth and eats it with a single bite. The waiter who witnessed the whole thing goes back to the table with a face full of confusion, "Sir, in my 30 years of experience as a waiter I have never seen anything like that." To what the man answers, "Well, no need to worry about it, you won't see it again... because it was fucking disgusting!"
A guy walks into a bar, followed by an ostrich, followed by a cat. All three sit down at the bar. The bartender looks at the man and says, “What’ll ya have?” The man says, “Gimme a beer.” The ostrich says, “I’ll have one too.” The cat says, “I want two beers, but I’m only gonna pay half price.” The bartender serves up four beers, and tells the man, “that’ll be $12.67.” The man reaches in his pocket and without even looking sets exact change down on the bar.   After they finish their beers, the bartender asks, “anything else?” The man says, “Gimme a shot of bourbon.” The ostrich says, “I’ll have one too.” The cat says, “I want a double bourbon, but I’m only gonna pay half price.” The bartender serves them and says, “That’s $14.03.” The man reaches into his pocket and without even looking again sets exact change on the bar.   After that round, the bartender says, “What else will ya have?” The man says, “I need a Jack and Coke.” The ostrich says, “Me too!” The cat says, “I want two Jack and Cokes, and I’m only paying...”   “Half price, I know,” says the bartender. He sets them up and says, “$16.38, please.” The man reaches in his pocket a third time, and again sets exact change on the bar without counting it out.   The bartender asks the man, “How is it that every time you pay for your drink order, you can set exact change on the bar without looking?” The man says, “Well, some years ago I was walking on the beach in Egypt, and I found a magic lamp in the sand. I rubbed it, and a genie appeared and granted me three wishes for setting him free. So, with the first wish, I wished that no matter what I ever wanted to buy, I would always have exact change for it in my pocket.”  The bartender says, “That’s brilliant! Most people would wish for a million or five million or whatever. This way, you’ll never run out of money, you don’t have to worry about carrying it, and you’ll never be robbed! Absolutely brilliant.”  The man says, “I know, and thank you!”  The bartender says, “So what did you ask for with your other two wishes?” The man said “A chick with long legs and a tight pussy.”
A man walks into a bar "hey how's it going man," says the bartender to him  "Yeah      " The man says back  The man says back  "I'll have two whiskees on the the rocks please sir" says the man to the bartender  "Sure coming right up" he replies  The bartender then proceeds to pour two glasses of whiskey with ice in each of them and gives them to the man.  "Thanks man I needed these"  The moral of the story is that the one you have ain't the one you always got  Y'know?
16 sodium atoms walk into a bar... Followed by Batman.
Bugs Bunny walks into a hospital He asks his doctor “What’s up, doc?”  The doctor replies “Your blood pressure, Bugs.”  “And if I don’t get it sorted out?”  The doctor, visually distraught, answers: “That’s all, folks.”
A ham sandwich walks into a bar And orders a beer.  The bartender says “sorry, we don’t serve food here”.
A man walks into McDonalds The cashier says, “Hello sir! May I take your order? By the way sir, we don’t have any-”  The man interrupts, “Yes, can I get a, uh, Big Mac with large fries?”  “Sir, we don’t have any fries, would you like-“  “Oh, then can I get some small fries?”  The cashier sighs and rolls his eyes. “Look, why is there a hip in ship?”  The man thinks about it for a moment, and replies, “Well, God must’ve put it there.”  “Okay, and why is there ants in pants?”  The man takes a second to think about it again. “Hmm, I suppose God put it there as well.”  “Now, why is freak in French fries?” The cashier asks again,  The man thinks hard on this one for a couple of moments. “Wait a second, there ain’t no freak in French fries.”  “That’s what I’ve been trying to TELL YOU THE WHOLE TIME.”
A cowboy walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman. He gives her a quick glance then causally looks at his watch for a moment.   The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?"   "No", he replies,"I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it.."   The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What"s so special about it?"  The cowboy explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically."   The lady says, "What"s it telling you now?"  Well, it says you're not wearing any panties."   The woman giggles and replies "Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties!"  The cowboy smiles, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing's an hour fast."
A Horse walks into a bar... Bartender says, “why the long face?”  Horse says, “because I’ve got AIDS”
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and grabs a drink. There, he sees a gorilla in the corner of the bar doing its own thing. The person, intrigued, asks the bartender, “Why do you guys keep a gorilla in the corner of the bar?”.  The bartender replies with, “Well the Gorilla is here for one specific thing”.  The bartender taps the table three times, the Gorilla comes over, and the Bartender proceeds to smack the Gorillas head with a giant metal pole. The gorilla begins to bend down, and gives the bartender the best blowjob of his life.  After finishing, the bartender turns to the man and says “Would you like a go?”  Excited, the man replies, “Sure! Just try not to hit me too hard!”
A chicken walks into a bar The bartender says “hey! We can’t serve you here! You gotta go to the bar across the street”
A weasel walks into a bar The bartender says, “Wow, I’ve never served a weasel before. What can I get for you?  “Pop,” goes the weasel.
A bald man walks into a bar... He approaches the barkeeper and tells him  "I have something in my pocket that I will show you. If you swear you've never seen anything like it before, I'll have free drinks all night"  The barkeeper, in his mid fifties, who has clearly seen a lot in his life, agrees with a nod.  The bald guest grabs into his pocket what appears to be a doll and puts this small person dressed in Victorian clothes onto the bar. The little guy is not taller than a Whiskey bottle, when he suddenly approaches the barkeeper, bows in front of him and says, "Hello, my name is Rick and I am a British poem writer"  The barkeeper stares baffled at this tiny person for a moment and looks up to the bald guy and says, "I've never ever seen anything like it! Where did you get him?"  "You know", the bald man starts "I've just come from the street corner three blocks further. I had drunk already a lot, so I felt awful and had to lean onto a lantern post not to fall onto my nose. Just by leaning there the rub was sufficient to awaken a fairy who granted me a wish..."  The barkeeper - who already had heard enough - just rushed out of the bar to rub every post he encountered until three blocks further a fairy effectively appeared. With a soft voice she whispered, "I may grant you a wish, whatever it is!"  The barkeeper, still not believing his luck and the reality of it, responded in a haste "5 millions in cash!"  The fairy snipped her fingers and disappeared. All that was left was a barkeeper with 5 melons and a rash. Disappointed he went back to his bar, scratching his face, confronting the visitor and his little pal, who still were enjoying free drinks.  "You could have told me that the fairy is hard of hearing!" screams the barkeeper.  The bald guest looks the barkeeper dead in the eye and says, "Is that so? BECAUSE YOU REALLY BELIEVE I WISHED FOR A 10 INCH RICK?"  &amp;#x200B;  (sorry for mistakes and grammar, English is not my mother tongue) in one form or another this joke might be known. since I had to type it down myself, shouldn't be a re-post. Hope you enjoyed anyway.  Edit... Inches, not grammar -.-
Two flies walk into a Bar. One of them asks the bartender:  \- Can I have a shit with some onion please, but not too much onion, I don't want a stinking breath.  &amp;#x200B;
Two chemists walk into a bar. The first chemist says: "I'll have some H2O".  The second chemist says: "I'll have some H2O as well".  Assassination averted.
A man walks into a bar in Westeros And the bartender says "stop speaking in third person Jaqen for fuck's sake"
A duck walks into an empty bar with a loaded automatic "It's a stickup!"  The duck motions the bartender to empty his register. But while collecting cash, the bartender presses a silent alarm. Soon police sirens approach. Cars skid to a stop outside. The duck peeks out a window and sees a hostage negotiator prepare his bullhorn.   "Alright you good for nothing mallard, drop that weapon and come out with your hands up!"  "QUACK!"  "Kill that man and we'll strap you in the chair to roast!"  "QUACK! QUACK!"  "They're gonna do it you know," said the bartender. "These guys mean business!"  "Just my luck," replied the duck. "With this job, I put all my eggs in one fucking basket!" 
A priest, a minister and a rabbi walk into a bar... Bartender says, "Is this some kind of joke?"
A man walks into a bar, and asks for a couple of shots . . . . . . The bartender asks "Rough day?" The man says, "Yeah, I found out my youngest son is gay." The bartender looks at him and says, "That's rough buddy. Those shots are on the house." So the man takes the shots then leaves.  A few weeks later, the man comes back and asks for four shots. The bartender sees that it's the same guy, so he asks, "Another rough day?" The man says, "Yup. I found out my oldest son is gay." The bartender feels sorry for him, so he says, "Man, that sucks. Tell you what, half of those are on the house." So the man takes the shots and stumbles home.  A month later, the man returns and asks for a whole bottle of Jack Daniel's. "Man," the bartender exclaims. "Doesn't anyone in your house like pussy?" The man turns to him and says,  "Yup, apparently my  wife does."
A guy walks into a bar holding a screwdriver over his head . "Ladies and gentlemen!" he yells. "This is not a drill!"
Two men walk into a bar. . . “Doors over here,” says man number 3.
A guy walks into a bar and sits down. He starts calling numbers... like a telephone... on his hand and talking in his hand. The bartender walks over and tells him this is a very tough neighbourhood and he doesn't need any trouble here.  The guy says, You don't understand. I'm very hi-tech. I had a phone installed in my hand because I was tired of carrying the cellular. The bartender says 'Prove it'.  The guy dials up a number and hands his hand to the bartender. The bartender talks into the hand and carries on a conversation. 'That's incredible,' says the bartender. 'I would never have believed it!!'  'Yeah,' said the guy, I can keep in touch with my broker, my wife, you name it. By the way, where is the men's room?'. The bartender directs him to the men's room. The guy goes in and 5, 10, 20 minutes go by and he doesn't return. Fearing the worst given the neighbourhood, the bartender goes into the men's room. There is the guy spread-eagle on the wall. His pants are pulled down and he has a roll of toilet paper up his butt.  'Oh my god!' said the bartender 'Did they rob you? Are you hurt ?'  The guy tums and says, 'No, I'm ok. I'm just waiting for a fax'
A guy walks into a tailor shop. He tells the tailor he needs to be fitted for a tux. The tailor starts to measure him, and the guy asks "What are you doing?" The tailor says "I'm measuring you to get the right fit." The guy exclaims "I'll do that part myself." So the tailor says "Fine, suit yourself."
Gimli walks into a bar The bar was quite low, to be honest.
A hotdog and a hamburger walk into a bar.. The bartender immediately tells them "I'm sorry but we don't serve food here."
An Italian a Dutchman and an American walk into a bar... To watch England in the world cup.
A panda walks into a restaurant, sits down, and orders a sandwich. He eats the sandwich, pulls out a gun, and shoots the table.  As the panda stands up to leave, the manager shouts, "Hey! Where are you going? You just shot my table and you didn't pay for your sandwich!"  The panda yells back at the manager, "Hey, man, I'm a PANDA! Look it up!"  The manager opens his dictionary and sees the following definition for panda: "A tree-dwelling marsupial of Asian origin, characterized by distinct black and white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves."
A photon walks into a hotel And checks in.  The desk clerk says, “Can we help you with your luggage?”  The photon says, “No, thanks. I’m traveling light.”
Peter Dinklage walks into a doctor’s office. He says, “I’m a Hollywood star. Can I go to the front of the line?” Doctor: I am sorry Sir, but you have to be a little patient.
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first says, "I'll have a beer." The second says, "I'll have half a beer." The third says, "I'll have a quarter of a beer." And so on. The bartender hands them two glasses of beer and says, "You guys need to know your limits."
A man walks into a library and orders fish and chips. The librarian says: "This is a library..."  The man replies: "oh Sorry!" (Then in a whisper) "I'd like some fish and chips."
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first says, "I'll have a beer." The second says, "I'll have 2 beers." The third says, "I'll have a 3 beers." And so on. Once they've finished ordering, they give the bartender a total of one twelfth of a beer.
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one orders a beer. The second one orders half a beer. The third one orders a third of a beer... And so on. The bartender says: "That is an infinite amount of beer. You guys need to know your limits!"
Anakin Skywalker and Ahsoka Tano walk into a Coruscant bar... Looking for a bounty hunter suspected of selling Republic secrets to the Seperatists. Their informant said that the bar was their usual stomping ground. As they walked in they noticed the bar had some exotic dancers as well.   "I'm gonna ask one of them if they've seen the perp." Anakin said. He then walked over to a very voluptuous Twi'lek who the informant said was the perp's close friend.He got in her face, questioning her. After a minute of them talking, the Twi'lek felt something pushing into her thigh and Ahsoka noticed. The Twi'lek screamed and then a group of Rodians burst into the room with blasters. One of them had an eye patch over his scarred eye. "Get away from my girl, Jedi!"   Anakin stepped back with his hands up. "Easy, its not what it looks like-"     But then Ahsoka ignited her lightsaber and the Rodians began blasting them, the two blocked the laser bolts with their sabers and had this exhange...   "You just had to ignite your lightsaber, huh Snips?!"    "Me?! You just had to ignite YOURS, didn't you?" 
An NBA ref walks into a bar... He couldn't see it 
Tony Danza and Bruce Springsteen walk into a bar... Who’s the Boss?
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his lap The bartender says “Hey mate. You’ve got a steering wheel on your lap!”  Pirate replies “Arrrrrgh! It be driving me nuts!!”
An electric razor, two peanuts, John Goodman, and a large bowl of lucky charms walk into a bar... The electric razor yells, "Does anyone need a trim?"   Nobody responds.  The two peanuts shouts, "Is anyone hungry?"  Nobody responds.  John Goodman hollers, "Anyone need an onion?"  Somebody responds...  "Why do you ask us if we need an onion?"  John Goodman yells back, "You'll find out once you hear what my friend here has to say"  The large bowl of lucky charms steps forward, clears his throat, and says, "I'm nothing special.  Just a bowl of lucky charms.  Does that make me worthless?  Of course not.  To all of you, I may just be a bowl of cereal, but to my friends here, I've been loyal and a loving friend"  The electric razor tears up.  The two peanuts tear up.  John Goodman tears up.  Everyone in the bar tears up.  John Goodman looks around and sits beside an old man in his 70s and asks him, "Do you like onions?"    The old man responds, "Kind of."
A successful magician walks into a bar Another magician asks him,"Whats the best rick you have ever done?"  "I made my wife disappear"
A snake walks into a bar And the bartender asks "How the fuck did you do that?"
A white man walks into a gun store And asks the cashier for some bullets. He buys them and is on his way. He comes in the next day asking again for more bullets. He buys them and leaves the store. He comes in a third day and asks for me bullets yet again. The cashier gets curious and asks why he needs so many bullets. The man replies by saying he is shooting cans. The cashier than asks, "what kind of cans are you shooting?" The man replies, "Oh you know, Mexicans, Africans."
Rene Descartes walks into a bar. . . . . .and orders a beer. When he finishes is, the barkeep asks "Have another?" Descartes replies "I think not."  . . .and POOF. He vanishes.
Guy walks into a bar And orders 6 shots, and drinks them one after the other  Bartender says "what's the occasion?"  Guy says " my first blowjob"  Bartender "in that case let me buy you another"  Guy " if the first 6 don't get the taste out of my mouth, I don't think another would help"
A blind man walks into a bar And then a chair, and then a table.
A man walks into a bar and sees a man with a big orange head... ... and says to the bartender “Hey man, do you know what’s with that guy over there?” The bartender replies “Who, the one with the big orange head? Buy him a drink and he’ll tell you.”  The man, lets call him Harry, walks up to the man with the big orange head and says “Hey, do you want me to buy you a drink” and big orange head man replies with “You wanna hear the story don’t you?” Harry said “Sure, if that’s okay.” So the big orange man said the following:  “So I was strolling down the beach, right? As I was walking along I stubbed my toe. I looked down to see what it was and it was a really old kettle looking thing. I picked it up and as I was dusting sand off of it there was a flash of blinding white light and out popped... a genie! I was in shock! Anyway, he said in an incredibly loud voice “YOU HAVE SAVED ME FROM A 10,000 YEAR IMPRISONMENT! YOU HAVE 3 WISHES!” So I said “yeah sure. My first wish is to be stupidly rich.” And all of a sudden there were grills on my teeth, rings on my fingers and I had AirPods in my ears! It was fabulous! So I said “Wow! My second wish is to be married to the most beautiful and lovely woman in the world!” And suddenly I got a tap on the shoulder. I turned around to see who it was, and it was the most beautiful, kind looking woman looking at me lovingly. It was great! And so, and you might agree that this is where I went wrong... my third wish was “I want a big orange head.”  Harry then left the bar, wondering why this had happened to him.
A liar, drug trafficker, child molester, child trafficker walks into a bar... Bartender: What can I get you Mrs.Clinton?
A farmer walks into a hardware store and asks for a chainsaw that can cut down 6 trees in one hour. The salesman recommends the top of the line model. The farmer is suitably impressed, and buys it. The next day he brings it back, complaining that it would only cut down 1 tree and it took ALL DAY!  The salesman takes the chain saw, starts it up to see what’s wrong, and the farmer says: “What’s that noise?”
Walks into bookstore... Me: do you have any books on turtles?  Worker: hard back? Me: yes, with little heads
A gentile man walks into a store... A gentile man walked into a clothing store, and saw a shirt he liked.  He asked, "how much is it?"   The clerk replied, $400.  The man said, I'll buy it.
A gymnast walks into a bar.    She gets a two-point deduction and ruins her chances of a medal.
A monocle walks into a bar... After a few drinks he starts to feel pretty good (and a little uncoordinated). He reaches for a cigarette, but the bartender stops him. "Sorry, buddy, but due to city ordinances we don't allow smoking in here. You'll have to step outside to smoke."  So the monocle hops off the bar stool and grabs his cigarettes to head outside. Meanwhile a second monocle emerges from the bathroom. They bump into each other as they cross paths and fall to the floor, hopelessly entangled. They try to get free but the more they struggle, the more tangled they become.  The bartender looks down on this travesty and shakes his head. "Hey you two!" he shouts. "Stop making spectacles of yourselves!"
A man walks into a bar Ouch.
A horse walks into a bar. A Horse walks into a bar.  The Bartender sees such a vivid depth of despair and ennui in the Horse's eyes, like the Horse has stared into the abyss and found the infinite void of nothingness so deep that the Horse could no longer believe that he himself nor anyone nor anything else existed.  To say something exists requires knowledge of self, which requires knowledge of existence of the self, an obviously impossible leap of logic, absurd to even attempt to conceive or contemplate.  The Bartender, in that single instant within the Horse's mind, became the nothingness the Horse perceived, and thus was rendered speechless. If neither the Horse, nor the Bartender, nor the bar itself can be said to exist, then why should he ask, how could he ask, "why the long face?"  The question can have no meaning, and that which has no meaning cannot be stated. The Bartender, dumbstruck, not by realization of mortality but by fundamental doubt that he was ever alive, gazes into the endless depth of the Horse's eyes, and asks him, "Sir, I beg you say, do I exist?"  The Horse replies,  "Neighhhh..."
A Guy In Nothing But His Underwear Walks Into A Bar, The bartender looks at him and says  "That's the craziest thing I've seen all day".  The man in his underwear replies  "No it's not- -turn on the tv Donald Trump is president"
A SEO expert walks into a bar Bar, bars, pub, lounge, restaurant, beer garden, nightclub, mini bar, bar stool, tavern, beer, wine, whisky
A blind man walks into a bar... And a table... then a chair... 
Clown walks into a bar... Clown walks into a bar and says, "Bartender, give me a treehouse." Bartender says, "A treehouse, what's in a treehouse?"  Clown says, "Playboys and cigars, of course!"
A limbo champion walks into a bar And loses his title.
Three men walk into a coffee shop... Three men walk into a coffee shop.  Each orders a cup of coffee and proceeds to add an odd number of lumps of sugar - 12 lumps altogether.  How many lumps of sugar went into each cup of coffee?  .  .  .  The first man had one lump of sugar.  One is an odd number.  The second man also had one lump of sugar.  That is still an odd number.  The third man asked for ten lumps of sugar.  Ten is a very odd number of lumps of sugar for a single cup of coffee!
A Irishman walks into a bar and orders three beers The bartender brings him the three beers, and the man proceeds to alternately sip one, then the other, then the third, until they're gone.  The next week He then orders three more and the bartender says, "Sir, I know you like them cold, so you can start with one, and I'll bring you a fresh one as soon as you're low."  The man says, "You don't understand. I have two brothers, one in Australia and one in the America. We made a vow to each other that every Saturday night, we'd still drink together. So right now, my brothers have three beers, too, and we're drinking together."  The bartender thinks it's a wonderful tradition, and every week he sets up the guy's three beers. Then one week, the man comes in and orders only two. He drinks them and then orders two more. The bartender says sadly, "Knowing your tradition, I'd just like to just say that I'm sorry you've lost a brother."  The man replies, "Oh, my brothers are fine -- I just quit drinking."
Four blonds walk into a bar... ...cheering "85 Days! 85 Days!"  A gentleman inquires "Excuse me, but what's '85 days?'"  The blonds reply "We completed a puzzle in 85 days and the box says 2-4 years!"
A pair of jumper cables walk into a bar The bartender says "I'll serve you, but you better not start anything"
A marketing executive walks into a bar I guess it was set too low.
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says "What do you want?" The horse unable to understand English shits itself and runs out.
A limbo dancer walks into a bar. She's bad at her job. 
A hypochondriac walks into a bar Nah, just kidding. Why would he go in there? There might be mosquitoes which'll sting him and infect him with malaria!
A guy walks into a bar.... And the bar is completely empty. He thinks about leaving and decides to have a drink. He approaches the bar.  “Pint please bar tender”  He takes his drink and sits down.  5 minuets later he gets a tap on the shoulder.  “Here pal, that’s my seat”  He looks around. He’s the only other person here apart from the tapper.  “Look pal, there’s no one here plenty of seats, so fuck off”  The other guy responded. “I’ve been coming here for ten years, and empty or otherwise, that’s my seat”  “Oh yeah?” Says the man “well I’ve been here ten minutes, and as I said, there’s plenty of other seats, so I’m not moving”.  “So you’re not moving” says the tapper   “No” says the man  “Well then” says the tapper “ I hope you know how to play the fucking piano”
A man walks into a library and orders two cheese burgers... The librarian says, "Uh, sir, this is a library."  The man whispers  ^(oh sorry, may I have two cheese burgers please?)
A beekeeper walks into a bar, wearing the full suit and hood. He says to the barkeep, “I’ll have a beer, and so will my honey, I’ve had a long day.”  The barkeep, confused, says, “We don’t serve inanimate objects.”  The beekeeper replies, “What the hell are you talking about, it’s for my wife, she's parking the car."  
A raccoon walks into a bar ”One beer, please” the raccoon orders. The bartender is an old stuttering gentleman:  “O-o-ne b-b-eer co-co-ming up pa-pa-nda...”   The raccoon is very annoyed: “Let me just correct that for you right away, I’m actually a raccoon, I am not a panda”  “Y-y-es. O-o-ne be-e-er co-co-ming up p-p-anda...”  The raccoon is now furious:  “Listen you geezer, I’m not a fucking panda OK? I’m a raccoon.”  The bartender rolls his eyes and replies:  “O-o-h sh-sh-ut up ra-ra-ccoon, le-let m-me fi-fi-nish m-my se-sentence. I-I wa-wa-as t-t-trying to s-s-say “O-o-ne b-b-beer co-coming u-up a-and a b-b-bowl of nu-nuts i-included i-in th-the pr-price.”  
A 13 year old weasel walks into a bar... A 13 year old weasel walks into a bar and approaches the counter. The bartender immediately notices the underage weasel.  "Sir, you look extremely young. I can't serve you even a single beer."  "Oh c'mon. You can't just slide me one?"  "Can't and will not serve to anyone under age."  "Fine. Well what other things do you have?"  "Well for non-alcoholics I have tap water and bottled water, I have coffee, and I have pop. Which would you like?"  "Pop." Goes the weasel.
A tuna walks into a sushi bar and tells the chef "You killed my father!" Chef says "That's my business, fish." The tuna thinks this for a moment and says "Very well. Then I challenge you to a game of chess. If I win, you stop being a chef forever." "And if I win?" asks the chef. "Then you can feed me to your customers," says the tuna. So they start to play. Now, tunas love to play chess so in a few moves the tuna has the chef checkmated. "Looks like I win," says the tuna. The chef nods and plunges his knife into the tuna's belly. "But I won!" says the tuna. "So did you father," says the chef.  Note: When will we see another game like Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines?
A pirate walks into a bar with a ship's steering wheel attached to his crotch. The bartender, obviously curious, says:  "Are you aware there's a steering wheel attached to your crotch?"  The pirate replies:  "AARRGGHH, It drives me nuts!"
An old lady walks into a bank with a million dollars. Old lady: "I'd like to make a deposit of a million dollars"  Bank assistant:, "That's a lot of money. How did you get them?"  Old lady: "I think I should speak to the managing bank director since it's such a large cash deposit."  Bank assistant: "Well considering that it is a million dollars you are probably right."  The bank assistant calls for the director, and after explaining the situation the bank director arrives.  Bank director: "So my assistant tells me you want to deposit one million dollars. May I ask how you came in possession of one million dollars?"  Old lady: "Naturally. I earned them by betting. I actually make a living from betting!"  Bank director: "I find that hard to believe. Want kind of betting do you do?"  Old lady: "All sorts of betting. As an example I'll bet you 25,000$ that your balls are squared."  Bank director: "Umm... I don't... Umm.. Well. Under normal circumstances I don't bet but this seems so absurd that I'll agree."  So the bank director and the old lady shake hand and the director asks how and when this bet should be settled.  Old lady: "Well considering that this is a bet of 25,000$ I'd like my lawyer to be present and when I do the inspection. So how about we meet with my lawyer tomorrow morning?"  The bank director agrees to this, happy to have earned 25,000$ this easy.  Next morning he walks into the office of the locally well respected lawyer and greets the old lady. Not wanting to waste his time, he unbuttons his pants, pulls down his underwear and as the old lady lifts his balls up for inspection he notices the lawyer banging his head against the wall repeatedly.  Quite startled the bank director looks at the old lady and asks  Bank director: "What is going on with your lawyer?!"  Old lady(grinning) : "Oh well. Yesterday I bet him a million dollars that within 24 hours I would be holding the balls of the managing bank director in my very hand..." 
René Descartes walks into a bar... The bartender asks "Want something to drink?". Decartes replies "I think not", and disappears.
A man walks into a bar and goes up to the bar and asks the barman "Tell me, what is a quart? Is it 4 pints or 2?"    The barman says "It's 2 pints."    The man says "Are you sure? I thought *quart* had something to do with the number 4"    The barman explains "It's a **quart**er of a gallon, there are 8 pints in a gallon so a quart is 2 pints.”    The man says "Thanks so much" and leaves.    Later that day, he's back with a friend and now there is a barmaid serving. He tells the barmaid "Hey, the barman said he’d let us have our first drinks for free”    The barmaid is a bit dubious, so the man calls out to the barman from before, “Hey, its me again, just double checking, it was couple of pints, wasn't it?”    The barman shouts back “Yeah, that’s right, two pints.”
A blind man walks into a bar and a table, and some chairs, and stumbles out. 
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink. When the neutron gets his drink, he asks, "Bartender, how much do I owe you? The bartender replies, "For you, neutron, no charge."
A guy walks into a bike store with his overweight wife He tells the clerk, “I’d like a bicycle built for two, and one for me. “
A man walks into a bar and tries to hit up a woman. "Hey there!" he says. It was his first time flirting, so he was awkard. "So, um, what's your race?" He asks. Confused, she replies, "Russian." The man sighed. "Oh. I guessed that Eurasian."
A weasel walks into a bar The bartender asks "What can I get you".  "Pop" goes the weasel.
A redditor walks into a bar It was a gold bar, CORAL
A man walks into a bar. . . A man walks into a bar carrying a chunk of asphalt. To the bartender, he says, "I'll have two beers, one for me and one for the road."
A weather girl walks into a chemist And buys an umbrella, a pair of sunglasses and a box of tampons.  She was expecting rain with sunny periods that day
A blind man walks into a bar into a chair, into a table, into a door... 
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel sticking out of his crotch The bartender asks, "hey, what's with the wheel?" The pirate replies "arr! It's driving me nuts!!"
A man walks into his cell to meet his new cellmate.... .. who is 6'4 and 240 pounds, a man they call 'Bubba'.    Bubba tells him "In this cell we are going to play House. Now, do you want to play the husband or the wife?".       The new fish looks up at Bubba's wide frame and large build. He takes a gulp, thinks for a moment and anxiously replies "I'll be the husband", thinking it to be the lesser of two evils.    Bubba's eyes light up and a smile comes across his face as he says:    "Good, now come here and suck ya wife's cock!!"
What does the waitress say when you walk into a vegan restaurant? That's a big missed steak.
Broke guy walks into a brothel... Man: "All I have is $20 bucks, what can I get for that?"  Madame: "Fine. Go to door number 5 over there."  &amp;#x200B;  He goes to door number 5, and all he sees in there is a chicken.   Being horny, and with no one around and having nothing to lose he quickly drops his pants and starts having sex with the chicken with lots of squaking and feathers flying everywhere.  &amp;#x200B;  The following week he returns with only $10 and asks what he gets for that.  The Madame says no problem: "Go to door number 4."  &amp;#x200B;  There he sees a group of people behind a two way mirror watching and laughing hysterically as a man fucks a goat on the other side of the mirror.  Amused, he starts hollering and hooting along with them.  &amp;#x200B;  Then one of the other guys turns to him and said: "This is nothing.  You should have been here last week there was a guy fucking a chicken."
A dyslexic Mexican walks into a bra.... He approaches a good looking young lady and says "Get your taco, you've pulled"
A racist and a sexual predator walk into a Virginia bar The whole bar screams “Welcome Governors”!
a liar a rapist and a thief walk into bar... jk it was prison cafeteria :)
C, Eb, and G walk into a bar. The bartender says "No minors allowed"
A doctor, a nurse, and a mom walk into a bar The doctor sat down and ordered a shot of whiskey.  The nurse sat down and ordered a shot of tequila.  The mom sat down and said “I’m sorry I don’t do shots.” Then falls over dead from polio.
A nihilist, a socialist, and a neo-marxist walk into a bar and order drinks. “We don't sell alcohol to anyone under 18”, says the bartender.
A man walks into a bar, completely disheveled. Man- keep the whiskey coming.  Bartender- rough day?  Man- rough week.  B- what's on your mind?  M- who cares? Everyone always takes my bitch wife's side anyways.  B- try me.  M- well, my sex life has been completely *fucked* ever since her miscarriage.  B-  ...
A man walks into a bar with a crocodile The man behind the bar says to him "what the fuck are you doing with that crocodile?"  The man looks at him and says "he can do tricks!"  The man behind the bar responds "Tricks?! You barmy bastard, get out, get out!"   The man says "I'll show you!" and pulls his cock out and puts it in the crocodiles mouth. Then from his back pocket, be pulls a plank of wood and BANG! he hits the crocodile over the head.  The startled crocodile closes its mouth and begins to suck.  Amazed, the barman agrees to let the man stay.  "Would anyone else like to try it for 50 quid?" The man asks.  "I'll do it," An old lady chimed " but don't hit me as hard as you did the fucking crocodile!"
An Irishman walks into a bar... An Irishman walks into a bar in New York City and orders three pints of beer.  He drinks each one in turn, and walks out.  The next night he returns, and again orders three pints of beer, and then again the next night.  The bartender offers to serve them consecutively so they won’t go flat, but the Irishman explains, “I’d rather see them all lined up before me. I left two brothers behind in Ireland, and since we used to meet at the pub every night and have a pint together, I feel closer to them when I come drink my pint and their two.”   This goes on for a year, and then one night, the Irishman fails to come in.  The regulars are concerned, and then saddened when he returns a few nights later and orders only two pints of beer.  When the bartender serves him, he says, “I see you didn’t order a beer for one of your brothers. My condolences on your loss.”  “My brothers are still alive,” the Irishman says.  “I didn’t order my own beer; my wife made me promise to give up drinking.”
A sadist, a necrophiliac, a pyromaniac and a masochist walk into a bar. A sadist, a necrophiliac, a pyromaniac and a masochist walk into a bar. There they see the bartender's cat walking around.  The sadist says, "Let's torture the cat and kill it".  The necrophiliac replies, "When you're done with it, let's all have sex with the cat".  The pyromaniac goes, "Let's also burn it after we have had our fun with it".  The masochist who has been listening to their conversation all this time says, "Meow".
A three legged dog walks into a bar... And say, "I wanna know the man who shot my paw?!"
Dracula walks into a bar and orders a cup of hot water. The bartender (confused): What's the Hotwater for?  Dracula *pulls out a tampon*: I'm having tea.
After a night on the town, a drunk walks into a bar, orders a shot and and immediately pukes all over his own shirt.  "Wha' my gonna do now? My wife'z gonna kill me."  "Relax," the bartender says, "give me a five-dollar bill." The bartender folds up the bill and puts it in the guy's shirt pocket. "Tell your wife some drunk puked on you and gave you five bucks to have your shirt cleaned."  "Thas's a great idea!"  When the drunk gets home his wife answers the door. "Where have you been? What happened to your shirt?"  He tries to put on a sober voice and says, "Relaaax honey, some drunk guy puked on me and gave me five bucks to have my shirt cleaned."  The drunk's wife reaches in his pocket, grabs the money, and says, "There's $10 in here!"  "Oh yeah, he shit my pants, too."
A Toad Walks Into A Bar..... Three women shout with excitement, run over to him, shower him with kisses and leave. "What was that all about?" a man asked the bartender. The bartender replied, "He's a little Horny."
A midget walks into a gynecologist’s office complaining that her vagina hurt every time it rained. The doctor examined her and, finding nothing wrong, asked her to come back during the next thunderstorm.    A few weeks later, during a particularly heavy rain fall, the woman comes back and again complains that her vagina hurt. The doctor asks the woman to get on the examination table and he starts his exam. After a few minutes he gets up, speaks to his nurse, finishes the exam, and tells the woman to come back if the pain persists.   After a few rainstorms, the woman realizes that her vagina no longer hurts. She calls the doctor, thanks him, and asks how did he cure her.  The doctor replied, Oh there was nothing wrong with you, I just told the nurse to cut two inches off the top of your rain boots. 
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his pants The bartender says “Hey, you know you’ve got a steering wheel on your pants”  The pirate responds “Arr, it’s driving me nuts”
Wolverine and a lawyer walk into a bar. The bartender says, "No claws, please!"  They both leave.
A guy walks into a bar with a gun A guy enters a bar with a gun and sais "Who's the one that had sex with my wife?!"  A voice was heard in the backround, "You don't have enough bullets on you mate!". 
what happens when a nunga bucha walks into a bar? he walk in and screams victor and victor screams aaryan.
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... (part 2) The first orders a beer... The second orders two beers... The third orders three beers... The fourth orders four beers...  The last mathematician places his order and says, "That'll be 25p."
A drunken man walks into a biker bar He sits down at the bar and orders a drink, looking around, he sees 3 men sitting at a corner table, he gets up, staggers to the table, leans over, looks at the biggest,meanest one in the face and says " i went by your grandma's house today, saw her in the hallway butt naked, man, she is a fine looking woman" The biker looks at him and doesn't say a word, his buddies are confused, because he is one bad biker and would fight at the drop of a hat, the drunk leans over to the table again and says "i got it on with your grandma, she is good, the best i ever had" The biker's buddies are starting to get really mad, but the biker still says nothing The drunk leans over to the table one more time and says " i'll tell you something else, boy, your grandma liked it"  at this point the biker stands up takes the drunk by the shoulders and says " grandpa, go home, your drunk"  Thanks for your time
A rabbi walks into a Chinese bar ...and orders a beer. He chugs it, leans over the counter, and punches the bartender on the nose, saying "That was for Pearl Harbor!"  The bartender is furious. "Pearl Harbor? That was the Japanese, you idiot! I'm Chinese!"  The rabbi shrugs. "Ach, Chinese, Japanese, what's the difference? Come on, I'll buy you a drink to make up for it."  The bartender nods assent and produces two more beers. He downs his in one gulp, then leans over and punches the rabbi in the face, saying "That was for the Titanic!"  The rabbi is apoplectic. "The *Titanic?!?* That was sunk by an *iceberg!*"  The bartender shrugs. "Eh, iceberg, Goldberg, what's the difference?"
A Roman guy walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says "five beers please"
A Giraffe walks into a bar.... And says "Hi guys, the Hi-balls are on me" ....Bartender says "You sure you don't want a long neck?"
A Rabbi, a priest and a minister walk into a bar The bartender asks - is this some kind of joke?
A chicken walks into a bar He said "I think I am in the wrong joke..."  Meanwhile, a scientist crosses the road.
A man walks into an Arabic book store He asks, "Hello Sir, do you happen to have a copy of that book which explains Donald Trump's policy guide towards Muslims?"  The employee raises his voice, exclaiming, "Get the fuck out of here! And stay out!"  The man replies, "Yes, I think that's the name".
A man walks into his town's hall and immediately runs out because of a horrible stench. He goes to the municipality to ask what the hell happened.  He meets the director of the hall who explains "It was our 34th anniversary and we were seriously lacking any ideas for the celebrations. One member suggested bringing in a hypnotist. So we agreed, a famous hypnotist was hired to perform and everything was swell. Soon, the event started and the seats were full. The hypnotist chap took out a dangling watch and started his performance. He asked the crowd the focus on his swinging and everyone was looking at it. But he dropped his watch"  The man, confused, asks "So how did that lead to this nasty odour"   "The little rascal blurted out 'shit'"
A man walks into a bar. Approaching the bartender, he orders a drink. Above the bar, handing from the ceiling, are two huge slabs of meat.  Puzzled by this, the man queries the bartender.  The bartender explains this is the bars "meat challenge".  If you can jump off the bar, blindfolded, with one hand behind your back, and grab both pieces of meat, bringing them down with you and finishing without injury, then the bartender will purchase a drink for everyone in the bar.  The tender also explains though, that if the challenge is failed, then the man himself must buy everyone in the bar a drink.  The bartender asks the man if he wishes to take up the challenge.  The man thinks for a second, then replies; "I don't think I'll bother, the steaks are too high".
A man walks into a bar. Fucking idiot. 
Two men walk into a bar The third one ducked
A man walks into a pet shop He'd like to buy a pet for his lonely, widowed mother. The shop owner shows him all of the usual stuff, hamsters, puppies, kittens, etc. and the man tells the owner that he's looking for something unique.  The owner takes him to the back of the shop and introduces him to raggedy looking parrot named Chet.  The man, rightfully so, is unimpressed with the parrot until the shop owner tells him that the bird sings Christmas carols. The owner explains that all the man has to do is hold a flame under the bird's right wing and he'll sing "Silent Night" or under the left wing and he'll sing "O' Holy Night". The owner proceeds with a demonstration and the man, very impressed, takes the bird home.  When the man gets home he has to show his family what he has brought home so he gathers them all around the bird. He holds a candle under the bird's right wing and the bird sings a beautiful rendition of "Silent Night". Then the man holds the candle under the bird's left wing and the bird sings "O' Holy Night". The man's son asks his father what happens if you hold the candle under the bird's tail, and not knowing what might happen the man moves the candle under the bird's tail. The bird gets a concerned look on his face and starts singing "Chet's nuts roasting on an open fire..."
Mevult Mert Altintas walks into a bar    The bartender asks him  "What can I get you?"  Mevult says "A shot" The bartender says "What kind?" "You can have a whiskey shot." Mevult says "Nah" Bartender says "A martini shot?" Mevult says "No" Bartender says "A booze shot?" Mevult says "I'll pass" The bartender quite annoyed now says "Well what kind of shot do you want?!" And Mevult says "How about a Russian Ambassador shot"
Horse walks into a bar... Bartender says "Hey buddy, why the long face?"
A scientist and an engineer walk into a bar... The scientist says "I'll have some H2O."  The engineer says "I'll have H2O, too."  The engineer dies.
A man walks into a bar.... He says ow, turns around and walks away.
Herble Cronkite walks into a bar.. Herble Cronkite walks into a bar.   The owner observes this and says "Hey watch it! That bar was expensive!"  Herble replies "I'm so sorry, my uncle just died."
A man walks into a bar It was a metal one. He hit his head and got a concussion
An Englishman, a Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a bar... the Welshman's not there because he's still at the Euros.
A man walks into a gun store and asks "what is the best gun for bears?" The guy behind the counter shows him a selection of guns, then the man adds : "which ones of these are good for twinks too?".
Three vampires walk into a bar The first one says, "I'll have a pint of blood."  The second one says, "I'll have one, too."  The third one says, "I'll have a pint of plasma."  The bartender says, "So, that'll be two Bloods and a Blood Lite?"
This girl with a yeast infection walks into a bar She sits down to order a drink and the bartender walks over and says " what's with the sour puss? "
A man walks into a bar. He says, ouch! I need to be more careful where I am walking.
A Pirate walks into a bar with a paper towl on his head.... Bartender goes "Hey buddy whats with the paper towl on your head?"  The Pirate replies "Arrr I got a bounty on me head."
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender says, "Hey."  The horse says, "Sure."
A handsome and well dressed old man walks into a bar... ... approaches a good looking elderly lady, and says:  "Do I come here often?"
A dyslexic man walks into a bar He said sorry to Abar for accidentally bumping into him on the sidewak
a group of penises walk into a bar bartender says, come here often phallus?
A piece of string walks into a bar... And asks for a Beer.  The barman says: "I'm sorry we don't serve pieces of string".  So the piece of string walks outside, ruffles himself up, walks back into the bar and says: "Can I have a Beer please".  The barman replies: "Aren't you that piece of string I just asked to leave".  To which the piece of string replies: "Fuck you, pal!"
Guy walks into a bar with a unholsteret gun Entering he waves it in the air shouting "This is a 8 round loaded 1911, now tell me who slept with my wife!"  Shortly after you hear a yelling from the background.  "YOU NEED MORE AMMO!"
A man walks into a bar and notices a sign [NSFW] It reads   -Beer $2 -Cheese Sandwich $1 -Hand Jobs 50¢  The man, sits down and has a few drinks.   Now quite drunk, he looks over at the aging bartender and slurs.  "Are you the woman who gives the Hand Jobs?"  "Yes I am sweetie." She replies with a wink.  "Well wash your fuckin' hands bitch, I want a Cheese Sandwich."
Two scientists walk into a bar... The first one says, "I'd like some H2O."  The second says, "And I'll have some H2... wait. Why aren't you just referring to water by its normal name? I mean, I know it's our job, but we're just getting a drink."  The first scientist slams the table angrily, for his assassination scheme had been foiled.
Two men walk into a bar... Two men walk into a bar. Their names are Manners and Fuh... Fuh Cew. So they go into the restroom and Manners gets his leg stuck in a toilet. Fuh calls the cops and explains the situation. The cop says    Cop: "Ok, what is your name?"    Fuh: "Fuh Cew."    Cop: "Excuse me?"   Fuh: "I said Fuh Cew officer."    The officer is in disbelief and angrily replies   "Where are your manners?"   Fuh: "In a pile of shit!"
(Best spoken) A bear walks into a bar A bear walked into a bar.    The bartender asked "What would you like?"   Bear says. "I'd like a beer... .... ...... and some peanuts"   Bartender asks "Why the big paws?"
Two deer want to walk into a bar.... They can't fit through the door because their antlers are too big XD
A man walks into a bar and orders twelve shots of whiskey. "Ok, says the bar tender, but that's quite a few shots. Can I ask why?"  "Well, it's because of my first blow job", replies the man.  "In that case, let's add one more on the house." says the bar tender.  "Thanks, but no thanks, if twelve can't get the taste out of my mouth, a thirteenth ain't going to help."
A guy walks into a bar. Now he's got a bruise.
An alt-righter and a fascist walk into a bar. The bartender says "What'll you have president Trump?"
A priest, a paedophile, and a rapist walk into a bar. And that's just the first guy.
Two men walk into a bar You would think the second man would duck
A ghost walks into a bar... The ghost orders a shot of whiskey. The bartender says "I'm sorry. We don't serve spirits here."
A Goliath walks into a bar. The dwarf says "Oi, Mate- Ya got'a watch oot!"
Bob and Andy walk into a bar in Georgia It looks like it hasn't changed in fifty years right down to the spitoon about half full in the corner. After a couple of hours and lots of bourbons Bob bets Andy a hundred bucks that he won't drink the contents of the spitoon. Never one to knock back a challenge Andy immediately grabs it, lifts it to his lips and starts to glug. Just watching it makes Bob start gagging and he yells ' no no Andy stop, I'll pay you the goddamn hundred' but Andy just keeps chugging away until it's completely empty. 'Why the hell didn't you stop? I told you I'd give you the money' 'Couldn't' answered Andy, 'it was all in one lump'
A man walks into a bar He was startled, but unharmed.
A dung beetle walks into a bar and says to a beautiful woman...  "Excuse me, is this stool taken?"
A Roman Citizen Walks Into a Bar He tells the bartender that he wants to get some beers for himself and friends that are on their way.  The bartender asks, "How many beers would you like?"  The person holds up two fingers.  The bartender says "I understand" and gives him five beers.
A new student walks into the class... The student exclaims, “Hello, My name is Micheal, with a “B” and I have a fear of insects.  The teacher asks, “Where’s the ‘B?’”  The student replies, “Oh god I’m allergic to them.”
Kermit the Frog walks into a bank... Kermit the Frog walks into a bank and goes up to a teller. He reads her name tag and says "Hello Patricia Whack, I was hoping to take out a loan. I'm Kermit Jagger and my father is Mick Jagger". Now, Patricia is taken aback not only by this talking frog but his father. However, if he has some form of collateral, he's eligible for a loan so she asks "Well Mr Jagger, what can you put down as collateral for your loan?" In response, Kermit pulls out a small white ceramic elephant and hands it to her. Patricia can't figure out what it is or what it's value is, so she goes out the back to her manager. She takes the small ceramic elephant and says "Sir, I've got a frog called Kermit Jagger out there who claims his father is Mick Jagger. He's looking for a loan and gave me this as collateral" and hands the manager the small ceramic elephant. To which he replies,  "It's a knick knack Patty Whack, give the frog a loan, his old man's a Rolling Stone"
A horse walks into a bar. Many people get up and leave seeing the potential danger in this situation.
A man walks into a bar, with a huge alligator on a leash... A man walks into a bar, with a huge alligator on a leash. He walks over to the bar, and orders a beer. The bartender says "Sorry sir. You can't bring that alligator in here! It's a dangerous animal, and you're scaring all of the patrons! True enough, the man looked around, and noticed that everyone was standing on the tables, looking very nervous. "But wait!" he cried, "this alligator is tame! It wouldn't hurt anyone!". However, the bartender is adamant. "If", the man continues, "I can prove that this alligator is not vicious, can he stay?". "Well, I guess so", says the bartender, "however, you're going to have a devil of a time proving to everyone in here that that alligator is tame!" The man smiles, and leans over the alligator. "Ralph!", he shouts, "Sit up!" With that, he beats the alligator on the head with his fist "BANG BANG BANG". And the alligator rears up on its tail. "Ralph, open your mouth! BANG BANG BANG". And the alligator opened it's huge mouth wide, revealing row upon row of gleaming white teeth. The man pulls out his wang, and lays it in the alligators mouth, as the entire bar crowd gasps. "Ralph! Close your mouth, but DON'T BITE! BANG BANG BANG". As the man pummels the alligator on the head, the giant mouth slowley closes, and stops juuuussttt short of biting the guys dick off. The crowd sighs, and the man says "Ralph, open your mouth! BANG BANG BANG!" and the alligators mouth opens wide again. "There," says the man to the crowd, " now would anyone else like to try this?" A blonde in the back says "Yeah, I'll try, but only if your promise not to hit me on the head so hard".
A lesbian walks into a bar She takes a seat, and the bartender asks, "Would you like to try our new liquor?"  "Sure!" she says, "I'd love to meet her."
A guy walks into a bar and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.  So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”  And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”  So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.  So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”  And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?” 
A man walks into a bar. The barman asks "Why the long face?"  The man replies "I just found out my wife is sleeping with another man. So I have decided I'm going to drink myself to death."  The barman looks shocked and says "I'm sorry I can't help you commit suicide at all let alone in my pub!"  The man asks "Well what would you do in my situation?"  The barman leans in and says "If I found out a guy was sleeping with my wife I wouldn't sit around feeling sorry for myself, I'd kill the guy."  The man jumps up from his stool and shouts "That's a great idea! Thanks!" and runs out of the pub.  A couple hours goes by and the barman is starting to get nervous when the man walks back into the pub with a smile on his face.  "Did you kill the guy?" The barman asks nervously.  "Nope! I slept with your wife. Whiskey please.”
A man walks into a bar The bartender yells "hey, how did you get in here we're closed"
A neutron walks into a bar and asks: "How much for a drink?" The bartender says "For you, no charge."
Mr Singh walks into a bar in London    _*he , orders 3 glasses of beer and sits in the back of the room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn.*_  _*When he finishes, he comes back to the bar counter and orders 3 more. The bartender asks him, "You know, beer goes flat after I fill it in the glass; it would taste better if you buy one at a time."*_  _*Mr. Singh replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in Dubai , the other in Canada and I'm here in London . When they left home, we promised that we'll drink this way to remember the days when we drank together."*_  _*The bartender admits this is a nice custom and leaves it there.*_  _*Mr. Singh became a regular in the bar and would always drink the same way. He'd order 3 Beers and drink them in turn.*_  _*One day, he came in and ordered only 2 Beers. All the other regulars notice and fall silent.*_  _*When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bar tender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my sincere condolences on your great loss."*_  _*Mr. Singh looked confused for a moment, and then he laughs.... "Oh, no,"*_  _*He said, "Everyone's fine; both my brothers are alive. The only thing is...*_  _*I have quit drinking"!!!*_
So A fishman walks into a bar with a beautiful mermaid on his back.  People start asking 'How the hell did you catch that mermaid.'  'With my master bait'
A man walks into an Australian bar. . . He says to the bartender, "Give me a pint of Bud Light."  The bartender says, "You must be an American."  The man says, "Well yes I am. What gave it away? Was it my accent? Was it the beer I ordered?"  The bartender replies, "Nah, mate. You're the fattest cunt I ever seen"
A clown, a politian and a sex offender walks into a bar. He orders a drink.
Two bacteria walk into a bar... The bartender says, "We don't serve bacteria here."   And the bacteria says, "But we work here. We're staph." 
Two men walk into a bar... Two men walk into a bar. The first man orders a scotch and soda. The second man remembers something he'd forgotten, and it doubles him over with pain. He falls to the floor shaking and then through the floor into the earth. He looks back up at the first man, but he doesn't call out to him. They're not that close. 
A German man walks into a bar... and orders a Martini.  The barman asks:   "Dry?"  The German replies:  "No, just one, thank you."
A Bear Walks Into… A bear walks into a bar and says, “I’d like a beer ……………. and some of those peanuts.”  The bartender says, “Sure, but why the big paws?”
A neutron walks into a bar... A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink. When the neutron gets his drink, he asks, "Bartender, how much do I owe you?" The bartender replies, "For you, neutron, no charge."   k ill leave bye lol
Hitler walks into a bar... Bartender says: Hey aren't you Adolf Hitler??  Hitler says: Yup!!  Bartender says: aren't you the guy who killed 6 million Jews??  Hitler says: Well... 6 million Jews, and a clown��  Bartender says: what the fuck did you kill a clown for??!!��  Hitler stands up, slams his drink on the bar and yells "See, I told you no one gave a fuck about the Jews!!!" ������
An Infinite Number Of Mathematicians walk into a bar... The first orders a beer, the second orders half a beer, the third orders a quarter of a beer, and so on…  After the seventh order, the bartender pours two beers and says, “You fellas ought to know your limits."
A Priest, a Horse, Little Johnny, and the Easter Bunny Walk Into a Bar The poor bartender doesn't know what to say.
A con man, a child molester, and a white supremacist walk into a bar. The bartender turns around and says, "Oh, good afternoon Mr. Trump."
A sailor walks into a bar and strikes up a conversation with another man... The guy asks him: “So how many of the 7 seas have you sailed?”  The pirate responds “7!! There aren’t 7 seas lad, there are 26 and I’ve sailed 25”  “Oh really which seas have you sailed?”  “Well I’ve sailed the A Sea, the B Sea, the C Sea, the D Sea, the E Sea, the F Sea, the G Sea, the H Sea, the I Sea, the J Sea, the K Sea, the L Sea, the M Sea, the N Sea, the P Sea, the Q Sea, the R Sea, the S Sea, the T Sea, the U Sea, the V Sea, the W Sea, the X Sea, the Y Sea and the Z Sea!!”  The man replies “well what about the O sea?”  The sailor says “Oh no, I’m from r/jokes , we never go anywhere near the O Sea!!”
A basketball champion in Paralympic walks into a bar Wait a minute...
A straight man walks into a gay bar A straight man walks into a gay bar  He says to the bartender  Big chungus 
A termite walks into a bar and asks, "Is the bar tender here?"
A skeleton walks into a bar... He asks for a beer...and a mop
A skinny little white guy walks into an elevator, looks up and sees this HUGE black guy standing next to him. The big guy sees the little guy staring at him, looks down and says "7 feet tall, 350 pounds, 15 inch penis, 3 pound left testicle, 3 pound right testicle, Turner Brown."  The little guy faints and falls to the floor.  The big guy kneels down and brings him to, shaking him. The big guy says, "What's wrong with you?"  In a weak voice the little guy says, "What EXACTLY did you say to me? "  The big dude says, "I saw your curious look and figured I'd just give you the answers to the questions everyone always asks me.  I'm 7 feet tall, I weigh 350 pounds, I have a 15 inch penis, my left testicle weighs 3 pounds, my right testicle weighs 3 pounds, and my name is Turner Brown."  The small guy says, "oh thank God, I thought you said turn around."
A blind man walks into a bar... And a table...  And then a chair... 
An Irish man with a heavy accent walks into a bar and asked the bartender, " can i sit here?" Bartender: no you can't, the bathroom is to the left.
A guy and his dog walk into a bar. The guy asks the bartender: „My dog can speak. Can I get a free beer if he speaks with you?“  &amp;#x200B;  “Sure“, the bartender said, not believing the guy.  „Okay, dog“, says the guy.“ What’s on top of a house?“  “Roof!“, the dog answers.  &amp;#x200B;  “That’s not speaking, that’s just barking“, the bartender says slightly amused.  &amp;#x200B;  “Wait, I’ll show you another thing, that’ll convince you - Dog, what does sandpaper feel like?“  “Rough!“, the dog answers while happily wagging it’s tail.  &amp;#x200B;  “Listen, guy, you’ve had your fun, but I got the joke..“, the bartender remarks.  &amp;#x200B;  “No, no, he can speak. Dog, who’s the most important composer of the 20th century?  “Orff!“, the dog exclaimed.  &amp;#x200B;  The bartender loses his temper and shouts: “Alright, you two. I’ve had enough. Leave this bar!“  &amp;#x200B;  Outside the bar the dog asks quietly: “Should I’ve answered Stravinsky?“  &amp;#x200B;  //I'm sorry if that joke is a repost, I'm pretty new around here and haven't read it on here before.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first mathematician orders a beer  The second orders half a beer  "I don't serve half-beers" the bartender replies  "Excuse me?" Asks mathematician #2  "What kind of bar serves half-beers?" The bartender remarks. "That's ridiculous."  "Oh c'mon" says mathematician #1 "do you know how hard it is to collect an infinite number of us? Just play along"  "There are very strict laws on how I can serve drinks. I couldn't serve you half a beer even if I wanted to."  "But that's not a problem" mathematician #3 chimes in "at the end of the joke you serve us a whole number of beers. You see, when you take the sum of a continuously halving function-"  "I know how limits work" interjects the bartender  "Oh, alright then. I didn't want to assume a bartender would be familiar with such advanced mathematics"  "Are you kidding me?" The bartender replies, "you learn limits in like, 9th grade! What kind of mathematician thinks limits are advanced mathematics?"  "HE'S ON TO US" mathematician #1 screeches  Simultaneously, every mathematician opens their mouth and out pours a cloud of multicolored mosquitoes. Each mathematician is bellowing insects of a different shade.  The mosquitoes form into a singular, polychromatic swarm. "FOOLS" it booms in unison, "I WILL INFECT EVERY BEING ON THIS PATHETIC PLANET WITH MALARIA"  The bartender stands fearless against the technicolor hoard. "But wait" he inturrupts, thinking fast, "if you do that, politicians will use the catastrophe as an excuse to implement free healthcare. Think of how much that will hurt the taxpayers!"  The mosquitoes fall silent for a brief moment. "My God, you're right. We didn't think about the economy! Very well, we will not attack this dimension. FOR THE TAXPAYERS!" and with that, they vanish.  A nearby barfly stumbles over to the bartender. "How did you know that that would work?"  "It's simple really" the bartender says. "I saw that the vectors formed a gradient, and therefore must be conservative."
A duck walks into a bar Walks up to the bartender and orders a shot of vodka. The bartender looks at the customer bewildered, not able to  understand how a duck is able to talk. So he pours it a shot of  vodka and watches the animal. The duck drinks its shot, pays  and walks out. The next day the same thing happens. So, the  bartender after pouring the requested drink asks the duck:  - 'What's your deal dude?'  - 'Oh you know, I work as a plumber at the construction site right around the block and I have to unwind after a long day.'   Alright, the bartender accepts the answer. This goes on for a  week or so, always at the same time and always a shot of  vodka. One of these days a friend of the bartender, who works at  the circus, comes up to the bar to have a drink and chat with his  buddy. He complains about his circus not doing very well, due to the fact that they do not have anything interesting to show the  audience, just the usual lions and clowns. The bartender tells  his friend that he has something the circus might be interested  in: A talking duck. The circus man just has to stick around for  few more hours to check it out. So the friend stays, and of  course, the duck walks in, as always, to have a shot of vodka.  So, the circus manager walks up to it, really excited, and starts  talking the duck up, promising a life of glory and wealth, if only it  would join his circus. The duck sits there in silence, listening to  his pitch. Then after a minute of silence it asks:  - 'This circus of yours, its just a big tent, right?'  - 'Well, yeah' - The circus man answered.  - 'And the ground, its just dirt and grass, right?' - The duck  continued.  - 'Yeah, of course'  - 'Then what the fuck do you need a plumber for?'
A French fry walks into a bar \- Can I see the menu, please?  \- I'm sorry, but we don't serve food.
A man walks into a bar and orders three beers. The bartender brings him the three beers, and the man proceeds to alternately sip one, then the other, then the third, until they're gone.He then orders three more and the bartender says, "Sir, I know you like them cold, so you can start with one, and I'll bring you a fresh one as soon as you're low."The man says, "You don't understand. I have two brothers, one in Australia and one in the Ireland. We made a vow to each other that every Saturday night, we'd still drink together. So right now, my brothers have three beers, too, and we're drinking together."The bartender thinks it's a wonderful tradition, and every week he sets up the guy's three beers. Then one week, the man comes in and orders only two. He drinks them and then orders two more.The bartender says sadly, "Knowing your tradition, I'd just like to just say that I'm sorry you've lost a brother."The man replies, "Oh, my brothers are fine. I just quit drinking."  
A snake walks into a bar The bartender says "How did you do that?
A giraffe walks into a bar, orders 6 martinis ...and shame on you for wanting a punchline. This giraffe needs help.
Two guys walk into a bar The third guy ducked. 
A blind man walks into a bar. Ouch. 
Three intransitive verbs walk into a bar. They sit. They drink. They leave.
A person walks into a bar and orders 10 times as many drinks as any one else. The barman says, "Now that's an order of magnitude!" 
A cowboy walks into a bar and meets a prostitute And he says “well hey there, what can I do ya for?”
A panda walks into a bar   He orders a meal and quietly eats it. When the bartender comes with the check, the panda pulls out a shotgun, shoots the bartender, and prepares to leave the bar. The bartender, on his last breath, screams “Why?!” The panda pulls out a dictionary, points to the entry on pandas, which reads: Panda (n.) – Eats shoots and leaves. 
Two guys walk into a bar You think the second one would've ducked. 
A Lady walks into a bar.. She orders a drink and notices a frog in a cage behind the bar. She asks the bartender about it and the bartender says it performs oral sex on women.  The woman had a few more drinks and her curiosity gets the best of her so she asks the bartender to have the frog go down on her.  She gets up on the bar in the appropriate position and the bartender puts the frog there and tells it to do its thing.  The frog just sits there.  The bartender moves the frog to the side and says, “I’m only going to show you this one more time!” 
A communist walks into a bar He orders nothing, and instead just sits down at the bar and begins reading a newspaper.   “What’ll it be?” Asked the bartender.  “Nothing.” Replied the communist, his face concealed behind the newspaper.   “You don’t want anything?” Said the bartender.  “No!” Replied the communist.   “Look,” said the bartender “you can’t just sit at the bar and read without ordering anything. I’m going to have to ask you to leave.”   “Do you know who I am?” Asked the communist, as he slowly lowered the newspaper, revealing combed back black and grey hair, a large, bushy mustache, and a neatly kept Officer uniform with two gold stars pinned to the left breast.   The bartender stepped back, shocked. “Well now you’re just Stalin!”
A guy walks into a bar It knocks him unconscious. 
A gentleman walks into a store tells the sales associate “I need an anniversary gift. Do you have any perfume?” Lady shows him a bottle, he asks “how much?” She replies “$50”. He asks for a cheaper bottle. She shows him another bottle. “How much?”, “$20” she replied. He asks again “anything cheaper? She shows him a mirror. 
A horse walks into a bar.... The Bartender sees such a vivid depth of despair and sadness in the Horse's eyes, like the Horse has stared into the abyss and found the infinite void of nothingness so deep that the Horse could no longer believe that he himself nor anyone nor anything else existed.   To say something exists requires knowledge of self, which requires knowledge of existence of the self,  an obviously impossible leap of logic, absurd to even attempt to conceive or contemplate.  The Bartender, in that single instant within the Horse's mind, became the nothingness the Horse perceived,  and thus was rendered speechless. If neither the Horse, nor the Bartender, nor the bar itself can be said to exist, then why should he ask, how could he ask, "why the long face?" The question can have no meaning, and that which has no meaning cannot be stated.  The Bartender, dumbstruck, not by realization of mortality but by fundamental doubt that he was ever alive, gazes into the endless depth of the Horse's eyes, and asks him, "Sir, I beg you say, do I exist?" The Horse replies, "Neighhhh..."
A pony walks into a bar Says to the bartender “Let me get one Apple martini”   bartender leans in closer and says “what?”   Pony says “one. Apple martini, please”.   Bartender asks, “something about a Bikini?”   Pony starts to get a little frustrated but manages to say a little louder now “ONE APPLE MARTINI”  Bartender said “oh! It’s hard to hear you, you’re a little horse”
Two guys walk into a bar, Which is kinda stupid because you'd think the second guy would have seen it.
A man walks into a fancy bar A man walks into a fancy bar. The bartender says, "Sir, you cannot be in here without a tie." The man walks back to his car and finds some jumper cables, and makes a tie out of them. He walks back in to the fancy bar and gets a stern look from the bartender who says, "That will do, but please don't start anything."
A man walks into a bar while carrying a chunk of asphalt under his arm.... he says, "Hey! Bartender! Two beers please." The bartender looks at him with a confused look and asked, "Why two? Are you waiting on someone?" The man responds, "Nah, I need for me and one for the road."
A guy walks into a bar and sees 50 women and no men The guy says to himself I've "I've hit the jackpot!" and orders one of the women a drink. The woman says in a low voice "sorry pal, I'm a man. This is a lesbian bar, the only way to get any chicks here is if you dress like a woman." So he talks to another "woman", he says the same thing. After a while, the guy realizes it's just a bunch of men dressed like women trying to pick up lesbians. He figures he might as well play ball and dress like a woman too, hopefully some hot lesbian chick will show up. Then another man walks in and the guy yells "get the hell out, we don't want any men here!" The man sulks out of the bar and mutters "What the hell, I thought this was a gay bar, I just spent an hour dressing like a man."
A skeleton walks into a bar... He orders a drink and a mop
A man walks into a bar.    The only other person at  the bar is an older man. After a few moments of  silence the man turns  and says:  "You see this bar? I built  this bar with my own bare hands. I cut down every tree and made the  lumber myself. I toiled away through the wind and cold, but do they call  me McGreggor the bar builder? No."  He  continued "Do you see that stone wall out there? I built that wall with  my own bare hands. I found every stone and placed them just right  through the rain and the mud, but do they call me McGreggor the wall  builder? No."  "Do ya see that pier  out there on the lake? I built that pier with my own bare hands,  driving each piling deep into ground so that it would last a lifetime.  Do they call me McGreggor the pier builder? No."  "But you fuck one goat.."
A Pirate walks into a bar A pirate walks into a bar and had a steering wheel on his pants.  The bartender asked what's with the steering wheel on your pants?  The pirate replied: "arrgh it drives me nuts"
A man walks into a bank and says to the teller, "I want to open a fucking checking account." The teller is caught off guard by his language and says "Sir, I can help you but this is a place of business and we don't tolerate foul language." The man says "I just need to open a god damn checking account." Frustrated, the teller asks him to wait there and she goes to get her manager. She tells the manager what the issue is and he comes to the front to speak to the man. The manager says "Sir, I hear that we have an issue. I'm gonna need you to speak to my employee with respect or I'm going to have to ask you to leave." The man says, "What's the fucking issue? I just won $100 million in the lottery and I need to open a fucking checking account so I can deposit this god damn money!" to which the manager responds, "and this bitch is giving you a fucking problem?!"
Two guys walk into a bar.. The third one ducked.
A New Zealander walks into the bedroom with a sheep on a leash and says.... "Honey, this is the cow I make love to when you have a headache."   The wife, lying in the bed reading a book, looks up and says,  "If you weren't such an idiot, you'd know that's a sheep, not a cow."   The guy replies, "If you weren't such a presumptuous bitch, you'd realize I was talking to the sheep."
A rabbit walks into a bar He hops onto the stool and asks the bartender for a carrot. The bartender smiles a bit and says, “sorry bud, we don’t have carrots here. How bout a drink?”The rabbit says, “alright I’ll come back tomorrow.”  The next day the rabbit shows up to the bar, hops on the stool and says, “hi yes I’ll have a carrot.” The bartender once again, but more confused this time says, “well... as I already told you, we don’t have carrots. This is a bar. We have drinks.” The rabbit says, “alright, I’ll come back tomorrow.” The bartender stiffens his lip and says, “don’t bother, we won’t have any tomorrow or ever!”  The next day the rabbit shows up and asks the bartender, “do you have any carrots?” And the bartender says, “alright listen you smartass little shit, if you come in here one more time asking for carrots I’m going to nail your little paws to this counter, got it?” The rabbit hops off the stool and leaves.  The next day the rabbit comes in to the bar and hops up onto the stool. Before the bartender can say anything, the rabbit asks, “do you have any nails?” Taken aback, the bartender says, “n-... no?” The rabbit says, “Oh... well how about carrots?”
Two breakdancers walk into a bar They get served.
Two verbs walk into a pub One found a seat at a table while the other grabbed a drink at the bar.  The bartender asked, "Can I pour your friend something? He looks tense."  The verb responded, "He's not tense, just irregular. But he will take a drink."
Two bacteria walk into a bar Two bacteria walk into a bar.  The bartender says, "We don't serve bacteria here."  And the bacteria says,  *"But we work here. We're staph."*
A horse who got its face blown off in a war walks into a bar Bartender goes "why the long...oh".   What a dick.
A man walks into a bar and orders a double Nebraska. The bartender turns around and says "Sorry, we don't have *NE*."
A donkey walks into a bar.... The bartender then says,"why the long face?"
A jumper cable walks into a bar The bartender says okay I'll serve you, as long as you don't start anything.
Hot woman walks into a bar A hot woman walks into a bar. Bartender:woah, you're getting laid tonight Woman: hehe how do you know? Bartender: because I'm stronger that you
A skeleton walks into a bar... It orders a beer...and a mop.
Three Logicians walk into a bar and the barman asks if they all want a beer the first says "I don't know"  the second says "I don't know"  the third says "yes please"
Muhammed walks into a supermarket and asks to see the manager. Muhammed walks into a supermarket and asks to see the manager. 'Sir. I am looking for a job.'  'Oh that's good because we're just looking for someone to take the assistant manager position. You will be paid 80.000 euros for the first year with a payraise of 20k every year you stay with us. You will get a company Mercedes-Benz and a house close to the business.   Muhammed looks at him in astonishment. "You.. you must be kidding!"  "Well you started it."
Hitler walks into a bar... The bartender does a double take but doesn't say anything at first. "This cant be!" the bartender thinks to himself. Finally he decides to bring it up.  "Hey man, I don't want to bother you," says the bartender, "but you look *just* like Hitler."  "I am Hitler," says the fuhrer. "I'm back. And this time, I'm gonna kill eight million Jews **and** three rodeo clowns."  "Three rodeo clowns?" asks the puzzled bartender.  Hitler says "see? No one gives a fuck about the Jews."
Two guys walk into a bar... ...the third one sees that and ducks under it
A black guy walks into the bar with a parrot on his shoulder The bartender then says   "Well that's special, where did you get it?"  "Africa" says the parrot
Woman walks into a pet shop... A woman walks into a pet shop, just looking around. She comes across the parrot pens and she watches them for a while, until one of them speaks to her.  "You're fat!"  Woman screams her lungs out and demands that the manager does something about that big-mouthed bird. Manager apologizes for the parrot and after the woman has left, the manager goes over to the parrot and explains that the parrot cannot insult the customers.  Next day, the woman comes back with his husband, tottering around the parrot pens. At first the parrot does not mind, but after a while it is obvious that the woman is trying to annoy the bird. Parrot whispers:  "You're fat!"  Again, enraged, the woman demands compensation and the husband is understandably angry as well. The manager goes over to the parrot and swears that if there is one more incident with insulting the customers, the manager would roast the parrot himself. The parrot swears no more to insult the customers.  A week goes by, after which the woman comes back, this time with all her friends watching. The woman prances around the parrot pens, proud for shutting the damned parrot up for good. At first, the parrot stays silent, but the annoyance and the boredom gets the better of the parrot.  Parrot squaks at the woman and she dramatically turns around: "What? You have something to say?", the woman says.  All eyes are on the parrot, who whispers: "Well... you know."
A burglar walks into an art show. He says, "Give me all your Monet."
A Scotsman walks into a cafe and has a look at the menu... ...it’s reads;  Ham Roll £1.00 Cheese Roll £1.50 Handjob £5.00  He then sees a beautiful young women who works there with big tits and a smoking body. He says ‘excuse me, are you the one that gives the handjobs?’  She says ‘yes it is’ The Scotsman says ‘well go and wash your hands, I want two rolls and cheese’
A bear walks into a bar And asks the bartender, "I'll have a... ... Whisky" The bartender says, "why the big paws" 
A Roman walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says "I'll take five beers."‭
Two blondes walk into a bar You’d think the second one would have ducked 
2 Men walk into a bar One man looks at the prices and says: "These beers are too pricey, With the money I have I can only buy one beer." The other gets an idea. So they buy a sausage and go back to the bar.  After a couple of bears one man puts the sausage in his pants and the other starts sucking it, the bartender kicks them out of the bar without them having to pay.  They do this all night and get kicked out of 7 bars, at the 8th bar one man says: "this sausage is getting sour" the other replies with "The sausage? I lost that thing at the third bar"
An anteater walks into a bar The anteater asks the bartender for a drink and the bartender asks "is Pepsi okay?" The anteater replies "noooooooooooo". So the bartender asks "is orange juice okay? And once again the anteater replies "noooooooooooo". One more time the bartender asks "how about water?" The anteater agrees that water is fine. So the anteater gets his drink and the bartender can't help but ask the anteater one final question.  "So, why the long no's?"
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar. You can’t tell me that’s just a coincidence.
A man walks into a Chinatown apothecary He tells the proprietor that he has a date with a gorgeous woman that night.  The woman, however has an incredible sex drive, and she has left every man she had ever been with after a single night because they could not satisfy her.  The proprietor nods his head and asks the man to wait.  He goes into the back and comes back out with a packet of powder in an ancient looking bag.  "You put this into your drink an hour before your date and you will stay with her all night long" he tells the man.  The man pays and thanks the proprietor.   The next day, the man comes back in and looks absolutely awful.  His eyes are red and have dark circles under them and his hair and clothing are disheveled.   He walks up to the counter and unzips his pants and pulls out his penis, which looks red and raw.  "Do you have any Bengay?" He asks.  "You not putting Bengay on that!" The proprietor cries.  "No, no it's for my arms.  The bitch never showed up!"
Argon walks into a bar The bartender kicks him out. Argon doesn't react.
god walks into a bar... and no one could believe it
A man walks into a bar And gets a bloody nose
Two termites walk into a bar... "Excuse me sir, is the bar tender here?"
The Dalai Lama walks into a pizza shop and says "can you make me one with everything?"
A keyboard walks into a bar... "Start a new tab for me," said the keyboard.  "But, you already have one..." said the bartender.
A man walks into a Movie Theater with a bag -"What's that in the bag" --"An AK-47" -"No, the thing next to it" --"A bag of Cheetos" -"Sorry, you can't take that to the Theatre"
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar, takes a seat, and orders a couple of drinks. A while later on his way out, he sees a jar of money sitting on the bar. He asks the bartender what the money’s for. The bartender replies “See that horse back there?” The man replies “Ya”. The bartender says “whoever can make that horse laugh gets the money” so the man decides to give it a try. He walks back to the horse, whispers something into its ear and the horse starts busting up laughing. So, the man walks over to the bar, grabs the money and leaves.   A few weeks later the same man returns to the same bar, and per usual, orders a few drinks. On his way out he notices another jar of money. Again, he asks the bartender what the money is for. The bartender says “See that horse back there?” The man says “Ya” the bartender says “Whoever can make that horse cry gets the money”. So the man walks back to the horse and shows it something. The horse then starts to bawl it’s eyes out. The man walks over, grabs the money and on his way out the bartender stops him and says “I have to know. How did you get the horse to both laugh and cry?” The man replies “Well, the first time I told him my dick was bigger than his. The second time I showed him”.
God, a man, and Satan walk into a bar Bartender: JESUS CHRIST!  God: No, he couldn’t make it, this is Steve.
So a Tumblr user walks into a bar... and angrily writes a callout post on the rod that assaulted them.
2 drunk men walk into a whorehouse [NFSW] The madam tell her girls ' Just give those guys blow-up dolls. they're so wasted they'll never know the difference'  After when they're walking home the first man says 'I think mine was dead; She never moved or made a sound the whole time'  The second says 'I think Mine was a witch'  First: 'really whys that?'  Second: ''cause when i bit her ass she farted in my face and then flew out the window'
A pirate walks into a bar... And he's got this steering wheel sticking out of his crotch. So the bartender asks, "Hey man, what's with the wheel?" Then the pirate replies, "Arrgghh! It's driving me nuts!"
A couple of dicks walk into a Vagina. They had a few drinks and were there for a couple of hours.  Eventually one dick looks at the other and says, “Hey man, I’m getting bored, want to go next door and get shit faced?”. 
An etymologist, an entomologist, and an etiologist walk into a bar. "What'll it be?" The bartender asks.  "I'll have a beer," the etymologist says. "A word which comes from Latin *bibere*, meaning "to drink".  "I'll have a Campari," the entomologist says. "It was originally dyed with crushed beetles!"  The bartender gets them their drinks. "And for you, sir?" he asks the third man.  "I'm just wondering how I got here," the etiologist replies.
A Pittsburgh Man, Idaho Falls Man, and a Cleveland Man walk into a bar... An Idaho Falls man, a Pittsburgh man, and a Cleveland man walk into a bar.   An atheist bartender asks the Idado Falls man what he's drinking.   "Water. The Idaho Falls man replies. "My God doesn't allow us to drink harmful substances."  The bartender replies, "God doesn't exist, but believe what you will."   The bartender turns to the Pittsburgh man and asks him what he's drinking.  "I prayed to God for a Steelers win and they won last week, so the tallest IC Light yinz got!" The Pittsburgh man drunkenly shouts.   "God doesn't exist," replies the bartender, "but believe what you will."  The bartender turns to the Cleveland man, who is watching the Browns play in overtime on the bar television and asks him what he's drinking.   "If there's a true God, the Browns will kick this game winning field goal and I'll buy the whole bar shots!" the Cleveland man replies.   As everyone watched, the Browns lined-up the kick, and Zane Gonzalez shanks the kick wide left.   "I told you God doesn't exist." The bartender exclaims.  "I suppose you're right." The Idaho Falls man says.  "Wow, you were right." The Pittsburgh man says.   Just then, God walks into the bar, pulls out his revolver, and shoots the Cleveland man in the head and says, "No, I exist. I just hate Cleveland fans."
A clam walks into the bar... The bartender asks him, "how the hell did you do that?"
3 Blind Men walk into a bar. Then they walk into a pillar. Then they walk into the bartender.
A man walks into a bar and asks for a surprise. The bartender pulls out some ice and a roll of tape. The man asks: “what are you making?”  The bartender replies: “Scotch on the rocks, bud”
A Green Beret walks into a Marine bar carrying a large snapping turtle under his arm. All of the Marines go quiet.  The Green Beret sets the snapping turtle on the bar, pulls out his dick and taunts the turtle with it until it latches on.  He lifts the turtle off the bar with his dick, swings it around in a circle, spins it around, slams it back on to the bar and gouges it's eyes out with his fingers, killing it.  He puts his dick back in his pants and turns to a stunned crowd of Marines.  "I bet none of you pussies can do that."  The crowd stays silent. A moment later, one of the Marines slowly raises his hand and says, "I.. I think I can sir, if you promise not to gouge my eyes out."
A guy walks into a bar decorated for the Christmas holiday and orders a beer. "That's a beautiful Christmas tree you have over there. I hope you're not offended, but I've always found that Christmas trees are a lot like boobs," he tells the bartender. "When you see really nice ones you just have to ask if they are real or fake." 
A redditor walks into a bar... v   &amp;#x200B;  Sorry, I think my ctrl key is broken.
I walk into the doctors office and the doctor says to me, pick a star sign, any star sign “Ok, Capricorn! “  i say  “Nope, you’ve got cancer” he replies 
A boy and a gorilla walk into a bar... The boy says "first shot's on me"   The gorilla replies "nah,  I got this" 
A bunch of euros walk into a bar... The Englishman ducks, but the rest stay on course...
A guy walks into a bar... Sits down, and orders 15 shots. The bartender looks at him and says "Oh wow, that's a lot. What's the special occasion?  "Well, today marks the day of my first blowjob!"  The bartender giggles, and gives him 15 shots. He drinks them all.  Bartender comes back and says "Here, I'll give you one more on the house to celebrate!"  He then turns to her and says...  "Oh, no thanks. If 15 won't get the taste out of my mouth, nothing will."
A British man, a Welsh man, a Scottish man, and a Polish man walk into a pub. A British man, a Welsh man, and a Scottish man walk out of the pub.
A man walks into a bar... "Ouch!"
A man walks into a bar and notices a steak hanging from the ceiling. When he asked the bartender about it, the bartender said, “If you can jump up and hit it, drinks are ok the house for the night. But if you miss, everyone’s drinks are on your tab for the next 2 hours. Do you want to try?”  The man decided not to take the risk. He thought the steaks were too high. 
A robber walks into a gas station and demands the clerk fill his bag with diamonds "Sorry sir, all we have are these Juuls."
A clown, rapist and a president walk into a bar…. He orders a drink. 
A moth walks into a doctor's office... ... and says "Doc, you've gotta help me. My life is going to hell in a hand basket!" "Well, what's ailing you?" Asked the doctor. "Well you see, Doc, my wife is cheating on me with another moth! And what's worse, my daughter has ran away from home with some guy and I have no way to contact her to see if she's alright. And then, doc, there's my son. I don't know why, but I don't love him anymore. I can't stand to look at him, even." "Well that's awful, and I'd love to help, but what you really need is a psychiatrist. What did you come to me for?" "Well, you're light was on."
A blind man walks into a bar. Ow. 
A man walks into a bar, and sits with a group of men. After a short while, he goes over to the bartender. He buys a drink, and then buys another. He drinks both, orders a third, and then looks over to the bartender. ‘Hey, listen, I’ve got a bet for you.’  The bartender was intrigued, so he encouraged the drunken man. ‘Go on, shoot’ he says.   ‘Well,’ the man starts, ‘I bet you $1,000, that I could piss into this glass, from 10 feet away, without moving or spilling a drop.’   The bartender laughs, and asks to see the money. ‘It’s in my bank, but you have my word’ says the man.   ‘Okay, you’ve got it. If you spill even a drop, then you owe me the money’ the bartender says, before handing the man his glass.   The man walks, sets the glass down on the floor, walks back, and unzips his pants.   After a few seconds, the man starts, and is missing completely. He pisses all over the floor, with barely a drop reaching the glass. The bartender bursts out laughing, shouting ‘man, you owe me $1000! You’re an awful better!’  ‘Well,’ begins the drunk, zipping his flies up once more,  ‘I bet those men over there $50,000 that I could piss all over your bar and still have you laughing about it!’
A guy walks into a coffee shop and asks if they have cold coffee  "Sorry we only serve hot coffee", Replies the owner.  So the guy walks away and comes back the next day and asks the same thing again, but they still didn't have any. So the owner decided to make a cup of coffee early in the morning so it would be cold when the guy shows up. "Do you have cold coffee ?" "Yes sir , we do" "Oh nice. I'll have that please" The owner smiles and as he puts the cup of cold coffee on the counter the guy says "Oh, and could you heat it up for me please ?" 
A sloth walks into a bar When he gets to the counter, he tells the bartender, "I'll take..................... a club soda."  The bartender says, "Whats with the long paws?"
A French fry walks into a bar A French fry walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "Hey, could I get a beer please?"   The bartender takes a looks at him, shaking his head and says, “no, we don’t serve food here.” 
A little boy walks into his parents'.... room to see his mom on top of his dad bouncing up and down.  The mom sees her son and quickly dismounts, worried about what her son has seen.  She dresses quickly and goes to find him.   The son sees his mom and asks, "What were you and Dad doing?"   The mother replies, "Well you know your dad has a big tummy and sometimes I have to get on top of it to help flatten it."  "You're wasting your time," said the boy. "Why is that?" asked his mom, puzzled. "Well when you go shopping the lady next door comes over and gets on her knees and blows it right back up." 
A polar bear walks into a bar A polar bear walks into a bar and says to the bartender “I'll have a Bud Lite. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and coke.” The bartender asks “What's with the big pause?” The bear responds: “I dunno... I've just always had them.”
A marine walks into a bar and tries to order a Bin Laden “What’s that?”, the bartender asked  The marine replied, “two shots and a splash of water”.
A blind man walks into a bar... Then a table.... And a chair....
A hitman walks into a funeral home. He walks up to the receptionist and says.  "I'd like to order a wreath."  "Of course" says the receptionist, "would you also like to write a message on a ribbon?"  "Sure thing," says the hitman.  "OK, what will it be?" says the receptionist  "Sorry man, I thought I had the right guy." says the hitman. 
A pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel hanging out of his zipper and the bartender takes one look at him and says "hey you have a steering wheel hanging out of your zipper. " and the pirates says. "arrgh it's drivin me nuts!" 
Schrödinger's Cat walks into a bar... And doesn't.
Another 'walks into a bar' joke The barman says, 'That'll be two pounds please.'  He ordered a pint of lager.  A time-traveller walks into a bar.
Helen Keller walks into a bar And a chair...and a table 
An ancient Greek playwright walks into a tailor..... ....and approaches the counter holding a robe. He shows the tailor a large hole torn in the side. The tailor looks at him and said "Euripides?"  The playwright responds, "Eumenides."
A skeleton walks into a bar and says... "Barkeeper, I'll have a beer and a mop"
So the past, the present and the future walk into a bar... It was tense.
A dwarf walks into a bar A dwarf walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender tells him it will be $7. The dwarf asks if he'll take $5. The bartender says "Nah, you're 2 short".
Two rabbis' walk into a bar and they believe to see Hitler. Two current day rabbis' walk into a bar and exclaim to each other that the bartender is a dead ringer for an elderly Hitler, they go up to him say "sir, you must get this all the time but why do you style yourself to look like Adolph Hitler, surely that can't be good for your tips" as The bartender sets down the beer glass he was polishing, he looks up and says "I made two bets with my wife, I lost one and won the other" the rabbis looked to each other dumbfounded and ask almost in sync "what did you win?!"   "she has to talk like Anne frank for a year"
A man walks into work with two black eyes. His boss asks what happened.  The man says, "I was sitting behind a big woman at church. When we stood up to sing hymns, I noticed that her dress was caught in her crack, so I pulled it out. She turned around and punched me square in the eye."  "Where did you get the other shiner?" the boss asks.  "Well," the man says, "I figured she preferred it in the crack, so I pushed it back in."
A man walks into a bar alone and sits down at the table. It’s just him and the bartender, but out of nowhere he starts hearing these voices. “Hey there, like your shirt!” “Sweet tie” “Looking good with that haircut” “Wow you’re handsome ”  Blushing, but scared and confused, the man looks to the bartender and asks, “Okay, am I going crazy or do you hear those voices too?”  With a laugh the bartender replies, “Oh, don’t mind them. Those are just the complimentary peanuts!”
A black guy walks into a whites only bathroom... And it's 2018.  Brought to you by Donald J. Trump.
An Englishman and an Asian walk into a bar The Englishman states that he eats a lot of pussy  The Asian responds 'let's do a challenge, to see who eats more'  The Englishman walks around the bar, getting 3 women, while the Asian has a plate half full of cat meat  The Asian points and laughs saying 'you Englishman think too much about sex than the challenges you join!'
A Rabbi, a Priest and an Imam walk into a bar The bartender looks up and says "what, is this some kind of joke?"
A brunette walks into a bar... "Ouch!" She cries, as her wig flutters to the ground revealing that she was in fact a blond woman the whole time because blonde jokes are hilarious am I right can I get some validation please I need it my life is spiraling out of control and THIS IS ALL I HAVE NOW?
Three large girls walk into a bar... They sit down at the bar and try to order a drink. The bartender clearly doesn't understand their heavy accents so a man comes over to try and help. The man says, "excuse me, but are you ladies from Scotland?"   They say, "No! Wales, Wales!"  "Oh my apologies! Are you whales from Scotland?"
a member of ISIS walks into a bar, what does he order? a kahlua akbar.
A nun walks into a bar A nun walks into a bar and asks the barman to use the restroom. The bar is very noisy and crowded with music playing and every time the light shuts off for a few seconds, the patrons applaud. When the patrons finally see the nun, the entire bar falls silent.  "Sure, you may use our facility" says the barman, "but I must warn you that there is a statue of a naked man whose private parts are covered with a fig leaf"  "In that case, I'll look the other way" says the nun and goes into the restroom. Seconds later, all the lights in the bar shut off for a few seconds and then turn back on. When the nun comes out, there is a big round of applause. With a confused expression on her face, the nun walks over to the barman and asks,  "Sir, I don't understand, are these people clapping just because I used your restroom?"  "No, but they now know that you're just like everyone else at this bar. Would you like a drink?"  "No thanks," says the nun "I still don't understand what that supposed to mean"  "You see, every time someone lifts the statue's fig leaf, all the lights in the bar go out."
A man walks into a bar He leaves because it's very busy due to the fucking election.
A horse walks into a bar... It gets disqualified.
So a guy walks into a bar... He says "OUCH!"
A termite walks into a bar And asks his friend, "Is the bar tender here?"
A man walks into a bar..... ......and orders a glass of water. Who the hell walks into a bar and gets water?
A blind man walks into a bar. After a few drinks he starts telling the bartender a blonde joke. As soon as he starts the bartender stops him and says: "hey, before you tell the joke, just so you know. I'm a blonde, 200lb body builder, the blonde girl next to you is a kung fu artist, the other blonde girl is a wrestler and there in the back are two blonde knife experts. Do you still want to tell your joke?"  He replies: "Nah, I don't want to explain it five times" 
A man walks into a a bar... He tells the bartender, "give me an Ovechkin."  The bartender asks, "I've never made that. What is it?"  The man replies, "White Russian, no cup."  *two a's in the title. Oops.
Two guys are walking down the sidewalk, one guy walks into a bar... The other guy ducks. 
An R walks into a bar The bartender says "HEY! This is Boston! You can't be in he'eh!  Ah's ah ba'hed f'uhm ba'hs!
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. He also asks if he can have some nuts to go along with the beer. The bartender hands him a bowl of nuts and the man shoves the nuts into his own trousers. The bartender then asks the man: Are you crazy?!? And the man answers: No, I'm fucking nuts!
A bloke walks into a bar carrying a biscuit tin... ... He sits down on a stool at the bar and produces a parrot out of his pocket. He places the parrot atop the bicuit tin and staight away, the parrot starts to dance in a most amusing fashion. Before long the bar is crowded with people vying for a peek at this marvel. At the end of the evening the barman approaches the man and enquires wether he may purchase the dancing bird as it will be good for business. The man agrees and the barman enjoys excellent takings over the coming week.  At night though the bird continues to dance on it's tin whilst the barman is trying to get some rest. In a fury he rings up the bloke who sold him the bird and asks how to stop the damned bird from dancing.  "Simple, the man replies, "You just lift the lid off the tin and blow out the candle!"
A man walks into a pharmacy, buys a condom, then walks out of the store laughing hysterically. The pharmacist thinks this is weird, but, hey, there's no law preventing weird people from buying condoms. Maybe it's a good thing. The next day, the man comes back to the store, purchases another condom, and once again he leaves the store laughing wildly. This piques the interest of the pharmacist. What's so funny about buying a rubber, anyway?  So he tells his clerk, "If this guy ever comes back, I want you to follow him to see where he goes."  Sure enough, the next day the laugher is back. He buys the condom, starts cracking up, then leaves. The pharmacist tells his clerk to go follow the guy.  About an hour later, the clerk comes back to the store. "Did you follow him? Where did he go?" asks the pharmacist. The clerk replies "Your house." 
Dalai Lama walks into Subway And says "Can you make me one, with everything?"
A skeleton walks into a bar. He orders a beer and a mop.
A 12 year old boy walks into a brothel... He places a crisp hundred dollar bill on the counter and says, "I need a whore."  The madam is unphased and tells the boy to get lost. He slides another crisp hundred on the counter and sternly exclaimed, "madam, I said I need a whore."  The madam begins to get annoyed and demands the boy leave.  The boy, this time, slams yet another crisp bill on the counter and shouts, "Lady, I need a whore NOW!" "Fine!" Shouts the madam and she turns for the backroom. Before she can exit the boy places yet Another hundred down on the stack of cash and says, "make sure she has herpes." The madam, now flabbergasted retrieves Nasty Nancy from the lounge and the boy is lead to an upstairs room.  The pair share an hour together and the boy comes down the stairs and heads for the door. The madam calls out, "little boy, what in the world are you doing in this place?" The boy turns to her and says, "well ma'am, when I get home I'm going to have sex with my babysitter, and when my father returns home, he's going to have sex with my babysitter, and after she leaves my father is going to have sex with my mother, and tomorrow morning when he leaves for work my mother is going to have sex with the mailmail. And THAT motherfucker ran over my frog.
A group of introverts walk into a bar... This entire joke is a paradox.
Stephen hawking walks into a bar Just kidding.
A man walks into a bank A man walks into a bank and goes up to the teller window.  "I would like to make a fucking deposit in your fucking bank" he tells her.   Shocked, the teller says,  "Sir, this is a bank, we don't use that language here"  "Fuck what you think," says the man, "like I said, I want to make a fucking deposit in your fucking bank"  The teller, livid with anger, runs off to get the manager. Ten seconds later, the manager comes out of his office.  With a broad smile, the manager says,   "Sir, how can we help you today?"  "I would like to make a fucking deposit in your piece-of-shit bank" says the man.  "And this fucking cunt won't help you?" asks the manager. 
A frog walks into a bank... ...and proceeds to ask the Asian teller, Ms. Patricia Wok, for a $5,000 loan.  Absolutely gobsmacked at a talking frog she mechanically goes through the procedure, asking him if he has any references.  As a matter of fact, he replies, my dad's Mick Jagger, he's a musician.  Okay, she says hesitantly.  I mean if a talking frog, what's not allowed?  Do you have any collateral, she continues.  Yeah, he says, this ruby, while pulling a crimson rock from his overalls.  Composing herself she decides to ask the bank manager for assistance.  Quickly bringing him up to speed, she says, can we continue with the transaction and is the ruby even real?  At which point the bank manager examines the gemstone, sizes up the situation and says, it's just a nicknack Patty Wok but give the frog a loan, his old man is a rolling stone.
A Roman Walks Into a Bar... and holds up his middle and pointer fingers. "Five beers please," he says.
A Priest, a Lawyer and a Doctor walk into a man's deathbed, And the priest gives the man his last writes. The man says "I only have $30,000, and I think I can bring it with me to heaven. You should each take $10,000 of it to drop into my grave." And the men take the money. The doctor pronounces the man dead, and the lawyer writes a contract to make those words the last will and testament of the dieing man.   The funeral goes as expected, with each man dropping an envelope into the grave. Afterwards, the priest says "I have a confession to make. I did not drop the money into the man's grave, but instead I bout new pews for the church, the the envelope contained my apology. I think this is just because I think more faith would have saved the man, and he loved my church.  And the doctor said "I have the same confession to make. I used the money to buy new equipment for the hospital, a it could have saved the man. And the lawyer said "I am very ashamed of the both of you. I put a check for $10,000 in there myself!
3 gamers walk into a bar all of them get thrown out because they are under 16 years old
A dog walks into a bar... ...and WHAM !! Anyways, a man at the lumber yard accidentally shears off his fingers. He runs to the hospital, where the Doctor says, "give me the fingers and I'll see what I can do."The man replies, "I haven't got the fingers."The Doctor says, "what do you mean, you haven't got the fingers? We could have done microsurgery. I could have sewn them back on. Why on Earth didn't you bring the fingers?"The man replies, "I couldn't fucking pick them up!"
Ronda Rousey walks into a bar... and gets knocked the fuck out
A man walks into a restaurant in Mainland China. He calls the waiter over and tells him,  'That steak was rubbery.'  'Thank you for the compriment, sir, and have a rubbery evening!'
So a guy walks into bar and reaches into his pocket... From his pocket, he produces a very small grand piano. A moment later, he produces a 1ft tall man from his other pocket and places him down next to the piano. The little man immediately sits down and begins to play the piano, and remarkably well at that. The bar patrons are amazed and one of them approaches the man. "That's amazing!" he says. "Where did you get that little guy?" "Oh, I got him from this magic lamp." says the first man, holding up an old oil lamp. "Just give it a rub, but it doesn't work quite the way you expect." The other guy doesn't listen, grabs the lamp, rubs it and waits. Then a duck walks into the bar. And then another duck. And another one, until the whole bar is filled with ducks. "Hey!" Yells the patron. "I wished for a million bucks, not a millions ducks!" "I know how you feel man." Says the first guy. "Do you honestly think I wished for a twelve inch pianist?" 
A man walks into a restaurant A man walks into a restaurant and calls over the waiter and asks him "Do you serve pigs?"  The waiter - "We don't discriminate between our customers."
An Atheist, a Vegan and a Crossfitter walk into a bar I only know that because they told everyone all about it within 2 minutes... and again..and again.
A man walks into a bar. A man walks into a bar, and says give me 5 shots of whiskey please.   The bartender sets 5 shots on the table and asks, what are we celebrating ?  The man picks up the first glass and quickly drinks the first shot, my first blow job he replies.   The bartender says congratulations let me give u a glass of our finest scotch on the house.   The man picks up the 2nd and 3rd glass, one in each hand and quickly drinks them as well.   The bartender sets a glass of 30 year old scotch at the end of the line of shots.  The man says thanks , but I doubt that will even get the taste out of my mouth. 
So a Black guy walks into a bar with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder... The bartender says "Wow, that's something real special you've got there! Where'd you get it?"  "Africa!", says the parrot. 
Bird walks into a bar.. He sits down and ask the bartender, "Hey, you got any bread?"  The bartender replies "No, sorry."  The bird waits a few seconds and again asks, "Got any bread?"  The bartender says angrily, "No, we have no bread."  The bird asks again, "Do you have any bread?"  The bartender says furiously, "No, we have no bread and if you ask again I'm going to nail your fucking beak to the bar."  The bird pauses for a minute. Then he asks, "Do you have any nails?"  The bartender replies, "No, we have no nails."  So the bird asks, "You got any bread?"
A panda walks into a bar sits down and asks the bartender for food.  after eating, gets up, takes out a gun and kills the bartender.  as he is leaving, a shocked onlooker asks him "why did you do that?"  and he answers "Hey.  I'm a Panda.  It's what I do." in confusion, they look it up in an encyclopedia.    Panda.  Mammal. Eats shoots and leaves.
A drill sergeant walks into a bar... And orders a beer and a shot.  The bartender obliges, ant tells him it’ll be $10.  The drill sergeant slams both drinks.  He turns to the bartender and says, “I tell you what, I will show you a trick so good, you’ll give me both those drinks for free.”   The bartender says, “This better be a good trick.” The drill sergeant stands up on his stool, unzips his pants, and shouts, “Private, attention!”, and he immediately gets hard as a rock!  He says, “At ease soldier!”, and it falls limp back to the bar. The bartender is amazed, and says he’ll cover the drinks.  Pleased the sergeant orders another beer and goes and sits at the end of the bar.   The night goes on and the bartender tells a regular of what he saw, and he doesn’t believe it.  He tells him. To have the sergeant prove it.  The bartender says, “Go ask him yourself!” The drunk stumbles over and tells him the story is bullshit, and he doesn’t believe a word of it.   The drill sergeant says, “If you wanna see it, it’ll cost you a beer and a shot.”  The drunk agrees, pays the bartender, and the sergeant slams both.  He then stands up on his stool, unzips his pants, and shouts, “Private, attention!”, and he immediately gets hard as a rock!  He says, “At ease soldier!”, and it falls limp back to the bar. Amazed, the drunk claps and laughs and the whole bar starts looking.  The sergeant quietly sits back down and continues drinking his beer. Well as word got round, the sergeant did the trick a few more times, and each time slammed his beer and shot.   Eventually, a woman finally comes up to the sergeant and says! “I’ve heard about this trick you can do and I have to see it, what do you say we head to my place and you show off for me.”  The sergeant agrees and they stumble off down the block.  They make it to her apartment, and things begin getting hot and heavy.   She stops everything, and says, “Wait, wait, wait.  Before we go any further, I have got to see this trick I’ve been hearing about!” The sergeant stands up, unzips his pants, and shouts, “Private, attention!”, and nothing happens... The sergeant shouts again, “Private, attention!”, and nothing happens... Frustrated, The sergeant shouts, “For the last time Private, attention!”, and still nothing happens... So he grabs his dick, begins furiously yanking at it, jerks off and comes all over the wall!  The whole time the woman is screaming, “What are you doing!  Stop!  What on earth are you doing!” After, exhausted, he looks her in the eye and says, “Any soldier that disobeys a direct order deserves a dishonorable discharge!”
3 logicians walk into a bar, and the bartender says "Do y'all want a beer?" The first says "I don't know."  The second says "I don't know."  The third says "Yes."
2 chemists walk into a bar Chemist 1: “I’ll have some H2O”  Chemist 2: “I’ll have some H2O as well”  Bartender, who is secretly chemist 2’s archenemy: *under breath* “dammit. So close.”
A Redditor walks into a Bar He orders the best beer and sells it at the bar next door.
A weasle walks into a bar. The Bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get you?" "Pop" goes the weasle
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first mathematician orders a beer  The second orders half a beer  The third one says to bartender:  "I'll bet you $1,000 that I can put a shot glass at one end of your bar and piss into it from the other end of the bar without spilling a drop."
A meteorologist walks into a bar Low pressure, it’s probably going to rain
A guy walks into the doctors office and says, "Doc, you gotta help me, I woke up this morning and my left eye was blind!" "Alright," says the Doctor, "have a seat and I'll check you out."  The doctor looks him in the eye, and after a second says "Well, you're going to have to stop masturbating for a little while."  "Why?" asks the man.  "Because I'm trying to give you an eye exam."
A man walks into a bar and notices a sign advertising. "world famous punch!"the man thinks, "awesome! I love punch!" he approaches the bartender and asks, "hey barkeep, saw your sign. I'd love some punch!" the bartender replies, "sure thing buddy, you just have to wait in the line." the man looks around and doesn't see anything.
A dog walks into a bar and says, "Gimme a beer."  The bartender thinks wow, a talking dog! He says, "Hey! You should work for the circus!" The dog says, "The circus is hiring electricians?"
A Caps fan walks into a bar and orders one Alex Ovechkin.   The bartender tells him, “I don’t know of any drinks named that. What do you mean?”  The Caps fan says, “Duh! A white Russian in a cup!”
A blind man walks into a bar... and a table, and a chair...
A leukemia patient walks into a bar. He sits down next to a woman and says  "Hey baby, are you a white blood cell? Because I can't get enough of you"
A duck walks into a pub and orders a pint of beer and a ham sandwich. (Long)  The barman looks at him and says, "Hang on! You're a duck." "I see your eyes are working," replies the duck. "And you can talk!" Exclaims the barman. "I see your ears are working, too,"  Says the duck. "Now if you don't mind, can I have my beer and my sandwich please?" "Certainly, sorry about that," says the barman as he pulls the duck's pint. "It's just we don't get many ducks in this pub.. What are you doing round this way?" "I'm working on the building site across the road," Explains the duck. "I'm a plasterer." The flabbergasted barman cannot believe the duck and wants to learn more, but takes the hint when the duck pulls out a newspaper from his bag and proceeds to read it. So, the duck reads his paper, drinks his beer, eats his sandwich, bids the barman good day and leaves. The same thing happens for two weeks. Then one day the circus comes to town. The ringmaster comes into the pub for a pint and the barman says to him "You're with the circus, aren't you? Well, I know this duck that could be just brilliant in your circus. He talks, drinks beer, eats sandwiches, reads the newspaper and everything!" "Sounds marvellous, “says the ringmaster, handing over his business card. "Get him to give me a call." So the next day when the duck comes into the pub the barman says, "Hey Mr. Duck, I reckon I can line you up with a top job, paying really good money." "I'm always looking for the next job," Says the duck. "Where is it?" "At the circus," Says the barman. "The circus?" Repeats the duck. "That's right," Replies the barman. "The circus?" The duck asks again. With the big tent?" "Yeah," the barman replies. "With all the animals who live in cages, and performers who live in caravans?" says the duck. "Of course," the barman replies. "And the tent has canvas sides and a big canvas roof with a hole in the middle?" persists the duck. "That's right!" says the barman. The duck shakes his head in amazement, and says .. . ......... "What the fuck would they want with a plasterer??!".....
A band of Superheroes walk into a Gluten-free, Soy-Free, non-GMO, organic, fat-free restraunt.... Just Ice was served.
Three mice walk into a bar... After a few drinks, they get into a heated argument about how tough they are.  The first mouse says, “When I see a mousetrap, I lay on my back and set it off with my foot. Then, I catch the bar with my teeth and bench press it twenty times to work up an appetite. Only then do I make off with the cheese!”  The second mouse says, “Oh yeah? Well, whenever I see rat poison, I take it all and grind it into powder. Then when morning comes, I use it to flavor my coffee! It helps me get a nice buzz going for the rest of the day!”  The third mouse, checking his watch, sighs, stands up and says “I’ve gotta go. I have a date with a cat.”
Bacon and eggs walk into a bar and order a beer The bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve breakfast"
Logic, Math, Emotion, Energy, and the definitions of One from every perspective, all walk into a bar.. And collectively comprehend infinity.
An atheist and a vegan walk into a bar... The only reason I know this is because they both told everybody.
A fisherman walks into r/jokes A fisherman walks into /r/jokes where he meets a bartender. The bartender offers him a drink. The fisherman says he does not have money to pay, so instead he offers a trade-- if he can get the bartender to laugh at his joke, then the bartender should provide a drink for free. The bartender, a smug, old pirate of a man accepts. After all, he is a moderator of /r/jokes, so he has become very accustomed to not laughing.  The fisherman begins his tale. "Years ago, I set out on a whaling expedition, when a fellow sailor told me about the mystical golden fishing rod."  "Let me stop you right there" says the bartender. I can see where this is going. Golden rod. This is a sex joke. I've heard it before."  "No. It's not a sex joke" says the fisherman.  The bartender, fascinated, realizes that this may actually be OC.  The fisherman continues his tale. "There once was a mystical golden fishing rod that was said to be so powerful that anyone using it could catch any fish."  "Wait a minute" says the bartender. "I think you're in the wrong place. This sounds like the tale of Darth Plagueis. You want /r/prequelmemes down the street".  "No. It's not a prequel meme" says the fisherman.  The fisherman continues his tale. "One day, a little boy found the rod and used it to catch a lion fish. Neptune, god of the sea appeared. He was furious because the lion fish was his best friend. In retaliation, Neptune broke the rod into pieces, separating the rod and the reel. The little boy said 'Now I am sad'.  "Oh, come on!" said the bartender. "Hey, Sad. I'm neptune! You want /r/dadjokes. Don't waste my time".  "No. It's not a dadjoke" says the fisherman.  The fisherman continues his tale. "The boy took the pieces home, but they never worked again. Eventually, the rod was sold at a flea market, and the reel became the subject of many jokes."  The fisherman then asks "So, what did you think?"  The bartender, confused, looks up. "What? That's it?"  The fisherman nods.  The bartender, now, is very confused. It's OC, sure, but it doesn't make any sense.  He scratches his head and asks a question "What do you mean about the reel becoming the subject of many jokes?"  The fisherman says "I can't answer that here".  The bartender asks "Why not?"  The fisherman replies "The reel joke is always in the comments"
A student walks into a bar They pass and have a very successful lawyering career.
An atheist, a vegan, and a crossfitter walk into a bar... I only know because they told everyone within two minutes.
schrodinger's cat walks into a bar .....and doesn't.
Two hillbillies walk into a restaurant. While having a bite to eat, they talk about their moonshine operation. Suddenly, a woman at a nearby table, who is eating a sandwich, begins to cough.   After a minute or so, it becomes apparent that she is in real distress. One of the hillbillies looks at her and says, "Kin ya swallar?" The woman shakes her head no. Then he asks, "Kin ya breathe?" The woman begins to turn blue, and shakes her head no.  The hillbilly walks over to the woman, lifts up her dress, yanks down her drawers, and quickly gives her right butt cheek a lick with his tongue. The woman is so shocked that she has a violent spasm, and the obstruction flies out of her mouth.  As she begins to breathe again, the Hillbilly walks slowly back to his table. His brother said, "Ya know, I'd heerd of that there Hind Lick Maneuver but I ain't niver seed nobody do it!"
A warlock, a cleric, and a sorcerer walk into a bar. They order a few too many drinks and all begin boasting about their magic abilities, arguing over whose are better. Unable to agree who is the strongest, they decide that the best way to settle it is to have a contest.   Whoever can get them kicked out of the bar wins.    The warlock starts by summoning a lesser demon, who roars loudly, causing a customer to leave. The bartender is used to these acts, and decides to let it slide. “They are paying customers” he mutters to himself.    Next is the cleric, who summons a celestial. It attacks the demon, creating quite the commotion. The bartender seems less amused, as more customers start to leave the bar. “They’ve ordered almost as many drinks as the rest of the customers combined,” he again reasons to himself, “let them be.”    Finally, it’s the sorcerer’s turn. He realizes he may have bit off more than he could chew. Looking around the room, it hits him. He picks a torch on the wall and uses his strongest animation spell on it. “AHHHHHHHH!” says the torch, and immediately starts peeing on the table of the last group of customers in the bar. They get up, talking about how disgusting the place is. This is the last straw for the bartender. Infuriated, he walks over to the drunken mages and exclaims, “Take this pissing match outside!”
A guys walks into a bar and orders two beers. He pounds one and pours the other on his right hand. Promptly he orders two more. Pounding one, he pours the other on his right hand.    He orders another two beers and the bartender asks, "Mister why you drinking one of them beers and pouring the other on your hand?"  "I want my date to be as drunk as I am."
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
A man walks into a clock shop... where a smoking hot girl is working behind the counter. He walks straight up to the counter, looks her in the eye, and lobs is cock out onto the counter.  The girl, very shocked, says "excuse me sir, I think you've the wrong kind of establishment, this is a clock shop!"  The man says "I know it is; put 2 hands and a face on that!"
A man and his pet ostrich walks into a bar They had been locals a long time, but instead of asking for his regular, he says," I have a feeling something specials going to happen, i'll have a whiskey." "And the same for me," says the ostrich.  The bartender then serves the drinks and the man pays in exact change.  The bartender asks the man," everytime you bought something from here you always gave me the exact change. How did you do it?"  To which the man replies," Once, i was cleaning my attic and i found a genie in a lamp. The genie gave me two wishes and i wished that whenever i needed to pay for anything the correct money would be there in my pocket."  "Thats great! Whether it be a car or a carton of milk you will always have enough money, i mean most people would wish for something like 1 million pounds but you will never run out of money! By the way, whats up with the ostrich?"  "My second wish was for a chick with long legs"
An American walks into a bar.. He sees a really drunk russian man , he sits next to him and orders two beers , American after a few beers tells the russian "you know how you Russians came to be" "how" russian man replied ,"a bear fucked a tree" . The russian now tells American "and do you know how you came to be" American replied "how" To this the russian said "I fucked your mother"
Two men walk into a rural church, where they findthemselves face to face with the most gorgeous pair of women they've ever seen unfortunately they were nuns.  Cursing their luck, the men walked over to the priest, with whom they had an appointment, to fix a pair of ceiling fans in the parsonage.  The nuns, being of that age where there's a natural curiosity, despite their vows, were eager to catch a glimpse of their handsome young visitors, and they snuck over to spy upon the parsonage from above.  They entered as the men were deep in discussion.  "So, you'll need to get up there and make sure you mount them good."  "Of course, we'll make sure both of them are good n tight, sir."  "You better, I'm sick of hearing them go chirp chirp chirp."  "When we're done with them, they won't make a peep."  The nuns fainted.
A Man walks into a bar and asks the barkeep, "If I can show you something you have never seen before, can I drink free tonight?" The barkeep thinks about it and says "well I have seen a lot of stuff, if you can genuinely show me something I have not seen before, I will pick up your tab tonight".  So the man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a miniature piano and sets it on the bar, then he reaches into his other pocket and pulls out a frog and sets the frog at the piano.  Low and behold the frog cracks his little fingers and starts to play!  The barkeep is just blown away by this and agrees that the man can drink for free for the rest of the night. Meanwhile, there is a wealthy businessman watching this unfold from a corner, so he gets up and approaches the man sensing a business opportunity. He says "Excuse me, but I saw your frog and I was wondering if he was for sale?"  The man replies "Sorry the frog is not for sale" and continues sipping his drink.  The businessman offers $10,000 for the frog, which the man again politely declines, followed by offers for $20,000 and $30,000. Until the businessman finally gives up and goes back to his seat.  The man finishes his drink and asks the barkeep "Hey, if I can show you something else even more amazing, would you let me drink here for free any day?" The barkeep thinking he has seen everything now readily agrees, what could be more amazing than a playing frog?  The man reaches into another pocket and brings out a mouse and puts him on top of the piano. A few seconds later the mouse starts to sing along with the frog's playing! The barkeep is absolutely floored by this and again agrees to honor his deal.  The businessman also sees this and again approaches the man, he offers $100,000 for the frog and the mouse, which the man again declines. The businessman in a final effort says "OK, what about $100,000 just for the mouse?"  The man takes a sip of his drink and says "Just for the mouse? Yeah OK" so the businessman cuts him a check right there, and takes the mouse and leaves.  The barkeep says to the man "Are you crazy!?" A mouse like that has got to be worth 10x that much! What were you thinking?"  The man calmly sips his drink and replies with a wry smile "The jokes on him, the frog is a ventriloquist."
A baby seal walks into a bar No, wait.  A baby seal walks into a club.
A Bostonian and a Californian walk into a bar. "I lost my car keys!", the Bostonian realized, exasperated.  The Californian replied, "What are you talking about? You're wearing them!"
A duck walks into a bar and asks: "Got any Bread?" Barman says: "No."  Duck says: "Got any bread?"  Barman says: "No."  Duck says: "Got any bread?"  Barman says: "No, we have no bread."  Duck says: "Got any bread?"  Barman says: "No, we haven't got any fucking bread."  Duck says: "Got any bread?"  Barman says: "No, are you deaf?! We haven't got any fucking bread, ask me again and I'll nail your fucking beak to the bar you irritating bastard of a bird!"  Duck says: "Got any nails?"  Barman says: "No"  Duck says: "Got any bread?
A blind man walks into a bar... ... and a table, and a chair, and a stool.
A man walks into r/news &lt;removed&gt;
A racist white guy walks into an all-black bar The owner/bartender of the bar is black  So the white guy starts saying all these racist things to him, calling him racial slurs and such.  Then the bartender finally has enough of it and says "how would you like it if I walked into your bar, and started saying racist things to you, and calling you dirty names"  Then the white guy says "alright, let's switch places"  So the bartender hands the white guy his apron, and get behind the counter and the bartender leaves  So the bartender walks back in and the white guy says "we don't serve niggers around here"
Helen Keller walks into a bar and a table. And some chairs.
A Man Walks Into a Bar... Its sad how is alcohol dependency is destroying his family 
So a horse walks into a bar... So a horse walks into a bar. The barkeep seems to know that the horse frequently goes to bars, and he asks the horse, "Aren't you an alcoholic by now?"   The horse replies, "I think not!" and disappears, seemingly into thin air.   See, the joke here is based on Rene Descartes' famous philosophy of "I think, therefore I am", however, explaining that part first would be putting Descartes before the horse.
The Mayor of Bielefeld, the Governor of Molise and the President of Taiwan walk into a bar, and get drunk despite not drinking (or ordering) anything.
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar It was tense
A man walks into Specsavers and says to the salesman:   'Can you recommend a pair of glasses that reflect my persona and are stylish?'   The salesman looks at him and hands him a pair of glasses 'These will probably suit you.'   The man takes the glasses and is about to try them on, pauses and says, 'They do look really good. How much?'   '2500 € to you.'   'What? Are you serious?!'    'Just try them on, Sir.'   So he does. Suddenly, the salesman is naked. He is amazed. He takes them off an the salesman is fully clothed again. He puts them back on and the saleswoman further down is naked. He takes them off and she is clothed again.    'Holy shit, these things are amazing. Worth 2500 € of any ones money!' and buys them.   He can't believe it, he takes the bus home, and everyone on the bus is naked - some are nice views and some not so nice. But great fun.    He gets home, opens the door and walks into the living room, where he sees his wife and best friend sitting totally naked on the couch. He has a laugh and takes the glasses off. They are both still naked.    'Fucking typical!' he exclaims, 'Expensive to all hell, half an hour later they've stopped working!'
Two guys walk into a bar You would think the second guy would have ducked.
Another talking horse walks into a bar...... .….then the bartender yells "Hey!!!" The horse says "Wow! Howdja know I was gonna order some?"
A dog walks into a bar and says, “a pint of beer, please.” The bartender says, “wow, you should be in the circus.” The dog says, “why, do they need electricians?”
A man with a stutter walks into a bar and orders a drink.. and the bartender says “Why do you talk like that?”  the man says “It’s just my p-p-peculiarity! Everyone has something p-p-peculiar about them”.   Bartender is annoyed, and says “I don’t have no damn peculiarities!”  so the man pauses for a second, and says “Well...what hand do you st-st-stir your coffee with?” “My right hand” says the bartender, triumphantly.  “Well there you go“ says the man. “Most p-p-people use a sp-sp-spoon”. 
A little boy walks into his parents' room A little boy walks into his parents' room to see his mom on top of his dad bouncing up and down.   The mom sees her son and quickly dismounts, worried about what her son has seen.   She dresses quickly and goes to find him. The son sees his mom and asks, "What were you and Dad doing?" The mother replies, "Well you know your dad has a big tummy and sometimes I have to get on top of it to help flatten it."  "You're wasting your time," said the boy. "Why is that?" asked his mom, puzzled.   "Well when you go shopping the lady next door comes over and gets on her knees and blows it right back up."
A man walks into a library and asks for a book on how to commit suicide The librarian replies “Fuck off, you won’t bring it back” 
A limbo champion walks into a bar and is immediately disqualified.
A midget walks into an elevator....  There is a tall gorgeous blonde girl standing beside him. He looks up at her and asks, can I smell your pussy? She exclaims, absolutely fucking not!... He replied, oh, it must be your feet then. 
Two whales walk into a bar... First whale says "AHOOOOOOooooooooooaooooooooaoaaaooooaooaooOOOAAAAAAAAAAAOOOOAOOAOOAOAOOOOOOOOAaaaaAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHhhhhhhooooooooooo".  Second whale says "Frank, your drunk".
Three men walk into a bar It's the shittest game of limbo I've ever seen.
A Jaffa, a klingon, and a Stormtrooper walk into s bar... "I have killed many enemies with my staff weapon," boosted Thr Jaffa. "I have slayed many enemies with my bat'leth!" proclaimed the Klingon. "I have missed many enemies with my bad aim," said the Stormtrooper.
A man walks into a library... A man walks into a library and says "Excuse me, miss, but do you have that book for men with small penises?"  The librarian goes to the computer, types a few things in, and says "I don't think it's in yet."  The man replies, "Yeah, that's the one..."
Two hillbillies walk into a restaurant. While having a bite to eat, they talk about their moonshine operation. Suddenly, a woman at a nearby table, who is eating a sandwich, begins to cough.  After a minute or so, it becomes apparent that she is in real distress. One of the hillbillies looks at her and says, "Kin ya swallar?" The woman shakes her head no. Then he asks, "Kin ya breathe?" The woman begins to turn blue, and shakes her head no.  The hillbilly walks over to the woman, lifts up her dress, yanks down her drawers, and quickly gives her right butt cheek a lick with his tongue. The woman is so shocked that she has a violent spasm, and the obstruction flies out of her mouth.  As she begins to breathe again, the Hillbilly walks slowly back to his table. His brother said, "Ya know, I'd heerd of that there Hind Lick Maneuver but I ain't niver seed nobody do it!"
Guy walks into a public restroom Guy walks into a public restroom, there he sees a guy standing at the urinal by himself in a long sleeve shirt with no arms. The armless man makes eye contact with the other man and says "hey buddy could you help me?" The man replies "jeez I don't really want to, but I will" so he looks away unzips the no armed man's pants and pulls his penis out for him. A few seconds go by and the guy thinks "jeez I have this stranger's dick in my hand I figure I have the right to look at it" he turns his head and all of a sudden gasps and let's go of the man's dick and says "DUDE WTF IS WRONG WITH YOUR DICK?!?!" the man pushes his arms down through his sleeves and replies "I don't know but I ain't fucking touching it."
A Liar Paradox walks into a bar. This joke practically tells itself.
A blind man walks into a bar And a table. And a chair.
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up 2 fingers and says I'll have 5 shots of tequila please.
2 Scientists walk into a bar... The first one tells the bartender, "I'd like some H2O"  Upon hearing that, the second scientist says, "I'd like some water too. Jimmy, we're not in the lab anymore..."
Three engineers walk into a restroom... Three engineers walk into a restroom.  After using the urinals, they line up to use the sink.  The first engineer lathers up with a ton of soap, rinses thoroughly with scalding hot water, lathers and rinses again, then uses half a roll of paper towels drying off.  He smiles and looks back at the other two engineers and says "At MIT, I was taught to be thorough."  The second engineer takes a tiny amount of soap that barely manages to cover both of his hands.  He then uses just enough water to get all suds off, and then dries his hands using only the smallest corner of a paper towel.  "At Caltech, I was taught to be efficient."  The third engineer laughs at the other two and skips the sink entirely.  "At ITT Tech, I was taught to not piss on my hands!"
A man walks into a bar and says... "Argh, fuck!"
A man walks into a music store. A man walks into a music store to buy a record for his father. As he approaches the counter with his record he notices that the clerk has put out Nickelback CDs next to the register with a tag thats reads "CD special, $0.05 no returns."  The man looks at the clerk and says " $0.05 for a Nickelback CD. Ha, you probably can't even give those away."   The clerk smiled at him and Rings up his purchase. The grand total comes to $49.95 and the man hads the clerk a $50. The clerk places the $50 in his till and hands the man his receipt.   The man looks at his receipt and says to the clerk " excuse me but I think you short changed me."  The clerk looked at him and said "Oh, and what would you like back?"  The man looks at him and says "Well, Id really like a nickle back."  The Clerk smiles grabs a Nickelback CD scans it and drops it into the man's bag. "Have a nice day sir."
A man walks into a Dentist's office A man walks into a Dentist's office.  "Dentist, dentist! My tooth hurts! It hurts!" he wails in pain.  "Well hold on sir, there are other patients ahead of you." The Dentist calmly replied.  "I'm not just A patient!" The man yellowed out. "I am IMpatient!"  And you know what? I think they were both right.  Please leave any feedback below! This is just a rough draft.
A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel stuck to his forehead and orders a drink... The bartender passes the drink and says "So what's up with the paper towel?"  The pirate replies "Yaaaar! There be a Bounty on me head!"
Two men walk into a chemistry supply store The first man says: 'I'll have some H2O'.  The second man says: 'I'll have some H2O too'  The second man died
A Nazi walks into a fiber store to gain some fiber. He goes into the store and buys a box of fiber.  The second day, he goes into the store again to buy another box of fiber.  The third day, he goes inside the store to buy two boxes of fiber.  Day four, three boxes.  Day five, five boxes.  Day six, eight boxes.  On day seven, the cashier notices the man's strange pattern of him buying boxes.  The cashier says, "Excuse me, I seem to notice you coming to this store every day. You're recognizable because of that Nazi logo on your shirt..."  He continues, "Can you tell me why you're buying these boxes in a strange sequence?"  The man looks him dead in the eye and says, "It's all part of the Fibernazi sequence."
A man walks into a restaurant​... A man walks into a restaurant,   He sits down, and a waiter comes over.  The waiter says: "You see those meats stuck up there on the ceiling?"  The man says: "yeah, I do..."  Waiter: "If you can jump up and touch those meats, I will give you $250,000... but if you jump up and miss, you give me $250,000 dollars..."  The man says: "I need some time to think about it..."  Waiter: "Okay! I will come back in a bit."  10 minutes pass by...  The waiter comes back, and says: "Well, have you thought of your decision?"  The man says: "Yeah, I don't think I can do it."  Waiter: "What? Why not?"  &amp;#x200B;  The man says: "... The Steaks are too high..."  &amp;#x200B;
A man walks into a bar with 3 ducklings. [long] A barman standing behind the bar at his pub cleaning up glasses when a man walks in with 3 ducklings. The man sits down and asks if he'll watch the ducks while he makes a call, barman says sure and off he goes.  Barman stands there looking at the ducklings for a few seconds then jokingly asks one 'so what's your name then?', suddenly the duck looks at him and says 'my names Dave, what do you want?'. Shocked the barman says 'fucking hell a talking duck!'. The first duckling responds telling him that he and all his brothers can talk.  Amazed the barman asks the first duckling how his day has been, the duck replies 'well you know, went for a walk down the park, in and out of puddles and now I'm gonna have a pint.'. Barman turns to the second duckling, asks his name and how his day has been, 'names Bob, same sort duck shit as my brother. Went to the park, in and out of puddles and now I'm gonna have a pint'.  Still shocked at the fact of talking ducks the barman turns to the 3rd brother to ask when he interrupts him, 'My name is Puddles, don't fucking ask about my day'.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer, The bartender says, sorry, we don't serve food here.
A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer. "I just emailed in my application form for a dominatrix club..." he tells the bartender.  A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer. "I just emailed in my application form for a dominatrix club..." he tells the bartender. "What happened?" the bartender asks. "I got an instant reply thanking me for my submission." 
A man walks into a zoo A man walks into a zoo, and the only animal he sees there is a dog. It's a shitzu.  
A man walks into a bar and spots a man who's wearing a suit and holding a baby.  "That's a nice suit", he says, "are you a businessman?".   The man nods and says "Yeah, I'm the CEO of a company that sells condoms."  "And is that your baby you're holding?"   -- "Nah, that's just a customers complaint."
An Anteater walks into a bar.... Bartender says "can I get you a drink"    "Nooooooooooooooooooooo"     "How about something to eat?"     "Nooooooooooooooooooooo"     "What about some peanuts?"     "Nooooooooooooooooooooo"       Frazzled, the bartender says "What's with the long no's"?     Anteater replies "I was born with it".
A terrorist walks into a Christmas party  Just kidding. He drove.
A pirate walks into a bar... with a steering wheel sticking out of his pants. The bartender notices him, notices the wheel, and says, "Hey, I'll serve you, but what's with the wheel?"  The pirate responds, "Arrrrgh, it's drivin' me nuts!"
C, E-flat, and G walk into a bar... The bartender shows them the door and says,   “Sorry, we don’t serve minors.”
A seal walks into a club. The end.
A three legged dog walks into a bar... “I’m looking for the man that shot my paw.”
A guy walks into a bar with a giraffe A guy walks into a bar with a giraffe and says, “A beer for me, and one for the giraffe, please.” The two of them drink their beers. Then: “A shot for me, and one for the giraffe, too.” And the two of them keep drinking all night. Finally the giraffe passes out on the floor of the bar. The guy pays the tab and gets up to leave.  The bartender shouts out, “Hey! You’re not going to leave that lying on the floor, are you?”  “That’s not a lion,” the man replies. “It’s a giraffe.”
So the past, present and future walk into a bar Things got a little tense
An atheist, a vegan,and a CrossFitter walk into a bar. I only know this because they told everyone within two minutes.
Ghost walks into a bar Bartender says sorry we don't serve spirits here.
A man walks into a bar... The bartender tells him, "Instead of paying for beer normally, let's play a game."  The bartender then shows him two boxes of soda cans, one labeled Ba's Ments and another labeled Ja's Ments.   The man says, "What do the labels mean?" The bartender replies, "One of these boxes are filled with beer cans, and the other is filled with just coke - I've spray painted each so you can't tell apart from the outside. If you find the one holding the beer, you get to have the whole box for free. If you find the one holding the coke, you have to pay for the whole lot, and you don't get to take it with you."     The man attempts the challenge, and gets it right! The beer cans were in Ba's Ments!  Just goes to show that the real coke is in the Ja's Ments.
A Nazgûl walks into a bar... The barman says: 'I'm sorry, we don't serve your kind in here.' The Nazgûl replies: 'That's Wraithist.'  
A homeless man walks into a restaurant... He sits down at a table and asks to speak to the manager. The manager walks over to the man and says  "Can I help you?"  "I'm going to be honest with you. I have no money to pay for a meal. But I want to make a little wager with you. I want you to take any spoon that you want and then I want you to lick it. I will then take the same spoon and lick it as well. And if I can guess what you've had to eat today by tasting your licked spoon, then my meal is free"  The manager, rather intrigued, agrees to this ridiculous deal because he is believes that there's no way the man can pull this off. He goes to the kitchen, takes a spoon and licks it.   "Alright then. Here you go." Says the manager.   The man takes the spoon and licks it once.  "Hmmm. Chicken Parmesan, unsweetened ice tea and, for desert, chocolate cake."  "Holy hell that's exactly right! Well a deal is a deal. Order whatever you want for free."  The man eats his meal then leaves.   The next day the same man walks in to the same restaurant, sits and asks to speak to the manager again. The manager walks over to the man.   "Manager! How 'bout it? Want to make another wager?"  "You got lucky the first time. Alright. Let's do this again." Says the manager.   The manager goes back to the kitchen, finds a spoon, licks it and takes it back to the man.   "Ahhh let's see. Filet Mignon with a hint of parsley, Strawberry lemonade, and pistachio ice cream"  "... Motherfu--- Damn! Well a deal is a deal. Order anything on the menu. On the house, again, I guess".  Once again, the man eats his meal and leaves.   Next day the same thing transpires. Man walks into the restaurant, sits and asks for the manager and the manager walks over to the man.  "3rd time's the charm. What do you say?"  "Ok. I don't know what you did the first two times but this time will be different. You're on!"  The manager goes to the kitchen, gets a spoon and licks it. However, before he gives the man the spoon he takes it to one of his cooks, Maria.  "Psst, Maria. I need you to do something for me. I want you to take this spoon and shove up your, ahem, you're hoo-hah. Come on! I'll pay you double for today."  So Maria takes the spoon and swirls it around her hoo-hah and gives it to the manager. He walks over to the man and gives him the spoon. The man takes the spoon and licks it once.   "Hmmm.  Barbecue baby back ribs, a beer, Blue Moon, New York style cheescake and.... What the hell?  The homeless man, rather perplexed, licks the spoon a couple more times.  "Holy shit! Does Maria work here?"   
Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy, a loyal Canadian ally, and an old bum walk into a bar. Who is served first? The old bum. The other three don't exist.
A man walks into a bar with two women yelling at him. The bartender gets annoyed at this, and promptly kicks them out. Afterwards, the bartender walks up to the man and says, "honestly, fuck both of them." To which the man responds, "Well, I did, that's why they're so angry."
Three Guys Walk Into a Restaruant As soon as the guys are seated, without hesitation, they all whip out  thier dicks  and start rapidly Jerking thier meats. After a couple seconds,  thier server arrives to take thier orders; utterly disgusted and shocked at what she has just walked up on, the server yells "wtf do you guys think your'e doing!?!".  One guy looks up at her, and as he continues to perform rigorous stroke, he stutters " Well sweetie, the sign outside said first cum first serve"
A pun, a play on words, and a limerick walk into a bar. No joke. **The joke wasn’t there because it was busy parking the car.**
A guy walks into a bar... ...and see one old friend looking depressed at a table. Wondering what is happening, he greets him.   \- Dude what's up?   \- You won't believe what's happening to me. Two weeks ago, someone broke into my car and stole my brand new radio.   \- Any damage to the car?  \- Not at all. So I went to the store and bought a new one. And then last week, it happens again! I had spend $600 for two car radios I barely use. In fact, I only use it to learn abount traffic jams I am already stuck in... So I decided to not buy a third one. I also put a cardboard sign behind my windshield saying "NO RADIO IN THIS CAR".   \- So what's the matter?  \- This morning, I found out my car was stolen, and on the floor was my sign, where the bastard wrote "DON'T WORRY, I'LL PUT ONE IN"!  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  PS : I translated this joke I know in french, hope I didn't make any huge mistake. 
A man walks into a bar And he sees a 1 foot tall bloke dancing on the keyboard of a piano. He asks the bartender, "Where did you get the lil guy from?" The bartender replied "I got him from this wishing rock", gesturing to a small black rock on the counter.   The man asked if he can give it a try. The bartender said go ahead. The man picked up the rock and said "I want a million bucks". Suddenly they hear a terrifying racket outside. The man steps out and is flabbergasted to see the city overrun by ducks, hundreds of thousands of them, roosting everywhere and raining droppings on everything.  He steps back in and says "I think there's something wrong with your wishing rock".  The bartender says, "Did you really think I asked for a twelve inch pianist?"
A guy walks into a bar... He sits down at the bar, orders his drink and looks around the room.  In a booth in the back corner, he notices George Bush, Dick Cheney, and Condoleezza Rice sharing a few pitchers of beer.  He asks the bartender if it is actually them and it's confirmed.  So after about an hour and 5 beers later, he gathers the courage to go talk to them.  He walks up, introduces himself and asks them "What are you doing in a crappy bar like this?"  Cheney says "We're planning the next world war."  The guy asks "Well what did you have in mind?"  Rice says "We're gonna send 30,000 soldiers and a blonde with big tits in to invade Iraq."  Surprised by this, the guy says "Why in the hell are you sending a blonde with big tits?!"  At that moment, Bush leans forward and says to the other two "See, I told you nobody would care about the 30,000 soldiers."
A chicken walks into a library... And says to the librarian:  "Book,Book,Book"  The librarian hands the chicken 3 books,on the way out the chicken runs into a frog . The chicken shows the books to the frog and says  "Book,Book,Book"  The frog replies  "Reddit,Reddit,Reddit"
A lady walks into a veterinarian with a parrot A lady walks into a veterinarian with a parrot and places the parrot, stiff as a board, onto the vets desk.  "Doctor I think my parrot is sick. Please make him well again!"  The vet takes a look at the parrot and puts his stethoscope on the parrots chest and listens solemnly for a few moments before sighing.  "Ma'am I'm so sorry to tell you this but, I'm certain your parrot has passed away,"  "Nonsense!" The lady exclaims, "He was spritely and chatty just yesterday! I want a second opinion!"  The vet, taken aback by this, is a little lost for words. After a moment agasp he whistles and a yellow Labrador runs in the room. He puts both paws on the counter and sniffs the parrot, and with sad eyes looks at the vet and shakes his head.  The vet nods and the dog runs out.  "I've confirmed that your parrot is indeed dead,"  "A dog?! What is this?! I want another opinion!"  The vet sighs again and rings a little bell and a black cat runs in the room and leaps up to the desk purring. She prods the parrot with her paw and sniffs at it a little, and with sad eyes looks at the vet and shakes her head. The vet nods, gives the cat a stroke, and the cat runs out.  "Ma'am I'm afraid we've exhausted all alternatives. Your parrot is 100% dead."  "How dare you? A cat and a dog? I want you to run more tests!" yells the lady.  "Madam I have diagnosed the parrot myself, and you've had a lab report and a cat scan, what more do you need?!"  
Two hillbillies walk into a restaurant. Two hillbillies walk into a restaurant. While having a bite to eat, they talk about their moonshine operation. Suddenly, a woman at a nearby table, who is eating a sandwich, begins to cough.  After a minute or so, it becomes apparent that she is in real distress. One of the hillbillies looks at her and says, Kin ya swallar?'  The woman shakes her head no.  Then he asks, 'Kin ya breathe?' The woman begins to turn blue, and shakes her head no.  The hillbilly walks over to the woman, lifts up her dress, yanks down her drawers, and quickly gives her right butt cheek a lick with his tongue. The woman is so shocked that she has a violent spasm, and the obstruction flies out of her mouth. As she begins to breathe again, the Hillbilly walks slowly back to his table.  His partner says, 'Ya know, I'd heerd of that there 'Hind Lick Maneuver' but I ain't niver seed nobody do it!'
A man walks into a bar And says, “Ow, I just hit my head on a bar”.
A panda walks into a bar. Pandas are now endangered again.
An old blind man walks into an all-girl biker bar by mistake He finds his way to a bar stool and orders some coffee. After sitting there for a while, he yells to the waiter, "hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?"  The bar immediately falls silent. In a deep husky voice the woman next to him says, "before you tell that joke, i think it's only fair, given that you are blind, that you should know five things:  1. The bartender is a blonde girl with a baseball bat. 2. The bouncer is a blonde girl. 3. I'm a 6 foot tall 175 pound blonde woman with a black belt in karate 4. The woman sitting next to me is a blonde and a professional weight lifter. 5. The lady to your right is a blonde and a professional wrestler.  Now, think about it seriously mister, do you still wanna tell that joke?"  The blind man thinks for a second, shakes his head and mutters, "No...not if i'm gonna have to explain it five times."
So a bartender walks into a bar And the horse goes, "What's going on here?"
A woman walks into a bird shop, where there are parrots for $150, $100, and $15 The woman asked why the last one was so cheap.  "It's a repost parrot, it's been posted several times"  She buys the parrot and takes it home.  When she gets home, the parrot says "fuck me, a new OP"  Everyone laughs.  Later the parrot says "Fuck me, new upvotes!"  Finally, the parrot gets voted to the front page and says "Fuck me, the front page! I haven't been here in hours!"
A grasshopper walks into a bar. The bartender says to him, "Hey, we have a drink named after you."   The grasshopper replies, "You have a drink named Murray?"
A man walks into bar.. A man walks into bar and lost his watch.   Later he saw some guy stepping on his watch while harassing a woman.   Infuriated, he approached him and broke his nose and said "No one does that to a woman, not on my watch".
A ham sandwich walks into a bar... ...and asks the bartender "Do you serve food here?"  And the bartender says "No."
Rene Descartes walks into a bar The bartender offers Descartes a whiskey, To which he replies "hmmm I don't think..." And dissapers.
A man walks into a bar and orders a shot of whiskey in celebration of his first blowjob As the bartender discovers the man is celebrating his first blowjob the bartender offers the man another 5 free shots of whiskey for his accomplishment, the man turns around denies the offer and says 'nah thats fine, i only need one to take away the taste'
Two blondes walk into a building... ... you’d think one of them would’ve seen it. 
A panda walks into a bar A panda walks into a bar and orders some food. Upon finishing his meal, the panda pulls out a gun from his folds and points it at the patron next to him. Before the patron or the bartender realizes what’s happening, the panda pulls the trigger and gets up to leave. “What the hell are you doing?! You can’t just go around shooting people!!” Yells the bartender hysterically. The panda replies over his shoulder nonchalantly, “I’m a panda. I eats, shoots and leaves.”  For disclaimer, this is my dad’s favorite joke.
A man walks into a bar.... A man walks into a bar and see another man sitting at the bar holding a huge lighter and walks up to him.   Man 1: "Hey man, where did you get that lighter?"   Man 2: "You see, if you rub this magic lamp a genie pops out and grants you a wish."   Man 1: "No way! Let me try." He rubs the lamp and a genie pops out.   Genie: "What do you want?"   Man 1: "I want a million bucks!!"   Genie: "Done." POOF! The genie disappears back into the lamp. After a few seconds, there's a big ruckus outside the bar. A million ducks come flying through the door.   Man 1: "What the hell?! I asked for a million bucks, not a million ducks!"   Man 2: "You really think I asked for a 12 inch Bic?"
So a neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink The waiter says “for you sir, no charge”
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "I recognize you from Sex and The City".
Helen Keller walks into a bar.... And a table.....then some chairs...
Black walks into a bar A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder.  The bartender asks "where'd you get that?" Parrot says "Africa, there's millions of them".
A guy walks into a bar after a hard day at work He orders a couple of drinks, pays the bill and goes home.
A Priest, a Rabbi, a Nun, two gorillas, a leopard, a horse, two turtles, and a dragonfly walk into a bar.  Bartender yells, “What is this, some sort of joke?”
A guy walks into a bar and sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. The guy asks, "What's this about?"  The bartender replies, "Well, if you can jump up and slap the meat, you get free drinks for the rest of the night. If you miss, you pay for everyone's drinks for the next hour. You wanna do it?"  The guy replies, "Nah, the steaks are too high."
A guy walks into a bar and orders a drink. He sees another guy drinking, and notices he is sitting next to a tiny person playing a piano on the bar.  "Nice piano player" the guy says. "Where did you get that."  The drinking guy reaches into his pocket and pulls out a lamp. "Here, rub the lamp and you will get three wishes." He says. "Just make sure you speak clearly"  The guy rubs the lamp, and a genie appears. "You have three wishes" the genie says.  "A million bucks!" The guy shouts, and with the nod of the genies head, one million ducks appear in the bar, quacking and flapping about."  Disappointed the guy says, "I didn't ask for a million ducks!"  His drinking buddy leans over and mutters, "Do you think I asked for an 11 inch pianist?" 
A man walks into a bar with a cane and alligator....  The bartender stops him and says "Hold on a second here - you can't bring that animal in here, they aren't allowed!" So the man says, "But my gator here does a really cool trick..."  The bartender says "Well then, lets see!" So the man whips out his dick and shoves it in the gators mouth. He then takes his cane and starts bashing the gator in the head with it. A crowd gathers around and everyone is astonished when he pulls out his dick without a single scratch.  He looks around at the crowd and says, "Does anyone else want to try?" An old lady raises her hand and says..."Sure, but don't hit me with that stick."
A man walks into a bar And stays there my entire childhood
The seven dwarves walk into a bar The bartender immediately shows them the door and says "We don't serve miners"
A man walks into a Swedish chemist shop..... ... and asks for some deodorant. The shopkeeper says 'ball or aerosol?' The man answers 'neither, I want it for my armpits.
So a man walks into a bar... He sits down and orders a drink, when he suddenly notices a man in a booth in the corner with just a giant orange head.  He asks the bartender, "What the hell is up with that guy with the giant orange head?"  The bartender replies, "Well, if you buy him a drink, he might tell you his story."  So the man grabs another beer, sits down across from the man with the giant orange head and slides the drink across the table.  The orange headed man looks up and says, "I suppose you want to hear my story"  The man nods.  "Well, it all started about a seven months ago...I was walking on the beach when I suddenly tripped.  When I looked down I saw that I had tripped on a lamp.  So I picked it up and dusted it off when suddenly a genie flew out and shouted 'I HAVE BEEN TRAPPED IN THAT LAMP FOR EIGHT THOUSAND YEARS, FOR RELEASING ME I SHALL GRANT YOU THREE WISHES'    "So for my first wish I asked for money, and just like that I was the wealthiest man in the world.  Gold, diamonds, land, they were all mine.  "For my second wish I asked to marry the woman of my dreams, and just like that I was saying 'I do' across from the most beautiful woman in the world."  The man with the giant orange head pauses and takes another sip of his beer.  "This is where I may have made a mistake.  "For my third wish, I wished for I giant orange head."
Scotsman, Englishman, and an Irishman walk into a bar Sitting in a bar the Scotsman says, "As good as this bar is, I still prefer the pubs back home. In Glasgow, there's a wee place. The landlord goes out of his way for the locals. When you buy four drinks, he'll buy the fifth drink."       "Well," said the Englishman, "At my local in London , the barman will buy you your third drink after you buy the first two."     "Ahhh, dat's nothin'," said the Irishman, "back home in my favorite pub, the moment you set foot in the place, they'll buy you a drink, then another, all the drinks you like, actually. Then, when you've had enough drinks, they'll take you upstairs and see that you gets laid, all on the house!"     The Englishman and Scotsman were suspicious of the claims. The Irishman swore every word was true. Then the Englishman asked, "Did this actually happen to you?" "Not to me, personally, no," admitted the Irishman, "but it did happen to me sister quite a few times."
NSFW Dad walks into a room And sees his daughter masturbating with a carrot. "Daamn" - he says: "I was going to eat that later! And now it's gonna taste like carrots!!!"
NSFW Man walks into the bank... A man walks into the bank and steps up to the teller. "I would like to open a fucking checking account" The man proclaims.  "Sir, I would be happy to help you, if you would only stop using profanities" The teller replies.  "Listen lady, I want to open a goddamn checking account and I want to open it right the fuck now" The man yells.  "Sir, please" the teller pleads. Almost in tears she looks over to her manager, who is walking over having heard the commotion.  "Is there a problem here?" The manager asks.  "Yes" The man says. "I just won 500 million dollars in the powerball, and I want to open a fucking checking account"   The manager purses his lips and look toward the teller...  "And this bitch won't stop hassling you?"
So a dude walks into a bar Good ol #55380
A guy walks into a bar with a set of jumper cables the bartender says, buddy, I’ll serve you as long as you don’t start anything.
An imperialist German wrestler walks into a bar... AND HIS NAME IS JOHN VON BISMARCK!
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office wearing no clothes but covered head to toe in saran wrap The psychiatrist says "I can clearly see your nuts" 
A pirate walks into a bar... And he has a steering wheel on his crotch. the bartender asks "Hey man, whats with the wheel?" the pirate responds "Arrrr i dont know Man, Its Drivin' Me Nuts!"  EDIT: Nice one Sam...
A man walks into a bar and he sees this small man playing the piano. The man, astounded, asks the bartender why there is a small man playing the piano in the bar. The bartender pulls out a dusty old lamp and says that there is a genie in there and that he would grant one wish to anyone who frees him.  So the man walks outside the bar with the lamp, rubs it and sure enough a genie comes out. "Thank you for freeing me. For this, you can have one wish." So the man thinks for a bit and shouts, "I want a million ducks!" and as soon as he said it, money fell from the sky, hundreds and thousands of cash scattered everywhere. So the man collects all the cash and walks back into the bar to return the lamp. The bartender, who witnessed the whole event asks, "Wow, how did you know that the genie was hard of hearing?"  "Well," the man replies, "I see this joke posted here every day."
A skeleton walks into a bar and asks for a beer and a mop. And the bartender says, "What is this, a joke?"
An Irish guy walks into a pub …just kidding, he hasn't left the pub since birth
A blind man walks into a bar... ... and table, and a chair
[walks into bar] A grasshopper hops into a bar... The bartender says, " Hey! We have a drink named after you!" The grasshopper replies, "You have a drink named Steve?"
Horse walks into a bar. Bartender: why the long face?  Horse: my alcoholism is destroying my family.  
Two distraught mexicans walk into a bar when the bartender recognizes them, he goes "Ah, Desperados!"
two sheep walk into a bar.. The barman says "oi you two out of ere!" and a third sheep comes stumbling in "its 3 ewes mate!" as Bono packs up his microphome. 
A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks: “Why the long face?” The man slowly sits down after another weary day of work. Tired, and bored of the question he hears daily. He sighs, before answering “This is the thousandth time I have told told you. I feel like my life is a joke, and then continually retold to others and laughed at.”  “Funny,” the bartender paused, “I could’ve sworn the joke should be reposted differently.”
A white guy walks into a doctor's and asks to be turned into a black guy. "Ok," says the doctor, "but first we need to surgically double the size of your penis.".  The guy agrees. As he wakes up from the anesthesia, the doctor says "I'm really sorry. I accidentally shortened your penis to half its size."  "No ploblem, doesn't mattel."
A man walks into a convenience store to buy condoms... Cashier: " That will be $12.60, sir. Do you need a bag?"  Man: "No, thanks. She's not that ugly"
A man walks into a hospital to see his friend. After, asking for the room number at the reception and meeting the doctor, he goes to see his friend.       Seeing the horrible state his friend is in, he says,"Now, that's a loss of damage."
A priest, a minister, and a rabbit walk into a bar... It’s a quiet evening.  There’s no one else there.  The three friends all grab a stool, order their usual drinks, and spend the evening chatting, as they’re wont to do.  All of a sudden, from the street outside, there comes a horrendous smashing sound.  There’s been a terrible bus crash and pretty soon there are emergency vehicles everywhere.  Conversation dies away.  The minister has CPR training and goes out to help.  The priest joins him to pray for the victims.  Their friend just stays inside, feeling useless.  An EMT comes bursting in.  “Is anybody in here a universal donor?  We need to do a blood transfusion immediately!”  The bartender nudges his last customer.  “Did you hear that?  Here’s your chance to help.”  He hangs his head miserably.  “No can do.  There’s absolutely no way I can help those people.”  The bartender shakes his head in disappointment and the medic leaves.  “It’s a pity.  I could have sworn you were a type O.”  “Negative.  If I were, the joke wouldn’t be bunny.”
A pirate walks into a bar... ...with a steering wheel in his pants. A man sits down next to him, and they both drink in silence for some time, while the man works up the nerve to engage the pirate in dialogue. "Excuse me, Mr. Pirate. I... I can't help but notice... that you've got a steering wheel in your pants. If you don't mind me asking... why?"  "I can't say that I know the answer to that question, laddie," replied the pirate, "but it's driving me nuts!"
A blind man walks into a bar with his seeing eye dog He orders a beer, and sits down to drink it. After he finishes the beer, he stands up and starts swinging the dog around over his head by the leash. The bartender yells out "hey, what the fuck do you think you're doing!?" The blind man replied, "don't worry mate, I'm just having a look around."
These two guys walk into a bar... But the third one is a duck
A Polish man walks into a grocery store. And asks for a pound of Polish ham. The guy at the counter asks "are you Polish?". The Polish man says "yeah, why do you ask?" The guy behind the counter says "because this is a hardware store."
A man walks into a bar... And the bartender immediately exclaims to him  " look guy I've had a long 55 years working in this bar and I've seen literally everything you could imagine. I've had animals of every species, people of every religion and hell even deities themselves. Honestly if you are an average person and you're not about to make a terrible gimmick for a story later on, you can stay and by God you can have a drink on me!"  The man whom had walked in was caught off guard by such a sudden claim, but dissuaded the fears from the bartender.  "Oh no I'm just an average guy, here to have a drink and have a good time."  Relieved, the bartender makes good on his promise and serves the man a drink on the house, the bar's special made from single malt scotch, a blend of ice and line and a dash of punch. The man takes a sip but purses his lips from its strong and bitter taste.  "Hey this is supposed to be the bar special right? How come it tastes so harsh?"  The bartender, cleaning a glass replied promptly.  "Sorry about that, the custodian accidentally tipped some paperweight over and knocked out the pipe which carried cold punch."  The man thinks it over, grinning as he took another sip, pursed lips following once more.  "So youre telling me... There's no punchline."  "Get out."
What happens when Olly Murs walks into the hall of mirrors? Pollymurs.
A man with saran wrap pants walks into the psychiatrist's office... and the psychiatrist says "well clearly I can see your nuts."
A person walks into a hospital wearing nothing but plastic wrap around his genitals. The front desk clerk says "I can clearly see your nuts."
A man walks into a bar and orders ten shots of bourbon... The barman pours the drinks and says, "Ten?! Wow! What's the occasion?"  "First blowjob." The man replies. "Nice." Says the barman. "That is certainly something to celebrate." "Who said I was celebrating?" The man says. "Im trying to get the taste out of my mouth."
A grasshopper walks into a bar The bartender looks up and says, 'Hey! You're a grasshopper! We have a drink named after you.'    The grasshopper says, 'Really? You have a drink named Kevin?'
A blind man walks into a bar He hears two guys laughing and says “ I don’t see anything funny here”
A vegan, an atheist and a mobile dev walk into a bar You might have already noticed that...
David Hasselhoff walks into a bar and orders a drink. “It’s a pleasure to have you here, Mr Hasselhoff” said the bartender. “Just call me Hoff,” he replied. “Sure thing,” said the bartender, “No hassle.”
So a "refugee" walks into a bar... ...So a firefighter walks into the remains of a bar...
An atheist, a vegan and a crossfitter walk into a bar... I only know because they told everyone within two minutes.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "You come here a lot; are you an alcoholic?" The horse ponders this for a moment and says, "I don't think I am."  POOF! The horse disappears.  At this point, a psychology student would begin to snicker because he knows about the Descartes postulate, "I think therefore I am."  I could have told you about that at the beginning of the joke, but that would have been putting Descartes before the horse.
A feminist walks into a bar Just kidding she couldn't fit through the doorway
A Roman walks into a bar He holds two fingers up to the barman and says "five beers please"
A guy walks into a bar and asks for a Rum and Coke.. The Bartender spins around happily and says, "Why, I have just the thing for you!" he reaches under the bar and grabs an apple then hands it to the man.  The man, a little irritated, says, "Well this aint no damn Rum and Coke! This is just an apple!"  The Bartender replies with hearty confidence, "Just take a bite my friend."  The man, now curious, exclaims, "Why not?" and takes a bite.  The man looks up, the face of bliss, and says, "Good lord, this is the loveliest Rum I've ever had in my life, but I ordered rum and coke!"  The Bartender nods and replies, "Take a bite from the other side."  The man does as told and takes a bite and with eyes wide and glowing says, "My my, this is the most satisfying Coke in all the land."  A second man walks into the bar at this very moment and asks for a Vodka and orange juice.  The Bartender again with glee spins around and says, "Why I have just the thing for you!" and hands his second customer an apple.  Before the second man can reply, the first man blurts out excitedly, "Well hold on now, how many kinds of apples do you have?"  The bartender replies heartily, "An apple to suit any flavor you desire!"  The second man, now curious, takes a bite of his apple. He looks up in awe and says, "Well I'll be damned. This Orange Juice is better than even my old granny's homemade.. But where's the Vodka?"  The first man motions for the second man to turn his apple.  The second man does so and takes another bite. Again looks up in wonder and says, now a little dazed, "Better than the finest Vodka I've had in all my ages!"  Suddenly a third man bursts through the bar doors and sits down at the bar. Before he can say anything, the two men next to him start excitedly telling him all about the apples, "You can have absolutely any flavor you want!" they both exclaimed.  The third man, skeptical and with a smug look on his face says, "Anything I want eh? Are each of you willing to bet your wallet on that?"  The first and second man exchanged looks then hurriedly said, "Yes! Yes! Now order anything your heart desires!"  The third man, excited to walk home with a bundle of cash, says to the Bartender, "I want an apple that tastes like Pussy!"  The Bartender, without breaking stride grabs an apple and hands it to the third man.  The third man takes a bite and pulls his face back in horror, spitting out pieces of apple and says, "Disgusting! This tastes like shit!!"
A man walks into a bar... He sees this bucket of money on the bar and asks the bartender what’s up. Bartender tells him they have three tests laid out in order to win this money.   1. Drink this bottle of hot sauce.   2. There is a rabid dog outside with a toothache. Fix it.   3. There is a 72 year old, 450lbs woman upstairs who’s never had sex. Fix it.   Guy decides to pass and have a couple drinks. A couple hours pass by and the man is absolutely trashed and tells the bartender he’ll do it. He downs the hot sauce with ease before stumbling toward the door. “Moving on!” The bartender hears yelling and screaming and yelping. The man stumbles in, clothes shredded, bloody from head to toe, and exclaims, “now where’s the old fat lady with the toothache?!”
A roman centurion walks into a bar... ... and holds up two fingers in a V and asks "May I have 5 beers, please?"
A duck walks into a bar and asks, "Got any grapes?" The bartender, confused, tells the duck no. The duck thanks him and leaves.  The next day, the duck returns and asks, "Got any grapes?"  Again, the bartender tells him, "No -- the bar does not serve grapes, has never served grapes and, furthermore, will never serve grapes." The duck thanks him and leaves.  The next day, the duck returns, but before he can say anything, the bartender yells, "Listen, duck! This is a bar! We do not serve grapes! If you ask for grapes again, I will staple your feet to the floor!"  The duck is silent for a moment, and then asks, "Got any staples?"  Confused, the bartender says no.  "Great!" says the duck. "Got any grapes?"  - from a commercial I saw a long time ago
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink. The bartender says, For you? No charge.
A thesaurus walks into a bar , pub, inn, tavern, bistro, watering hole. 
A patient walks into a therapist's office. The patient says "You would not believe the week I've had".  The doctor says "No. You're a compulsive liar, that's why you're here." 
A ham sandwich walks into a bar. It orders a beer, but the bartender says: "Sorry, we don't serve food in here."
A preacher, an astronaut, and a cowboy walk into a bar The bartender says “What is this, a joke?”
An egg, a bacon, and a coffee walk into a bar... The bacon asks the bartender “I’d like three beers for me and my friends” the bartender replies “no way man, we don’t serve breakfast here”
A string walks into a bar with a few friends and orders a beer.  The bartender says, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve strings here."  The string goes back to his table. He ties himself in a loop and messes up the top of his hair. He walks back up to the bar and orders a beer.  The bartender squints at him and says, "Hey, aren't you a string?"  The string says, "Nope, I'm a frayed knot."
A cripple walks into a bar. Just kidding, no he doesn't. 
A font walks into a bar. The bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve your type here."
A soccer coach and a urologist walk into a bar The soccer coach complains about how he's lacking members. The urologist mentions how he used to play soccer as an adolescent male child. The soccer coach then gets the idea to temporarily hire this urologist for an upcoming game and says to the urologist "You're in!" The urologist being an expert in his fields of science confuses the sentiment and asks, "What about urine?" This misunderstanding of course is cleared up by the end of their dialogue and the urologist aids the worried soccer coach in his upcoming game 
Three men walk into the bar... They all drown
A king, a clown and a little red haired girl walk into an Italian restaurant. Last thing they want is food poisoning. 
A bear walks into a bar Bear: Give me a whiskey ... and cola.  Bartender: Why the big pause?  Bear: I was born with them.
2 people walk into a bar Bartender:What would you like sir  Man: I'll have some H2O  Bartender: What would you like other guy  Other Guy: I'll have some H2O too  Bartender: Coming Right Up!  Bartender:\*Brings First Guy Water\*  Bartender:\*Hands Second Guy Hydrogen Peroxide\*  Other Guy: Why did you give me Hydrogen Peroxide!?  Bartender:You asked for H2O2.
A pirate walks into a bar... ...and the bartender says, "Hey, I haven't seen you in a while. What happened, you look terrible!"  "Arrh – Not at ‘tall." the pirate replies, "I be fine." The bartender says, "But what about that wooden leg? You didn't have that before."  "Arrh!," says the pirate, "We were in a battle at sea and a cannon ball hit me leg. But the surgeon fixed me up, and I be fine, really."  "Yeah," says the bartender, "But what about that hook? Last time I saw you, you had both hands."  "Aye," says the pirate, "We were in another battle and we boarded the enemy ship. I was in a sword fight and me hand was cut off. But the surgeon fixed me up with this hook, and I be feeling great, really."  "Oh," says the bartender, "What about that eye patch? Last time you were in here you had both eyes." "Arrh," says the pirate, "One day when I was swabbing me deck, some gulls were flying over the ship. I looked up, and one of them--arrgh, he, pooped--in me eye."  "So?" replied the bartender, "what happened? You couldn't have lost an eye just from that!"  "Well," says the pirate, "'Twas me first day with me hook.”
A man walks into a bar in New Orleans He sits down next to a man in a jacket. Both of them are watching a preview of the upcoming nfc championship. They both start debating over who will win, and the debate turns into an argument. The man says “100 bucks my saints win!” “Your on” replied the man as he unzipped his coat to reveal black and white stripes. “Good luck I got a game to ref” replies the ref. 
A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign... A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads:   “Cheese Sandwich: $1.50   Chicken Sandwich: $2.50   Hand Job: $10.00”   He checks his wallet and says to the sexy bartender:   “Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?” he asks.   “Yes,” she purrs. “I am.”   “Well, wash your frickin’ hands,” says the man. “I want a cheese sandwich!”
A Syrian walks into a bar.. He orders a long island.
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar but the barman isn't there. He sits down at the bar and decides to eat one of the the peanuts. Sudddenly he hears a voice "You are very handsome" He looks around and he's still alone. A minute passes and he decides to have another nut and he hears the voice again. "And very well dressed" Still no one is around and he's very confused. He wants to summon the barman but he's too nervous to raise his voice so he decides to go over to the juke box and play some music to catch the barman attention. But as soon as he puts some money in he hears a voice say "You're ugly and dumb and nobody loves you!" Then the barman appears and the man says "Barman, what's going on? I ate some nuts and heard some lovely compliments but when I tried to use the jukebox I heard horrid insults" And the barman says "That's because the nuts are complimentary but the jukebox is out of order."
Two guys walk into a bar the third one ducks.
A Native American Chief Walks into a Pub One morning. He carries a shotgun and a big bull carcass with him. He sits down at the bar and starts reading the morning paper. The bartender walks over and asks him what he wants.  “Want coffee!” The chief says, proudly and firmly.  The bartender brings him a steaming mug of warm coffee. The Native American Chief downs it in three big gulps, then he stands, points his rifle at the big bull carcass, and fires. Blood and guts go everywhere. He slaps his money down on the bar and leaves.  The next morning, the bartender smiles at the shining surface of the walls and bar inside the pub he and his other coworkers have painstakingly cleaned over the previous day. The same Native American man walks in with a new bull carcass and his shotgun. Again he orders coffee, he shoots the bull carcass, and plasters blood, gore, and assorted bull parts all over the bar’s interior. He then rises, pays, and abruptly leaves.  This continues for two more days. Each time the same chief enters, drinks coffee, blasts bull carnage everywhere with his gun, and leaves the pub.  On the fifth day, the pub is in shambles. Red stains and blotches are all over the walls, having permanently stained the once immaculate interior of the pub. Customers have started to avoid the place. The bartender laments this to himself and the fact of how it is becoming such a burden to himself and the rest of the staff to have to rigorously and thoroughly clean the bar each day from the filth the chief has inflicted upon it daily.   The Native American Chief once again comes in and sits down. He once again orders coffee. When he has drunk, he once again picks up his gun and aims it at his newly killed bull carcass.   This time, the bartender runs in and, waving his arms, stops him.  “Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on a second, buddy,” the bartender implores, “what’s this behavior all about? You’ve been at this for 5 days now, coming in here and making a mess like that? How do you explain yourself???”  The chief smiles and lays down the carcass and gun and happily explains.  “I run for Congress next term. Meanwhile, I practice to become politician. I come in, drink coffee, shoot bull, leave big mess for someone else to clean up, then leave!”
A polar bear walks into an Iqaluit bar The bartender asks what he wants.   “I’ll have a...        ...Vodka”  “Alright” says the bartender “But why the long pause?”
A three legged dog walks into a bar He says "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."   Happy Father's day to all you dads of Reddit :)
A termite walks into a bar and asks... "Is the bar tender here?"
2 cops walk into a bar.... I don't know what happened after that. I got the fuck outta there.
Cersei and Jamie walk into a bar Cersei: "You needn't pay for my drinks you know"  Jamie: "Oh no, I incest"
A newly wed madam walks into an R&amp;B mystic booth.. She asks, “how will my marriage be in ten years?” To which the mystic cracks a few bones, lets off a sly giggle, then exclaims in a confident manner:  “He’s gonna be gay”
A string walks into a bar and the bartender points to a sign that says "no strings allowed". A string walks into a bar and the bartender points to a sign that says "no strings allowed".  So the string goes outside, ties himself up, messes up his hair and comes back into the bar. The bartender yells "aren't you that string I just kicked out?" The string replies "I'm a frayed knot!"
Two cars walk into a bar One can only wonder why they didn't Dodge.
A cowboy walks into a deserted saloon... And there's no tinkling waltz on the piano, no gentle buzzing about the days activities, it's empty. A mournful bartender polishes an immaculate glass and halfheartedly waves away a fat, clueless fly.  The cowboy sidled into a stool and fished a coin out of his pocket. He flicked it with his thumb, and it sang in the air before ringing out on the wooden bar.  "Say friend, you got a whiskey?"  The coin rattles to a stop, and the bartender looks up with a patient smile.  "That is," says the cowboy, "if you're not too busy."  "No sir," says the barman. "Never too busy." He pops the top off a dark bottle of rye and pours a generous glass.  The cowboy throws it back, licks his lips, and says, "My, my, my. Doesn't do any good in the bottle, does it?"  "I suppose it doesn't," says the bartender.  The fly buzzes by.  "Well!" says the cowboy, clearly itching for company. "Where in the Sam Hell is everybody?"  "Oh," says the bartender, "they're all at the hangin'."  "Hangin'?  "Hangin'."  The cowboy motions for another belt of brown, and the bartender obliges.  "Now who might they be hangin' today?"  The bartender puts his rag on his shoulder, looks the cowboy straight in the eye and says, "Sir, today they're hangin' none other than 'Brown Paper Pete'."  "Brown Paper Pete?"  "The very same."  The cowboy points to the now empty glass and makes the international 'just one more' gesture.  "That's an interesting name, isn't it?"  "It does have an air about it, sir."  "Now why do you suppose they call him that?"  "Well sir," says the bartender, "they call him 'Brown Paper Pete' because he wears a brown paper hat."  "Does he now?"  "He does."  "And if it rains?"  "He wears it all the same."  "My goodness."  "That ain't the half of it, sir! See, he also wears himself a brown paper shirt."  "A shirt?"  "And a brown paper tie. Both of which are firmly ensconced in a well-fitted brown paper frock coat. Do you want me to tell you about his pants?"  "I think I have a pretty fair idea," says the cowboy. "Would it be presumptive of me to assume that they are made of brown paper as well?"  "They are indeed. And he has a nice pair of brown paper boots, and a fine set of brown paper socks."  "It appears," says the cowboy, "that this outlaw's sobriquet is well-earned!"  "Now I don't know what that specifically means, sir. But I'll wager I agree."  The cowboy sips in silence.  The fly makes another round.  The bartender goes back to polishing the gleaming glass.  "So!" says the cowboy. "What are they hangin' him for?"  The bartender puts down the glass, wipes a smudge from the bar, looks up at the cowboy and says,  "Rustlin'."
An infectious disease walks into a bar.  Barman says, “we don't serve your type here”. Infectious disease replies, “well, you are not a very good host.”
A mirror, a condom and a grain of salt walk into a bar. The grain of salt looks at the mirror and tells him "if e I spill you get 1 year of bad luck", the mirror responds "Well, if I break you get 7 years of bad luck", then the condom interrupts and says "Well, if I break then you'll have bad luck for the rest of your days".
A narcissist, a liar, and a mentally disabled child walk into a bar. The bartender says "Good morning Mrs. Clinton!"  
An anti-Semite walks into a bar and sits down. He sees a man sitting at a table nearby wearing a Star of David and doesn't like it.  "Bartender!" he says, nodding at the Jew, "A round of the good stuff for everyone except him!"   Everyone happily receives a glass of premium scotch. The man looks over at the Jew with a smug grin.   The Jew smiles back and tips his glass.  The anti-semite loses his satisfied expression. "Bartender! Give everyone a drink of your finest, plus an appetizer!" He looks directly at the Jew and adds, "Everyone except the Jew..."  The Jewish man looks at the anti-semite, and smiles again.   Furious, the anti-semite says to the bartender, "Is that Jew just stupid or pretending to be?"   "Oh no, sir, he owns the bar."
Two Chemists Walk into a Bar “I’ll have an H2O,” one scientist says.  "I’ll have an H2O, too,” the other says.  The bartender gives them both water because he is able to distinguish the boundary tones that dictate the grammatical function of homonyms in coda position as well as pragmatic context.
A dyslexic man walks into a bar Unfortunately, the woman was not amused
A bear walks into a bar... The bear says:  “I’d like a whiskey and............................coke please.  Bartender says: “Why the big pause?”  Bear replies: “I was born with them.”  Edit:  Thanks for the upvotes! I actually lived this joke right before posting while making dinner for my kids (changed the drink and location). Here’s how it happened:  2yo Child, While holding her bear: Um, daddy?Can I have................................milk pwease?   Me: Sure sweetie, but why the big pause?!   Only I laughed...my ass off. Guess I’ll just, grin and bear all the repost comments. 
An Irishman walks into a bar But just before he enters the bar he gets stopped by an angry nun who yells, "think about your parents before you enter this bar."  the Irishman then sadly replies, "both my parents are dead."  "Then think about the damage the alcohol will do to your health!"  Now the Irishman gets a bit angry and says, "you have no right to tell me what the alcohol will do to me! Have you even tried it yourself?"  "well, no." replies the nun.  "Then I will go inside and get you a drink. After you have tried it you can tell me whatever you want." "well okay then. Then tell me what does women like me usually drink?" asks the nun.  "they will normally drink gin"  "alright. Get me some gin then, but can you get it in a cup so people don't notice?"  "okay." Says the man and enters the bar. He walks up to the bartender and says "hello Goodman. Can I have one pint and a gin? but put the gin in a cup for me will ya?"  the bartender then replies, "is that bloody nun standing outside the bar again?" 
An Indian kid tried to walk into a bar But he couldn't because the bar was set too high
A man walks into a pub with an ostrich under one arm and a cat under the other... When he approaches the bar to order a pint the cat says “I’m not paying, I’m not paying, I’m not paying!”  After the third pint with the cat refusing to pay the bar tender asks “What’s with the ostrich and the cat?”  The man replies annoyed “It’s your bloody pub, The Wishing Well. I threw a penny in the well and wished for a bird with long legs and a tight pussy”
Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a martini. Bartender says, olive or twist? 
An elderly couple walk into a fast food restaurant. They order one hamburger, one order of fries and one drink.  The old man unwraps the plain hamburger and carefully cuts it in half. He places one half in front of his wife. He then carefully counts out the fries, dividing them into two piles and neatly placing one pile in front of his wife. He takes a sip of the drink, his wife takes a sip and then sets the cup down between them. As he begins to eat his few bites of hamburger, the people around them keep looking over and whispering "That poor old couple - all they can afford is one meal for the two of them."  As the man begins to eat his fries a young man comes to the table. He politely offers to buy another meal for the old couple. The old man replies that they're just fine - they're just used to sharing everything.  The surrounding people noticed the little old lady hadn't eaten a bite. She sits there watching her husband eat and occasionally taking turns sipping the drink.  Again the young man comes over and begs them to let him buy another meal for them.  This time the old woman says "No, thank you, we are used to sharing everything."  As the old man finishes and was wipes his face neatly with the napkin, the young man again comes over to the little old lady who had yet to eat a single bite of food and asks "May I ask what is it you are waiting for?"  The old woman answers "The teeth."
A horse walks into a bar. Bartender says "why the long face?" Unable to speak, the horse shits on the floor and leaves.  
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first mathematician orders a beer  The second orders half a beer  "I don't serve half-beers" the bartender replies  "Excuse me?" Asks mathematician #2  "What kind of bar serves half-beers?" The bartender remarks. "That's ridiculous."  "Oh c'mon" says mathematician #1 "do you know how hard it is to collect an infinite number of us? Just play along"  "There are very strict laws on how I can serve drinks. I couldn't serve you half a beer even if I wanted to."  "But that's not a problem" mathematician #3 chimes in "at the end of the joke you serve us a whole number of beers. You see, when you take the sum of a continuously halving function-"  "I know how limits work" interjects the bartender  "Oh, alright then. I didn't want to assume a bartender would be familiar with such advanced mathematics"  "Are you kidding me?" The bartender replies, "you learn limits in like, 9th grade! What kind of mathematician thinks limits are advanced mathematics?"  "HE'S ON TO US" mathematician #1 screeches  Simultaneously, every mathematician opens their mouth and out pours a cloud of multicolored mosquitoes. Each mathematician is bellowing insects of a different shade.  The mosquitoes form into a singular, polychromatic swarm. "FOOLS" it booms in unison, "I WILL INFECT EVERY BEING ON THIS PATHETIC PLANET WITH MALARIA"  The bartender stands fearless against the technicolor hoard. "But wait" he inturrupts, thinking fast, "if you do that, politicians will use the catastrophe as an excuse to implement free healthcare. Think of how much that will hurt the taxpayers!"  The mosquitoes fall silent for a brief moment. "My God, you're right. We didn't think about the economy! Very well, we will not attack this dimension. FOR THE TAXPAYERS!" and with that, they vanish.  A nearby barfly stumbles over to the bartender. "How did you know that that would work?"  "It's simple really" the bartender says. "I saw that the vectors formed a gradient, and therefore must be conservative."
A bear walks into a bar He says to the bartender, "I'll have a pint of beer and a.......... packet of peanuts." The bartender asks, "Why the big pause?" 
A young boy walks into a brothel dragging a dead frog on a leash behind him A young boy walks into a brothel dragging a dead frog on a leash behind him. He goes straight up to the pimp and says: "I need a girl for an hour.".  "Haha! You've got to be joking boy, you're just a kid!" replies the pimp.  Boy throws a pack of money onto the table.  Pimp: "Well, in that case everything can be arranged just like you want."   Boy: "Good. Just make sure she has syphilis."   Pimp: "Excuse me? That's not something we can do as all our girls are clean!"  Boy throws another pack of money onto the table.  Pimp: "Alright, I'll get you one with syphilis if you insist but, before I do, tell me - why in the world do you need that?"  Boy: "You see, I'll sleep with this girl and get infected. Then I'll go home and sleep with my nanny and infect her. Dad will go to see her later on and get infected too, after which he will infect my mum during the night. When dad leaves in the morning my mum will head out to infect the milkman, which is the f**ker that KILLED MY FROG!!!" 
A sperm donor, a carpenter and Julius Caesar walk into a bar He came, he saw,he conquered.
A man walks into a brothel and asks: "Do you have something unusual?" A man walks into a brothel and asks:  - Do you have something new, something unusual? - We do, in fact! There's a girl that can suck and sing at the same time, but only with lights out!  The man agrees and pays for the girl. Enjoys the service immensely.  Before visiting again, he decides to see how she's doing it and takes a flashlight with him to the session.  He's sitting there, she's doing her thing and singing. The man pulls out his flashlight, turns it on but accidentally drops it on the table... and sees a glass of water... with an eye in it... 
A lady walks into a bar A lady walks into a bar, with a duck under her arm, and sits down at one of the bar stools. The man next to her asks   "Hey, Where'd you get that pig?"  The lady responds with  "That isn't a pig it's a duck"  The man says  "Hell, I was talking to the duck"
Two introverts walk into a room... One leaves
A biker walks into a bar... ...and sits down on a bar stool near the end of the bar.  He takes a look at the menu and it reads as follows:  Hamburger - 2.99  Cheeseburger - 3.99  Chicken Sandwich - 4.99  Hand Jobs - 19.99  The crusty old biker waves the bartender down, and up walks this tall, busty, beautiful redhead in her mid-twenties. She smiles at the biker coyly, and he asks in a quiet voice "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" The bartender blushes slightly and says "Yes, I am" with a sexy little smile. The biker grins and says "Well wash your hands, because I want a cheeseburger."
A termite walks into a bar And says is the bar *tender* here?
Another guy walks into a bar joke A guy walks into a bar wearing a Browns jersey and carrying a cat that also has a Browns jersey on with a little Browns helmet on his head, too. The guy says to the bartender, "Can my cat and I watch the Browns game here? My TV at home is broke, and my cat and I always watch the game together." The bartender replies, "Normally, cats wouldn't be allowed in the bar, but it's not very busy in here right now, so you and the cat can have a seat at the end of the bar. But, if there's any trouble with you or the cat, I'll have to ask you to leave" The guy agrees, and he and his cat start watching the game. Pretty soon the Browns kick a field goal and the excited cat jumps up on the bar and walks down the bar and gives everyone a high five. The bartender says, "Hey, that's pretty cool! What does he do for a touchdown?" The guys answers, "I don't know, I've only had him for 2 years."
A human, an elf and a dwarf walk into a bar... The Hobbit laughs and walks under it.
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar You can’t tell me that’s just a coincidence.
a guys walks into a bar and asks the bartender for 5 shots of his strongest liquor the bartender says  “what’s the occasion?”  the guy responds  “my first blowjob”  the bartender congratulations him and says “well here’s another one on the house!”  the guy says “do you think the extra shot will help take the taste out of my mouth?”
Three men walk into a bar. The first man looks like he hasn't had any sleep in days. His clothes are ragged and torn, and his face is clammy and unshaven. He sits down on the stool and slumps over in a groggy state.  The second man is in a similar state, but is wearing a suit. His tie is strewn over his shoulders, and his vest is sticking out from under the suit. He lowers himself onto the next stool and sighs.  The third man is wearing a casual sweater vest. Unlike the other two, he is clean and well-composed. His manner is cheerful, and he seems ready to burst with excitement. He practically jumps onto the stool and sits with his hands clenched, eagerly awaiting some unknown thing.  The third man looks over to the first man and asks, "Why so glum?"  "Well," he sighs, "I work at a news station in the next town over, and they just told me tomorrow's my last day."  "That's terrible!" the third man exclaims. "Why would they fire you?"  "I... made some decisions in the past... I'm not proud of them," he continues. "I was young and drunk and GODDAMNIT, I should've just waited for consent. She told the station just a few days ago... I'd completely forgotten about her up until now."  The second man looks up from undoing his tie and laughs. "HA! You think you've got it bad?! I'm running for office in the next state over, and word just got out of my advances on several underage women. I thought I'd buried those so deep that nobody could ever find them... Turns out I was wrong. I've already lost half of my supporters, and I've dropped so low in the race that I can't possibly recover."  The third man smiles and raises his hand in the air. "Bartender, drinks for these two gentlemen on the house!" He grins at them and reclines in his stool. "Looks like we have something in common, fellas."  "Really?" the first man replies, incredulous. "Why the hell are you so happy, then?"  "Well, I work at Verizon, and I've just been given consent to fuck every customer we have!"
An old pirate with a peg leg, a hook for a hand and an eye patch walks into a bar The bartender says:  ”Whoa, that’s quite a get up you got there! Tell me how you got that peg leg.”  The pirate explains:  ”Yarr! Ah lost me leg in a mighty battle with the toyal navy!”  The bartender asks:  ”Wow, how about the hand?”  Pirate:  ”’twas me old nemesis Racham the Red cut it off afore I scewerd ’im like a sow at a buffet!”  Bartender:  ”Wow, that’s quite a story! How’d you end up with the eye patch?”  Pirate:  ”Seagull shat in me eye...”  Bartender:  ”A seagull shat in your eye? Really? How bad could that be?”  Pirate:  ”Arr... ’twas the first day with me new hook...”
A man walks into a bar [NSFW] A man walks into a bar. He sees a cute girl sitting two seats down from him. He notices she is wearing a Star Wars shirt. He goes up to her and says.  "I can make you smile in 12 parsecs."  Amused, she responds with.  "Your the x-wing to my Death Star."  They keep chatting and eventually head back to his place. They decide to watch Return of the Jedi.   Once they get to the psrt where Admiral Akbar says "Its a trap!"   She says "Perfect timing."  (A trap is a person you don't know whether is a boy or girl until you get into the bedroom.)   
[NSFW] So a man walks into a brothel with donkey and a honeycomb... The brothel keeper says to the man: "You came in just the right time, we only have one woman available at the moment".   The man gets skeptical, thinking there must be something wrong with her. As the brothel keep sees the man hesitate, he quickly tells the man: "They say she got the finest bum in all of Westeros, it would be a shame to let such a chance slip away"    The man gets convinced by the brothel keep and agrees to a price. He immediately leaves the honeycomb on a shelf, ties the donkey to one of the poles that holds up the ceiling and proceed to go upstairs to the woman.     He enters a dark room, with only a curtained window and a bed. The lady inside closes the door behind him. Despite his eagerness to see this beauty he has been promised, he cannot see quite see what she looks like. As she begins to undress him and tenderly starts stroking his thighs, he gets carried away with lust.    The man and the woman then proceed to make love. After a while, the curtain falls from the window and the man realizes he has been fooled all along. The woman is old and ugly. All of what should be firm, is instead wrinkly and soggy.    Disappointed and ashamed finishes the act, before going downstairs to the brothel keep.    To his surprise he sees that the honeycomb has fallen from the shelf and on the donkey, and that the donkey is now covered in honey. Angrily, the shouts at the brothel keep: "I want my money back!" The brothel keep answers "why would you get your money back, you did finish, didn't you?"   The man then points at the donkey and exclaims: "You promised me the finest bum in Westeros! I was not even given the sweetest piece of ass in the brothel!"
A bear walks into your restaurant. What do you serve him? Anything he damn well wants
An ugly man walks into a bar and a beautiful woman approaches him... ..... the woman asks the man, "How would you like to get out of here?" and the man is stunned. He never thought a woman like her would ever approach him so he agrees. They both get into his car and drive really far. He stops at a cliff with the view of the whole city. Within seconds they start taking off their clothes. After 15 minutes of vigorous sex they finally finish. They both put their clothes on and they both just sit there awkwardly. The woman speaks up and says "I'm a prostitute and its going to be 100 dollars for my service." The man is stunned and saddened that she didn't really like him. He gives her the money and they both sit there awkwardly. The woman tells him that she is ready to leave and the man replies "I'm a taxi driver and its going to be 150 dollars for the ride here and back."
A clockwork toy walks into a bar... He has a few drinks, breaks down in sobs and says "How did I wind up here?!"
This fella and a giraffe walk into a bar The giraffe goes to sleep on the floor  The bartender says: "Oi, what's that lying there?"  The man says: "It's not a lion, it's a giraffe."
Dracula walks into a bar He orders a cup of hot water. The bartender is puzzled but obliges.The Count then pulls out a used tampon and dips it into his hot cup of water. The bartender is shocked.  "What?" said Dracula. "I'm just making tea."
An exhausted police officer walks into a bar "Rough day?" the bartender asks.  "You have no idea. We had another mass shooting ... this time down at Gap in the strip mall," the police officer says. "There were casual Ts everywhere."
A man walks into a bar... Upon entering, he notices a massive slab of meat hanging from the ceiling. He walks up to the bartender and asks, " Hey, what's up with the big chunk of meat up there?"  The bartender replies, "Its a wager. If you can jump up and hit the meat, you get an hour of free drinks, but if you miss, you pay for everyone's drinks for an hour. You wanna go?"  "No," replies the man. "The steaks are too high."
Little Johnny walks into his dad's bedroom and sees him sliding on a condom. His father tries to hide it by bending over, as if to look under the bed.   Little Johnny asks curiously, "What are you doing, Dad?"  His father quickly replies, "I thought I saw a mouse go underneath the bed."  Little Johnny replies, "What are you gonna do -- screw him?"
A pirate, two giraffes, a duck and a nun walk into a bar.. The bartender says  "Is this some kind of joke?"
A man walks into a bar. (long) Every night on the way home from work, a man visits his favorite bar and orders six shots of whiskey.  He quietly sits at the bar, drinks each shot and heads home,  One night, the guy drinks his six shots and then tells the bartender that he's had the worst week of his life and today was the worst day of his life.  He orders six more shots, drinks them down and staggers out of the bar.  The next night rolls around and the guy walks into the bar.  The bartender starts to pour and the guy says, "Sorry, but I'll have a diet Pepsi."  The bartender doesn't want to lose a steady customer and asks the guy what's wrong. Well, says the guy - "I'll never drink again.  I went home last night and I was rolling around on the floor, blowing chunks - I'll never go through that again."  The bartender tells the guy that he shouldn't stop drinking because a lot of people get sick after they drink too much.    The guy says - "You don't understand..."  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  "Chunks is my dog."
A bear walks into a bar The bear says to the bartender “Can I get a beer and....a pack of peanuts?” The bartender responds, “why the long paws?”
A piece of string walks into a bar, and asks the bartender for a beer. The bartender says ‘sorry but we don’t serve string here’  The piece of string, feeling dejected goes outside, ties himself into a knot and rubs himself up and down on a wooden light post.  He walks back inside and again asks for a drink. The bartender looks him up and down and says ‘Are you a price of string?’  To which he replies ‘No, I’m a frayed knot’
A lawyer walks into a bar And says, “Ouch!”
An overachiever, regular person, and a person who does the bare minimum walk into a bar. Or rather, the overachiever walks under the bar, the regular guy walks into the bar, and the slacker trips on the bar.
A guy walks into a proctologist’s office... The doctor asks, “what seems to be the problem?”  “Well,” the man says, “I have a piece of lettuce sticking out of my asshole.”   The doctor, with a puzzled expression on his face, says “ok, well pull down your pants and let’s have a look.” The man obliges and sure enough there is a piece of lettuce sticking out of his ass.   The doctor pulls it out and shows the man. “Is that all, Doc?” The man asks.   “Oh no,” exclaims the doctor, “that’s just the tip of the iceberg.”
Two condoms walk into a gay bar One says to the other,  “HEY! Wanna get shit faced?”
A man walks into a bar, there’s a sign on the wall that reads “Cheese Sandwhich - $1.50, Burger $3.00, Handjobs $10” The man walks up to the bar, rummaging through his wallet to find the required funds.   He notices the sign, and looks at the waitress. She’s a blonde haired and blue eyed angel.   He walks up to her and asks “Are you the one who gives the handjobs?”   She says with a grin “Oh yes I am.”   He says “Well it seems like you started with the price for the handjob and had to try to figure out how to price the other items so that the handjob costs more. 3 dollars for a cheeseburger? In a family owned pub like this, you can’t be making any money on those.”   She says “What?”   “And a dollar fifty for a cheese sandwich is ridiculous. It’s two slices of bread with a piece of cheese. Unless it’s like a grilled cheese then I would understand because it takes time to toast those but nowhere on the sign is there the word ‘grilled.’ Also, ten dollars for a handjob? Is that really how much you think of yourself? You realize that a ticked to go see Boo! A Madea Halloween costs more than a handjob from you. I can only imagine what gross dicks you’ve handled.”   She’s speechless. Then she says “So do you want a handjob or not?”   He says “No thanks, I don’t even *have* a penis.”
So a man walks into a psychiatrists office. He asks the doctor: “Doc, you have to help me! My brother thinks he’s a chicken!” The doctor replies: “Well, why didn’t you bring him along then?” The man replies: “Because I need the eggs!”
Three vampires walk into a bar... The first one says “I’ll have a pint of blood”  The second says “I’ll have one too”  The third says “I’ll have a pint of plasma”  The bartender says “So that’ll be two bloods and a blood lite?”
E-flat walks into a bar... The bartender says “Sorry we don’t serve minors”
3 Database admins walk into a NoSQL bar They soon walk out because they couldn't find a table.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says 'why the long face?' The horse said 'my wife has terminal cancer'
A hippopotamus walks into a bar. He buys a drink for the rabbit on the bar stool. She bats her eyes at him. He asks for a dance.. The rabbit says "tango?"  He says "nope.... Lets do Hip Hop!"
A hot teacher walks into a classroom of 20 boys All 40 stand up...
The Past, Present and Future walk into a bar It was tense.
An American, a Russian, a Pakistani, and an Englishmen walk into a bar The American says "I'm a CIA agent" The Russian says "I'm a KGB agent" The Englishman says "I'm an MI6 agent" The Pakistani says "I'm a newsagent"
A dad and his 11 year old son walk into a drug store... They walk down a few aisles and the son asks "dad what are those?" pointing at condoms.  The dad, wanting to be honest explains "when your older you'll need those for safe sex with girls"  "Neat!" says the boy "why do they come in so many different boxes?" he asks.  "Well let's see" the dad says picking up a box. "This is a three pack. This is for high school boys, one for Friday and two for Saturday"  "Cool!" Says the boy. "what about that one?" pointing at a larger box  The dad picks it up and says "This is a seven pack, it's for college boys, one for Monday, one for Tuesday, one for Wednesday, one for Thursday, one for Friday, one for Saturday, and one for Sunday"  "Oh wow! I can't wait for college!" the boy says with a big smile "what about that one?" pointing at the largest box.  The dad picks it up, smiles and says "that's a 12 pack that's for dad's!"  "One for January, February, March, April..."   
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
A gorilla walks into a bar A gorilla goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini.  He then walks back over to the give it to the gorilla, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a gorilla walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.   So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the gorilla notices anything."   So he walks back over to the gorilla and hands him a dollar change. The gorilla doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.   "You know," he says to the gorilla, "we don't get too many gorillas in here."   And the gorilla says, "At nineteen dollars a drink I'm not surprised."
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
Texan, Russian and New Yorker walk into a restaurant A Texan, a Russian and a New Yorker go to a restaurant in London.  The waiter tells them, "Excuse me -- if you were going to order the steak, I'm afraid there's a shortage due to the mad cow disease."  The Texan says, "What's a shortage?"  The Russian says, "What's a steak?"  The New Yorker says, "What's 'excuse me'?"  
Helen Keller walks into a bar... Then a table. Then a chair. Then a door.
A thief, a child molester and a priest walk into a bar He orders a drink
A guy walks into a international bar He sees a British girl smiling at him. So he sits next to her and guesses that she is British. Surprised she asked "How", he replied "Your teeth".
A young man walks into a bar and orders 6 shots so the bartender asks "What's the occasion?" and the young man said "my first blowjob."  The bartender says "Congrats! Let me buy you another shot!" and the young man says, "Thanks, but if six shots won't get the taste out of my mouth then the 7th won't help."
A man walks into a bar with a frog on his head... The bartender asks, "Where'd you get that thing?" Suddenly, the frog replies, "Boston, they're all over the place!"
Three men finish up a hard day at work and walk into a bar They do the same thing the next day. And the day after that. On the fourth day, they duck.
A guy walks into a bar He sees they have a promotion set up.  The promotion involves squeezing the last drop of a lemon into a glass.  The prize is a thousand dollars.    Everyone gives it a go including the strongest guy in the bar.    The guy figures he will give it a try and sure enough he wins.  Everyone is amazed because the guy was just average looking and strong man had at least two hundred pounds on him.  After winning the bar tender asks the guy what he does for a living.  The average guy responds by saying he is an IRS agent.
A QA tester walks into bar He orders a beer, another beer, 10 beers, 9999999 beers. He orders a lizard. He orders -1 beer.
A guy walks into a bar with a monkey... He orders a drink, and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything behind the bar. Then the monkey jumps on to the pool table and swallows a billiard ball.  The bartender screams at the guy, "Your monkey just ate the cue ball off my pool table -- whole!"  "Sorry," replied the guy. "He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I'll pay for everything."  The man finishes his drink, pays and leaves.  Two weeks later, he's in the bar with his pet monkey, again. He orders a drink, and the monkey starts running around the bar. The monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his ass, pulls it out and eats it.  The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks.  "Yeah," replies the guy. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures stuff first."
A greyhound walks into a bar... A greyhound walks into a bar and takes a look around. There are three horses sitting at the counter chatting away, he decides to sit close enough to overhear their conversation.  The first horse says, “I have an incredible story for you guys! I was racing last Friday, two minutes in and I am lagging in last place; my rider is very disappointed. Honestly, I lost all hope. On the last lap I slowed down a bit and felt something. Something bit me right in the ass. All of a sudden I flew past my opponents and came in first. It was incredible!”  The greyhound continued to eavesdrop, incredibly interested.  The other two horses were blown away. Horse two suddenly gets excited, “That’s so weird! I was in a race last month and was lagging in last place. Something bit my ass too! I ended up speeding up and coming in first place!”  The third horse was shocked; “This happened to me too, what is going on?!”  Not able to contain himself, the greyhound exclaimed, “You guys will never guess what happened to me in my last race!”  The horses went silent and all looked at each other surprised. One of the horses breaks the silence,  “Hey look you guys, a talking dog!”   [This is one of my dad’s favourite jokes to tell; I’m sorry. He has tears of laughter before he can even get out the punchline.]    
The past, present and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
A chicken walks into a bar.. He is having a few drinks and notices a man sitting next to him. The man says "The names bond. James Bond." To which the chicken replies " the names Ken. Chick ken."
A taxidermist from NY walks into a bar in Alabama He sits at the bar, orders a drink, and notices everyone in the bar staring at him, including the bartender.  "Is something wrong?" The man asks the bartender.  "We don't see many people coming in here dressed like you, where you from?" The bartender asks in a heavy southern drawl.  "I'm from New York. I'm here on business."  The bartender smirks, and asks "New York? What kinda business you do up in New York ?"  "Well sir, I'm a taxidermist."  "A taxeedermiss? What's that?"  "It means I mount and stuff animals."  The bartender suddenly smiles widely and yells to the patrons "it's alright boys, he's one of us!"
An antivaxxer walks into a store selling brain cells.. There were a wide variety on display  Doctor's brain -$100  Engineer's brain -$125  Normal brain - $75  Anti vaxxer's's brain- $1000  he was quite amused and asked the shop keeper.. "So how come antivaxxer's brain is worth so much?". The shopkeeper replied "because I had to crackup 100 of those bastard's heads to get this much brain cells"
A deer walks into a gay bar He comes out wasted, saying "I can't believe I blew fifty bucks back there!"
A father and son walk into a gas station... After grabbing a few snacks they walk up to the register to pay for everything.   The cashier says "sorry sir, but you have to swipe your card again."   Son: "dad, don't."   Father: *sweats profusely*   Cashier: "sir?"   Father: "but I'm not wearing a cardigan!" 
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender says "What is this, some kind of joke?"
A guy walks into a bar and sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. The guy asks, "What's this about?"      The bartender replies, "Well, if you can jump up and slap the meat, you get free drinks for the rest of the night. If you miss, you pay for everyone's drinks for the next hour. You wanna do it?"      The guy replies, "Nah, the steaks are too high." 
A Pirate walks into a bar A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his pants, a peg leg and a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender says, "Hey, you've got a steering wheel on your pants." The pirate says, "Arrrr, I know. It's driving me nuts."
Tuesday walks into a bar sits down, hangs his head, and says why me. 
Helvetica and Ariel walk into a bar The bartender says we don't serve your type here
Two Mods walk into a bar... And everyone PM's them on where their drinks are. 
An Irish Man Walks Into A Bar... ...and stumbles to the bartender. “Barkeep, Oi’ll have a point”, he slurs.  The bartender looks him over critically. “A pint? Sorry sir, but I can’t serve you. You’re clearly too drunk.”  The Irish man scrunches his eyebrows, peers at the barkeep, turns around and trips out the front door.  5 minutes later, the Irish Man stumbles in again, this time through the side door. “Barkeep! ‘Ow are ye dis foine evenin’? Oi’ll have a point, if ye will”, he says to the bartender with a smile.  “None of that charm will do you any good, sir. Off you go now. Come back when you’re more sober.”  “Bah! Foine, foine”, the Irish Man replies, turning around and knocking over a stool before stumbling out the side door.  Another five minutes pass, and the Irish Man once again saunters in, this time through the back door.  “Barkeep! Oi’ll have a drink, and make er a double!”  Having lost his patience, the bartender finally yells “Sir! I will not be serving you any alcohol, and if I see you again tonight, I’ll never serve you another drink!”  The Irish man wobbles slightly before squinting his eyes in confusion. “Alright, Alright, Oi’ll be on me way. But before Oi go, Oi’ve one question for ya”, he says, leaning in,  “How many fookin’ bars do ye work at anyway?”
A gorilla walks into a bar. Everybody freaks the hell out.
Two pieces of string walk into a bar... The first piece of string walks up to the counter and says to the barman:  'Excuse me sir, can I have a beer? The barman replies:  'Sorry, we don't serve to pieces of string here.' And the first piece of string walks away. The second piece of string walks up to the counter and says to the barman:  Excuse me, can I have a beer?' The barman, frustrated,  says:  'And I don't suppose your a piece of string too?' And the second piece of string says:  'Sorry, I'm a frayed knot.'
A man walks into a bar with a crocodile The Bartender says,  "Hey, you can't have a crocodile in my bar, get him out"! The man says,  "No, he is tame, I can prove it." The man lifts the crocodile up as the bartender says,  "I don't care, get him out of here"! The man sets the crocodile up onto the bar and unzips his pants saying, "Just watch." He then proceeds to put his dick in the crocodile's open mouth and nothing happens, the crocodile doesn't move. After maybe 2 or 3 minutes, the man says,  "See, I told you, he is harmless and tame. Now, does anyone else want to try it? I promise it's safe." At this point everyone in the bar is watching silently until one man at the end of the bar raises his hand and says, "Man, I'd love to try it, but I don't know if I can keep my mouth open for that long."
Two men walk into a bar. The third one ducks.
An indian walks into the pharmacy -Ugh, big chief, no farts.  -OK, says the clergy, here is some pills for loosening his stomach.  Two days later, the indian is back  -Ugh, big chief, no farts.  -Hmm, ok, we got these other pills, much stronger. they should help.  Two days later, the indian is back.  -Ugh, big chief, no farts  This time the clergy is a bit irritated that nothing works.  -OK, we can try one more thing, here is some nitroglycerine, that must help!  Two days later the indian comes back  -Ugh, big fart, no chief
A man walks into a library and asks for a book about female orgasm. The librarian points towards shelf G and says, "That's the spot where you'll find it."
A drunk walks into a bar, sits down and orders a double scotch, one for himself and one for everyone else in the bar including the bar tender. A little later he repeats the order. The bar tender gives him a bill for $295.00. He can't pay it so the bar tender throws him out. The next day he comes back and the bar tender says " Don't tell me, you want a drink for everyone in the house and me to,".  "No, not you too, you get to nasty when you drink."
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first mathematician orders a full glass of beer, the second orders half a glass, the third orders a quarter of a glass, and so on.  Finally, getting frustrated, the bartender pours two beers and says, "Whoa, whoa, slow down. You guys need to learn your limits."
The world’s worst impressionist walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Why the wrong face?”
Two scientists walk into a bar. The first asks for an alcoholic drink.  The second says "I'll have his drink, but with twice the alcohol content."  The second scientist died of butanol poisoning later thst day.
Michael Jackson, Jared Fogle, and Bill Cosby walk into a bar and see Chris Hansen. Michael cautiously sits down.  &amp;#x200B;  Jared hauls ass immediately.  &amp;#x200B;  Bill casually sits down and says "He can't bust me.  I only rape adults."
A man walks into a cafe and asks for a small decaf coffee with sugar and no cream The waitress leaves to fetch the coffee but returns a moment later.  “Sorry sir, we’re all out of cream. Would you prefer no milk?” 
[Walks into a bar] A forgetful women of three children walks into a bar, intensely focused on knitting a sweater for her eldest... Whoops, wrong thread.
TWD: So Glenn, Otis and Dale walk into a bar. Dale ask Otis "pass me a beer, my stomach's all over the place so I shouldn't move", Otis says "Sorry man, got a bum leg, Glenn could you walk that over?"  Glenn says "Sorry, my heads been killing me" 
a C, an E flat, and a G walk into a bar... the bartender says: sorry, we don't serve minors.
A guy walks into a bar and says to the barman, "Give me six double vodkas." The barman says, "Wow, you must have had one hell of a day."  "Yeah, I just found out my oldest son is gay."  The next day, the same guy comes into the bar and asks for six more double vodkas. When the bartender asks what's wrong, the man says, "I just found out that my youngest son is gay, too!"  On the third day, the guy comes into the bar and orders another six double vodkas. The bartender says, "Jesus! Does anyone in your family like women?"  The man downs the first drink and shakes his head, "Yeah, my wife!"
Queer walks into a deli and says to the guy behind the counter "I'd like a pound of pepperoni please" The guy behind the counter says "you want that whole or sliced?" The queer says..." whole, of course... what do you think, my asshole is a piggy bank?"
A vaping hipster aetheist vegan crossfitter walks into a bar just kidding people like that dont exist but I imagine they do so I have someone to hate other than myself haha.
Man walks into a bar Ouch!!
A man walks into a bar and sees a short man playing maple leaf rag "Wow! I've never seen anything like it!"  The bartender in the back yells, "Yeah, there's a genie in the other room"  The man, filled with awe, goes to the genie and asks for a million bucks. A million ducks start quacking around him.  The man, very confused, walks back to the bartender. "What's wrong with this genie?"  The bartender replies, "He's a little hard of hearing. Do you really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?"
Howard and Dale walk into a bar They sit down at the bar and see people scuba diving on the tv.  "So here's a question" says Howard "How come scuba divers sit on the side of the boat with their oxygen tanks facing outward, and fall backwards off the boat?"  Dale thought for a minute and then said "Thats easy, if they fell forward they'd still be in the frigging boat!"
A tall man and short man walk into a bar The tall man says ouch while the short man ducks under the bar.
A guy who hates vegans, a guy who hates atheists, and a guy who hates people who do crossfit walk into a bar.  And I know this because they won't shut the fuck up about it.  
Guy walks into a bar and orders a shot of the strongest whiskey... He drinks it quickly and then looked in his wallet. He asks for a second shot and drinks it quickly again before looking into his wallet, again. He does this for about 5 times when the bartender said, "hey bud, easy with the shots, by the way, what are you looking at in you wallet, are you short on cash? I can open up a tab for you" The guy goes, "no, no, not at all, I have money, but thanks anyways." The bartender goes, "so why are you looking into your wallet after every drink?" The guy answers, "I was looking at a picture of my wife, I figure I can go home when she starts to look good."
So a neutron walks into a bar The neutron asks the bartender how much for a drink. Bartender says "For you no charge".
An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar When the Englishman wanted to leave everybody had to
A seductive man walks into a bar and sees a pretty woman. "Waiter, offer a drink to that girl", the gallant gentleman asked.  "Dude, it's a waste of time. She's a lesbian", the waiter replied.  "Lesbian? But from what region of Lesbia?"
A blind man walks into the bakery A blind man walks into the bakery and asks for 8 poppy seed breads. While the baker gathers them for him, he asks: are you expecting any visitors? No, replies the blind man. But I’m going on vacation, and they have such lovely story’s written on them!
A man walks into a bar He wakes up in a hospital
A guy with a pumpkin head walks into a bar After the guys had a few drinks the bartender musters enough courage to ask him whats with the pumpkin head - the man says ‘oh man you wouldn’t believe it- as my fate would have it- last year I stumbled upon this genie bottle and I was granted three wishes - my first wish was to have a 100 million dollar, says the man, my second wish was to have a beautiful woman - then my third wish - oh man thats when I really messed up - I wished to have a giant pumpkin head. 
An Irish man and his Canadian friend walk into a bar The two get quite drunk. The Canadian friend says "hey, in English (Canadian) Canada is called CND, but while repeating the name to an englishman, we spell it out saying -CND, C, eh, N, eh, D, eh". The irish man laughs, so the Friend continues," what is your country's name in its native language." The name is Éire." " Éire, eh," but the friend doesn't catch his mistake. A car explodes outside. The man says to the friend," Tiocfaidh ár lá, comrade!" before leaving while putting on a Balaclava. The friend never sees him again.
A priest, a rabbi and an imam walk into a bar. They all say "oww!".
A snail walks into a bar and the bar tender says "We dont serve your kind here!" Then tosses him out the door. 2 weeks later the snail comes back... And says "Hey what was that for?" 
A woman walks into a Boots And notices that the cashier was a cheerleader at her old high school. So to impress her, she decides to buy a pack of extra-large condoms, so that the cashier'll think her boyfriend has a huge dick.   She puts her items through, and the cashier scans them without a word. Disappointed at the lack of the reaction, she starts to leave.     But just as she's passing through the doors, to her horror, she hears the cashier whisper to her coworker, "I think that tranny has a big dick".
A black man with a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar... The bar tender suprised says "Huh, where'd you get him?"  "Africa" said the parrot
Women walks into a bar and orders a double entendre. And the bar tender gives it to her
A man walks into a bar to find its full of black feathers. Its a crowbar. 
A horse walks into a bar... And *neigh*rly broke his nose. 
A Woman Walks Into a Tattoo Parlor… She says to the tattoo artist "My husband's nickname for me is Butter Buns, so I want the letter 'B' to be tattooed on each of my butt cheeks"  Later that night, she strips and bends over for her husband to show him the tattoo.  “Look Honey, I got a new tattoo today!”  He says, “Bob? Who’s Bob?”
A man walks into a tree... Two...one... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
A duck walks into a bar The bartender sees the duck and says "first a gorilla, then a horse, now this?"
A tech developer walks into the doctor's office... The doctor says, "I'm sorry I have to tell you this, but you have a micropenis."      The developer replies, "no no no, it's a **Microsoft**."
The square root of -1 walks into a bar.  The bartender looks on, amazed, and says "This is unreal."
Joe walks into a bar (Long) and sits down.  A little further down the bar from him he spies a Frenchman.  There have only been people from France in town once or twice before, and so Joe rarely sees them and has never spoken with them.  Joe's curiousity gets the best of him, and he hops down several stools to sit next to the man from France.  The man looks up from his drink, clearly surprised to see that Joe has plopped down next to him.    "Hello," said Joe. "Bonjour, monsieur," replied the Frenchman.  "I've never seen you around before, are you new here in town?" queried Joe.  The Frenchman took a moment to mull over the sentence before replying, "Oui monsieur.  I have only recently moved from France to the United States.  Pardon me, for my English is not much good yet."  "It doesn't matter," responded Joe.  He took a sip of his beer. "What occupation do you currently perpetrate in order to secure provisions for a proper way of life for yourself in this pantheon of opportunities?"  The Frenchman looked confused before he responded, "Sorry monsieur, I do not understand."  Joe thought of how he could rephrase it.  "What industry are you employed in here?" he asked.  The Frenchman looked befuddled once again before replying, "I am sorry monsieur, I do not know what you say."  Joe tried to recall his high school French to make the conversation easier on his foreign companion.  "Un grand orignal est dans le lustre de votre grand-mère?" he ventured.  The Frenchman gave a confused grin.  "You make little sense monsieur," he responded.  Joe leaned back before saying, rather dejectedly, "I give up."  A wide smile spread across the Frenchman's face as he clapped Joe on the back. "OUI! Now you speak my language!"
A man walks into a bar, But a midget walks under a bar.
An Ancient Greek man walks into his tailor’s shop with some torn togas... Tailor: Euripides?  Man: Yeah, Eumenides?  EDIT: Yes, I know togas were worn by the Romans. Greeks wore an early version of the toga called the himation, but nobody would get that joke.
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says "Why the long face ?"
A poop walks into a bar. He jumps up onto a bar stool and sits there for a moment, waiting to be served.   The barman spots the poop on the stool, looks around the bar and shouts, "HEY! How did this get here?!"   "Well, it's a long story... " says the poop, "basically, I woke up in the sewer last year and suddenly became aware of my existence. Since then I've travelled the globe and met many famous figures, including the Queen of England. I've helped doctors with their unsolved problems and cured many diseases that were thought to be incurable. I've travelled into outer space and back with some of the best astronauts in the world. I became a multi billionaire by investing in the stockmarket, then gave every penny to help children in need. Since I was in the neighbourhood, I though I'd nip into this bar, have a drink and continue my work on disproving Einstein's theory of Relativity. I haven't got long here though, I don't want to miss my appointment with the world leaders. We're making an agreement today on world peace."  The barman just stands there for a moment, mouth wide open. He looks directly at the poop and says, "You're talking shit!"
The post, the present, and the future walk into a bar Needless to say, it was tense
So a baby seal walks into a bar... and the barkeep says "What'll ya have little fella?" and the seal says "Anything but the Canadian club."
The past, present and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
An 18 year old walks into a bar with an AR-15 He gets kicked out as he is below the drinking age
A neutron walks into a bar "How much for a beer?"  The bartender says, "For you, no charge."  
A man walks into a bar. "Son of a bitch that hurts!" he says.
A skeleton walks into a bar. "What can I get you?" the bartender asks.   "A beer and a mop, please."
A gorilla walks into a bar.. A gorilla walks into a bar and says, "A scotch on the rocks, please." The gorilla hands the bartender a $10 bill. The bartender thinks to himself, "This gorilla doesn't know the prices of drinks," and gives him 15 cents change. The bartender says, "You know, we don't get too many gorillas in here."   The gorilla replies, "Well, at $9.85 a drink, I ain't coming back, either."
A man walks into a bar, he orders a Jack and Coke and it was good so he had a few more. Then he stepped outside and in his drunken stupor he falls in the bay. He prays to God, " Lord, I know I'm a drunk but please help me." A boat comes and asks him if he wants help. The man says, "No, God is going to help me." A second boat comes and the same thing happens. By the third boat the man is dead. In Heaven the man says, " God, why didn't you help me?" God says, "I did idiot, I sent two boats!"
A man walks into a bar And swears to doctors that is how it ended up inside his arse
Two guys walk into a bar Third one ducks.
"So, a guy walks into a bar..." "... He ordered some whiskey... drank it and left the place."  Husband: "... That was kinda anti-climactic."  Wife: "Well... now you know how I feel about last night."
A Green Beret walks into a Marine bar carrying a large snapping turtle under his arm... All of the Marines go quiet.      The Green Beret sets the snapping turtle on the bar, pulls out his dick and taunts the turtle with it until it latches on.      He lifts the turtle off the bar with his dick, swings it around in a circle, spins it around, slams it back on to the bar and gouges it's eyes out with his fingers, killing it.      He puts his dick back in his pants and turns to a stunned crowd of Marines.      "I bet none of you pussies can do that."      The crowd stays silent. A moment later, one of the Marines slowly raises his hand and says, "I.. I think I can sir, if you promise not to gouge my eyes out."
Guy named Eddie walks into the men's room at a bar. As he's standing at a urinal, another fellow walks up to a nearby urinal. Eddie glances over and notices the other guy has no arms; both of the sleeves of his jacket are empty and folded over. Armless guy says to Eddie, "Hey buddy, do you think you could help me out?"  "What can I do for you?" says Eddie, praying he isn't going to ask what he thinks he might. Sure enough, he does.   "I know this is a lot to ask of a complete stranger, but would you mind unbuttoning my trousers so I can take a leak? As you can see, I'm in a tight spot here."  Eddie grimaces a little before reluctantly agreeing. He quickly reaches over and undoes the guy's zipper.   Armless guy then says, "Do you think you could, you know, pull it out for me? Sorry to ask, but I'm about to piss myself.   Eddie says, "You gotta be kidding. You're asking me to grab your dick and aim it towards the pisser?"  "Please, man, I don't have any other options here."  Eddie, feeling sorry for the guy and feeling pissed off simultaneously, mutters to himself as he reaches in, and gingerly pulls out his dick. As he does, he first of all notices this putrid smell before seeing several open oozing sores on the guy's dick. Totally disgusting. While the guy is pissing, Eddie rushes over to the sink and washes his hands in hot water. As  the armless guy finishes up, Eddie grabs a couple of paper towels because he knows what's coming. Sure enough, he gets asked if he'll put it away for him.   As he tucks the guy's horrific pecker back into his trousers and buttons him up, Eddie says to the guy, "OK listen, I'm sorry but I have to ask ... What the hell is the deal with your dick?!  "Beats the shit out of me," he answers, and then produces both arms from inside his jacket and slides them into his sleeves, "But I sure as fuck don't want to touch it."
A grumpy man walks into a post office  And asks for a stamp to mail a letter.  The postman sells him the postage, and mails the letter.   A few days later the man comes back with the same letter, unopened, and asks to buy another stamp. He puts it over the old one and mails the letter again.   A couple days after that, the man comes back with the same letter, still unopened, and asks to buy another stamp. He puts it over the old one and mails the letter again.   This goes on for 3 weeks, the stamps getting thicker and the envelope turning black from old postmarks. The postman finally asks the man why he keeps mailing the same letter.   "It's to my friend Mr. Ghoaks. He's very particular. I'll have to mail it a dozen more times before old Robert will open it."  "Why on earth must you mail it so many times before he will read it?" Asks the mailman.   "Well, quite simply" says the man. "R. Ghoaks only opens reposts."
A man walks into a bar and sees a horse in the corner. [Long] He walks over to the bartender and asks why it's there. The bartender answers, "For $5 you can try to make the horse laugh. If you succeed, you take the whole pot."  The man walks over, puts in the money, and in almost no time at all the horse is laughing. The man takes the money and walks out.  Two weeks later, the man walks in again, with the same horse in the corner. The bartender calls him over, and says, "This time, you have to make him cry."  So the man walks over to the horse, and after about thirty seconds the horse is violently sobbing.  The man once more takes the pot, but before he can leave, the bartender asks him his secret.  The man replies,  "The first time, I told him my cock was bigger than his. The second time, I showed him."
This lady walks into the bank… This lady walks into the bank.  She notices it's a pretty long line for the teller, and she has to go to the bathroom.   She's new to the bank, so she asks for help and an employee points her to the ladies room.  When she gets in there she notices that all of the stalls have glass walls, which kind of freaks her out, so goes back into the lobby and asks to speak to the manager.  She explains the situation to him, and he says to her... "oh, didn't you know, this is a PNC Bank?"
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender asks, "Why the long face?"  The horse replies, "My alcoholism is destroying my family."
The mothership of all jokes, A guy walks into a bar... This guy comes into a bar, walks up to the bartender. Says, "Bartender, I got me a bet for you. I'm gonna bet you $300 that I can piss into that glass over there and not spill a single, solitary drop." The bartender looks. I mean, we're talking, like, this glass is like a good ten feet away. He says, "Now wait, let me get this strait. You're tryin' to tell me you'll bet me $300 that you can piss, standing over here, way over there into that glass, and not spill a single drop?" Customer looks up and says, "That's right." Bartender says, "Young man, you got a bet." The guy goes, "Okay, here we go. Here we go." Pulls out his thing. He's lookin' at the glass, man. He's thinkin' about the glass. He's thinkin' about the glass. Glass. He's thinkin' about the glass, glass. Thinkin' about his dick. Dick, glass, dick, glass, dick, glass, dick, glass, dick, glass, dick, glass, dick, glass. And then, *foosh*, he lets it rip. And he-he's pisses all over the place, man. He's pissin' on the bar. He pissin' on the stools, on the floor, on the phone, on the bartender! He's pissing everywhere *except* the fucking glass! Right? Okay. So, bartender, he's laughing his fuckin' ass off. He's $300 richer. He's like, "Ha, ha, ha, ha!" Piss dripping off his face. "Ha, ha, ha, ha!" He says, "You fucking idiot, man! You got it in everything except the glass! You owe me $300 punta." Guy goes, "Excuse me just one-one little second." Goes in the back of the bar. In back, there's a couple of guys playing pool. He walks over to them. Comes back to the bar. Goes, "Here you go, Mr. Bartender, 300." And the bartender's like, "What the fuck are you so happy about? You just lost $300, idiot!" The guy says, "Well, see those guys over there? I just bet them $500 a piece that I could piss on your bar, piss on your floor, piss on your phone, and piss on you, and not only would you not be mad about it, you'd be happy."
Its 2016 and a man ( or woman) walks into a bar! He turns to the bartender and says " Fuckin hell its quiet in here, has someone died!" 
Planck's constant walks into a bar... Planck's constant walks into a bar and orders dessert.   The bartender is a little surprised by this, but happens to have a couple desserts on hand.  "I can't decide," says Planck's constant. "Whenever I walk into a bar I feel divided by two pies." 
A guy walks into a bar in Mexico, and sees a sign that says "If you can make this donkey laugh we will give you $100." So the guy goes to the donkey and whispers something in his ear and the donkey starts laughing uncontrollably.  Then the guy walks straight to the bartender and collects the $100.  A week later the guy goes back to the bar and now the sign says "If you can make this donkey stop laughing we will give you $100." The bartender told the guy that the donkey hasn't stopped laughing since the last time he was in the bar. So the guy walks back to the donkey and in moments the donkey stops laughing!  The guys goes back to the bartender and collects another $100.  The bartender was in complete disbelief and asked the guy "how did you do it?"  The guy replied, "Well the first time I told him my dick was bigger than his."   "And this time?"  "I showed him."   (Sorry if you've heard this joke before, but an old friend just passed away and this was his favorite joke he told everyone)
A man walks into a bar sits down and orders a drink. He asks the bartender "are you into incest?" the bartender pours him his drink and says "relatively."
A hideously ugly man with a parrot on his shoulder walk into a bar... The bartender asks "does the animal speak?"   The parrot replies "I don't know."
A pastor, IT server admin and a Thai ladyboy walk into a bar The bartender asks him what he would like to drink.
So a redditor walks into a bar The bartender says, "what'll you have?"  "It's been so long since I've had a good laugh", replies the redditor. "I'll give you $100 if you can tell me a joke I haven't heard before."  "That sounds easy enough", replies the bartender.  "I should warn you", the redditor says, "I browse /r/jokes so I've heard them all over and over and over again".  Curious, the bartender pulls out his phone and browses /r/jokes for a few minutes.  "How about this?" he asks, "A man is driving through a remote forested area at night when his car breaks down next to an old monastery..."  "Heard it.", interrupts the redditor. "It's reposted every month."  The bartender apologies and starts scrolling on his phone for a few more minutes.  "Ooh, here we go, so why did the orangutan cross the road.. "  "Heard it!!", the redditor snaps. "that's reposted every week!"  The bartender is flustered but tries again, furiously browsing the subreddit. "Aha! This one is sure to impress.. What is Donald Trumps favorite nation? "  "No, no, no!!!", the redditor cries out. "That joke is reposted every day!"  "OK, OK, please give me one more try", the bartender pleads. He scrolls furiously through his phone. "Nope... nope... nope... YES!! This is a great one!"  "OK, lay it on me", the redditor asks eagerly.  "Here it is", the bartender replies. "So a redditor walks into a bar..."
A Joke walks into r/Jokes Again, and again, and again......   *^and ^again*
A Nazi walks into a Bar -Mitzvah. It did not go well
A horse walks into a bar... "Why the long face?" asks the bartender... The horse replies, "I can no longer make ends meet based solely on the royalties from Sex in the City."
So a redditor walks into a bra Being overweight, he actually appreciated the extra support it provided.
A wind turbine and an A/C unit walk into a bar The wind turbine asks: "Hey man! How's your job going?"  A/C unit: "ehh, it's cool but I'm not a huge fan."
A gorilla walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bar tender says, “We don’t serve gorillas here.” The gorilla tells the bar tender,  “Look,  if you don’t give me a drink, I’m gonna eat that lady at the end of the bar.  “I’m sorry, we don’t serve  gorillas here,” states the bar tender.  The gorilla goes to the end of the bar where the lady is sitting and says,  “Last chance.”  “Sorry, we don’t serve gorillas here.”  As soon as the bar tender spoke the gorilla savagely rips the lady limb from limb and eats here entire body.    The gorilla says, “How about that drink now?”  The bar tender replied, “I’m sorry we don’t serve druggies here.”  “Druggie,” questioned the gorilla?  “I’m not not a druggie, I’m a gorilla.  What makes you think I’m a druggie?”  “Because that was a bar-bitch-you-ate!”
A horse walks into a bar A horse walks into a bar and says "bartender, scotch on the rocks!" The bartender grabs the bottle and serves the horse.  The horse drinks in one sip and leaves. The guests are looking to the bartender amazed and he says bored: "Yeah, he is such a jerk, he doesn't say hi"
So an American college kid walks into a bar... ...12 dead
A SEO expert walks into a bar "a bar, bars, pub, tavern, public house, Irish pub, drinks, beer, alcohol"
A priest, a rabbi, and a chicken walk into a bar. The bartender says "Nope! We don't do jokes here, get out!" And the chicken says, "Come on guys, I know a place across the street."
A snake walks into a bar... The barman looked up and said, "How did you do that?!!"
A man walks into a bar... Ouch... That hurt
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and sits down at the counter.  'What would you like to drink sir?' asked the barmaid. 'I dunno', said the man. 'Okay. How about whisky?' she asked. 'Nah', replied the man. 'Gin?' 'No' 'Vodka?' 'Don't make me laugh' 'Rum?' 'Nope' 'Tequila?' 'Pass' 'Brandy?' 'Now that's the spirit!'
So a guy walks into his doctors office with a broken arm Man runs up to his doctor: You have to help me doc! I think I broke my arm in three different places. It hurts all over!  Doctor: Well maybe you shouldn't go to those places...  
A woman walks into a saloon and stands on a chair "Fellas! My pussy is so big that I'll give $100 to anyone who has something that I can't take."    A big cowboy gets up and takes off his size 16 cowboy boots and shoves them into her pussy. The boots are sucked right in. He grabs a flashlight and, that too, is sucked in. He puts his face in between her legs to get a better look and he gets sucked in.    Inside he hears noises. "Is someone else in here?" he asks.   "Yeah, I've been in here for a week," the voice says.   "Help me find my flashlight and we can get out of here," the cowboy says.   "Hell," says the other man, "help me find my keys and we can drive out."
A cucumber walks into a bar A cucumber walks into a bar. The bartender says, "you got any ID?" The cucumber hands him his license. The bartender looks at the picture and goes, "nice try but this is obviously a pickle."
So a poet walks into a tailors And the poet asks "Hey, can you take these pants up a few inches for me?"  The tailor looks them over for a moment and says, "I don't know, this material doesn't sew so well"  The poet is undeterred. "Im sure it's fine. Where there's a hemmingwill there's a Hemingway"
A man walks into a psychiatrists office wearing nothing but Saran-wrap... The doctor takes one look at him and says, "I can clearly see your nuts". 
An underage weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, "I'm sorry. I can't serve underage weasels."  The weasel says, "That's fine. I don't need something alcoholic. What else do you have?"  The bartender says "Oh, we have lots! We have water, pop, tea, coffee, smoothies. What would you like?"  "Pop," goes the weasel.    Edit: It's been brought to my attention that this joke was posted recently, only a few weeks ago. I apologize for the repeat — I hadn't seen it. My apologies to everyone I angered with this. To those who haven't seen it, I hope you enjoy it just the same.
A hipster Buddhist monk walks into a bar... Pulling up a chair, he realised that he was a quarter short of a beer.  Thinking quick, he pulls down his pants and sticks his finger up his ass, only to pull out a quarter coin.  Bewildered, the bartender asked the Buddhist monk how he did it, and the Buddhist monk replied:  "Change comes from within"
A man walks into a bar... ...and the bartender recognizes the man as a regular.   He says to the man, "Hey, you come drink here a lot, how about a drink on the house?".   The man replies to the bartender, "Sorry, but, I forgot my ladder".
Two chemists walk into a bar. One asks for a glass of H*_2_*O.   The other one says, "I'll have a glass of H*_2_*O too."  He dies. 
So a farmer walks into a bar with a horse... He says, "I will give any of you $1,000 if you can make my horse laugh."  A man yells, "I'll take that bet," and leads the horse into the men's room.  After a couple seconds, a loud braying laugh is heard from behind the door. The farmer screams to the man, "OK, I'll give you $2,000 if you can make my horse cry."  The man shouts, "You're on!"  After a few more seconds, the man exits with the horse trudging behind him with tears streaming down his long-snout. Flabbergasted, the farmer asks, "How did you do it?"  The man replies, "I said that my d**k was bigger than his and he laughed. Then I showed it to him."
A blind man walks into a bar The bartender looks up and says,"Hey haven't seen you in forever!". The blind man says," me too".
A horse walks into a bar... "1 whiskey" - says the horse  "Why the long face?" - the waiter asked  "My wife killed herself because of my alcoholism"
Two flies walk into a restaurant The first fly says "waiter, I'll have the poop with onions."  The second fly says "I'll also have the poop but with no onions. Onions make my breath smell bad." 
A guy walks into a bar and orders six Jägermeister shots The bartender asks him if it's a special occasion? The guy answers "Yes, my very first blowjob". The bartender gets excited and says "Congratulations, I'll give you the seventh shot on the house". The guy answers "Nah, if six Jäger shots isn't enough to get rid of the taste, the seventh wont make much of a difference".
Scrambled eggs walk into a bar The bartender says, "sorry, we don't serve breakfast here."
A guy walks into a store He sees three brains on display.  One is a Libertarian Brain, priced at $250.  The second is a Republican Brain, priced at $275.  The third is a Democrat Brain, priced at $5,000,000.  The Guy asks the sales clerk,”Man, why does the Democrat brain cost so much more than the other two?” Clerk replies,”Well, sir, that brain has never been used.
Pastor Joel Olsteen and Sheriff Joe Arpaio walk into a bar What the fuck is going on anymore.
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks what's with the long face, the horse doesn't say anything because it's a horse, it doesn't understand English and it looks confused. It walks out the bar knocking over a few tables.
A farmer walks into a bar with a horse... A farmer walks into a bar with a horse. He says, "I will give any of you $1,000 if you can make my horse laugh."  A man yells, "I'll take that bet," and leads the horse into the men's room.  After a couple seconds, a loud braying laugh is heard from behind the door. The farmer screams to the man, "OK, I'll give you $2,000 if you can make my horse cry."  The man shouts, "You're on!"  After a few more seconds, the man exits with the horse trudging behind him with tears streaming down his long-snout. Flabbergasted, the farmer asks, "How did you do it?"  The man replies, "I said that my dick was bigger than his and he laughed. Then I showed it to him."
A limbo champion walks into a bar. He got disqualified.
A blind man walks into a bar... Until someone finally helps him to find the door.
A photon walks into a hotel and is asked if he needs help with his luggage. The photon replies "No thanks, I'm travelling light."
A man walks into a bar.... "How didn't you see that stop sign?"
An agnostic walks into a bar. Or did he?
A guy walks into a bar and sees a 12 inch man playing the piano So the guy walks up to the bartender and asks  “where did you find a guy that’s a foot tall and can play the piano?”  Bartender: I wished for him  Guy: yeah, like I’m gonna believe that  Bartender: no seriously, here you make a wish  So the bartender hands the man a magical genie lamp, and all of the sudden a million ducks appear out of nowhere.   Guy: what is this I wished for a million bucks not a million ducks  Bartender: and you think I wished for a 12inch pianist. 
A priest and a nun both walk into a bar. One ducks, and the other says "ouch!".
3 ____ Walk into a Bar..... What Do You Call It? *3 white people walk into a bar........ Congress 3 black people walk into a bar........ A robbery 3 Mexicans walk into a bar........ The Cartel 3 women walk into a bar........ Jk, dishwashers don't have legs 3 Muslims walk into a bar......... 9/11 3 Jews walk into a bar......... Thrift shop 3 Jehovah's witnesses walk into a bar...... Advertising 3 Indians walk into a bar........ Tech support  Keep it going! *Im not against anyone, but people love a good laugh
A Married Man Walks into a Brothel..... NSFW A man gets dropped off by his wife at a brothel, and when he walks in he asks for the biggest black woman that madam has available.  The Madam proceeds to offer the man his pick of any young, gorgeous, and skinny women.  But he insists on a large black woman.  The madam eventually sends the man upstairs to the fourth door on the left.    When he walks in, he sees a black woman who is pushing 400lbs.  She has smile on her face and asks the man what is his pleasure.  He takes his coat off, and demands the woman take off all her clothes and lay on her back.  She does as he requests.  He then asks her to spread her legs far.  She starts to feel excited as she spreads her legs open as far as they go.  Now, he demands her to spread those beautiful pink lips.  She does as he asks, and smiles in anticipation of what is to come.    The man picks up his coat, puts in on and pays the woman for her time.  Just as he is about to leave the brothel, the black woman has come down the stairs, and along with the madam, demand what his intentions were.  He turns around, and said "My wife wants to paint our house brown with pink shutters.  I just wanted to see what it would look like before we did the job"
A man walks into a pharmacy... Man: I'm looking for those penis enlargement pills, do you carry them?  Pharmacist: Yes we do  Man: Can I get it over the counter?  Pharmacist: If you take 2 you can.
A guy walks into a bar... ... with his dog a step behind him. The bartender immediately looked up and said   "Hey, city ordinance, no animals allowed where food or drink is served!"   The guy looks apologetic, but says "I'm sorry, but this is no ordinary dog. This is my magic talking dog! Look, if I can convince you that he can understand English and respond, like a person, will you let him stay?"   The barkeep is skeptical, the patrons dubious, but it's a slow day and they've got nothing to lose. The bartender motioned a go-ahead.  "Okay, boy! Here we go. What do you call the top of a house?"  The dog responds "Rrroooff!"  "Hey, great job. Next question: how does sandpaper feel?"  "Rrruff!"  By this point the bartender has had about enough, the patrons are starting to lose interest and turn back to their cups, and the bouncer has eased to his feet.  "Okay! Wait! Okay, seriously, for real! Good boy, tell me, who was the greatest baseball player of all time?"  "Rrrrooooth!"   ... One violent eviction later, man and beast find themselves rubbing their posteriors in the alley behind the tavern. Bashful, the dog turns to the man and asks,  "DiMaggio?"
An Ohio State football player walks into a travel agency He tells the agent he’s looking to go on a vacation and the agent gestures for him to take a seat.   “How about a river cruise?” The agent asks, pointing to a poster on the wall advertising a scenic river cruise.   “Sure,” The football player says. The agent pushes a button on his desk and a belt straps the player to the chair and a door opens in the floor, dropping the player into the river below where he floats downriver.   A while later an Alabama player comes in, points to the river cruise poster and tells the agent he wants to go on that trip. The agent pushes the button and the Bama player drops down and floats down the river.   Eventually, the Alabama player catches up to the Ohio State player, who was snagged on a tree. As the Alabama player passes by, the Ohio State player asks him a question.   “Do you think they serve meals on this trip?”, the Buckeye asks.   The Alabama player responded, “Not sure, they didn’t last year.”
A clickbait journalist walks into a bar You won’t believe what happens next
Guy walks into a bar One evening a middle aged guy walks into a bar, after a long day at work, hoping to unwind while having a few drinks. As the bartender brings him his beer he happens to notice president George W Bush and VP Dick  Chaney sitting at a table in the back of the bar. Curious to know what they are doing there he buys them two beers and approaches their table. Mr President and mr vice president I bought y'all each a beer and it's an honor to meet the two of you the man says. They thank him for the gesture and then the man says " if you don't mind me asking what brings you two to this particular bar" President Bush replied, "well sir VP Chaney and I are discussing our plan for WWIII" The man surprised to hear such a reaction then says " wow!! What exactly is your plan mr President?" To which George w Bush says " well we plan to bomb and kill 1,000,000,000 Iraqis and a big titty blonde woman" the man, again in complete shock, replies "Mr President I don't mean to question your strategy and reasoning, but why would you kill a big titty blonde woman??" At which point President Bush nudges VP Chaney on the arm and says "see dick, I told you no one would give a shit about the 1,000,000,000 Iraqis" 
A pirate walks into a bar... ...and requests a grog of ale.   "Sure thing pal," says the bartender. But he sees the pirate has his ship's wheel stuck in his pants. "Mr. Pirate," he says, "you do realize your wheel is in your pants?"  The pirate looks at the bartender with a fury-induced bloodshot eye that held years of rage. "Aye...it's driving me *nuts*!"
The past, the present, and the future all walk into a bar It was tense.
A pair of fonts walk into a bar. The bartender says "Hey, we don't serve fonts here!" But they sat down anyways because they were **bold**.
An atheist, a vegan, and a crossfitter walk into a bar... I only know because they told everyone within two minutes.
A Chinese walks into a bar... A Chinese walks into a bar in America late one night and he saw Steven Spielberg.   As he was a great fan of his movies, he rushes over to him, and asks for his autograph.   Instead, Spielberg gives him a slap and says, "You Chinese people bombed our Pearl Harbour, get outta here."   The astonished Chinese man replied, "It was not the Chinese who bombed your Pearl Harbour, it was the Japanese".   "Chinese, Japanese, Taiwanese, you're all the same," replied Spielberg.   In return, the Chinese gives Spielberg a slap and says, "You sank the Titanic, my forefathers were on that ship."   Shocked, Spielberg replies, "It was the iceberg that sank the ship, not me."   The Chinese replies, "Iceberg, Spielberg, Carlsberg, you're all the same." 
A joke walks into a bar Bartender: Sorry, we don't serve reposts here.
Luke and Obi-Wan walk into a Chinese restaurant. Luke and Obi-Wan walk into a Chinese restaurant. Ten minutes into the meal, Luke’s still having trouble with the chopsticks, dropping food everywhere. Obi-Wan finally snaps, “Use the forks, Luke.”
David Bowie, Prince, Leonard Cohen, and George Michael walk into a bar... Oh, wait. No they didn't. Fuck 2016!
A man walks into a bar After a few hours he gets so drunk that he throws up on his own shirt. He walks up to the bartender and says, "My wife is going to be so pissed that I threw up on myself again." The bartender then says, "Dont worry, take ten dollars and put it in your pocket. When you get home tell her that some drunk threw up on you and gave you ten dollars to get your shirt dry cleaned." Later on that night the man goes home and says to his wife, "Honey, some drunk threw up on my shirt and he gave ten dollars to get my shirt dry cleaned." He then hands her the bill. She looks at it and says, "This is a twenty dollar bill!" The man then says, "Oh yeah he shit in my pants too."
A blind mind accidentally walk into a fish market and says "Where'd all these women come from suddenly?"
Immigration agents walk into a bar to do a search. They are sent to Google by the search bar trafficking redirection. 
Lady walks into a pharmacy and asks for throat lozenges... Pharmacist says, "Sorry, we only have menthol."
A blind man walks into a bar... ...and a chair...and a guy...and a table...
A guy walks into a bar... with his pet monkey.  He orders a drink, and while he’s drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything behind the bar. The monkey jumps on to the pool table and swallows a billiard ball. The bartender starts screaming at the guy, “Your monkey just ate the cue ball of my pool table - whole!” “Sorry”, replied the man, “He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I’ll pay for everything.” The man finishes his brink, pays, and leaves. Two weeks later, he’s in the bar with his monkey, again. He orders a drink, and the monkey starts running around the bar. The monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs the cherry, stickers it up his ass, and eats it. The bartender is disgusted. “Did you see what your monkey did now?”, he asked. “Yeah”, replies the man. “He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed the cue ball, he measures stuff first.”  Edit: I can’t spell. 
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar. You can't tell me that's just a coincidence...
An E, F Sharp, G, A, B, C, D, and another E walk into a bar. The bartender shakes his head and says, “sorry, we don’t serve minors here.”
Three frat guys walk into a whorehouse... ...and approach the madam. Having spent almost all their money on tank tops and steroids, they are trying to stretch a buck.  “Sup. What can we get for $16?” asks Thad.   “We don’t have anything for you for $16,” says the madam.   “Fuck this shit,” says Branson, “Let’s hit the gym.” He, Thad, and Tayden start to leave.  “Wait!” says the madam, “There may be something. We had a young girl overdose about a month ago, and we haven’t yet disposed of her body. For $16, you can all go have sex with her corpse.”  The frat guys were predictably not dissuaded by an unresponsive sexual partner, and decide to take turns having sex with the corpse. Thad goes up, does his business, and comes back to tag in his bro Tayden. Tayden goes upstairs, does his thing, and comes down to tag in Branson.  Branson heads upstairs, and comes running back downstairs with a panicked look in his eyes. The madam becomes very concerned.   Branson screams “DUDE, YOU GUYS — THAT BITCH ISN’T DEAD!” he shouts. “THAT BITCH’S NOSE IS RUNNING!”  The madam heaves a sigh of relief, and says “She’s just full.”
A median and a mode walk into a bar. The bartender says, “I’m glad you dumped your buddy. He’s mean.”
Two jellyfish walk into a bar The bartender looks at them, pours two shots, slams them down, and says, "cni-dare-ya."
A faster-than-light particle walks into a bar. The bartender... is born.
A weasel walks into a bar... The bartender looks up and says "wow! in all my years of tending bar, I've never had a weasel stop by, what can I get you?"   "Pop," goes the weasel.
A man walks into a bar and faceplants into a stool. Now he's completely shitfaced.
A man walks into a bar ...and he has no clothes on his back. The bartender tells him that he needs to leave because they don’t allow nudity in the bar. The man pulls up his wrist and points to his watch.  “Relax, I’m not *completely* naked.” He says.
A guy walks into a bar, orders 12 shots and starts drinking them as fast as he can... The bartender asks, "Dang, why are you drinking so fast?"     The guy says, "You would be drinking fast, too, if you had what I had."     The bartender asks, "What do you have?"     The guy says, "75 cents." 
An athlete walks into a bar And gets eliminated from the high jump competition
A man walks into a bar with his dog A man walks into a bar with his dog. He orders a drink, and the patron next to him strikes up a conversation.  "Hey, that's a pretty sweet dog. What's his name?"  "Oh, it's Georgie. And you have no idea. This dog can actually talk," responds his owner.  The patron decides to call his bluff. "Oh, bull shit. Here, I'll make you a bet. If your dog can talk I'll give you $1000 on the spot."  So the dog's owner takes him up on it. He kneels down next to his dog and asks him a question. "Georgie, tell me: who's the best baseball player of all time?"  The dog immediately barks "Ruth! Ruth!"  The patron rolls his eyes. "Fuck you and your bullshit. You're not getting a penny from me," he shouts, walking away.  The owner shrugs and looks down at his dog. The dog looks back up and says "DiMaggio?"
A blone walks into a doctor office... A blone walks into a doctor office, and both of her ears are burned  The doctor asks what happened?  The blonde replies I was ironing and got a phone call and picked up the wrong one  The other ear?  They called back...
A man and his hippo walk into a bar It's about 5pm, but they're ready for a good night of drinking. They start off slowly, watching TV, drinking beer, eating peanuts. As the night goes on they move to mixed drinks, and then shooters, one after the other. Finally, the bartender says: "Last call." So, the man says, "One more for me... and one more for my hippopotamus." The bartender sets them up and they shoot them back. Suddenly, the hippopotamus falls over dead. The man throws some money on the bar, puts on his coat and starts to leave. The bartender, yells: "Hey buddy, you can't just leave that lyin' there." To which the man replies: "That's not a lion, that's a hippopotamus." 
A pharmacist walks into his sho The pharmacist finds a man leaning against the wall.  “What’s wrong with him?” He asks his assistant.  “He came in for some cough syrup,” explains the assistant. “But I couldn’t find any, so I sold him a bottle of laxatives instead.”   “What!” The pharmacist says, horrified. “You can’t treat a cough with laxatives!”  “Of course you can,” the assistant declares. “Look at him - he’s far too scared to cough.” 
A sheep, a percussion instrument, and a rattlesnake walk into a bar... Baaa-Drum-Thhsssssss!
Guy walks into a bar and orders a fruit punch. Bartender says "Pal, if you want a punch you'll have to stand in line" Guy looks around, but there is no punch line.
A man walks into a police station to report the disappearance of his wife... After taking down the details, the sergeant says, *"Don't worry sir, we'll find her. Is there any message you want us to give her?"*  *"Just one,"* he replied. *"Please tell her my mother decided not to come after all!"*
Two lions, two tigers, and a Jaguar walk into a bar... They see the bartender and eat him.      So much for staying inside....
A man walks into the dentist's office A man walks into the dentist's office for a regular checkup, and the dentist notices some pretty bad cavities. The dentist  convinces the man to get the cavities removed during the appointment due to their severity. When it comes around time for the surgery, the anesthesiologist appears with a needle to which the man says "Sorry, I dont do needles." "No problem, we can just use gas" says the anesthesiologist. "Actually, I also would rather not breathe toxic gas" says the man. The dentist and anesthesiologist give eachother one glance and the anesthesiologist pulls out a blue pill. The man asks, "what's that for?" The dentist smiles and says, "this gives you something to hold onto."
An infinite number of people walk into a bar The first person orders a beer, the second half a beer, the third a quarter and so on.   The bartender hands them two beers and says "know your limits". 
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar and sees a jar full of twenty dollar bills on the counter. He asks the bartender what it's for and the bartender goes on to explain that if you put $20 in the jar and complete a challenge you get to keep all the money in the jar. The guy says what the hell and puts $20 in the jar and asks what the challenge is. The bartender says that you need to go outside and punch a cop, then come back here and we will lock you in a room with a pit bull and you have to pull a tooth out of its mouth, finally you need to fuck and old lady. The guy says ok then runs around and punches a cop square in the sack. He runs back to the bar and goes to the back room where the pit bull is. They lock him in and they start to hear screaming and howling and after a good 10 minutes the guy comes out all bloody and asks the bartender where the lady he has to pull the tooth out of is. 
A Bear walks into a Bar..... A bear walks into a bar and that bear says to the bartender,    "I'll have a pint of beer and a.........."  The bartender waits for the order.  The Bear continues, "...and a, ummm........"   The bartender, growing increasingly impatient, asks,    "Why the big pause?" 
Hydrogen atom walks into a bar and says to the barman: “Have you seen an electron? I've lost mine"  Barman:"You sure?"  H.A.: "I'm positive"  Yeah..sorry 'bout that.
A quantum particle walks into two bars. In one, he has a few drinks, becomes the life of the party, gets lucky and has a splendid time.   In the other he drinks too much, picks a fight with the wrong company and ends up beaten to half of his life.  The next day, he happens to meet an old buddy. After some very small talk, his friend asks  " hey, so what did you do last night?"  the particle, bruised and beaten shouts "DAMN IT MAN did you have to ask!!"  
A mushroom walks into a bar. Bartender says "we don't serve your kind here" mushroom says "but, I'm on the menu!"
A blind man and his seeing eye dog walks into a shop He stops in the middle of the shop and proceeds to bend down to pick up his dog.  He then grabs the leash and starts swinging the dog over his head.  An employee rushes over and asks the blind man, "What the hell are you doing?!?".  The blind man replies, "Just looking around"
A man walks into a barbershop and says, do you cut pubic hair? The Barber, a little taken back, says, "well, sure, why not?"   The man bares his teeth and says, "Great. Can you get this one?"
A naked lady walks into a bar with a parrot on her shoulder. The bartender says That's a nice pig you got there. The woman says it's not a pig it's a parrot. The bartender says I was talking to the parrot.
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm. He tells bartender: "I'll have a beer, and one for the road."
A BuzzFeed writer walks into a bar... 95% of americans were shocked to find out what happened next.
Two time travellers walk into a bar One says to the other: "I think this is out of order."
A man walks into a bar and sees that the bartender is a horse. He keeps staring at the horse and then looks away when the horse catches him staring. Finally, the horse had enough and screamed "WHAT?!?! Haven't you ever seen a horse who is a bartender??"   The man shakes his head in disbelief and says "no...I just never thought the parrot would quit his job."
Two thieves walk into an amputee clinic. "Everybody put your hand up!" 
An American walks into a bar And doesn't even file a lawsuit
A Sega console, a Nintendo console and an Atari walk into a medieval tavern. Because they're ancient, lol
A man walks into a bar he sits down at the bar and orders a drink. out of his shirt pocket he pulls out a little man and out of his pants pocket he pulls a little piano with a bench. He sets them on the bar and the little man proceeds to play the piano. The bartender is amazed and asks where he got them. The man pulls an oil lamp out of another pocket and tells the bartender he found this lamp with a genie inside. The bartender asks if he can give it a try. The man shrugs and hands over the lamp. The bartender rubs the lamp and says, "I wish I had a million bucks" and poof! in a puff of smoke the bar is suddenly filled with ducks. "what gives?" asked the bartender. The man explains, "the Genie is a little hard of hearing. Do you think I would really wish for a 12 inch pianist.
A woman walks into a lawyer's office... A woman walks into a lawyer's office and says, "I want to sue a band. They stole a song I wrote, and I can prove I wrote it."  "I might be able to help you," says the lawyer. "What band was it?"  "U2," she replies.  The lawyer shakes his head and says, "Sorry, ma'am, but I only work pro-Bono."
A pirate walks into a bar. Orders a double Rum. Bartender takes a second look at him and says, "Umm.. Sorry but  I couldn't help but notice that you have a ships steering wheel sticking out of the front of your pants..."  ”Aaaarrrr.... Ye'ar correct.  It's beeen drivin' me nuts." 
Guy walks into a bar with an octopus under his arm Bartender says "what's up with the octopus?" Guy says "this octopus can play any musical instrument you put in front of him." There's a band on the stage, so the guitar player walks up and puts down his guitar. Tentacles start flying, and the guitar starts making the most beautiful sounds you ever heard from a guitar in your life. Sax player walks up and puts down his saxophone. Tentacles start flying, and the next thing you know, he's playing the saxophone like a master. At the back of the bar is an old Scottish man, who walks up in his kilt and lays a bagpipe in front of the octopus. Tentacles start flying, but no noise is happening. The guy, nervous, says "come on octopus, what's going on?" Octopus goes "dude, I'm trying to get her pajamas off, you mind?"
Two men walk into a bar They play Russian roulette, then he leaves. 
Two men walk into a bar You think at least one of them would have seen it
Another guy walks into a bar with an octopus under his arm. Barman says "what's with this octopus?"   "This is the sick squid I owe you." Says the guy.  
A piece of rope walks into a bar. The bartender says, "We don't serve your kind around here." The rope walks out back, ties himself up, and unravels his ends. The rope walks back into the bar. The bartender says, "Aren't you that rope that was just in here a minute ago?" The rope says, "Nope. I'm a frayed knot."
A man walks into a zoo.. The only animal at the zoo is a dog.  It's a shih tzu.
Three men walk into a bar... The fourth one ducks.
A drunk man walks into a library He stumbles to the counter and says to the librarian, "I'll have a double cheeseburger please." Confused the librarian says, "Sir, this is a library." Clearing his throat, "oh sorry. ᴵ'ˡˡ ʰᵃᵛᵉ ᵃ ᵈᵒᵘᵇˡᵉ ᶜʰᵉᵉˢᵉᵇᵘʳᵍᵉʳ ᵖˡᵉᵃˢᵉ."
"Walks into a bar...." 1) A Roman walks into a bar and holds up 2 fingers, "5 beers please!"  2) A blind man walks into a bar  3) A dyslexic walks into a bra  (My 3 favorite bar jokes)
A man walks into a doctors practice The man approaches the doctor and says, " help doc, ive been raped by an elephant" the doctor looks him up and down and says"i dont believe you, can you prove it?, the man turns around, drops his trousers and presents his asshole, which is the size of a dinner plate, the doctor looks at him and says "that doesnt make any sense, an elephants penis is only as thick as your wrist, yeah the man replied, but it fingered me first
A centrist walks into a bar. He should have gone around it.
A beaver walks into a bar A beaver walks into a bar and asks “where’s the bar tender?”
A pirate walks into a bar and has a steering wheel down his pants... The bartender asks the pirate: "Isn't that annoying?"  The pirate responds: "Arrr it's driving me nuts!"
A man walks into a bar He asks the bartender, "If I can show you something amazing, will you let me have a free drink?" The bartender plays along and replies, "Sure".   The man opens his jacket and out hops a frog. The frog runs over to the piano in the back of the bar and hops around the keys playing Mozart, Beethoven, Bach, and even taking requests. The bartender is stunned and gets the man his drink. After he finishes it, the man asks, "If I can show you something even more amazing, will you let me have another free drink?" The bartender is so amazed already, that he says, "If it's more amazing than that, I'll let you drink free for life!"  So the man opens his jacket and pulls out a hamster and sets it on the ground. It runs over to the piano, climbs on top and starts singing. The hamster sings opera, show tunes, even a little pop, and it takes requests. A woman runs over to the man and asks if she can buy the hamster for 500$. The man agrees, and the woman takes the hamster. The bartender is shocked and asks, "Why'd you sell that hamster for only 500$? You could've made millions!"  The man leans in close and says, "The frog is a ventriloquist".
A Pirate walks into a bar... with a steering wheel in his pants.   Bartender: Hey pirate! You got a steering wheel in your pants!  Pirate: Arrrr! It's driving me nuts!!!!
A man blind man walks into a bar And a table and a chair and…
Guy walks into a bar with his pet alligator, and the bartender tells him to leave Guy says the alligator is trained, and puts his hand in its mouth  Bartender still tells him to leave.  Guy then puts his head in the alligator’s mouth.  Bartender says the alligator is dangerous and he needs to leave.    In a final display, the guy unzips, puts his pecker in the alligator’s mouth, grabs a beer bottle and bashes its head.  The guy says “look, it’s perfectly safe. Does anyone else want to try?”  A lady at the end of the bar raises her hand and says “I will, but don’t hit me on the head so hard”
So a blind guy walks into a bar... We had to call an ambulance for the poor guy.
A white guy walks into a bar... exam. He passes and becomes a well respected lawyer. 
A drunk priest walks into a bar and begins his sermon. The bartender says "Dude, you're at the wrong place"  "Can you shut up, I'm trying to hold a fuckin' speech over here" he replies. "This isn't a church, you're at my bar, can you please leave?" the bartender continues. "If you continue disturbing me, I'm going to throw you out of this god damn place" the priest says. "Throw me out off my own fuckin' place? Are you drunk?" "No... I am Jesus." "Jesus?! Alright then... I'm getting the fuckin' cross."  I just invented this joke, it was difficult finding a good punchline. Please don't go hard on me. 
An American walks into a local in England The American walks up to the bartender and orders a pint of beer. The pub is filled with regulars playing darts and Downing pints of beer. When all at once someone from the back corner shout out the number 52 and the entire bar erupted in laughter slaps up on the shoulders and enjoying each other left and right then everybody goes back to their drinks and the activities continue around the pub. The American looks kind of stunned atwhat he  just witnessed thought it was kind of very odd indeed after a few minutes of drinking more of the beer he had heard somebody from the other side of the pub shout out " 19" and again all that where there erupted with loud laughter .  Once again the American was stunned at what had just happen. This happened once more then the American asked the bar keeper " why does everyone in the bar laugh when someone shouts out a number"? The barkeep explains that everyone here has known each other most of their entire lives and what they all know the same jokes and because they all know the same jokes instead of them wasting their time telling the same joke they just number them and when someone wants to tell a joke they just shout out the number of the joke.   The American order another pint, and takes a drink, and shouts out "26". No one laughs. He call the bar keep back over and asks why one laughed?  The barkeep says well mate some people know how to tell a joke some people don't.
Helen Keller walks into a bar... then a table, then a chair.
An autistic and a vegan walk into a bar You only know because they mention it every other sentence 
A guy walks into a bar... At the other end of the bar, he sees a sailor with a head the size of an orange. Curious, he puts a few drinks back and builds up the courage to ask the guy what happened.  Sailor: Many years ago, I was on a ship that capsized on a deserted island. When I came to, I heard a whimpering sound coming from behind a giant rock. When I went to investigate, I found a mermaid! She offered me three wishes if I would bring her back to the water. So, I picked her up and brought her to the ocean. She asked for my first wish, and of course, I asked to be sent home. She said "after I grant your other wishes, you'll return home".  Next, I wished to be rich. She said "when you return home, your home will be filled with gold!".  Now, I hadn't seen a woman in a long time at that point and the mermaid was quite beautiful. So, I asked if we could fool around. She pointed at her tail and said "well, as you can see, I'm not made for that."  So, I said "that's fine, how about a little head?"
A duck walks into abar A duck walks into a bar. The duck asks, "Got any grapes?" Then the bartender says "Sorry. I cannot help you with that." Then the duck leaves. Then the next day the duck comes back. "Got any grapes?" "No, and if you ask that again, ill nail your feet to the floor!" The duck comes back again. "Got any nails?" "No." "Got any grapes?"  
A rabbi, a priest, and a Lutheran minister walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says, "Is this some kind of joke?"
A skeleton walks into a bar He orders a beer and a mop
An Aardvark walks into a bar Bartender: Can I get you a beer?  Aardvark: Noooooooooooo  Bartender: Can I get you some wine?  Aardvark: Noooooooooooooo  Bartender: Well, how about a whiskey?  Aardvark: Nooooooooooooooooooooo  Bartender: What's with the long Nos?
A man walks Into a library and asks “can I have some fish and chips please?” The librarian replies “sir, this is a library” “Oh sorry!” *whispers* “can I have some fish and chips?”
A bear walks into a bar And orders a whisky and . . . . . . . . . Coke  Bartender: Why the big pause?  Bear: I don't know. I was just born with them
A man walks into a bank... He walks up to the teller and says “I want to open a fucking account”  The teller replies “ok sir, but there’s no reason to use that kind of language”  The man then says “listen, I just want to open a mother fucking account ok?”  The teller is now fuming says to him “I’m going to have to get my manager”  She goes off to get her manager and tells him about this guys rude behavior.  The manager asks the man what seems to be the problem.  The man simply states “I won the lottery and all I want to do is open a fucking account”  “I see,” says the manager who turns and faces the teller and says “and this BITCH is giving you trouble?”
A guy walks into a bar after a long day at work... ...and orders a drink. As he sits there, mulling over his day, he hears a high-pitched voice say, "That shirt looks great on you!”   The man looks around, doesn’t see anything, and returns to his drink thinking nothing more of it.   But then, a moment later, the voice returns, this time offering, “You seem like a really cool guy!”   Again, the man looks around, sees nothing, and returns to his drink, wondering if he should get checked out by a professional. Finally, when his nerves have cooled and he believes the voice is gone, he hears, “I bet your parents are really proud of you!”   He slams down his drink and looks around wildly. Frustrated and finding no possible source of the voice, he calls over the bartender.   He says, “Hey barkeep! What’s that voice I keep hearing?”    “Oh, those are the peanuts,” the bartender replies. “They’re complimentary.”
E-flat walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don't serve minors.”
A horse walks into a bar. The shocked bartender points a finger his way in alarm and yells, “Hey!”   The horse says, “You read my mind, buddy.”
A mushroom walks into a bar and orders a drink... ...but the bartender yells at him to get out before he stinks up the place. The mushroom looks taken aback and says, “Why? I’m a fun guy.”
A sandwich walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here.”
The past, present and future walk into a bar. It was tense.  
Giraffe walks into a bar Says, Hi-balls on me
Steve Irwin walks into a bar, no wait, it was a stingray
a ballerina walks into a barre she is visually impaired and this is a new studio for her so she was not exactly familiar with her surroundings
A Pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel stuck between his legs. Bartender: What's with the steering wheel?  Pirate: Arr, it's drivin' me nuts!
How many "a man walks into a bar" jokes does it take to change a lightbulb? One, but you can be sure a whole Reddit community will appear to expand the joke, make it funnier and eventually run it into the ground.
A strongly built and enraged man walks into a bar .... and yells out to a group of drunks: "WHICH ONE OF YOU IS JOHNNY???!" One of the drunks raises his hand and slurs: "I'm Johnny."  The man quickly proceeds to beat the living hell out of the drunk man. When he is done, he warns:  "That'll teach you to never do that again." And the man walks out of the bar.   The drunk man starts laughing uncontrollably when one of his drunk friends walks over to ask him:  "What's so funny? You just got the shit kicked out of you!"   The drunk man on the floor says: "That guy is so stupid. My name is not Johnny."
A man walks into a bar. He bashed his head. What did you think would have happened?
100 Lumberjacks walk into a Pirate bar... The Pirate bartender looks at them and says; **Well shiver me timbers!!**
Three strings walk into a bar... The first string says, "I'll have your strongest beer." The bartender says, "Are you a string?" The first string says "Why, yes, I am." The bartender says, "We don't serve strings here. Get out!" The seconds string says, "I'll have whatever you've got." The bartender says, "Are you a string?" The second string says "Yeah. Why?" The bartender says, "We don't serve strings here. Get out!" The third string, seeing what happened to the first two strings, quickly hurries home. He decides to disguise himself. He frays his edges slightly, then ties himself into a knot. He walks into the bar casually. "I'll have your most popular drink." The bartender narrows his eyes, and asks, "Are you a string?" The string replies, "I'm a frayed knot."
A man walks into a library... ...  and says to the librarian, "Do you have that book for men with small penises?"  The librarian looks on her computer and says, "I Don't Know if it's in, Yet."  "Yeah, that's the one!" he replies.
What does Michael Bolton say when he walks into an elevator? "This place rocks!"
A redditor walks into a bar. A redditor walks into a bar.   He looks for the most popular guy there and says, "I'll have what he's having."
2 Redditors walk into a bar... Which is funny because you'd think the 2nd guy would have seen the 1st one do it!
A priest, a paedophile and a rapist walk into a bar... He orders a drink
A blind man walks into a bar ..and into a table and a chair.
A rapist, a sexist and a racist walk into a bar Barman: How can I help you Mr. President?
Two scientists walk into a bar Scientist 1: I'll take H2O.  Scientist 2: I'll take H2O too.  He died
A bear walks into a bar... A bear walks into a bar and the bartender asks him what he wants to drink.   "I'll have a coke.............. and whiskey." Says the bear.   "Why such the big pause?" Asks the bartender.   The bear holds up his hands and says; "Because I'm a bear!"
A man walks into a bar and sees Hitler and Stalin. A man walks into a bar and sees Hitler and Stalin at a table. He asks them what they were doing and was told that they were planning WW3. Hitler says, "We are going to kill 15 million jews, and a bicycle repairman." The man, confused asks, "Why the bicycle repairman?" Hitler turns to Stalin and tells him, "See? I told you no one would care about the 15 million Jews!"
Three logicians walk into a bar and the barman asks "are you all having a beer?" The first one says " I don't know." The second one says "I don't know." The third one says "No."
The past,present and future walk into a bar. it was tense
A sadist and a masochist walk into a dentists office... The sadist asks for a job and the masochist asks for an appointment with the new guy.
A blind guy walks into a bar. He sits down, orders a beer and after a while asks the bartender if she wants to hear a blonde joke. The barkeep replies, "Before you say anything else, you should probably know that I'm a blonde. So is the woman sitting next to you. There are also a couple of blondes playing pool behind you, one of them is twice your size. So, you still wanna tell the joke?" The blind guy pauses for a second, then shakes his head and replies, "Goodness, no. I don't want to have to explain it four times."
A man with a high voice walks into a bar - can I have a beer please?   He said in a high voice. The rest of the people in the bar made fun of him for having such a high voice. Then the man visited the doctor.   - Doctor I have a high voice and everybody makes fun of me   To which the doctor replied with:   - Don't worry, here have this cucumber and shove it up your ass, It will make your voice sound heavier   The man shoved the cucumber up his ass and his voice changed to heavier   - **Thanks Doc**   He said with a heavy voice   The next day he shoved the cucumber up his ass went to the bar again    - **One beer please**   Everybody admired him for his heavy voice. He kept going to the bar with the cucumber up his ass everyday but one day he forgets it at home, He quickly rushes back home and asks his wife   - Where is my cucumber?   to which his wife replies with a heavy voice:   - **I don't know, keep looking**
Snake walks into a bar. And the bartender says ''How did you do that?''
A man walks into a bar... Ouch
Helen Keller walks into a bar... And then a table...  And then some chairs...  And then a plate Glass window...
Why did the pedophile walk into the bar? He didn't, they're all over eighteen.
A duck walks into a drug store. He says "Give me some chap stick." The cashier asks "Will that be cash or credit?" The duck says "Just put it on my bill."
Two Redditors walk into a bar The first one makes an original joke.   The second one waits for a little, then says the exact same joke again. 
An SQL statement walks into a bar and sees two tables. It approaches, and asks “may I join you?”
A man walks into a diner... and sees the most beautiful woman of his life in the dining hall. He walked to the counter and talks to the waiter behind the counter. He mentions the lady, and the waiter replies   "Oh yeah, she's gorgeous! But, she's a nun. VERY religious. You'd have better luck seducing the Pope."   But nevertheless, he still tried, and was shut down harder than the U.S Government. After this crushing defeat, he returns to the counter, where the waiter decides to throw this poor man a line.   "You know, while she is super religious, she is quite gullible. Maybe, while she is praying in the graveyard, you could convince her with the right costume."   Our hero immediately jumps up and runs to the nearest costume store, where he buys a large white beard and a white robe. He hides in the graveyard and waits until the nun shows up. After she begins praying, he comes out behind her.  "I am God! And I am asking you, Sister, to give  me your virginity!"  "But my Lord! I cannot do so, as it would be a grave sin!" "Then we shall compromise! The *ahem* other hole will work just fine." So they have anal sex in the graveyard, and afterwards, the man from the diner can't hold in his trickery in any longer. So he whipped off the beard and the robe and announced "I'm the man from the diner! I'm not actually God!" So the nun just looked him in the eyes, took off her habit and said "I'm the waiter."
A guy walks into a bar. He sees a tip jar labelled 'steaks'. He asked the bartender what the tip jar was for. Thanks bartender pointed to a couple pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. He said, "If you jump and slap both pieces of meat before your feet hit the floor, you win however much money is in the jar. If you don't, then you have to put in $100. Are you willing to take the bet?" The guy said, "No. The steaks are too high."
Guy walks into a bar. The place is totally packed standing room only except for one seat at the bar next to an older man. So the guy walks over and sits down. The older man turns to him and say hey! You see this bar? I made this bar, I sanded it I planed it, I wrapped the leather around the edge, do they call me McGregor the bar builder? Noo.   And out the window there on that lake, you see that dock? I built that dock, I drove every piling and every nail, do they call me McGregor the dock builder? Nooo.   But ya fuck one goat....
An atheist and a vegan walk into a bar How do we know?  Because they've already told everyone in the first 5 minutes
A guy with an aneurysm walks into a bar... He died a week after.
A photon walks into a hotel... A photon walks into a hotel.  After checking in, the bellhop says "Would you like any help with your luggage today sir?" The photon replies "No thanks, I'm traveling light."
Internet Explorer, Google Chrome and Safari walk into a bar. Google Chrome asks for a stiff drink. Safari asks for a heavy drink... Internet Explorer asks for a frozen drink.
So, a horse walks into a bar... The bartender asks "Why the long face?" And Ann Coulter just flips her hair around while trying to remember when her parents told her she was pretty.
A chicken walks into the library. It goes up to the circulation desk and says: "book, bok, bok, boook". The librarian hands the chicken a book. It tucks it under his wing and runs out. A while later, the chicken runs back in, throws the first book into the return bin and goes back to the librarian saying: "book, bok, bok, bok, boook". Again the librarian gives it a book, and the chicken runs out. The librarian shakes her head. Within a few minutes, the chicken is back, returns the book and starts all over again: "boook, book, bok bok boook". The librarian gives him yet a third book, but this time as the chicken is running out the door, she follows it. The chicken runs down the street, through the park and down to the riverbank. There, sitting on a lily pad is a big, green frog. The chicken holds up the book and shows it to the frog, saying: "Book, bok, bok, boook". The frog blinks, and croaks: "reddit, reddit, reddit".
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar that he's a regular at, and sits at the bar. As the night goes on, he tries his luck with several ladies that come and go, but can't seem to close the deal. Meanwhile, he noticed a small, unremarkable man come in early in the evening, only to leave a short while later with a gorgeous woman on his arm.  He thought no nothing of it until he saw the same man return later in the evening, only to leave with yet another gorgeous woman! Day after day, he sees this man come in, sometimes multiple times, and never fails to leave with a beautiful woman!  He turned to the bartender, and asked, "Hey, what do you think that guy's secret is? Is he rich? His clothes don't look expensive. Is he super smooth? I never see him say much to these women. He's definitely not better looking than me!  I just don't get it!"  The bartender shrugs, and responds, "That guy? No idea. He never says a word, as far as I can tell. He just comes in, sits down, and licks his eyebrows."  *** Inspired by a news story I heard this morning about a guy who is trying to get into the Guinness book of world records for being able to lick his own eyebrows. Let us pray he uses his power for good, and not evil!
A thirsty piece of string walks into a bar... And he orders a drink. The bartender asks “Are you string? We don’t serve your kind here.”  Defeated the string walks outside only to be hit by a bus and dragged down the street and a rough trip around the block.  Beaten, frazzled, and nearly torn in twain the string walks back into the bar and again asks for a drink. The bartender looks him over and asks suspiciously “are you string, we don’t serve strings around here.”   “No sir, I’m afraid not”  :/
A guy walks into a bar and asks for beans The bartender brought the beans as he ordered but he returns them because there is too much beans. Then the bartender returns with 2 girls making out. Why? Because the guy asked for "less beans" (lesbians) 
A Guy Walks Into A Sex Shop.... He asks for a blow up doll.  And the owner asks male or female?  He says male please.  The owner then asks white or black?  He says white please.  The owner finally asks American or Muslim?  The guy asks what's the difference??  The owner replies, the Muslim blows itself up.
Two hunters walk into the woods.... One of them trips over, he's not breathing and his eyes have rolled back into their sockets. The other hunter whips out his phone and calls emergency services. The lady on the line asks what's wrong.  "Help, help! I think my friend is dead!"says the hunter.  "Calm down, take a breather, help will be with you shortly. First you need to make sure that he is dead"says the woman.  There is a silence, then a gunshot Is heard. The hunter goes back on the phone and says "okay, now what?"
A man and a turkey walk into a bar on thanksgiving eve. The man turns to the turkey and asks "Want anything to eat?"  The turkey responds "No thanks. I just ate back home, and I'm looking after my weight."  The man shrugs "Are you sure? Not even the seed salad you always get?"  The turkey responds "Nope. I'm stuffed." 
George Michael walks into a bar Wham!
Biker walks into a bar... A biker walks into a bar and sits down on a bar stool near the end of the bar.  He takes a look at the menu and it reads as follows: Hamburger - 2.99 Cheeseburger - 3.99 Chicken Sandwich - 4.99 Hand Jobs - 19.99  The crusty old biker waves the bartender down, and up walks this tall, busty, beautiful redhead in her mid-twenties. She smiles at the biker coyly, and he asks in a quiet voice "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" The bartender blushes slightly and says "Yes, I am" with a sexy little smile.  The biker grins and says "Well wash your hands, because I want a cheeseburger."
An older man walks into a bar... An older man walks into a bar wearing a stovepipe hat, a waistcoat and a phony beard. He sits down at a bar and orders a drink. As the bartender sets it down, he asks, "Going to a party?"  "Yeah, a costume party," the man answers, "I'm supposed to come dressed as my love life."  "But you look like Abe Lincoln," protests the bartender.  "That's right. My last four scores were seven years ago." 
A priest and a rabbi walk into a bar... A bystander finds them both unconscious from brain trauma and calls an ambulance.
So a paedophile walks into a bar And the bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve kids"
A deaf mute walks into a pharmacy... A deaf mute walks into a pharmacy to buy condoms. He walks to the back counter where the Pharmacist is, looks around, unzips his pants and puts his tallywhacker on the counter. He then lays a dollar bill next to his Johnson and pointed to it. The Pharmacist shrugged, unzipped his pants laid his Johnson next to the mute’s. The Pharmacist’s Johnson was longer so he took the dollar. The mute started frantically flashing his hands around in sign to protest. The Pharmacist said.” Don’t like to lose, don’t bet!”  Mic Drop!
A Scotsman, an Irishman and a Welshman walk into a bar... ...There is normally an Englishman as well, but he is at the World Cup.
A dickhead walks into a bar... And the bartender says, "Hey, why the schlong face!?"
Temel walks into a bar... He orders 3 beers and clinks glasses to each other before drinking them all and leaves. Next week he comes again, orders 3 beer and drinks them after doing the ritual. Bartender curiously asks why he's doing that and Temel replies;  "me and my two brothers separated last year and we made a promise to drink for each other every weekend to remember our old drinking days. "  A few monts passes, every weekend Temel comes, drinks 3 and leaves. One day Temel walks into bar and when bartender reaches to glasses Temel says ;  " only 2 beer this time."   Bartender sadly asks ;  "Which one of your brothers died? "  and temel replies; " None of them died, I stopped drinking." 
One hot and dry day in the Wild West, this dog walks into a saloon and says, "Gimme a beer". Evidently this type of thing wasn't too rare 'round those parts because the bartender said, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve dogs here." The dog then took out a silver dollar, dropped it on the bar, and said, "Look, I got money, and I want a beer." This scene had the potential to get ugly. The bartender, getting a little irate, said one more time, "We do not serve dogs here. Please leave." The dog growled, so the bartender pulled out a gun and shot the dog in the foot! The dog yelped, and ran out the door.  The next day, the swinging bar doors were tossed open and in walks the dog that had been in the saloon the day before. He was dressed all in black. A black cowboy hat, a black vest, three black cowboy boots and one black bandage. The dog looks around, waits for the talking to quiet down, and says, "I'm lookin' fer the man who shot my paw."  
A monk walks into a Subway “Welcome to Subway, what can I get you?”  The monk looks at the sign and says, “Make me one with everything.”
A fisherman walks into /r/jokes... A fisherman walks into /r/jokes where he meets a bartender. The bartender offers him a drink. The fisherman says he does not have money to pay, so instead he offers a trade-- if he can get the bartender to laugh at his joke, then the bartender should provide a drink for free. The bartender, a smug, old pirate of a man accepts. After all, he is a moderator of /r/jokes, so he has become very accustomed to not laughing.      The fisherman begins his tale. "Years ago, I set out on a whaling expedition, when a fellow sailor told me about the mystical golden fishing rod."  "Let me stop you right there" says the bartender. I can see where this is going. Golden rod. This is a sex joke. I've heard it before."      "No. It's not a sex joke" says the fisherman.      The bartender, fascinated, realizes that this may actually be OC.      The fisherman continues his tale. "There once was a mystical golden fishing rod that was said to be so powerful that anyone using it could catch any fish."      "Wait a minute" says the bartender. "I think you're in the wrong place. This sounds like the tale of Darth Plagueis. You want /r/prequelmemes down the street".      "No. It's not a prequel meme" says the fisherman.      The fisherman continues his tale. "One day, a little boy found the rod and used it to catch a lion fish. Neptune, god of the sea appeared. He was furious because the lion fish was his best friend. In retaliation, Neptune broke the rod into pieces, separating the rod and the reel. The little boy said 'Now I am sad'.      "Oh, come on!" said the bartender. "Hey, Sad. I'm neptune! You want /r/dadjokes. Don't waste my time".      "No. It's not a dadjoke" says the fisherman.      The fisherman continues his tale. "The boy took the pieces home, but they never worked again. Eventually, the rod was sold at a flea market, and the reel became the subject of many jokes."      The fisherman then asks "So, what did you think?"      The bartender, confused, looks up. "What? That's it?"      The fisherman nods.         The bartender, now, is very confused. It's OC, sure, but it doesn't make any sense.       He scratches his head and asks a question "What do you mean about the reel becoming the subject of many jokes?"     The fisherman says "I can't answer that here".        The bartender asks "Why not?"       The fisherman replies "The reel joke is always in the comments"  
A man walks into a dentist’s office A man walks into a dentist’s office.  Receptionist: Can I help you?  Man: I think I’m a moth.  Receptionist: Well, if you think you’re a moth, why would you come to a dentist?  Man: The light was on.
A physics teacher accidentally walks into the psychology classroom on her first day... Whoops wrong sub
Two hedge fund managers walk into a bar... They buy it, tear it down, and build a 40 storey skyscraper.
Batman walks into a bar with a pig... It was a hot summers day and the barman thinks it's a strange sight, not to just see Batman, but to see him with a pig that has jet black hair, black eye shadow and studded bracelets.   The barman says "Is there anything I can get you Batman?"    He replies "Just-ice for goth-ham"
A man walks into a talent agent’s office claiming to have a talking dog He asks his dog, “What’s the opposite of smooth?”  Dog says “Rough!”  He asked “What’s on top of a house?”  Dog says “Roof!”  The guys asks “Who’s the greatest ball player ever?”  The dog says “Ruth!”  Unimpressed the talent agent throws them both out and the dog says “Perhaps I should have said Joe DiMaggio.”
A Scottish farmer walks into the neighborhood pub, and orders a whiskey.  "Ye see that fence over there?" he says to the bartender. "Ah built it  with me own two hands! Dug up the holes with me shovel, chopped doon the  trees for the posts by me ownself, laid every last rail! But do they  call me 'McGregor the Fence-Builder?' No..."     He gulps down the  whiskey and orders another. "Ye see that pier on the loch?" He  continues, "AH built it me ownself, too. Swam oot into the loch to lay  the foondations, laid doon every single board! But do they call me  'McGregor the Pier-Builder?' No."     "But ye fuck ONE sheep...."
A horse walks into a bar A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says "Hey, get the fuck outta here you damn horse, last time you were here you shit on the floor!" And the horse says "Aw come man, I just want a drink." And the bartender says "Well I just want you to get out!" And the horse says "Yeah, well I fucked your mother!" And the bartender says "I know! She died of internal hemorrhaging, you piece of shit!" And the horse says "Whoa, man, I had no idea! I'm so sorry." And the bartender says "Well, she was an adult and made her own decisions so you're not entirely to blame." And the horse says "I need to be more responsible with my romantic encounters, I accept full blame for what I have taken from you." And the bartender says "That is a very mature response, horse. I may have misjudged you and will try to forgive you some day." And the horse says "So, can I get that drink?" And the bartender shoots the horse.
A pony walks into a bar The bartender looks up and says "hey buddy, why the long face?"  The pony looks up, blinking through tears and sort of whispers/croaks "my wife left me."  The bartender has a difficult time understanding the pony, who has obviously lost his voice, probably from crying so much and asks the pony to repeat himself.  "Sorry about that," says the pony "but I am a little hoarse."
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers,    and says:    "Five beers, please."
So a vampire walks into a bar, He asks the bartender for a cup of hot water.   Bartender gives him the hot water and says "Hey, aren't you a vampire though? I thought your kind only drank blood."   Vampire says "of course my good man!"  He reaches into his coat and pulls out a bloody tampon then says   "It's tea time!"
A dyslexic man walks into a bra... cadabra. Then he disappeared!
A man walks into a library Looking around nervously, he asked in a quiet voice if the librarian knows of any books about paranoia. The Librarian quietly replies in a whisper: "They're right behind you ..."
A man walks into a a bar. The bartender asks him, “Why the long face?” The man says, “My mom fucked a horse.”
Founder of Wikipedia walks into a bar. [citation needed]
Four friends walk into a bar. They each order a glass of wine. When they were served them, they all looked at their glasses.  The first friend inspected his carefully and determined that "Mine is half empty."  The second friend stared at his glass, looking at at and finally saying "Well, mine is half full."  The third friend sighed and made a gesture clearly meant to calm. "Guys, calm down - it's a glass of wine."  All three friends instinctively looked at the fourth to see how he would participate in the conversation.  He looked at them all and said "While you three were inspecting the shade of the wine, I actually drank it."
A bat walks into Chipotle "What can I get you?"  "What do you sell?"  "Burritos, there is a large on the wall menu over there"  "Oh, that won't help. I'm blind as a bat."  "How did you find us?"  "Ecoli-location"
A law student walks into a bar He passed
A guy walks into a bar... Breaking his Momma's heart again
We’ve all heard about the dog that walks into a bar But have you heard the one about the baby seal that walks into a club?
Bob and Jim walk into a bar. Bob and Jim walk into a bar. Bob says, "Hey Donkeyboy, get me a drink." The bartender gets him a drink.  Bob says, "Donkeyboy, get me another drink." The bartender gets him another drink.  Finally, Jim asks the bartender, "Why does he call you Donkeyboy?"  "I don't know. Hehaw-hehaw-he always calls me that."
Two men walk into a bar Two men walk into a bar They ask the bar tender what’s the special Bartender says, “it’s happy hour, take any seat you’d like.” So they do. 
A man walks into a bar... and he says "Ouch".
A guy walks into a bar And bounces off
Two guys walk into a bar... which is kinda stupid because the second guy should of seen it.
A man walks into a bar. And the bartender says, "Enough with the damn jokes!"
A boomer, a millennial, and a Gen Z kid walk into a bar They sit down at a table and order a bottle of whiskey. The boomer pours a tall glass for himself and says, "There ain't no social security left, so I'm pouring myself a big glass of whiskey!" Then, the millennial grabs the bottle an pours a medium sized glass and says, "I've got $100,000 in student loans and no one is hiring so I'M pouring myself a big glass of whiskey!" They both turn to the Gen Z kid and say "what about you? What are you drinking for?" The Gen Z kid holds up the empty bottle and says, "Nothing, you guys drank it all."
A man walks into a bar... "Ouch"
A duck walks into a bar and grabs a seat on a Wednesday night... The barman is watching, astonished at what he's witnessing. The duck pulls out a newspaper and begins reading. The barman walks over and says, "what do you think you're doing?" "I'm reading my paper, can I have a pint please", the duck responds. The barman can't believe it, a walking talking duck that reads newspapers and drinks pints! The barman looks him up and down and says, "I bet you can guess why I'm shocked though."  "Not really" the duck replies. "I work on that construction site across the road, so I'm going to be in every evening this week and will continue to do so for the next few weeks". The barman walks to the opposite end of the bar and tries to process what he's seeing. Before he knows it, the duck finishes his pint, thanks the barman and walks out.  Saturday night comes and the barman is working his evening shift when a clown walks in. They get chatting and the barman begins to tell the clown about the walking talking duck that drinks pints and reads newspapers. The clown is very interested in this as it would be great for his show, however he remains skeptical. The barman arranges for the clown to come in one evening and see the duck for his own eyes.  Monday night comes and the duck walks in bang on 6:00pm. The barman approaches and says "usual?" To which the duck nods.   The barman begins to tell the duck of the clowns interest in having him work for him, and that he will be coming to the pub that night to meet the duck. The duck looks bewildered. "A clown?" The duck asks. The barman nods. "Tents, cages, animals?" The barman nods. "Ticket sales, food and lighting?" The barman nods again. The duck stares into his pint for a moment before clearing his throat..."Well what the fuck does he need a carpenter for then?!"
A dung beetle walks into a bar and asks "Is this stool taken?"
A pirate walks into a bar and orders a drink.. Bartender looks at his peg leg and says, "Hey.  What happened to your leg, buddy?"    Pirate says, "Ohh, I got me leg blown off by a cannonball years ago."    Bartender starts pouring another drink, sees the pirate's hook and says, "Wow!  What about your arm?"    Pirate says, "Ohhh, 'twas a tragic accident.  Got meeself into a sword-fight and a bastard cut me hand off!"    Bartender nods, pouring another round, "What about your eye?  Where'd you get that patch?"    Pirate says, "Argh, I was looking up at me sails and a damn bird shit in me eye!"    Bartender stops everything, confused, saying, "Wait.  A bird?  A bird pooped in your eye?  How did that ruin your vision??"    Pirate says, with a sigh, "Argh…  First day with me hook.."   
A cat walks into a phone store with a broken phone. The sales person looks at them and says "Let me guess, water damage?"  The cat nods.  "That's the third time this week!"  "I should really invest in a water resistant phone" The cat posts on r/showerthoughts later that day.
A man walks into a bar and asks for a lager and lime, the barman hands him an apple. What is this the man says? taste it, the barman says. The man bit into the apple and says " Wow, lager "  now turn it around says the barman. " wow Lime says the man. After 5 apples the man goes home drunk.  NEXT DAY. The man after work goes back to bar and asks for a more obscure drink, trying to catch him out. " Whiskey and peppermint please barman, " the man asks.  the barman hands him an apple. " are you joking, " the man says. taste it, the barman says. The man bit into the apple and says " Wow, whiskey "  now turn it around says the barman. " wow mint says the man. After 7 apples he wanders home drunk.  NEXT DAY. The man after work goes back again to the bar and asks for something impossible.  " Can I have a smelly fanny (lady's privates )please. the same apple gets handed to him, " my god, you must be joking. " The man bites into the apple and screams " YUCK, it tastes like shit "   The barman says " Turn it around ."
A diplomat walks into a bar... A diplomat walks into a bar, orders a beer and sits next to another patron. They get to talking and the topic of careers comes up.  "I'm a government official" says the diplomat.  "I travel the world,  negotiating trade deals and brokering peace agreements.  It's an amazing job."  "Shit" says the other patron,  "I'm just an electrician, I'm nowhere near that important!"     "Not at all" the diplomat replied. "We both must stay informed on the same matters. You sound like you're just as plugged in to current affairs."
A pair of jumper cables walks into a bar The bartender sighs and says; "I'll serve you, but don't start anything!"
A man walks into a bar and orders a beer.... The barman says to the customer 'Sorry, I've got to change the barrel' and disappears into the back.  Whilst he's waiting the man notices a bowl of peanuts on the side and goes to take a handful. Just as he's about to grab them the peanuts suddenly start to speak, 'You're a handsome chap! Have you lost a bit of weight recently! You are quite the catch - any woman would be lucky to have you!' The man regarded the peanuts oddly but shook his head and left the bar area in search of a packet of smokes.  Located in the corner of the pub was a coin operated cigarette machine. The man reached into his pocket grabbed his change and was about to put his first coin when suddenly the cigarette machine started to speak, 'wow! You've had a hard life! Gained a bit of weight? Few extra grey hairs on your head....welcome to middle age pal! You do not wear it well'! The man was understandably shocked and backed away to the bar where his pint was now being prepared.  The customer turned to the bar and said, 'What the hell is going on?!?? That bowl of peanuts said I've lost weight and look good for my age whilst that cigarette machine said I was fat and middle aged!'  The barman said. 'I do apologise sir! The peanuts are complementary but the cigarette machines out of order'!!!!
A man walks into a bar with his buddies and sees three steaks hanging from the ceiling. He asks the bartender "Why are there three steaks hanging from the ceiling?"  The bartender replies "It's a contest sort of thing, actually. If you can jump and slap one of the steaks, you and your buddies get free drinks for the night. If not, you have to pay for everyone in the bar's drinks for the next hour. Wanna give it a try?"  The man thinks for a few minutes and makes his decision.   "Bartender, as much as my buddies and I would like free drinks, the stakes are just too high."
George Harrison, Roy Orbinson, Tom Petty, and Jeff Lynne walk into a bar Bartender: What do you want?  Tom Petty:4 Wilburys
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar. He sits down, orders a beer and look around when he sees a hat filled with money on the bardisk. He asks the bartender what's with the hat?   Bartender: "Well, that's a fun little game we have here. You see, I have a horse in the stables out back who just can't laugh. If you want to try then put a dollar in the hat. If you succeed you get all the money in the hat."  The man thinks about it for a while, then he puts a dollar in the hat and walks out to the stables. The bartender is listening tense when he hears the horse laughing his a\*\* off. The man calmly comes back to the bar, takes the money in the hat and sits down to finish his beer. The bartender is furious, he can't understand how he managed to pull it off. So the bartender walks up to the man.   Bartender: "Ok. You won fair and square. But double or nothing, you can't make that horse cry! It's impossible!"  The man walks back out to the stables once more and it takes just a minute before the bartender can hear the horse crying loudly. The man walks back into the bar and asks for his money. The bartender is stunned, but he gives the man his money.   Bartender: "Okay okay! You get the money but you must tell me how did you do it?!"  Man: "Well... When I wanted him to laugh I just said 'I have a bigger p\*nis than you'".   Bartender: "But how did you make him cry?!"  Man: "We measured them".   EDIT: Spelling
A sperm donor, a carpenter, and Julius Caesar walk into a bar... He came, he saw, he conquered
A biker walks into a bar And sits down at the stool.  He takes a look at the menu and it reads as follows:  Hamburger - 2.99  Cheeseburger - 3.99  Chicken Sandwich - 4.99  Hand Jobs - 19.99  The crusty old biker waves the bartender down, and up walks this tall, busty, beautiful redhead in her mid-twenties. She smiles at the biker coyly, and he asks in a quiet voice "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" The bartender blushes slightly and says "Yes, I am" with a sexy little smile.  The biker grins and says "Well wash your hands, because I want a cheeseburger."
A Pirate, Rabbi, Ninja, and Giraffe walk into a bar together. The bartender looks at all of them and asks out loud, "What is this? A joke?!"
A rope walks into a bar The bartender refuses to serve him, saying, “We don’t serve rope here.”   The rope walks outside, ducks into an alley, loops himself around himself until he is short and fat. Then he messes his hair up and walks back into the bar.    The bartender looks him up and down. “Hey, aren’t you that rope I kicked out of here before?”   “I’m a frayed knot.”
A bear walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a beer... The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't give beer to bears in bars." The bear replies, "If you don't give me a beer, I'll eat that lady over there." The bartender says, "Go ahead." So the bear eats the lady and asks for a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't give beer to bears on drugs." "What do mean," asks the bear. "I'm not on drugs." "Yes, you are, that was the bar bitch you ate."
A drunk guy walks into a bar and walks up to a guy and says, “I just had sex with your mom!” The guy walks away angrily. A few minutes later the drunk guy comes up to the guy again and says, “I just had great sex with your mom!” The guy walks away angrily.  A few minutes later the drunk guy comes up to him again and says, “I just had the best sex ever with your mom!” The guy now says, “Shut up dad! You’re drunk again!”  
A reddit user walks into a bar This reddit user is used to seeing anything and everything, so he's not shocked when he notices that a pirate is behind the bar serving drinks.  He takes a seat and the pirate saunders over on his wooden leg.  "Arrrr, what will ye be havin'?"  Then the reddit user notices something strange about this pirate barkeep, he's got a tiny steering wheel from a boat hanging out of his zipper.  Thinking it might be the pirates undergarments, he does a double take, but sure enough it's a tiny little wheel.  The reddit user, overwhelmed with curiosity, can't help but ask "Hey, you know you've got a little steering wheel hanging out of your pants, right?"  The pirate responds, "Aye, it's drivin' me nuts."
So Stephen Hawking walks into a bar... Just Kidding.
A drunken man walks into a biker bar, sits down at the bar and orders a drink.  Looking around, he sees three men sitting at a corner table. He gets up, staggers to the table, leans over, looks the biggest, meanest, biker in the face and says: "I went by your grandma's house today and I saw her in the hallway buck a-- naked. Man, she is one fine looking woman!"  The biker looks at him and doesn't say a word. His buddies are confused, because he is one f*****' bad biker and would fight at the drop of a hat.  The drunk leans on the table again and says: "I got it on with your grandma and she is good, the best sex I ever had!"  The biker's buddies are starting to get really mad but the biker still says nothing.  The drunk leans on the table one more time and says, "I'll tell you something else, boy, your grandma liked it and begged for more!"  At this point the biker stands up, takes the drunk by the shoulders looks him square in the eyes and says...................  "Grandpa,....... Go home, you're drunk."
A racist man walks into a bar... He sees a black man sitting casually at the side, and is disgusted by the sight of him.  He then waves to the bartender and says, "I'd like to order a beer for everyone here except the black guy."  As everyone else is treated to a beer, he looks back at the black man in hopes of getting a reaction out of him.  The black man still sits casually, this time with a smile on his face.  Confused and annoyed, the racist man waves again to the bartender and says, "another round for everyone except that same man."  As everyone else enjoys their second beer, the racist man looks back again at the black man, who is still smiling.  visibly angered, the racist man calls the bartender over a third time and orders a another round of beer for everyone except the black man.  He then looks at the black man one more time, and sees him laughing.  Furious, he rushes back to the bartender, points at the black man and asks, "Okay, what the hell is up with this guy?"  The bartender then replies, "Oh, you didn't know? He owns this place."
A blind guy walks into a bar... And a chair.... And a table.... And people....
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants The barkeep says, "you've got a steering wheel in your pants."  The pirate: "Aaarg! And it's driving me nuts!"  Edit * my dad may or may not have told me this joke..
A man walks into Richard Harrison's pawn shop... ... And says, "I have a treat for you." He digs through his bag, pull out a small item and says, "Richard Harrison, what would you do for a Klondike Bar?"  Richard rubs his chin and replies, "I'll give you 25 cents."
A man walks into a bar... And is disqualified from the Limbo tournament
Two scientists walk into a bar... ...The first one says:  "I'll have some H2O"  The second one says:  "I'll have some water too"  The first scientist got angry because his assassination attempt failed.
Three logicians walk into a bar The bartender asks: "Do you all want a drink?"   The first logician says: "I don't know."  The second logician says: "I don't know."   The third logician says: "Yes."
A sandwich walks into a bar A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says ''Sorry we don't serve food in here''
Hitler walks into a bar Mitzvah
Another Redditor Walks Into Another Bar... Mister Redditor asks the bartender to tell him a joke.    Eventually after some thought, the bartender suggests looking at r/jokes.    The redditor becomes frustrated instantly and cries out:    All the jokes, including the meta ones are reposts! 
An Irishman walks into a Moscow Airport -To dublin -Kuda BLIN -Tuda blin
A blind man walks into a sculpture store. He'd been planning a heist targetting the jewellery store beside it. Fumbling around to gain his bearings, he eventually comes into contact with a statue of a woman, to which he finally exclaims, "Well, this is a bust!"
A dick and a cock walk into a bar. a dick and a cock both walk into a bar. One chode says to another, “Don’t you have a final exam or quiz or something?”  And the other cucumber replies, “Yeah, but it’s nothing in testicular!”
A German walks into a bar.. And orders a martini.  The bartender asks, "Dry?"  The German answers, "No, just one."
A Navy man walks into a bar A Navy man walks into a bar, gives the bartender a conspiratorial wink and says, "Quick, pour me a drink, before the trouble starts." The bartender pours a drink and watches as the Sailor downs it in one gulp. The Sailor slams the glass down on the bar and says, "Quick, give me another one before the trouble starts." The bartender pours another glass and the Sailor drinks it as quickly as he had the first. The Sailor pauses, lets out a belch and demands a third drink 'before the trouble starts.' After several rounds of this, the bartender says, "Look Sailor, you've been talking about trouble for ten minutes. Just when is this 'trouble' going to start?" The sailor looks at the bartender and grins. "The trouble starts just as soon as you figure out that I don't have any money."
An Irishman and an Englishman walk into a bakery.  The Englishman steals 3 buns and puts them into his pockets and leaves. He says to the Irishman, "That took great skill and guile to steal those buns. The owner didn't even see me."   The Irishman replied, "That's just simple thievery, I'll show you how to do it the honest way and get the same results."   The Irishman then proceeded to call out the owner of the bakery and says, "Sir, I want to show you a magic trick." The owner was intrigued so he came over to see the magic trick.   The Irishman asked him for a bun and then he proceeded to eat it. He asked 2 more times and after eating them again the owner says, "Okay my friend, where's the magic trick?".   The Irishman then said, "Look in the Englishman's pockets."
A vegan, some one who didn't vote, and a Bitcoin investor walk into a bar. Which one tells you first?
So a man walks into a bar with a 1-foot-tall well-dressed person behind him The man pulls an electronic piano out of his pocket and sets it up on the bar, then sets up a tiny little stool. The foot-tall man takes a seat, cracks his knuckles, and begins to tickle the ivories in the most beautiful manner the bartender has ever heard.   As the sweet melodies resounded through the bar, the bartender approaches the patron who brought the pianist and says, "hey, where did you find a guy like that?" The man smiles, pulls out a pill bottle, and replies, "Well, i was going through my Grandpa's old stuff in the attic when I found this pill bottle with a genie inside. That little foot-tall man right there was my first wish. You can have the next one if you want."  The bartender, delighted at his chance at fortune, agreed and took the pill bottle from him. Immediately, he rubs it, and a rather old and wrinkled man with a wispy tail appears in the air. He looks at the bartender and asks for his wish. The bartender says, "I wish for a million bucks!"   The genie claps his hands and says, "a million ducks, coming up!" At which point, the man sitting at the bar looks at the bartender and says, "DO YOU REALLY THINK I ASKED FOR A TWELVE INCH PIANIST?"
A man walks into a bar with a paper bag... A man walks into a bar with a paper bag. He sits down and places the bag on the counter. The bartender walks up and asks what’s in the bag.   The man reaches into the bag and pulls out a little man, of about 12 inches height, and sets him on the counter. He reaches back into the bag and pulls out a small piano, setting it on the counter as well. He reaches into the bag once again and pulls out a tiny piano bench. The little man sits down at the piano and starts playing a beautiful piece by Mozart.   “Where on earth did you get that ???” asked the surprised bartender. The man responds by reaching into the paper bag. This time he pulls out a magic lamp. He hands it to the bartender and says: “Here. Rub it.”   So the bartender rubs the lamp, and suddenly there’s a gust of smoke and a beautiful genie is standing before him. “I will grant you one wish – just one.”   The bartender gets real excited. Without hesitating he says, “I want a million bucks !”   A few moments later, a duck walks into the bar. Another duck, then another soon follow it. Pretty soon, the entire bar is filled with ducks and they keep coming!   The bartender turns to the man and says, “You know, I think your genie’s a little deaf. I asked for a million bucks, not a million ducks.”   The man replies, “Do you really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?”  Edit: Formatting. Thought I don't think it helped?
An elderly termite and his wife walk into a bar And order 2 scotches. The bartender pulls 2 glasses out of the collapsing cabinet and hand them to the pair, refusing payment. The  man next to them asks "What did you do for those free?  "We made this bartender"
A man walks into the psychiatrist’s office Wearing nothing but Saran wrap, the doctor says - “ well sir, I can clearly see your nuts” 
3 people walk into a bar The first says "I'd like a beer." The second says "I'd love a beer thanks." The third said "REPOST!" 
An amnesiac walks into a bar He goes up to a beautiful blonde and says, “So, do I come here often?”
A mexican walks into a french coffee shop Barista:  How would you like your coffee?  Mexican: au lait.
A sexual predator, a pathological liar, and a racist walk into a bar The bartender says, “What’ll it be, Mr. President?”
A bartender walks into a bar and says, “I wonder what I’ll see walk in today.”
A cowboy walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman He gives her a quick glance then causally looks at his watch for a moment.  The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?"  "No", he replies, "I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it."  The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What's so special about it?"  The cowboy explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically."  The lady says, "What's it telling you now?"  "Well, it says this joke has been reposted right now."  The woman giggles and replies, "Well it must be broken because I just checked r/jokes and it hasn't been reposted!"  The cowboy smiles, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing's an hour fast."
Two men walks into the bar Two men walks into the bar   Bartender: Hi Dave!  The boss faints. 
[OC] [NSFW] A man in greasy overalls walks into a bar in Texas... ...orders a whiskey sour and a banquet. There isn't anyone else in, so the keep asks how his day is.  "It's okay I suppose. Used to be when I was young if I spent all day looking for a screw and ended up busting a nut it was something to brag to the boys about, now it's just another day at work."  The two share a laugh, "So what are you working on today?" Asks the bartender.  "A sweet Japanese model, but they don't come with enough space to fit my hands in where I need to for the job, and honestly, I'm tired of getting cramps trying to get into the right position under it."  "That's why I stay all American." Says the keep, wiping the counter.  "Well, either way, it's the hottest tranny I ever fucked."  
A guy walks into a bar in Redneck county and orders a white wine. Everybody sitting around the bar looks up, surprised and the bartender looks around and says: "You ain't from around here, are ya... where ya from, boy?"  The guy says, "I'm from England."  The bartender asks, "What th' hell you do in England?"  The guy responds, "I'm a taxidermist."  The bartender asks, "A taxidermist... now just what th' hell is a taxidermist?"  The guy says, "I mount animals."  The bartender grins and shouts out to the whole bar, "It's okay boys, he's one of us!"
An Atheist, a Vegan, and a Person of italian descent walk into a bar You know this because they let you know as soon as they walk in.
Guy walks into a bar… Guy walks into a bar…  Orders 5 shots of tequila shoots them one after the other.  Bartender says “Are you celebrating?”  Guy says “Yup! Had my first blow job!”  Bartender says “Congrats! Here is one on the house.”  Guy shoots it, says “Six shots of tequila and i still can’t get the taste out of my mouth”  Next day guy comes back to the bar and orders a tall glass of water.  Bartender says “ What happened, you were in here last night celebrating and having a great time”  Guy “yeah, I went home last night and blew chunks”  Bartender “ Well, as much as you drank, not surprised”  Guy “you don’t understand, Chunks is my dog…"
A guy walks into a bar with a sandwich He then orders two beers. The bartender then asks “Two, are you buying one for someone else?” The man then replies “Yeah, one for the sandwich” The bartender mockingly says “Sorry, we don’t serve food here” as he hands the man one beer.  “Okay then.” The man says.   Later he orders another beer and plops sleeping pills in there and says “Here, The is for you” The bartender grabs it suspiciously and doesn’t see the pills. He chugs it and returns to his shift.  As he is driving home the pills power starts to come in. He falls asleep and crashes his car. He is taken to the hospital immediately. A few days pass and he gets hungry in his room. A nurse comes in and asks if he needs anything. He says “Can I have some food or maybe a sandwich?” “Sure” The nurse says “She comes in later and hands him the same sandwich he saw at the bar(Surprisingly not moldy). “Here you go” she says in the same voice as the man.  Edit: I think I over did it.
A man, his wife, and a donkey walk into a bar The bartender asks "What will you all be having?"  The man replies: "Two margaritas and some kibble for the ass" "Ok," replied the bartender, "and what about your wife?"  The man yells:"Didn't I just say give her some kibble?!"
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar and it doesn't walk into a bar﻿.
A guy walks into a sperm donor clinic... ... and tells the nurse he is willing to provide his sperm. After depositing his load in to a pot, he goes back to the nurse and asks for compensation.   "Compensation?" replies the nurse.   "Yes, I want some cash for doing this" the man exclaims.   "Sir, our policy is not to pay for sperm donations."  "So you are telling me I've come here for nothing...?" 
A guy walks into a bar and orders five shots of scotch. As soon as the shots come, the man downs all of them in under 30 seconds.   Bartender: Wow, that's the fastest I've ever seen anyone drink!  Guy: You would drink that fast if you knew what I had.  Bartender: What do you have?  Guy: 50 cents
A bear walks into a bar A bear walks into a bar  The bartender asks the bear, "what kind of drink you want?"   The bear goes "I'll have a................beer"   The bartender asks "why the long pause?"   The bear waves and says "because I'm a bear" 
A Bacteria walks into a bar... A bacteria walks into a bar and goes to walk into the kitchen. The bartender stops him and says, "hey, you're not allowed in there". the bacteria replies, "no, it's ok, I'm staff."
A man walks into a bar and sees a young, attractive woman. He approaches her and asks, "Excuse me, Miss. I was curious, would you be willing to sleep with me for one million dollars?" She responds, "Well certainly!" Again he asks, "How about for  $10?" This time she answers, "Not at all. What do you think I am?" The man replies, "I have already established what you are. I'm just trying to negotiate a better price."
An Englishman, a Welshman, and an Irishman walk into a bar And the bar keep yells, "Get the fuck out, this ain't no God damn joke!"
A cop, a cowboy, and a construction worker walk into a bar.... The bartender says "Hey fellas, the YMCA is down the street."
Walks into a bar A neutron walks into a bar and ask the bartender how much the bartender replies with for you no charge 
Robert McCall and John Wick walk into a bar... You would think that they should have ducked... 
A woman walks into a bar and sees a guy at the other end with a giant, orange head. Of course she’s intrigued, so she approaches the man and asks him, “Hello, I hope you don’t mind my asking, but how did you get that giant, orange head?”  The man with the giant, orange head replies, “It’s fine, I don’t mind telling the story. One day long ago I was walking along the beach when I stubbed my toe on a magic lamp.”    The woman is skeptical, but continues to listen.  “I rubbed the lamp and was greeted by a genie who offered me three wishes. I could hardly believe it, but I quickly told the genie to make me rich beyond my wildest dreams.”   The woman looked at his impeccably tailored Italian suit and solid gold wristwatch and thought he must be telling the truth.   “For my second wish, I asked the genie for perfect health, for what good are untold riches if I become too sick to enjoy them? I haven’t gotten so much as a cold since that fateful day.”  The woman, getting impatient now, says “Well that’s all well and good, but what happened to your head?”  The man sighs and gulps down the rest of his drink.   “Now here’s where I fucked up. I wished for a giant, orange head.” 
An art student and a time traveller walk into a bar. The art student takes a seat, looking pretty down.  The time traveller asks "Whats wrong?"  "I just got kicked out of art school" He repiles "Say, hows the art scene in the future?"  The time traveller shrugs and says "Eh. Its pretty terrible all things considered."  The art student quickly responds "Well. Hows the political scene?"  "Oh, its great."  The art student stands up, dusting himself off. "Well. I've minored in politics. I'm gonna go get myself somewhere damnit! OR MY NAME ISNT ADOLF HITLER!" He yells as he leaves.
A young child walks into a bar An absent aborigine stops the child, “Hey young American, you are not allowed into this non food established bar. You look 12.”  Child , “ I’m a teenager and I understand the world of grown ups because I have social media. Furthermore, your ignorance is perpetuated by drinking at this non food established bar, now keep an eye on your land.”  An absent cotton picker hears the ensuing conversation and interjects ,”young white child I am trying to relax at this non food established drinking place and your words are intriguing me. How can I strike gold?”  Child, “Hey there you talented specimen. Your job is hard and taxes your body but forget gold, I have created a game for you to play and if you’re good at it you can make millions.”  An absent bankrupt white man hears the child and asks, “You’re a smart, intelligent child. How can I be successful too?”  Child, “My friend, in this present day...”  Before the child could finish, the White Man says, “You’re a Genius boy. Bartender make me a cup of Covfeve I have a master plan.”
An ironic joke walks into a bar, orders a beer, and sits down Bartender says hey! We’re straight talkers here... no irony allowed.  Ironic joke says well that’s fine then, because I just want a beer.
A man walks into a monastery... Nope! A man is driving down the road and breaks down near a monastery.   He goes to the monastery, knocks on the door, and says, “My car broke down. Do you think I could stay the night?”  The monks graciously accept him, feed him dinner, even fix his car. As the man tries to fall asleep, he hears a strange sound.  The next morning, he asks the monks what the sound was, but they say, “We can’t tell you. You’re not a monk.”  The man is disappointed but thanks them anyway and goes about his merry way.  Some years later, the same man breaks down in front of the same monastery.  The monks accept him, feed him, even fix his car. That night, he hears the same strange noise that he had heard years earlier.  The next morning, he asks what it is, but the monks reply, “We can’t tell you. You’re not a monk.”  The man says, “All right, all right. I’m dying to know. If the only way I can find out what that sound was is to become a monk, how do I become a monk?”  The monks reply, “You must travel the earth and tell us how many blades of grass there are and the exact number of sand pebbles. When you find these numbers, you will become a monk.”  The man sets about his task. Forty-five years later, he returns and knocks on the door of the monastery. He says, “I have traveled the earth and have found what you asked! There are 145,256,284,232 blades of grass and 231,281,219,999,929,382 sand pebbles on the earth.”  The monks reply, “Congratulations. You are now a monk. We shall now show you the way to the sound.”  The monks lead the man to a wooden door, where the head monk says, “The sound is right behind that door.”  The man reaches for the knob, but the door is locked. He says, “Real funny. May I have the key?”  The monks give him the key, and he opens the door.  Behind the wooden door is another door made of stone.  The man demands the key to the stone door.  The monks give him the key, and he opens it, only to find a door made of ruby.  He demands another key from the monks, who provide it.  Behind that door is another door, this one made of sapphire.  So it went until the man had gone through doors of emerald, silver, topaz, and amethyst.  Finally, the monks say, “This is the last key to the last door.”  The man is relieved to no end.  He unlocks the door, turns the knob, and behind that door, he is amazed to find the source of that strange sound.  But I can’t tell you what it is because you’re not a monk.
Lazy Larry walks into a bar... At least, he *said* he would.
A Man walks into the Doctor's Office... He tells the doctor he is in pain. He keeps touching every part of his body and says that no matter where he touches himself he feels pain.  The doctor tells him: "You broke your finger"
An alien walks into a bar... Sits down next to a guy, orders a drink, doesn't talk to anyone. After a while he pokes the guy in the arm and goes "Beep!"   The guy doesn't think anything of it but a few minutes later the alien pokes him again. "Beep!"   "Hey buddy, don't poke me, OK?" He says. "I'm just trying to drink and watch the game."  The alien says nothing but a few minutes later he again pokes the guy. "Beep!"   "Knock it off, will ya?!" The guy is furious. "If you poke me one more time I'm gonna rip your dick off!"  Alien still doesn't say anything, the guy figures that shut him up. But five minutes later, sure enough..."Beep!"  So the guy grabs the alien, carries him into the bathroom, locks the door behind him, and rips off the alien's pants. And he's about to rip off his dick when he notices that the alien doesn't have one. The guy's puzzled, doesn't know what to do.   Finally he asks the alien "...so, if you don't have a dick, how do you...you know..."  The alien says nothing. He just stands, walks up to the guy...  "Beep!"
A guy walks into a bar and says to the barman, "Give me six double vodkas." The barman says, "Wow, you must have had one hell of a day."  "Yeah, I just found out my oldest son is gay."  The next day, the same guy comes into the bar and asks for six more double vodkas. When the bartender asks what's wrong, the man says, "I just found out that my youngest son is gay, too!"  On the third day, the guy comes into the bar and orders another six double vodkas. The bartender says, "Jesus! Doesn't anybody in your family like women?"  The man downs the first drink and shakes his head, "Yeah, my wife!"
A man walks into a bar with a gun A guy walked into a local bar, waving his unholstered pistol and yelled, “I have a 45 caliber Colt 1911 with a seven round magazine plus one in the chamber and I want to know who’s been sleeping with my wife.” A voice from the back of the room called out, “You need more ammo!”
A man walks into the doctors office wearing nothing and wrapped in cellophane... The doctor takes one look at him and says, "I can clearly see you're nuts!"
The Mandela Effect walks into a bar But I vividly remember him walking into a grocery store...
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar, orders a beer, walks over to the piano, and sets his beer down on it. The piano man's monkey climbs over and pees directly into the glass of beer. The man says "Hey, do you know your monkey peed in my glass?!?" The piano man says "No, but if you hum a few bars, I'll play it for you."
A slug walks into a bar The bartender asks "What'll you have?" The slug says "I'll have a margarita... no salt."
Three men walk into a bar The first man orders an appletini. The second man orders a whiskey The third man gets brain damage
A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat... The bartender yells, "Hey, give that back!"
Horse walks into a bar... ..Barman: "Why the long face?"
A woman walks into a supermarket. She buys a bar of soap, a roll of toilet paper, a single size dinner, and a single size ice cream. The guy at the checkout looks at her and says "Single are you?" The woman replies very sarcastically "How did you guess?" He replies, "Because you're ugly."
A Rabbi, a horse, and a leprechaun walk into a bar... ...and the bartender says, "What do guys think this is, a joke?"
An Ewok walks into a bar.... and says to the bartender, “I’ll have a whisky and …… soda.”  The bartender says, “Sure thing—but why the little pause?”  “Dunno,” says the Ewok. “I’ve had them all my life.”
A dangerous parasite walks into a bar... The bartender says, "We don't serve your kind in here."  The parasite replies, "Well, you're not a very good **host**."
A woman walks into a bar A woman walks into a bar and orders an Old Fashioned. So the bartender took away her voting rights.
A cowboy walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman… He gives her a quick glance then causally looks at his watch for a moment.  The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?"  "No", he replies, "I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it."  The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What's so special about it?"  The cowboy explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically."  The lady says, "What's it telling you now?"  "Well, it says you're not wearing any panties."  The woman giggles and replies, "Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties!"  The cowboy smiles, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing's an hour fast."
A vegan, a Mensa member, and a guy who doesn't own a TV walk into a bar. How do we know this? Because they told everyone.
A man with a dog walks into a bar in New Jersey. He says to the barman, "This dog can talk."  The bartender replies, "What?  Get outta here."  The man with the dog then says, "It's true, I promise!"  The bartender decides to see if there is anything to this and says to the man, "Tell you what, if you can prove that the dog talks I'll give you free drinks for the rest of the evening."  "Its a deal!" says the man.  He then proceeds to ask the dog "what is above your head?"  "Roof!" the dog replies.  The bartender thinks the guy is trying to pull a trick on him, and is about to throw them out when the man asks for a second try.  The bartender reluctantly agrees.  The man asks the dog, "Who is the greatest baseball player who ever lived?"  "Ruth!" says the dog.  The bartender is pissed because they tried to take him for a fool and immediately tosses them out on their asses.  They pick themselves up, and while dusting off a bit the dog says, "I probably shoulda said DiMaggio."
An Englishman walks into a Western saloon After a long day at work, an Englishman heads to his local pub. Much to his astonishment, the inside has changed to that of an old American Western saloon. The patrons are all outfitted in period costume, there's a poker table running a game towards the back, and a slick musician is hammering out a honky-tonk tune on an upright piano.  Stepping out of the pub, he's in modern-day England again. The air is thick with fog, people on cell phones brushing past him, and a cab sounding its horn at traffic in the street.  He walks back in and finds the pub is still a saloon. Even his clothes have magically changed to match the setting. The Englishman takes it in stride, first sauntering over to the poker table. He finds a seat open and manages to win a few hands. The players comment to him, in thick Western accents "Boy, you got a future in this game. C'mon back any time!"  Enthralled, the Englishman cashes in his winnings at the bar. The bartender, a beautiful woman named Annabelle, congratulates him and asks the stranger more about himself.  "Well, you wouldn't believe it," starts the Englishman, "but I've just come from London, England, about 150 years in your future."  The bartender is impressed. "Well I dunno 'bout that," she says, "but yer a fine player, mister. This one's on the house." She winks at the Englishman as she pours him a whiskey. As she makes her way back to the other end of the bar, the Englishman stares longingly at her.  Just then, an intimidating brute of a man approaches him. This guy has "trouble" written all over him: gleaming silver pistols, black suit and hat, and a grizzled beard. In a low voice, he threatens the Englishman.  "Now look here, English," he rumbles, "I reckon I saw you cheatin' at that poker game. Now I see you makin' eyes at my Annabelle. She's *mah* girl, hear? I'm a-warning you."  The Englishman can scarcely believe it. It's as if he walked into a film! Empowered by the unusually strong whiskey, he stares right back at the brute and says "Oi! Big talk from a little man. I don't like people bossin' me around and calling me a cheat."  To the Englishman's surprise, the brute shrinks back, removing his hat and cowering with knocked knees. "Whoa, OK mister! I don't want no trouble."  The Englishman is encouraged. "I could tell from the way you walked up that you were yellow. You couldn't teach a hen to cluck! Your horse is ugly!" The Englishman started reciting every insult he'd ever heard in a Western, every line causing the brute to take a step backwards in submission.  With his closing statement, the Englishman snatches the brute's hat right out of his hands, throws it to the ground, and stamps on it with his boot.  The brute is near tears. "OK, mister, I-I think I might ha' done you wrong. You ain't no cheat, and you can have Annabelle."  The Englishman feels a little bad, so he says to the brute, "Now why don't we settle this over a drink?" The brute accepts, and the whole saloon goes up in cheers and hollers. The Englishman then announces "A round of drinks on me!" Another great cheer comes up from the saloon. Annabelle the bartender comes back with a great smile on her pretty face.  "Yer all right, mister!" she says. "Hey Billy!" she shouts to the piano player, "Why don't you play somethin' for ol' English, here?"  Billy shrugs and says "Well, I don't rightly know many English ditties, but here goes," and breaks into a jaunty rendition of "London Bridge is Falling Down."  The brute, having regained his composure, takes a seat next to the Englishman while Annabelle pours them both a whiskey.  "Say, mister," says the brute, "there's something I've always wanted to know: What does the London Bridge cross over, anyways?"  "That's easy," says the Englishman, "London Bridge spans the River Thames."  **WHAM!** The next thing the Englishman knows, he's in a pile on the floor.  "Mister," the brute says, "you can insult me, insult my horse, step on my hat, cheat at my game, and steal away my girl. But '*Thames*' is fightin' words!"
A man walks into a gift shop in California He sees a statue of a golden rat. He asks the shop owner, "What's the deal with this golden rat?"  "The statue itself is $20, the story behind it is $200."  The man thinks, then says, "I'll just take the rat for now."  He gets back home and starts to notice that there are 3 rats following him everywhere he goes. After an hour, the number has increased to 40, and he realizes that he has the golden rat statue with him.   He finds the nearest lake and tosses the golden rat statue in. All the rats go in after it, drowning in the process.   A few weeks later, the man is back in California, and goes back in the shop.   The shop owner remembers his face and says, "You again. I bet you want to know the story behind the golden rat now, huh?"  The man replies, "No, I was just wondering if you had any golden Neo Nazi statues."
Travis Kalanick, Martin Shkreli and Elizabeth Holmes walk into a bar They join forces and buy the whole thing.  ---  *(continuation in the comments, feel free to add your own, this joke basically writes itself)*
Two Danes walk into a Swedish bar and order two beers. When they get their beers the bartender says: -You guys sound a bit foreign. Where you from? -Denmark. They answer. -Oh what a funny coincidence! My ex girlfriend was Danish. The bartender replies happily. -Oh that's nice! But why did you break up with her? One of the Danes ask.   -Because I realized she was Danish. The Bartender answered.
An Asian lady walks into a bank She is trying to exchange yen for sterling.   She rants at the cashier " yesterday I get 200 pounds for 1 yen, today I only get 180, why is this? ".   The cashier replies " fluctuations ",   the lady replies " fluck you white people too".
An Englishman Walks Into a Pub at 9am and Says... ...pour me a beer, the booze is wearing off and the hangover feels like getting hit by a bus.
A horse walks into a bar... "I'd like a beer please." The horse says.  The bartender faints in shock
A man walks into a bar... ...and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano. So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?” And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”  So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for unlimited peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.  So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.” And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?” So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”  And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?” And the guy’s, like, “World peace.” So the bartender is understandably ashamed. And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.  And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.” And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.” But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”  And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?” And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”  And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?” And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.” So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”  And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey. And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.” And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.” And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”  And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”  And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.” And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears! And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”  And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.” And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?” And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.” And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.  And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey. And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.” And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.” And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.” And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”  And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms. And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.  And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.” And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!” And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life.  If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.” And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips. So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.  So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.” And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.  And the guy’s, like, “Well done.” And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”
A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. While he waits for it to arrive, he notices things are unusual at this bar. There are animals in cages everywhere! The man asks the bartender why there are so many animals.  The bartender responds "To feed the bear, of course!"  The man replies "WHY DO YOU HAVE A BEAR IN A BAR!?!"  The bartender responds "What bar? This is a zoo!"
A Duck walks into a pub... A duck walks into a pub and orders a pint of beer and a ham sandwich,   The barman looks at him and says, "Hang on! You're a duck." "I see your eyes are working," replies the duck. "And you can talk!" Exclaims the barman. "I see your ears are working, too,"  Says the duck. "Now if you don't mind, can I have my beer and my sandwich please?" "Certainly, sorry about that," says the barman as he pulls the duck's pint. "It's just we don't get many ducks in this pub.. What are you doing round this way?" "I'm working on the building site across the road," Explains the duck. "I'm a plasterer." The flabbergasted barman cannot believe the duck and wants to learn more, but takes the hint when the duck pulls out a newspaper from his bag and proceeds to read it. So, the duck reads his paper, drinks his beer, eats his sandwich, bids the barman good day and leaves. The same thing happens for two weeks.  Then one day the circus comes to town. The ringmaster comes into the pub for a pint and the barman says to him "You're with the circus, aren't you? Well, I know this duck that could be just brilliant in your circus. He talks, drinks beer, eats sandwiches, reads the newspaper and everything!" "Sounds marvellous, “says the ringmaster, handing over his business card. "Get him to give me a call."  So the next day when the duck comes into the pub the barman says, "Hey Mr. Duck, I reckon I can line you up with a top job, paying really good money." "I'm always looking for the next job," Says the duck. "Where is it?" "At the circus," Says the barman. "The circus?" Repeats the duck. "That's right," Replies the barman. "The circus?" The duck asks again. With the big tent?" "Yeah," the barman replies. "With all the animals who live in cages, and performers who live in caravans?" says the duck. "Of course," the barman replies. "And the tent has canvas sides and a big canvas roof with a hole in the middle?" persists the duck. "That's right!" says the barman. The duck shakes his head in amazement, and says .. . ......... "What the fuck would they want with a plasterer??!"
A Dyslexic man walks into a bra... And he was registered as a sex offender.
Horse walks into a bar A horse walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a beer. The bartender serves him and then says "that'll be $15 please'. The horse hands over the money and goes about having his drink. After a minute the bartender says to him "you know, we don't get many horses coming in here". The horse replies "with these prices, I'm not surprised!"
A miner walks into a saloon NSFW  A miner walks into a saloon after striking it rich, walks over to the barkeep and says " I want your coldest beer, and the meanest, nastiest woman you've got in this place."  The bartender hands him a bottle of cold beer and sends him down the hall. As the miner opens the door he says "I'm looking for the meanest nastiest woman here." A woman replies "you found me" as she flips up her skirt and bends over.   "What makes you think I want to do it like that?" The miner asks.  She says "I don't, but you want to open your beer right?"
A redditor walks into a bar The bartender says, "what'll you have?"  "It's been so long since I've had a good laugh", replies the redditor. "I'll give you $100 if you can tell me a joke I haven't heard before."  "That sounds easy enough", replies the bartender.  "I should warn you", the redditor says, "I browse /r/jokes so I've heard them all over and over and over again".  Curious, the bartender pulls out his phone and browses /r/jokes for a few minutes.  "How about this?" he asks, "A man is driving through a remote forested area at night when his car breaks down next to an old monastery..."  "Heard it.", interrupts the redditor. "It's reposted every month." The bartender apologies and starts scrolling on his phone for a few more minutes.  "Ooh, here we go, so why did the turkey cross the road.. "  "Heard it!!", the redditor snaps. "that's reposted every week!" The bartender is flustered but tries again, furiously browsing the subreddit. "Aha! This one is sure to impress.. What is Donald Trump's favorite nation? "  "No, no, no!!!", the redditor cries out. "That joke is reposted every day!"  "OK, OK, please give me one more try", the bartender pleads. He scrolls furiously through his phone. "Nope... nope... nope... YES!! This is a great one!"  "OK, lay it on me", the redditor asks eagerly.  "Here it is", the bartender replies. "So a redditor walks into a bar..."  "Nope, heard that one before."
A guy walks into a bar A guy walks into a crowded local bar, holding a pistol in his hand and yelling, “I have a 45 caliber pistol here with seven rounds in the barrel plus one in the chamber and I want to know who’s been sleeping with my wife.” A voice from the other end of the bar called out, “You’ll need more ammo”
Three guys walk into a bar.... the fourth ducks.  
Ray Charles walks into a bar... and a stool and a table
A pig walks into a bar. A pig walks into a bar and orders some penuts and a pint. When he finishes he asks the bar tender "where is the bathroom?" The bar tender says "down the hall and to the left." Now a 2nd pig walks in and orders 2 bags of penuts and and 2 pints. After he finishes he asks for the bathroom and is told "down the hall and to the left." A third and fourth pig come in and order and use the bathroom. Now a fifth pig walks in and orders five bags of penuts and five pints he finishes his food and alcohal and the bartender says "let me guess. The bathroom is down the hall and to the left" The pig says "no thanks I'll just go wee wee wee all the way home."
A Native American Boy Walks into His Family Tipi The boy looks at his father as he has grown curious in life lately and asks him,  "Dad, why is your name rising sun?"  The boys father looks at him and says,  "Well son, when i was born your grandparents went outside with me and that's the first thing they saw, the rising sun."  The boy seemed satisfied with the response for a moment then again questioned the father.  "Dad, why is grandpa named waxing moon?"  The boy's father looks at him and says,  "Well son, when your grandfather was born his parents took him outside and that's the first thing they saw, a waxing moon. Now tell me, two-dogs-fucking, why have you become so curious?
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar. And doesn't. 
The bartender walks into a bar The bartender asks, "What are you having?", to which the bartender replies, "I should probably stop talking to myself before customers start arriving".
A blind guy walks Into a bar.... A  blind guy walks Into a bar. He slings his dog around in circles in the air. The dog is yalping and clearly distressed.  The bartender says "man what the hell are you doing?" The blind guy replies " Ahh just looking around!"
A blind man walks into a bar... Then a table, then a chair
A man walks into a bar... And slowly alcoholism tears apart his family
A bartender walks into a bar and says "nice bar bartender but the bar could be tender" 
An Englishman, a Spaniard, and an Irishman walk into a pub The Icelander couldn't make it because he's still in the Euros.
A serial killer walks into a bar... ... And becomes the bartender.
A guy walks into a bar and makes a bet... A guy comes into a bar, walks up to the bartender and says, "Bartender, I got me a bet for you. I'm gonna bet you $300 that I can piss into that glass over there and not spill a single, solitary drop." The bartender looks and sees the glass is a good ten feet away.  He says, "Now wait, let me get this straight. You're tryin' to tell me you'll bet me $300 that you can piss, standing over here, way over there into that glass, and not spill a single drop?"    The customer looks up and says, "Yes!" and the Bartender says, "Young man, you got a bet." The guy goes, "Okay, here we go." Pulls out his thing. He's lookin' at the glass, man. He's thinkin' about the glass.   And then, *foosh*, he lets it rip. And he-he's pisses all over the place. He's pissin' on the bar. He pissin' on the stools, on the floor, on the phone, on the bartender! He's pissing everywhere *except* the glass!   So the bartender starts laughing. He's $300 richer. The bartender, while piss is dripping off his face, laughs and says, "Ha, ha, ha, ha! You idiot! You got it in everything except the glass! You owe me $300"  Guy goes, "Excuse me just one-one little second." He then goes in the back of the bar where there's a couple of guys playing pool. He walks over to them then comes back to the bar.   "Here you go, Mr. Bartender, $300." And the bartender's like, "What are you so happy about? You just lost $300, idiot!" The guy says, "Well, see those guys over there? I just bet them $500 a piece that I could piss on your bar, piss on your floor, piss on your phone, and piss on you, and not only would you not be mad about it, you'd be happy."
A packet of soy sauce walks into a cantina in Mexico City... And tells the bartender, "Yo Soy Salsa"
A German walks into a French bar There is no counter.
Three vampires walk into a bar First vampire asks for a Bloody Mary, second asks for a shot of blood, third asks for a cup of hot water. The other vampires give him a confused look. The third vampire says “ I just want some tea” as he pulls out a dirty tampon.
a man walks into a bar A guy on vacation in Spain walks into a bar and notices a large display on the wall. Hanging down are what look like rows of tennis balls on string. The guy asks the bartender about the display, and the bartender says proudly "The owners of this bar come from a long line of bullfighters. These are trophies from every bullfight in their family. The larger the testicles, the stronger and more aggressive the bull."  The man points to the smallest set on the wall, about the size of a pair of grapes. "What about those?"  "Senor, the bull does not always lose."   
A Roman legionnaire walks into a bar, holds up two fingers and says.,. “Five beers, please.” 
A bartender walks into a stable A bartender walks into a stable and says "Why all the long faces?"
A priest walks into an optometrists office... The optometrist says "have a seat" and begins to peer into his eyes.  "Huh, did you know you have a small hole in each of your corneas?"  Worried, the priest says "is it serious?!"  "No", says the optometrist, " it's only a slight stigmatatism".
A leper walks into a bar... (Don’t read at mealtime) A leper walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender serves him, then runs to the back to throw up.   The leper says “Hey, I know my appearance is a little...off putting. I can leave” “No No,” the bartender replies. “It’s not you. Have another drink, on the house. “  The leper thanks him and takes his drink. The bartender then looks at him again, turns a little green, and runs to the back to throw up again.   When he returns, the leper says “Listen, I appreciate the hospitality, but I’ll just go. It’s obvious that I’m disturbing you.”  “No, it’s not you,” the bartender repeats, “please, have another drink on the house. I insist.”  Reluctantly, the leper accepts the drink. Again, the bartender runs to the back, and the sounds of violent dry heaving can be heard.   When the bartender returns, the leper says “Look, you’ve been very kind, but I don’t want to cause problems. I’m gonna go.”  “It’s not you,” the bartender insists.   “Well what is it then,” the leper asks.   “It’s the guy sitting next to you, using your back as dip.”  
A man walks into a restaurant with a full-grown ostrich bird behind him.   The waitress asks them for their orders.   The man says, 'A hamburger, fries and a coke,' and turns to the ostrich, 'What's yours?'   'I'll have the same,' says the ostrich.   A short time later the waitress returns with the order 'That will be $9.40 please,' and the man reaches into his pocket and pulls out the exact change for payment.   The next day, the man and the ostrich come again and the man says, 'A hamburger, fries and a coke'   The ostrich says, 'I'll have the same'   Again the man reaches into his pocket and pays with exact change.   This becomes routine until the two enter again.   'The usual?' asks the waitress.   'No, this is Friday night, so I will have a steak, baked potato and a salad,' says the man.  'Same,' says the ostrich.   Shortly the waitress brings the order and says, 'That will be $32.62.'   Once again the man pulls the exact change out of his pocket and places it on the table.   The waitress cannot hold back her curiosity any longer.   "Excuse me, sir. How do you manage to always come up with the exact change in your pocket every time?"   Says the man, "Well, several years ago I was cleaning the attic and found an old lamp. When I rubbed it, a Genie appeared and offered me two wishes.   The first wish I asked was that if I ever had to pay for anything, I would just put my hand in my pocket and the right amount of money would always be there."  The waitress said "That's brilliant! Most people would ask for a million dollars or something, but you'll always be as rich as you want for as long as you live. How smart of you!''  "That's right. Whether it's a gallon of milk or a Rolls Royce, the exact amount of money is always there" says the man proudly.  The waitress asks, "But, what's that ostrich all about?"  The man sighs, pauses and answers with a heavy heart, *"My second wish was for a tall chick with long legs who accompanies me wherever I go and agrees with everything I say".*  
Two scientists walk into a bar. One says, "Bartender, I'd like an H2O." The other has a whisky double, because he's sick of that guy's shit.
Two girls walk into a restaurant A hungry girl and a naked girl walk into a restaurant, the crowd goes crazy as the girls sit down. The waiter walks in with the menu and says, "you're hot" to the hungry girl whose skin is radiating red. The naked girl says "arghh, bite me already!"  **Few moments later** The cops arrive to see the **'girl eat girl action'** in *Tarantinoesque*
Two guys walk into a bar One guy orders a crown and coke.  The bar tender hands him a apple.  Guy says I ordered a crown and coke not a apple.  Bartender says, “try it”.  He bites one side of apple and says “damn that tastes like crown.”  Bartender says “turn it around.”  Guy turns apple around and takes a bite “damn that tastes like coke.”    The next guy says I’ll have a Red Bull and vodka.  Bartender hands him a apple.  The guy takes a bite and says “damn that tastes like Red Bull.”  Bartender says “turn it around.”  Guy turns apple around and takes a bite “damn that tastes like vodka.”  The next guy says “I bet you don’t have a apple that tastes like pussy.”  The Bartender hands him a apple.  The guy takes a bite of one side and spits it out in disgust and says “damn that tastes like shit.”  Bartender says “turn it around.” 
Why can't the seven dwarfs walk into a bar? Because the bar is raised to high.
A Moth Walks Into A Podiatrist's Office... A moth goes into a podiatrist’s office, and the podiatrist’s office says, “What seems to be the problem, moth?”  The moth says “What’s the problem? Where do I begin, man? I go to work for Gregory Illinivich, and all day long I work. Honestly doc, I don’t even know what I’m doing anymore. I don’t even know if Gregory Illinivich knows. He only knows that he has power over me, and that seems to bring him happiness. But I don’t know, I wake up in a malaise, and I walk here and there… at night I…I sometimes wake up and I turn to some old lady in my bed that’s on my arm. A lady that I once loved, doc. I don’t know where to turn to. My youngest, Alexendria, she fell in the…in the cold of last year. The cold took her down, as it did many of us. And my other boy, and this is the hardest pill to swallow, doc. My other boy, Gregarro Ivinalititavitch… I no longer love him. As much as it pains me to say, when I look in his eyes, all I see is the same cowardice that I… that I catch when I take a glimpse of my own face in the mirror. If only I wasn’t such a coward, then perhaps…perhaps I could bring myself to reach over to that cocked and loaded gun that lays on the bedside behind me and end this hellish facade once and for all…Doc, sometimes I feel like a spider, even though I’m a moth, just barely hanging on to my web with an everlasting fire underneath me. I’m not feeling good. And so the doctor says, “Moth, man, you’re troubled. But you should be seeing a psychiatrist. Why on earth did you come here?”  And the moth says, “‘Cause the light was on.”
A bear walks into a restaurant And says “Waiter................... I’d like a steak” The waiter says “Sure, but why the big paws?”
A blind man walks into a bar... .... and a table, and a chair...
Heckler walks into a wake screaming "OH DANNY BOY", to which the male widower screams "DANIELLE SINCE THE SEX CHANGE YOU TWAT". The heckler walks out muttering "What a drag"!
A dung beetle walks into a bar... "Is this stool taken?"
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar, orders a drink and stars chatting with the bartender about gambling.  He says, “I will bet you $100 that I can bite my eye!”    The bartender looks at him like he is nuts, and then takes the bet. The man proceeds to pop out his left eye, and bites it.  Rinses it off and collects his money and leaves for the day.   The next day the man walks in, sits at the bar, gets drunk and tells the bartender he will bet him $200 that he can bite his right eye. The bartender knows the man can’t be blind and can’t have two glass eyes, and takes the bet   The man pops out his dentures, and proceeds to bite his right eye. He collects his money and goes home.   The next day the man, returns to the bar. The bartender says he will bet no more. The man gets drunker than before and tells the bartender that he will bet him $300 that he can pee into a shot glass, fill it up and not spill a drop on the floor. All of this while standing 5 feet from the shot glass sitting on the bar.   Well the bartender reconsiders and takes the bet because there is no way this drunk could do that!  The man sets up the glass. Steps back and drops his pants. He proceeds to piss all over the bar and the floor, missing the glass entirely. The Bartender laughs with glee and wiping s tear form his eye, asks the man what he heck was he thinking!?  The man says, “See that fella at the end of the bar? I bet him $5,000 that I could drop my pants and piss all over your bar and that you would laugh about it! “
It’s their 50th anniversary and Mary walks into the bedroom wearing a seethrough nightie. “John “, my darling”, she says seductively. “Do you remember on our wedding night I wore this exact same outfit?”  John says “yes, I remember”  “And do you remember what you said when I first came out of the bathroom and you saw me wearing this?”  “Yes I told you I was going to fuck your brains out and suck the life out of those tits”  “And so what do you have to say now, 50 years later to the day seeing me wear it again?”  “Mission accomplished”
A pun, a play on words and a limerick walk into a bar. No joke.
An infinite number of mathematicians walks into a bar and each person only order 1 drink. The price of their drink is determined by the numerical order when entering. The first drink costs 1 dollar, the second costs 2 dollars and so on.  In the end, they decided to pay all together.   The waiter then paid them 8.(3) cents and they all left.
A Higgs boson walks into a church. The priest says : Your kind is not welcome here.  Higgs boson: But without me you can’t have mass!
A three legged dog walks into a saloon in the wild west He bursts through the door and announces:  “I’m looking for the man who shot my paw!
Three guys walk into a bar And boy were their hospital bills expensive
A guy walks into a bar owned by Eminem... He says,"Give me two shots of..."  The bartender cuts him off and says,"You only get one shot."
A vegan, cyclist and climate change enthusiast walk into a bar. Everyone else leaves
A guy walks into a bar And sees a sign that says "Cheese Sandwiches $5.00, Handjobs $10.00"  He asks the bartender "Are you the guy that gives the handjobs?"  "Yes." replied the bartender   "Great. Wash your hands and make me a cheese sandwich."
An Irishman walks into a bar. He bellies up to the bar and says “barkeep, I’d like 3 shots of whiskey. One for me and one each for me brothers Shamus and Patrick back in Ireland.” The bartender give him his three shots of whiskey, he downs them, pays and walks out.   The Irishman continues with this ritual every day for a couple of months and the bartender has taken a liking to him.  One day the Irishman walks in looking glum and says “just two shots of whiskey today barkeep.” Worried, the bartender asks “is everything alright? Did something happen to Shamus or Patrick?”   The Irishman responds “no, Shamus and Patrick are fine, but me doctor says that I have to quit drinking.”
A man nervously walks into a library He asks the librarian if there are any books on paranoia. The librarian whispers, "They're right behind you..."
C, Eb and G walk into a bar: The bartender says "sorry, we don't serve minors"
A man walks into a psychiatrist’s office.. ..wearing nothing but plastic wrap around his waist. The doc looks at him and says, “well, I can clearly see you’re nuts.”
A man walks into a bar and says to the bartender... A man walks into a bar and says to the bartender "I'll have a round for everyone, except for that Jew over there!" and the Jew smiles.  Everyone cheers and has their drink. A few moments later, he shouts again "Another round for everyone except for the Jew!" and the Jew smiles again.  Two rounds later, the man asks the bartender why every time he orders a round for everyone except the Jew, he always smiles.  The bartender replies "because he's the owner"
An Englishman, an Australian and an American walk into a bar... ...The barman asks them, "is this a joke?"
A tramp walks into a pub and asks for a toothpick. The barman sees no harm in this and so gives him a toothpick. The tramp then leaves the pub.  A couple of minutes later another tramp enters the bar and asks for a toothpick. The barman obliges and the tramp goes on his way.  The same thing happens three more times in the next 10 minutes. The barman is perplexed. another tramp walks in, this time asking for a straw.  The confused barman's curiosity gets the better of him so he asks "For the last quarter of an hour, tramps have been coming in asking me for toothpicks, then you come in asking for a straw. Why?"  The tramp replies "Well, someones been sick outside and all the best bits have gone."
A man walks into a bar and sees two pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling... Confused, he asks the bartender "why do you have meat hanging from your ceiling?" The bartender says "I'm glad you asked, currently we have a challenge going on where if you can jump up and slap both pieces of meat with your hands I'll cover your tab for the whole rest of the night. However, if you attempt to slap the meat and miss, you have to pay for everyone else's drinks in the bar until we close". The bartender looks back at the customer and asks "So what do you say, would you like to give the challenge a shot?" The customer quickly responds with a "No". "Why not?" The bartender asks. The customer replies, "The stakes are too high". 
This old guy's sitting in his easychair, reading the newspaper, when his wife walks into the room wearing nothing but a bathrobe. She tears the bathrobe open and loudly proclaims, "Super Pussy!" The old guy, barely glancing up from his paper, says, "I'll have the soup."
A guy walks into a bar with a piece of asphalt in his hand. He puts the asphalt on the chair next him and says to the bartender: “One beer for me and one for the road.”
A Man walks into a bar... "OUCH! I should look where I'm going!"
Kevin Spacey walks into a bar But after realizing the drinking age is 21 decides that he'd rather hang out somewhere else.
Kevin Spacey walks into a bar. Then quickly leaves because he's drunk and there are no 14 year olds.
A runner walks into a bar The bartender says: why the long pace?  
3 tampons walk into a bar Which one started talking to the bartender? None of them, because they were all stuck-up cunts
3 conspiracy theorists all walk into a bar You can't possibly tell me that's a coincidence? 
The present, past and future walk into a bar... It was tense
The Daredevil walks into a bar ...And the pool table , and the chair, and the counter.
A camel walks into a bar. Bartender: What can I get you?  Camel: Just a tea, Hold the water.   Bartender: Seriously? What kind?  Camel: Chamomille, of course. 
An old man walks into a bar. Orders a beer, drinks it, then pisses his pants. He looks at the bartender and Says... I can hold my alcohol like I used to.
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar that he’s never been to before. The place is busting and seems to be doing well. There are people singing, dancing, and laughing but the first thing he notices is the extremely short person playing piano in the middle of the boisterous crowd. Everyone in the place is infatuated with the peculiar tiny musician.   He sits down at the counter and asks the bartender:   ‘What’s the deal with the piano player? He must be a foot tall!’   The bartender doesn’t look up from the glassware he’s polishing. He’s answered this question many times:  ‘That’s Larry. He’s the house musician.’  The man, not satisfied with that answer goes on to ask:  ‘Where the fuck did he come from? He’s making you a killing!’   The bartender leans in close to the man, smiles, and whispers:   ‘Well, I don’t tell this to everyone, but you seem like a trustworthy guy.’  The man leans in closer.   The bartender nods towards an old dusty beer tap at the end of the bar and explains:   ‘See that tap at the end of the bar? It’s magic.’  The man leans even closer.  The bartender goes on:  ‘Before you take a sip of a beer poured from that tap, think of a wish and watch the magic happen. 10 years ago, that’s how I ended up with Larry and the bar has been a massive success ever since.   The man looks at the piano player, then turns towards the bartender and looks him dead in the eye:  ‘One beer please.’ He nods at the old dusty tap. ‘That one.’  The bartender pours his beer. The man thinks of his wish:  ‘I want a million bucks!’   He then chugs the beer in one go and slams the glass down on the bar. When he looks up, he’s surrounded by ducks. A millions of them.  Frustrated, he says to the bartender:  ‘Wtf! I wished for a million bucks, not a million ducks!’  The bartender responds apologetically:   ‘Yeah it’s not perfect. You really think I would wish for a 12 inch pianist?’
An antivaxxer, a child murderer, and a bioterrorist walk into a bar. *walks
A Panda walk into a bar. The Panda immediately attacks the fucking hostess mauling her brutally. Screaming patrons run out side doors jump through windows all in an attempt to avoid the rampaging bear who by now is taking savage swipe after savage swipe tearing meaty chunks out of people as they run.  Finally the bar tender jumps the counter and confronts the bear screaming, "why are you doing this to these innocent people?!?"  The Bear says nothing and just rips the face off of the bartender.  Fucking panda bears are no joke
An American walks into a pub in Ireland And orders an irish car bomb. Barkeep says "certainly, sir. What kind of car do you drive?"
Guy walks into a bar. You expect it's going to be Ouch:  No, it's who the fuck put that there?
So a nymphomaniac walks into a sex shop.... After a while she turns to the clerk and says "I'll take the red one"  The clerk says "it's not for sale."   When she asks why he says "Ma'am, that's a fire extinguisher." 
A mother walks into a doctor's with her sick child. "Doctor," she says, "I'm afraid I made a big mistake not having vaccinated my child". "Don't worry," replies the doctor. "It's only cancer."
A bartender walks into a church, a temple, and a mosque. He has no idea how jokes work. 
A guy with glasses walks into a bar. A guy with glasses walks into a bar. (few drinks later)  Guy: You know what? I don’t really have issues with my vision. I don’t need my glasses.  Bartender: Why do you wear them then?  Guy: Actually I wear my fake glasses to trick my wife. Whenever I wanna sneak a peek at a hot piece of ass, I pretend that I am cleaning my glasses and since I am “blind” without them, my eyes are free to do whatever.   Bartender: Wow what a genius idea, but hey isn’t that your wife flirting with that dude over there?   Guy: Oh she must be thinking that guy is me. She gets confused between different faces. It’s that goddamn rare disease she has.
A fruit, an insect, and a Chinese surname walk into a bar. Well, a pear, ant, lee.
A chicken walks into a library...  ... and goes up to the librarian at the front desk.  **Librarian**: Can I help you?  **Chicken** (stares at her for a minute, then says): Book!  The librarian is confused, but gives the chicken a random book, who looks happy and leaves.  The next day, the chicken returns looking a bit irritated, and returns the book.  **Librarian**: Oh, hi. Can I help you again?  **Chicken**: Book book book!  The librarian is still confused, but gives the chicken three random books, which it takes under its wing and goes on its way.  The next day, the librarian sees the chicken come back to the library again, returning all three books. Before she has a chance to ask anything the chicken clucks:  **Chicken**: Book, book book book, book!  Taken aback, the librarian gives the chicken five more books before it leaves. But the librarian is curious about what exactly is going on here, so she takes her break and follows the chicken out of the building. Eventually, she sees the chicken go into a house, so the librarian sneaks up to the window and looks inside. There, she sees a sick frog, with a cast on its leg, resting in bed. The chicken suddenly comes into the room, gives the frog a hug, and hands over the books it got from the library. The frog then takes a glance at each book, but looks bored and says:  **Frog**: Reddit, reddit, reddit, reddit, reddit 
Helium walks into a bar.. ..the bartender says "we don't serve noble gases" Helium didn't react. 
A man walks into a talent agency with a litter of kittens... The Agent asks: "What do you call this?"  The man responds: "The Aristocats!"
A man walks into a bar, with a newt on his shoulder. He passes the night trying to chat up every girl he sees, but sadly to no avail, since everyone is wierded out by his newt.  Finally, he sees a beautiful girl and strikes up a conversation with her. After a few moments of talking, she questions him about the newt.  "What's his name?" The girl ask him.  "Tiny" the man responds.  "Oh whys he named that?" The girl questions.  "Because he's my newt" 
Black Panther walks into a racist bar... "Wakanda shit is this?"
A blind man walks into a bar He didn’t see it coming
A guy walks into the bar He pulls out his gun and shoots a round into the ceiling. That's to get the attention of the guy that slept with my wife.  A voice in the back replied, you're gonna need a lot more bullets.
A man walks into a bar and sees a jar of 10 dollar bills sitting on the counter. He figures there must be thousands of dollars in that jar because it is quite large and nearly filled to the brim.  The man then approaches the bartender and inquires him about the jar of money.  The bartender tells him, "If you drop a 10 dollar bill into that jar and pass three challenges, you can take that jar home with you. But you may not learn of the challenges until you've put your bill in the jar."  The man is intrigued at that point, and, having confidence in himself, he drops a 10 dollar bill into the jar.   The bartender then says, "Alright, here are your challenges. First, you must drink an entire liter of pepper tequilla, and you can not drop a single tear or make a face while doing so."  "Next, there is an angry pitbull chained in the back of the bar with a sore tooth. You must pull that tooth out with your bare hands and bring it here back to me."  "For your final task, there is an old woman upstairs who has never had an orgasm. You have to have intercourse with her, and make sure she climaxes."  The man is stunned, he cannot ever imagine drinking an entire liter of pepper tequilla in a single sitting. But, after a few beers, he has loosened up enough and accepts the challenge.  The bartender goes into the back room and comes out with a liter of pepper tequilla. The man takes it, and with every single ounce of his perseverence and self control, he swallows every drop of the pepper tequilla without making a single face or dropping a single tear.   Once he finishes, he slams the empty bottle on the ground in victory and stumbles over to the pitbull in the back, closing the door behind him.  Everyone in the bar is listening closely, and they hear the man shouting and yelling, while the pitbull is going absolutely mad growling and barking.  Everything from outside falls silent for a moment, and just when everyone thought he had been killed, the man barges back into the bar, with all of his clothes ripped up and scratches covering him from head to toe.  "NOW," he says, "Where is that old woman with the sore tooth?"
A blind man and a deaf man walk into a bar The blind man asks "Is anyone there?"
Theresa May walks into a bar. The bartender groans, knowing she'll never fucking leave.
A man walks into a bar He says: This could have been an endgame spoiler.  The bartender responds: Shit you're right.
A man walks into a bar and orders a drink He notices that pieces of meat were nailed to the ceiling of the bar so he asks the bartender about it. Bartender says "if you can jump and grab one, I'll get you a free beer. If you can't then you'll have to pay 100$. Wanna try?" The man thinks for a moment then says "nah! The steaks are too high"
A man walks into a bar and tells the bartender he’d like something tall, icy, and full of vodka. The bartender holds up his finger for the man to wait a minute and yells into the back room, “Hey Tiffany, someone is here looking for you!”
A rope walks into a bar and asks for a pint the bartender replies "I don't serve ropes, you'll have to leave". The rope leaves determined to get served. He ties himself up, ruffles his hair and tries again. "Are you the rope i just threw out?" Rope says "I'm a frayed knot mate".
A Roman walks into a bar Holds up one finger and says, "Fuck reposts."
A blind man walks into a bar. Then a bus stop and a fence.
A thirsty man walks into a store... He fancies a glass of wine, an older redheaded woman approaches him.  "Hello sir, how may I serve you?"  "I'm interested in a lean red with a delicate body and nice legs, something French might be nice."  The woman smiles, "Certainly sir, follow me and I'll see what I have in store"  The woman leads him past the counter and into a dimly lit back room. She shuts the door behind him and immediately disrobes.   "Gah, I, uh, wha...."  The woman replies, "Your first time in a brothel huh? Well if it helps your nerves there's a winery next door."
A dangerous surge of electricity walks into a bar. The barman says "why the long phase?"
Helium walks into a bar. The bartender asks helium what he'll have... Helium doesn't react
A Guy Walks into a Bar. The second guy ducks.
A man and a giraffe walk into a bar After a few drinks, the giraffe falls over and dies. The man begins to walk out till the bartender stops him  "Hey you can't leave that lyin' there" the bartender shouts   The man looks back and says "it's not a lion. It's a giraffe."
A man walks into a bar one day and asks the bartender if he knows a man named Two Guns Gonzales. The bartender says no but he tells him that the man in the back named No Guns knows him. So the guy walks to the back of the bar and asks the man if he knows a guy named Two Guns Gonzales. The man says, “Let me tell you a story…. One day about a week ago, I was riding into town on my horse and this large man with two guns comes riding up to me and says, ‘Get off your horse.’   Well, Two Guns has two guns and No Guns has no guns, what could I do? I get off my horse. Then he says, ‘Now drop your pants.’ Well, Two Guns has two guns and No Guns has no guns, what could I do? I take off my pants.   Then he says, ‘Now shit.’ Well Two Guns has two guns and No Guns has no guns, what could I do? I shit. Then he says, ‘Now eat it.’ Well Two Guns has two guns and No Guns has no guns, what could I do? I eat it.  Now, Two Guns is laughing so hard, he drops his guns! I grab them! Now I say, ‘Drop your pants.’ Well Two Guns has no guns and No Guns has two guns, what could he do? He drops his pants.   Then I say, ‘Now shit.’ Well Two Guns has no guns and No Guns has two guns, what could he do? He shits. Then I say, ‘Now eat it. ‘ Well Two Guns has no guns and No Guns has two guns, what could he do? He eats it.   So when you ask me if I know a man named Two Guns Gonzales, the answer is yes: I had lunch with him last week.”
Two Atoms walk into a bar One says "I think I want this drink", the other says "Are you positive?"
A young cowboy walks into the saloon in a rough and dusty Western town in Texas. He sits at the counter, and notices an old cowboy with his arms folded, staring blankly at a full bowl of chowder.  After fifteen minutes of just sitting there staring at it, the young cowboy bravely asked the old cowboy, “If you ain’t gonna eat that, do ya mind if I do?”  The older cowboy slowly turns his head toward the young wrangler and in his best cowboy manner says, “Nah, go ahead”.  Eagerly, the young cowboy reaches over and slides the bowl over to his place and starts spooning in it with delight.  He gets nearly down to the bottom and notices a dead mouse.  The sight was shocking and he immediately barfs up the chowder back into the bowl.  The old cowboy quietly says, “Yep, that’s as far as I got, too”
A cowboy walks into a bar and takes a seat next to an attractive woman. Wanting to impress her, he tells her “So, I’m a cowboy.”  “That’s nice, but I’ve always been much more of a dog person.”she replied.
A woman walks into a pharmacy... She tells the pharmacist she needs some cyanide.   "Why in thr world would you need cyanide??" He asks.  The woman explains that she needs it to kill her husband.   The pharmacists eyes get big-- "Good Lord!! I can't give you cyanide to kill your husband! It's against the law! I will lose my license and they will throw us both in jail! Just leave and forget you ever came in here before I call the police!"   The woman then reaches into her purse and pulls out a picture of her husband in bed with the pharmacists wife. The pharmacist looks at the pictures and says-- "Well now, you didn't tell me you had a prescription."
Man walks into bar Man: why is there a horse in here  Bartender: well sir if you can make the horse laugh I give you $100, but if you can’t you have to pay me $100 Man pulls out his wallet and slaps $100 down on the bar and walks over to the horse and whispers in his ear and the horse starts laughing historically  Bartender: I’ll double or nothing if you can make him cry  Man walks over to the other side of the horse, and the horse starts crying  Bartender: what did you say to him?!  Man: well I told him that my dick is bigger then his and he laughed at me, so to make him cry I just showed him
A man walks into a bar........... around 9:58 pm.  He sits down next to this blonde at the bar and stared up at the TV as the 10:00 news came on. The news crew was covering a story of a man on a ledge of a large building preparing to jump.    The blonde looked at the man and said,  "Do you think he'll jump?"   The man says, "You know what, I bet he will."  The blonde replied, "Well, I bet he won't."  The man placed $30 on the bar and said, "You're on!"    Just as the blonde placed her money on the bar, the guy did a swan dive off of the building, falling to his death.  The blonde was very upset and handed her $30 to the man, saying, "Fair's fair... Here's your money."   The man replies "I can't take your money, I saw this earlier on the 5 o'clock news and knew he would jump."    The blonde replies, "I did too;  but I didn't think he'd do it again."
2 slabs of concrete walk into a bar.. They sit down and start discussing how tough they are, until the barman asks what they want.  Concrete 1: I'll have a pint, and a shot of tequila, because I'm hard! I'm tough and can handle anything!  So the barman gets his drinks and asks the second.  Concrete 2: me? I'll have 2 pints, and 2 shots of tequila! Because I'm even harder!   The barman complies and makes the drinks.  A few more moments pass with the barman listening to the 2 discussing who's the most tough, when suddenly the door opens and a tiny piece of tarmac walks through the door.  Both slabs of concrete quickly jump behind the bar and cower, shaking, and hide.  The tarmac walks up to the bar, and softly orders a small orange juice, drinks it then leaves, and the 2 slabs of concrete come back out from behind the bar.  The barman notices all this and says " hold on, I thought you 2 were the toughest around? Yet, terrified of that tiny piece of tarmac??"  Concrete 1 replies " we may be tough yes, but the tarmac....that guys a cycle path!"
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, “what the fuck are you doing in here?” The man riding the horse says, “the sign says no dogs”.
Two bacteria walk into a bar, then into the staff area. The barman says “get out!”  The bacteria say “don’t worry, we’re staph”
A horse walks into a bar... The barman asks "Why the long face?" The horse replies "I just found out I've got AIDS."
A man walks into a rooftop bar and takes a seat next to another guy. A man walks into a rooftop bar and takes a seat next to another guy. “What are you drinking?” he asks the guy.  “Magic beer,” he says.  “Oh, yeah? What’s so magical about it?”  Then he shows him: He swigs some beer, dives off the roof, flies around the building, then finally returns to his seat with a triumphant smile.  “Amazing!” the man says. “Lemme try some of that!” The man grabs the beer. He downs it, leaps off the roof —and plummets 15 stories to the ground.  The bartender shakes his head. “You know, you’re a real jerk when you’re drunk, Superman.”
Three ducks walk into a bar. Bar man asks the first duck: “What’s your name, and how was your day?” The duck replies: “It’s Huey and it’s been great, I’ve been in and out of puddles all day”. The bar man asks the second duck the same, “It’s Dewey, and I’ve also been in and out of puddles”. Finally he turns to the third duck: “so you must be Louie?”  “No” he replies, “it’s puddles. And don’t ask.”
A pirate walks into a bar... And it was at that moment that he realized that his patch was on the wrong eye. 
A repost walks into r/Jokes and everyone says: "Hi Dave!"
A guy walks into a bar, orders a beer and starts reading the news on his Iphone.  "Wow, 'Twister kills 15 in Oklahoma!" the guy says. "They take  that game very seriously there," the bartender replies.
A man walks into a bar with a giant orange for a head... A man walks into a bar with a giant orange for a head. He strolls up to the barman and says “hiya mate, could I get a pint of bitter please?”. The barman looks him in the face and says “no, you absolutely cannot. I’m not serving you. You’ve got a fucking massive orange for a head!”. The man, slightly upset, negotiates with the barkeep. “How about if I TELL you how I got an orange for a head, you give me a pint?”, to which the barman, after some consideration, agrees.  The guy says “right, I was at a car boot sale last week. I’m walking around and I spot this lovely crockery set. Part of the set was what I thought was a gravy boat with a lid. It had a couple of marks on it so I picked it up to rub them off and, before you know it, this fucking genie pops out. I couldn’t believe my eyes. The genie told me I had three wishes. So, I thought about it, then I said ‘for my first wish, whenever I put my hand into my pocket, I want to pull a £20 out’.”  The barman says “...well, did it work?”. The man reached into his pocket five times, each time pulling out a £20 note. “Jesus...it did work! So, what were your other two wishes?”  The man says “well, for my second wish, I said that any girl I find attractive, I want her to find me JUST as attractive as I find her. The genie told me my wish was granted. Watch.”, at which point the man ambles his way over to a girl at the bar and, within a minute, has her phone number.  “This is incredible”, says the astounded barman, “what was your third wish?”.  The man pauses. “My third wish?...I wanted a giant fucking orange for a head.”
A man walks into a pharmacy and asks for some condoms with insecticide "I think you mean spermicidal," says the cashier.   &amp;#x200B;  "No", he says, "I need condoms with insecticide. My wife has a bug up her ass and I'm going in after it."
A Irish Bologna, Mexican Pants, and Iclandic water walk into a bar. The Irish Bologna drinks a bottle of Whiskey, the Mexican pants Drink a glass of milk and the Icelandic water drinks itself! Shocked after witnessing the Icelandic water drink itself the Irish bologna starts crying and acting hysterical. The Mexican pants try to cheer up the bologna because his friend just died. The bologna then wears the Mexican pants. He cheers up because now he is Pantalone!
A Texan walks into a bar. Everyone laughs at him because he has a big hat 
Some numbers walk into an Irish pub. 2 orders an Irish Car Bomb. 1 says "2, please!"
Two Blondes walk into a bar They both fall on the ground, stunned from pain.
Two mathematicians walk into a bar... and begin to argue about the intelligence of the waitresses. One mathematician gets up, and on his way to the bathroom stops his server. He tells her: "I'll give you $5 is you answer "one-third x cubed" to the next question I ask you, ok?"  The server nods, and walks away. When the mathematician returns to his table, he tells his colleague: "I bet you $100 that our server can answer a simple calculus problem." He then proceeds to flag down the server and asks her, "What is the indefinite integral of x squared?" She responds, "one-third x cubed." The man then proceeds to collect his money, only to be interrupted by the server saying "plus a constant." 
A man walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar and says to the barman, "Give me six double vodkas."  The barman says, "Wow, you must have had one hell of a day."  "Yeah, I just found out my oldest son is gay."  The next day, the same guy comes into the bar and asks for six more double vodkas. When the bartender asks what's wrong, the man says, "I just found out that my youngest son is gay, too!"  On the third day, the guy comes into the bar and orders another six double vodkas. The bartender says, "Jesus! Doesn't anybody in your family like women?"  The man downs the first drink and shakes his head, "Yeah, my wife!"
A priest, minister, and rabbi walk into a bar... It hurt
An illegal alien, a child molester and a racist walk into a bar... and the bartender looks up at them and says to them "The Democratic National Convention is next door ladies"
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks "what do you want?". The horse, not understanding the English language, takes a shit on the floor and leaves.
A guy walks into a bar... The bartender says to him : "You seem like an experienced person who has traveled a lot.  What about a bet? If you can make my horse laugh, something that no one has ever do before,  you win, if you fail,  I do. "   The man agreed and succeeded in making the horse laugh.   The bartender says to the man : " You may have made the horse laugh,  but you certainly won't make it cry. Want to bet? "  The mab agreed and succeeded in making the horse cry.    The bartender, curious,  says  :"  I can't help myself but ask,  how did you make the horse laugh,  then cry? "  The man says :" It's simple ;the first time I told him my penis was bigger than his.  The second time i showed him.  "
An Englishman an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar... An Englishman an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar. The bartender says "This reminds me of a joke, An Englishman an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar. The bartender says "This reminds me of a joke, An Englishman an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar. The bartender says "This reminds me of a joke..."""
A man walks into a bar... JUST KIDDING!!!
A burly gentleman walks into a pub and slams his fists on the bar. He tells the barman that the pub hasn't paid its protection money, and his mafia boss has ordered him to collect.   The burly gent heads down to the cellar and starts wheeling out all the wine barrels. He loads them onto his van and drives off.  Later that day the burly gent returns and heads back down to the cellar. He starts wheeling out all of the barrels of ale, loading them onto his van, and then drives off with the goods.   Later, again, he returns and heads straight back down to the cellar. As he comes up, wheeling all the barrels of Budweiser, the barman stops him and says, "hang on, wait... just wait a minute... Now you're taking the piss".
Three blondes walk into a building. You'd think one of them would've seen it.
A piece of string walks into a bar... He sits down next to the bartender and asks for a drink. The bartender responds apologetically, "I’m sorry, but we don't serve strings here."   Confused, the string leaves the bar and goes home. A few days later, he returns to the bar, this time sitting on a different end. He asks for a drink and the bartender responds,"Hey, aren't you that string from the other day? I told you, we don't serve strings here."  Dejected, the string leaves and returns home once again. A few weeks go bye, and the string decides to try his luck one more time. He ties himself up and pulls apart the top of his string to mask his appearance. He enters the bar, sits down, and orders a drink. The bartender looks long and hard and says,"Hey, you look familiar. You've definitely been around here. Aren't you that string from a while back?"  The string looks him in the eye and says cooly,"Nope, I'm a frayed knot."
Two mathematicians walk into a bar... The punchline is trivial and is left as an exercise to the reader
Hellen Keller walks into a bar And then a chair, and then a table
A moth walks into a church He found the light.
Two chemists walk into a restaurant after work Two chemists walk into a restaurant after work, they sit down at there table and order drinks. The first chemist says, "I will have some H20", the second chemist says, "I will have a glass of water, and dude why are you referring to it so strangely, we aren't at work anymore."  The first chemist then goes into the bathroom and cries as his assassination plot has failed.
A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West. He slides up to the bar and announces: 'I'm looking for the man who shot my paw.'      
A black boy walks into the kitchen... A black boy walks into the kitchen where his mother is baking and accidentally pulls the flour over onto his head. He turns to his mother and says, “Look Mama, I’m a white boy!” His mother smacks him and says, “Go tell your Daddy what you just said!” The boy finds his father and says, “Look Daddy, I’m a white boy!” His Daddy bends him over, spanks him, stands the boy back up, and says, “Now, what do you have to say for yourself?” The boy replies, “I’ve only been a white boy for five minutes and I already hate you black people!” 
Three conspiracy theorist walk into a bar. You can't tell me that's a coincidence.
THREE vampires walk into a restaurant one casual night. The host welcomed them in and showed them their seats.   While they were seated, a waiter comes by to ask for their orders:  Vampire 1: "I'm hungry and have saved a lot of money for such an occasion. I'll have a glass of your finest human blood"  Vampire 2: "I'm kinda saving up for stuff, so I'll just have a cup of raw pig blood."  Vampire 3:  "I don't have a lot of money with me today, so I'll just have a cup of hot water."  The two vampires and the waiter look at him with contempt  Vampire 3: "What're you looking at me for? I picked this pantyliner from the street so I'm just gonna make tea."
A guy walks into a bar ...and sees a gorgeous woman nursing a drink. Walking up behind her he says: "Hi there, good lookin'. How's it going?" Having already downed a few power drinks, she turns around, faces him, looks him straight in the eye and says: "Listen up, buddy. I screw anybody, anytime, anywhere, your place, my place, in the car, front door,back door, on the ground, standing up, sitting down, naked or with clothes on,dirty, clean... It just doesn't matter to me. I've been doing it ever since I got out of college and I just flat-ass love it."   Eyes now wide with interest, he responds: "No kidding. I'm a lawyer too. What firm are you with?"
An American, a French man, a Chinese man, and a Scottish man walk into a bar..... They each order a beer, and each beer has a fly in it.   The American, who is disgusted, immediately throws out the beer and orders a new one.   The French man, simply removed the fly and enjoys his beer.   The Chinese man, removes the fly, eats it, and throws the beer away.   The Scottish man, removes the fly, drinks the beer, and sells the fly to the Chinese man
Nicholas Cage walks into a bar... and takes a seat in the middle near an old man. The man says why are you sitting next to me? Cage turns to him, smiling, insanity in his eyes and yells "Because I'm the fucking grim reaper!" The old man, horrified, runs out of the bar. Bartender leans in and says to cage you have to stop scaring the old guys. Nick smiles.
A Syrian refugee walks into a Swedish bar... A Syrian refugee walks into a Swedish bar and sees a very attractive girl with a nice butt. He walks up to her and says "That ass? Islam."
A guy walks into a bar... and says "Ouch!"
A mushroom walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Hey! Get outta here! We don't serve your kind!" The mushroom replies, "Why not? I'm a fun guy!"
Johnny Manziel walks into a Cleveland bar... That's two Punchlines.  Sorry, I blew the third one.
A string walks into a bar... And sits down at the counter and asks the bartender for a drink.   The bartender says, "Absolutely not! We don't serve strings in this bar. Now leave!"   The string walks out of the bar and goes into the alley, where he then proceeds to twist himself up in a tangle and rough himself up so he's all dirty and ragged.   Once he's finished, he walks back into the bar and sits at the counter and asks the bartender again for a drink.   The bartender says, "Wait, aren't you that string who was just in here that I kicked out?"  The string says "No, I'm a frayed knot."  
A joke walks into a bar... Bartender says woah! I've never *meta* joke before
A man walks into a Barr And says “you lied to congress!”
Two chemists walk into a bar.. Two chemists walk into a bar.  The first one says, “I’ll have some H2O.”  The second says, “I’ll have some water too. But why’d you order it like that? We aren’t at work.”  The first chemist excuses himself and weeps in the bathroom.
A prostitute, buddhist, and landscaper walk into a bar. [NSFW?] As they all sit down, the bartender asks how they’re doing.  “Awful,” says the landscaper. “I have to dig up holes and fix a fence, and the owner of the house wants us to use the same old wood.”  The buddhist speaks up, “I’ve been trying to teach a class about my religion, and this…girl…was in the class today.” He sighs. “It’s been a rough start, but hopefully I’ll change her ways.”  The landscaper takes a second look at the prostitute, and realizes, “hey, aren’t you the lady who owns the house I was working on?”  The prostitute’s head nods, but before she can speak, the landscaper gets up and leaves, but not before saying:  “Typical f***ing karma whores, always wanting to repost the same damn thing.”      (Credit to a u/celemourn post that made me think of this)  (Please go easy on me, this is my first ever joke)  (Edit 1: spelling) (Edit 2: spelling again, because I’m dumb)
A Russian person, an aardvark, and a doctor walk into a bar. I can't tell you what happened because I woke up before the punch line.
Dude walks into a bar and sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. He asks the bartender, "What are those for?"  Bartender answers, "If you can slap a piece of meat, you get free drinks for one hour. If you miss, everyone else's drinks are on you. Do you wanna try?"  "Nah, the steaks are too high."
Two people walk into a bar. They see that the bartender is Eminem.  "Two shots please", one of them tells him  "Sorry. You only get one shot"
A Man Walks Into A Bar...    A man walks into a bar, notices a very large jar on the counter,and sees that it's filled to the brim with $10 bills. He guesses there must be at least ten thousand dollars in it.  He approaches the bartender and asks, "What's with the money in the jar?"  "Well..., you pay $10, and if you pass three tests, you get all the money in the jar and the keys to a brand new Lexus."  The man certainly isn't going to pass this up, so he asks, “What are the three tests?"  "You gotta pay first," says the bartender, "those are the rules."  So, after thinking it over a while, the man gives the bartender $10 which he stuffs into the jar.  "Okay," says the bartender, "here's what you need to do:  First - You have to drink a whole quart of tequila, in 60 seconds or less,   and you can't make a face while doing it."  "Second - There's a pit bull chained in the back with a bad tooth. You have to remove that tooth with your bare hands."  "Third - There's a 90-year old lady upstairs who's never had sex. You have to take care of that problem."  The man is stunned! "I know I paid my $10 -- but I'm not an idiot! I won't do it!  You'd have to be nuts to drink a quart of tequila and then do all those other things!"  "Your call," says the bartender, "but, your money stays where it is."  As time goes on, the man has a few more drinks and finally says, “Where's the damn tequila?!"  He grabs the bottle with both hands and drinks it as fast as he can.Tears stream   down both cheeks -- but he doesn't make a face -- and he drinks it in 58 seconds!  Next, he staggers out the back door where he sees the pit bull chained to a pole.  Soon, the people inside the bar hear loud growling, screaming, and sounds of a terrible fight -then, nothing but silence!  Just when they think that the man surely must be dead, he staggers back into the bar.  His clothes are ripped to shreds and he's bleeding from bites and gashes all over his body.  He drunkenly says, "Now..., where's that old woman with the bad tooth?"
A woman walks into a pet shop looking to buy a parrot. "Do you have any parrots for sale?" asks the woman.  "We only have one left," replies the shopkeeper. "But I must warn you she has a filthy mouth. Take a listen."  The shopkeeper lifts a blanket off a cage to reveal the parrot, who instantly starts squawking, "My name's Bella and I want to fuck all day!"  The woman is a little surprised by the language but tells the shopkeeper, "Oh, don't worry. I have two parrots at home and all they do is pray. I'm sure they can teach her the error of her ways."  The woman buys the parrot and takes her home. She takes the blanketed cage into her house and sets it down near another cage containing two parrots, both perched silently praying.  The woman lifts the blanket off the cage and instantly the squawking begins. "My name's Bella and I want to fuck all day!"  The two parrots in the other cage both stop praying and slowly turn to look at each other. After a few moments of silence one of the parrot whispers, "I fucking told you, we just had to pray hard enough."
A Nazi walks into a bar..  A Nazi walks into a bar, looks around, and notices an older orthodox Jewish man seated at a nearby table. Barman, he says, "A round on me, for all your patrons, but not for the old Jewish geezer right there."  As everyone in the bar receives their drinks, he looks directly at the Jew with a nasty little smile. Surprisingly the Jew nods his head and sends a warm smile back. The Nazi is somewhat miffed, as this was not the reaction he expected. So he goes back to the bar.  "Barman, a second round for everyone but him, and this time take it all from the top shelf" Nazi looks again at the Jew, and notices that he is STILL smiling back, and even warmer than before  "Is that Jew a complete fool or what?" he asks the barman Bartender responds: "Oh no my generous friend, that gentleman is my boss and the owner of the bar"
A man walks into a western bar When he sits down a Texan asks the man if he knew the state bird, he replied "no" so the Texan informed him it was the mockingbird, the man asked "why the mockingbird?" And the Texan replied "WhY tHe MOcKinGbIrD???"
A girl with a nasal voice walks into a speech therapist's office to get herself "cured." After going through the therapy, she starts getting hit on by guys who earlier bullied her. She starts having positive thoughts and dreams again. One day she dreams of having sex with her hot Biology teacher. The next day she stays in for office hours and ends up fucking him.  She starts getting whatever she desires, and everyone compliments her voice.  She goes to her speech therapist's office to thank him and finds out that he was an alien who came on earth to help victims of bullying.  She tells the therapist, "Thank you so much for your services. I have everything in my life now- all the boys like the way I talk and I can have sex with whoever I want. Why did you decide to serve people on Earth?"The alien replies, "I did not choose Earth, I landed here after the comet I was living on broke into two pieces and released me here. After coming here, I was surprised to see that Earthlings make fun of other Earthlings due to the small differences that actually make them unique.....and beautiful. So I decided to help those who face bullying."  The girl says, "Wow you really are a true hero. But I just need help with one thing. I have been having great sex, but I have not laughed much in recent times. Can you please say something to make me laugh?"  The alien replies, "I would have told you a real joke from my own jokebook, if only I had met you earlier! Because the real joke is in the comets."
A man walks into a bank He's accompanied by a broker. The man asks to speak to someone about making a large deposit, so the banker sends him straight to the boss.  "Good morning," says the man, "I'm here to deposit $40,000.  "Well now," says the banker, "how did you acquire such funds? We like to keep a clean note system here."  "Not to worry," the man spoke assuredly, " The money I make is essentially winnings. See, I'm a gambler of sorts."   "Oh really?" The banker, who is also a gambler, inquires. "How so?"  "Let's have a wager shall we? I'll bet you a grand I can lick my eyeball."   The banker thought surely this was the quickest grand he would ever make, and shakes the man's hand. To his surprise, the man popped out his left eyeball, a fake, and licked it, and out it back into his socket.   "Well I'll be..." the banker exclaimed, mildly furious he fell for that.   "But wait, I'll bet you another 5 grand I can bite my ear."   Without hesitation the banker agreed, and to his distraught the man pulled  out his dentures and clamped them to his ear, and put them back into his mouth.   "You slimy weasel, I should've seen that coming." The banker exclaimed, now turning red in the face.  "I've got one more wager, how about......" he paused for a moment. "I bet 10k that I can stand in that corner of the room, and piss into the mug on your desk, and not get a single drop anywhere."  "BET."  The man proceeded to the corner, unzipped his pants, and proceeded to piss literally EVERYWHERE in the bankers office, including the banker himself. The only place he didn't was in the cup.  "HA!" The banker yelled with excitement, that was the easiest 10 grand I've EVER MADE!"  "Indeed," said the man, "I bet my broker here 50,000 that I could piss all over you and you would love it."
A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender asks well where'd you get that.   (parrot voice) Squawk Africa there's lots of them
A blind man walks into a bar And a table... and a chair
Two guys walk into a bar One of them ducks.
A homosexual, a con artist and a child molester walk into a bar. "What can I get you, father," asks the bartender.
A man walks into a bar and orders a beer from the bartender. As the bartender goes to get the drink, the bowl of peanuts pipes up, "excellent choice, on the beer! A really great decision."   Thinking he is hearing things, the man goes to the bathroom to wash his face.  On his way there, the juke box yells at him, "a goddamn beer? Horrible choice. Only thing worse is that disgusting excuse for a shirt you're wearing."   Startled, the man rushes into the bathroom to freshen up, then returns to his seat at the bar.  As the bartender brings back his beer, the man says to him, "I think I'm going crazy here. I thought I had the peanuts heaping praise on me here and then the juke box ridiculing me on my way to the bathroom. Did I imagine that?"  The bartender solemnly shook his head. "No, sir. My apologies. The peanuts are complimentary, but the juke box is out of order."
A man walks into a bar with an octopus under his arm He sits at the bar and orders his drink and the bartender brings it to him.   While hes sipping on his drink the bartender says, “hey, mac, i gotta ask...whats with the octopus?”  The man says, “oh this? This is no ordinary octopus, this is a musical genius octopus!”  Skeptical, the bartender says, “yeah? What can it play?”   “Well whaddya got?” Says the guy.   “Well over there we have a piano.” Says the bartender.   So the guy picks up the octopus, sets it in front of the piano and says, “play!”  The octopus plays the most beautiful music anyone in the bar has ever heard. Better than beethoven,  better than bach, just beautiful.   “Wow!” Says the bartender.  “Im really impressed!! What else can he play?”  “What else ya got?”  “Over there we have some drums!” Offers the bartender.   So the guy picks up the octopus, sets it in front of the drums and says, “play!”  The octopus plays the drums like hes animal from the muppets, guitar like hes jimmy hendrix, and trumpet like hes miles davis!  “Wow!” Says the bartender “im really impressed!! But i bet theres one instrument he cant play!” And from behind the bar he produces a set of bagpipes. “Bet he cant play these!”  The guy sets the octopus in front of the bagpipes and immediately the octopus is crawling all over the bagpipes, pulling and pushing and prodding, just making the most awful sounds. No one in the bar has heard anything worse.   “See!” Says the bartender “i told you he couldnt play em!”  The octopus looks up and without skipping a beat says, “play em?! I was trying to get its pajamas off so i could fuck em!”
A South African, New Zealander, Barbadian and an Irish Man walk into a bar  and win the Cricket World Cup for England
A woman with a lisp walks into a lesbian bar and informs the bartender she's allergic to peanuts. The bartender replies, "I already knew that when you came in."
A Pun, a Play on Words, and a Limerick walk into a bar.... No Joke.
A bear walks into a bar He says to the bartender, “I’ll have a beer.” The bartender says, “We don’t serve bears in this bar.”  The bear is outraged. “What do you mean you don’t serve bears! If you don’t give me a beer right now I’m going to eat the woman at the end of the bar!” The bartender says, “We don’t serve belligerent bears in this bar.”  The bear walks over and eats the woman. He comes back to the bartender. “See! I mean business! Now give me a beer!”  The bartender says, “We definitely don’t serve belligerent bears who are high on drugs in this bar.”  The bear says, “What are you talking about? I’m not in drugs!”  The bartender says, “Yes you are. That was a bar bitch you ate.”
A man walks into a bar and orders 10 shots of whiskey. The bartender pours them and the guy starts downing them.   By the 5th one the bartender asks, "Why are you drinking so fast?"  The guy says, "You'd drink this fast if you had what I have."  The bartender says, "What do you have?"  The guy says, "No money."
The Dalai Lama walks into a Pizza Express And asks: "Can you make me one with everything?".
An ea representative walks into a bar And then everyone beats the shit out of him
An Irishman, a Scotsman and an English man walk into a bar.... Now is your chance to get informed and save net neutrality which the FCC is currently trying to change. 
A guy walks into a bar, sees a gorgeous woman sitting there, and he says to her... "Baby, you're so sexy, I'm gonna twist your nipples 'til they're raw."  A little taken aback, she says "Excuse me?"  The man continues, "Baby, you're so sexy, I'm gonna bend you over and beat your ass with a stick."  Starting to get a bit offended she says "Dude, you can fuck right off"  The man goes on "Baby you're so sexy, I'm gonna flip you upside down, fill your pussy with whiskey and drink it!"  Getting fed up, the woman yells "You know what, creep? See that big guy at the table over there?  He's my boyfriend, and just wait until I tell him what you said!"  So she goes over to her boyfriend, and she tells him. "That dude that just walked in, he told me he was gonna twist my nipples until they're raw!"  Boyfriend says "What? I'm gonna kick this guys ass!"  "He said he was gonna bend me over and beat my ass with a stick!"  Boyfriend says "This dude is fucking dead."  "He said he was gonna flip me upside down, fill my pussy with whiskey, and drink it!  The boyfriend seems to lose his steam a bit, and sits back down...  The woman says "What? I thought you were gonna kick his ass?"  He says "Baby, anyone who can drink that much whiskey is too tough for me."  
A guy walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants. He sits down and asks the bartender for a drink.  The bartender says, "I'll give your drink if you tell me why there's a steering wheel in your pants."  The man says, "I don't know, but it's driving me nuts."
A proton and several electrons walk into the bar. The proton asks, "What did you do last weekend?"   The electron answered, "I ain't did no more of no nothing, not."
A large pickle walks into a bar A large pickle walks into a bar, sits down, looks at the bartender, and asks for his usual to be put on a tab. Having never seen the large pickle before, the bartender says "Who even are you? Tab priveleges are reserved only for celebrities, well-known people, or dicks that try to get out of paying." The large pickle responds, "In that case, I'm kind of a huge dill."
A photon walks into a hotel The hotel clerk asks, "Do you have any luggage?"  The photon responds, "No, I'm travelling light"
Ayn Rand, Rand Paul and Paul Ryan walk into a bar The bartender serves them tainted alcohol because there are no regulations.  They die.
A magician, a gorrilla, and a scientist walk into a bar The bartender says, "is this some joke?"
A sheep walks into a bar.. Bartender says "Sorry man, I can't serve you here."  Sheep says, "Relax, I'm the black sheep of the family.Check this out, I brought a fuckload of other sheep with me.  The bartender starts counting sheep. Falls asleep.  Sheep drink for free.
A Priest, a Rabbi, and a Minister walk into a bar... The bartender says "If you're not freaking out about Net Neutrality right now, you're not paying attention."
A pirate walks into a bar, like he does every Saturday. The bartender, unfamiliar with the pirate’s new look asks, “What happened to you? You look horrible!”  The pirate replies with “I got in a fight with another pirate crew and just barely made it out alive.”  B: “What happened to your hand?”  P: “The captain of the enemy crew chopped it off in the duel.”  B: “Well, what about your foot?”  P: “The poop deck swabber chopped off my foot in the duel.”  B: “Ok, what about your eye?”  P: “A bird pooped on it.”  B: “Ummm, how does that have anything to do with how it was removed from your skull?”  P: “Well, I wasn’t quite used to that hook yet...”
A kid walk into a library and asks the librarian for a book on turtles. Librarian replies, "Hard back?"  The kid, Yea, with little heads.
A guy walks into a bar and tells the bartender he's a telekinetic He bets on a bottle of whiskey that he can raise a chair with his mind. The bartender agrees and the telekinetic concentrates for a few seconds and one of the chairs lifts up in the air. The telekinetic then tells the bartender that to bring it down  he needs to snap his fingers. The bartender does it and the chair softly lands.   A few days later the same guy walks into the same bar and bets he can lift the pool table for a crate of whiskey bottles. He concentrates for a few minutes and one of the pool tables lifts up. Same story as before. The bartender snaps and the table lands with all of the balls in the exact same position.  Another few days later the guy comes again. This time the bartender offers him a bet. "See that old fart right there? If you can lift his dick then you'll drink for free here for life" The guy concentrates for hours but in the end the old man's cock is fully erect. The old man then pulls out a pistol and says  "WHOEVER SNAPS HIS FUCKING FINGERS IS DEAD!"
A panda walks into a bar with his bag The panda takes a seat at a single table and asks the waiter for the menu. The waiter confirms his order and a few minutes later brings him his food. The panda finishes all the food and then whips out his tommy gun fron his bag and starts spraying everywhere. Everyone ducks under their tables or whatever they can find to avoid being shot. The panda keeps firing until the Tommy gun runs out of bullets. He puts the gun back into the bag, pays the bill and walks out of the bar.  The bar manager is puzzled. He looks up the encyclopedia and searches for the panda's description alphabetically. The listing in the book reads - Panda = Large black and white omnivore. Eats shoots and leaves.
A two ropes walk into a bar... *twist on old joke*  As they order bartender shakes his head, "Can't you read?" as he gestures to a sign that says ,"We don't like dopes and don't serve Ropes!"  The rope is floored, but his mother warned him that some people didnt like ropes. So he and his buddy left.  Outside his buddy is furious,"What gives them the right!"...Rope undeterred tells his rope friend,"be calm and do what I do." He then proceeds to twist and turn his body and mess up his hair. "Ha! I think I see what your doing, but there is no way I'm messing up my hair.". Rope looks at his buddy rope disappointed, but then brightens up,"I can work with this, twist and turn a few more times and I give the signal jump around all wild.". His rope buddy nods in agreement.  Inside the bar the bartender all goes smooth and the ropes get to order, but as the bartender is about to hand over the drinks, "Hey, aren't you those two ropes I told to get out of here!?" ...rope looks stunned," Me sir!? A rope! No way, I'm a frayed Knot!"...the bartender eyes him funny and gestures to his buddy who is now jumping around, "what about him?"...a look of fear comes across ropes face, "Don't point at him! Can't you see he is knots!"
A vegan a feminist and a gay person walk into a bar. How did you know all this? They all told you
(The joke from "The Breakfast Club" that was never finished.) A naked woman walks into a bar with a female poodle under one arm and a six-foot salami under the other. The bartender says, "I suppose you won't be needing a drink," to which the woman responds, "I sure as hell do, after what happened to me." The bartender, of course, asks what happened, and the woman says, "My boyfriend and I went up to my room when he said that he would pound his favorite bitch with his giant sausage, so I grabbed both those things and got the hell out!"
A priest, a rabbi and the President of the United States walk into a bar… And the bartender says “what is this, some sort of joke?”
So a man walks into a bar.. A man walks into a bar and asks the bartender, "If I show you a really good trick, will you give me a free drink?"  The bartender considers it, then agrees. The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a tiny rat. He reaches into his other pocket and pulls out a tiny piano. The rat stretches, cracks his knuckles, and proceeds to play the blues.  After the man finished his drink, he asked the bartender, "If I show you an even better trick, will you give me free drinks for the rest of the evening?" The bartender agrees, thinking that no trick could possibly be better than the first.  The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a tiny rat. He reaches into his other pocket and pulls out a tiny piano. The rat stretches, cracks his knuckles, and proceeds to play the blues. The man reaches into another pocket and pulls out a small bullfrog, who begins to sing along with the rat's music.  While the man is enjoying his beverages, a stranger confronts him and offers him $100 000 for the bullfrog. "Sorry," the man replies, "he's not for sale." The stranger increases the offer to $250 000 cash up front. "No," he insists, "he's not for sale." The stranger again increases the offer, this time to $500 000 cash.  The man finally agrees, and turns the frog over to the stranger in exchange for the money. "Are you insane?" the bartender demanded. "That frog could have been worth millions to you, and you let him go for a mere $500 000!" "Don't worry about it." the man answered. "The frog was really nothing special. You see, the rat's a ventriloquist."
Hitler walks into a bar. He gasses it. Sorry, not bar. Pole*
A man walks into a library asking for a book about how to commit suicide. Librarian: Fuck off, you won't bring it back.
A skeleton walks into a bar He walks up to the bartender and orders a beer and a mop.    (Credit goes to the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie but just wanted to share) 
A blind man walks into a bar... and a table, and a chair
A limbo player walks into a bar He lost. 
A Rabbi, a priest, two chemists and a horse walk into a bar But there's only four seats at the bar. The rabbi is forced to sit at a booth, and the bartender walks over and asks,  Why the long face?  The horse flips his shit and tramples the bartender, but the rabbi incites a Jewish incantation that turns the horse into hydrogen peroxide. The first chemist says  I think that's h20.  The second chemist says,   I think that's h2o2.  The priest, under the impression that they both think it's h20, goes over and turns the "water" into wine and drinks it. The priest dies and the second coming of Jesus occurs to avenge his death, thus proving Judaism wrong. The rabbi, chemists, bartender and horse are killed due to the awesome power of Jesus. Jesus then says,  Checkmate atheists.  
A horse walks into a bar.. The bartender says,  why the long face?   The horse goes, "I haven't had a job since Sex and the City 2"!
An atheist walks into a bar that's full, and someone gets up and offers him a space. Why doesn't he take it? Because then he'd be a theist. 
A pirate walks into a bar The barman keeps giving him weird looks and finally asks: "why is there a steering wheel attached to your crotch?" So the pirate says: "aaaah it's driving me nuts!"
A panda walks into a bar... A panda walks into a bar and walks up to the bartender and says, "Can I get a . . . .  glass of water?"   The bartender says, "Sure, but why the big paws?"  *ba-dum-tshh*
A boy walks into the kitchen... His little, Italian grandmother is standing there with 6 plates. On each one, there is a different shapes piece of dried macaroni.  His grandmother doesn't say a word, but arches one eyebrow and points to the first plate.  The boy shouts out his answer and she continues down the line. He guesses all of the first 5 plates correctly. When he reaches the last plate, he is stumped and can't think of the name.  His grandmother smiles at him and says, '5 out of 6? You pasta test!'
Argon walks into a bar The bartender says   &gt;"Argon your not welcome here GET OUT now"  Argon doesnt react
A man walks into a bar with an octopus under his arm. He sits down at the bar, puts the octopus in the seat next to him, and orders a drink.  Bartender says, "Hey, what's with the octopus?"  Guy, "He can play any instrument, so I bring him along for entertainment."  "This rounds on me if he can play that piano."  The guy picks up the octopus, and puts him down on the piano bench. It starts playing some Mozart.  "Well, I'll be damned, drinks are on me," says the bartender.  About a half hour goes by, and the bartender gets bold, he brings a trumpet out from the back, and places it in front of the octopus.   "If he can play this, the next two rounds are on me!"  The octopus picks it up, and starts to play some Louis Armstrong.  "No way!" Exclaims the bartender.   The next two rounds were on him.  "Alright," says the bartender. "If he can play this, I'll give you free drinks for a month."  The bartender brings out a set of bagpipes from the back, and places them in front of the octopus. The octopus picks them up, spins them around, and puts them back down.  The guy leans in and says, "what are you doing? Just play the damn things."  The octopus says, "play it? If I can figure it how to take it's pajamas off, I'm gonna fuck it!"
A Man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar one night, and he sees a tiny man sitting on the bar playing a piano, so he asks the guy sitting beside him "Wow that's so cool! Where did you get that?"  "There's a genie out back! He's giving out wishes!" So the man walks outside to find the genie.  He walks up to the genie, and the genie says "Hello there! Have you come for a wish?" And the man replied "Yes! I Want a million bucks to fall from the sky!" And just like that, A million DUCKS fall from the sky.  So the man walks back inside and says to the other guy "Hey man that genie is cool and all, but I think he might be hard of hearing."   And the man replied "Do you really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?"
A Sydney pub owner notices a woman walk into his pub... It's a working class bar that's a bit run down, and the woman is not only gorgeous, she's far too well dressed to be in a place like his.  She walks up to the bar and he asks her: what'll it be? She replies: 10 schooners of Reschs, please.  He thinks it a bit of an odd request, 10 serves of 375ml shitty NSW draught beer, but she's so confident that he pours them all out for her. She proceeds to drink them all down, in order, and then passes out at the bar.  The publican notices, but the rest of the bar continues on as normal.  After last drinks, he clears everybody out except her. She's still passed out, and he thinks: well, this will never happen again.  So he fucks her. (I know.) When he's finished, he calls her a taxi and carries her out. She wakes up just as she's getting in the taxi and says: ooh, you're such a gentleman.   The next day in the pub, its business as usual, and the publican can't help himself. He tells everyone that the high class woman who was in the pub last night ended up getting drunk, passed out, and fucked by yours truly. A little later on, the same woman walks in, another stunning outfit, goes straight to the publican at the bar. Somewhat sheepish, the publican asks her what she's having: 10 schooners of Reschs, please. With the whole pub watching, she downs all 10, in order, and passes out at the bar. The publican locks all the doors and puts closed signs up immediately.  This time the whole pub fucks her.  When they're all finished, they call her a taxi and carry her out. She wakes up just as she's getting in the taxi and says: ooh, you're all such gentlemen.   The next day, everyone who was in the pub last night, has told all their mates, and the pub is full to the brim. Next thing you know, the same woman walks in, with yet another classy outfit on and goes straight to the bar. The publican approaches her confidently and says: don't tell me love, 10 schooners of Reschs? She says: better make it Tooheys, Reschs tends to give me a sore cunt...
An actor walks into a bar He says, "can I get some glow tape on this thing?"
A skeleton walks into a bar Asks for a beer and a mop
A guy walks into the wrong subreddit... ...and asks if anyone remembers the joke with a punchline along the lines of "all I remember is seeing a monkey trying to put a cork back in a pig's ass".  Premise was farmer wants to fatten pig for contest/county fair, puts a cork in a pig's ass to more rapidly achieve that goal, then on the day of the fair a curious monkey turns the contest into a natural shitastophe.  Only it was actually funny when I first heard it 35 years ago...
a ham sandwich walks into a bar "A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. Bartender says, 'Sorry we don't serve food here.'" 
A Man walks into a Japanese Restaurant Man:Hello, Can I have some chili? Server:I'm sorry sir, This is a Japanese Restaurant  Man: thinks for a few second Man: Herro, Can I havo some Chiri?
A guy walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a dinner menu. The bartender hands him a dart. Puzzled, the guy asks the bartender why he gave him a dart instead of a menu.  The bartender points up to the ceiling and says "I'll make you a bet. Do you see those two ribeye steaks above you? If you can throw the dart up and make it stick to one of them, I'll give you all the drinks you want tonight and both steaks for free. If not then you have to buy a round of drinks for everyone.. What'll it be?"  After a few seconds of thinking, the guy hands the bartender back the dart and says "Nah, the steaks are too high."
A Doctor, a medical student, and a sheriff walk into a hospital They’re there to validate a man’s insanity for his upcoming court date. They walk down the hall and a police officer is sitting by the door. No one could see into the room because of a large sheet of metal bolted in place over the window.   The doctor, student, and sheriff walk into the room and the man jumps of his bare mattress on the floor, alarmed.  “Well, good morning, sir,” the doctor says, “I heard you were having some trouble?”  The man nods vigorously, “Yes sir, yes sir, it all started when I was born with one testicle and I just knew that bowling was the life for me, but alleys have always been pretty scary...” He went on talking in loose associations not making any sense, clearly not aware of his situation or where he was.  The doctor lets him go on for about a minute before stopping him, and saying “Well, thank you very much, sir, I hope you have a great day.”  The three turned and left the room.  They’re silent until they get a ways from the room and the doctor goes, “Well there you have it.” Confused, the medical student asks “What do you mean, doc?”  “Well isn’t it obvious, he’s half nuts.”
Why didn't the Mexican ever walk into a glass door again? Because Juan does not simply walk into more doors. 
Batman walks into a bar and the barman asks "what can I get you ?" Just ice...
A heartbroken guy walks into his bar and orders a strong drink. "You theem pretty upthet", the barman says, with a strong lisp, "I'm a good lithener if you wanna talk about it?"   The man swigs his beverage and tells the barman about how his wife has fallen out of love with him. He explains that he's decided to give her some room in hope that the time apart will make her miss him.  "No no, thath not the anthwer", says the barman and hands him a large bottle.  "Oh, I can't drink this", says the man, "I hate aniseed".   "It'th not for you, it'th for your wife... abthinthe makth the heart grow fonder".
A man walks into a bar. And says 'OUCH'.  It was an iron bar. 
A Pig walks into a pub. He goes up to the bar and sees a curious looking bottle bubbling away with mist emanating from the top. Slightly flummoxed he asks the barman, “What’s this about then?”  The barman replies, “Well, this is a mystic potion, a concoction of my very own. Take a sip and it’ll magically release your full potential.”  “Bullcrap” shouts the pig.  “You see that big cat over there,” the barman says, pointing at a huge lion, “He used to be a puny house kitty. He took a sip of the magic potion and now he’s King of the jungle”.  “That guy over there,” pointing to a toothy crocodile, “He used to be a tiny lizard until he took a sip of the magic potion and now now he's the top of the food chain!”  “Okay,” said the pig. He grabbed the potion and took a large swig. A puff of smoke instantly enveloped him, and as it cleared he looked down at himself in utter shock. He had been transformed into a human!  “What the hell has your potion done to me?” shouts the pig  "Hmmm", says the barman, "how do you feel?"   "I feel like... I feel... I want to be more selfish... I feel like lying, like promising the world only to not deliver..."   "Yep, as I expected", says the barman, “it's turned you into a politician”.
A guy walks into a bar And points to the top shelf and says to the bartender  “Give me ten shots of your most expensive whiskey”.    Bartender pours the shots and watches as the guy proceeds to slam them all.   Bartender looks at the man and says “That’s an awful lot of liquor to put down in such short order.”   “Well my friend, you would do the same if you had what I have.”   “What do you have?”  “About $5”
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar after a long day at the office.  On his way in, he sees a man sitting there wearing extravagant clothes, with the body of Arnold Schwarzenegger in his prime.  As he approaches the bar he notices the man has an extremely small head, which is made worse due to the disproportionatly large scale of his body.   The two start chatting and the muscular gentleman notices that the other man keeps eyeing his comical cranium, so he opens up.   “By now I’m guessing you’ve noticed the difference between my tiny skull and huge body...”   “No... I hadn’t realized until you said something,” replied the first man sheepishly.   “Let me tell you a story.  About five years ago, I was on a trip to the Middle East and came across a magic lamp.  Upon inspecting the lamp, the most beautiful genie you can image appeared and granted me three wishes.  For my first wish I asked for 50 million dollars... with the snap of a finger a full truckload of money appeared before me!  For my second wish I asked to have the body of Arnold Schwarzenegger in his prime.  Another snap of the finger and voila!  I’m jacked without stepping foot in a gym once in my life.”   “What was your third wish?” asked the first man.   “Well, to be brutally honest I had been a broke, fat slob my whole life prior to getting my first two wishes.  I saw how gorgeous the genie was and asked her to sleep with me, but she told me that this would be impossible as genies don’t have genitals.  So I said, ‘How ‘bout a little head?’”
Man walks into a bar with a cat under his arm.  He orders a gin for himself and a tonic water for his pet.   "I'll serve your gin, but I won't make him anything", says the barman, pointing at the kitty.   "Why not", asks the man  "I don't want to end up in an unresponsive stupor", the barman replies  "What are you on about?" says the man, "he's the one drinking it".   "Yeah, but that's what happens every time I get catatonic"
A short person walks into a bar. And his tall friend trips over it.
Guy walks into a bar Grabs a seat and orders a whiskey double, neat. The bartender prepares his drink with great delicacy and brings it right over. The gentleman reaches into his blazer searching frantically. This catches the bartenders attention so he monitors the patron out the corner of his eye. Finally the man finds what he's looking for and sighs a sigh of relief. He pulls out a straw and takes a sip of his whiskey. The perplexed bartender grabs his attention "I'm terribly sorry sir, was your glass dirty?" To which the man replies surprised "oh no no everything's fine! I just promised my wife I'd never put my lips on another glass of whiskey again." ��
Two scientists walk into a bar. The bartender asks what they would like to drink. The first scientist says "I'll have a glass of H2O please." The second scientist says "I'll have H2O too." The bartender gives them both water because he isn’t a moron and no bar serves hydrogen peroxide anyway.
Helvetica and Times New Roman walk into a bar. “Get out of here!” shouts the bartender. “We don’t serve your type.”
A horse walks into a bar... A horse walks into a bar.  The bartender asks "Can I get you anything?" The horse replies "I think not," a promptly disappears.     If you don't get it, it's important to first understand that the French philosopher Descartes famously said, "I think, therefore I am."  So when the horse said "I think not," then he could no longer be.    I guess I could have explained all of that before I  told the joke, but that would be putting Descartes before the horse.  
2 chemists walk into a bar The first one says that he wants some H2O. The second chemist says he want H2O too.  The second chemist dies.
C, E Flat, and G walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, no minors."
Two pieces of tarmac walk into a bar... They are both arguing about who is the toughest piece of tarmac  One says ‘Oh I’m the toughest piece of tarmac I’m from the M1, the post popular toad in Britain!’  The other says ‘I’m from the M5! my road sees the most accidents in Britain!’  They continue arguing until a green piece of tarmac walks into the bar. The other 2 scurry off and hide in the corners. The green tarmac comes in, orders it’s drink, finishes it’s drink, and leaves.  The other 2 pieces of tarmac come back out of hiding to finish their drinks, so the bar tender asks them ‘if you’re both so tough, why did you both run away when that green piece of tarmac came in?’  They both answer in unison ‘Did you not know, he’s a cycle-path!’
A member of ISIS walks into a candy store. *ALLAHU SNACKBAR!*
Three IT Guys walk into a bar. Three I.T. Guys walk into a bar. A sysadmin, a help desk tech, and a network engineer.   The Network engineer immediately starts a conversation with everyone at the bar. The help desk tech orders a drink for himself and starts asking a crying girl how he can help solve her problems. The bartender looks at the Sysadmin who is watching the Help desk Tech. "What will it be?"  The sysadmin takes a long look at the bartender, then walks over to the networking tech, and watches him for a minute before heading over the the help desk tech. The Help desk Tech is still trying to figure out why the girl is crying at the bar. He looks over the situation for a second and orders the girl a drink. She stops crying, takes her drink and walks over to networking to join in the conversation.   Dumbfounded, The Help desk tech asked how the Sysadmin knew what to do.  "It was a simple fix, she just needed to communicate with the server." 
A man walks into a bar and the bartender asks "so what'll it be?"  The man sighs, and takes a seat.  After a long pause he says "I'll take a pint of ale, but after I tell you this story, you may end up buying it for me."  "Well, I guess it'd have to be one hell of a story."  "Well, you see, you know that woman up there?" He says pointing at the portrait of the queen hanging over the bar.  "You mean The Queen?"  "Yeah... well she comes from the family of Windsor."  "Yes, everyone knows that."  "Well, her great, great grandfather was an Earl in the Court of King George III."  "OK, that I didn't know...go on."  "Yes, he went and fought in the American Revolution, served in Virginia with Cornwallis."  "Fascinating."  "Well, this man led the Kings Dragoons- you know horse soldiers."  "Calvary".  "Yeah, similar in concept... those dragoons had these big, fast horses which were fearless...truly impressive beasts."  "Yeah, they still have them."  "Well, the Earls horse was the biggest, fastest and meanest of them all.  He was called pickles."  "That's not an intimidating name."  "I know, but Pickles sure made up for it with his attitude and demeanor.  Only the Earl could ride or handle him, had a nasty habit of biting the stable boys."  "Sounds like a handful."  "Yeah, especially when he got some of the devils drink in him."  "They fed him whisky?"  "No... he went and got it."  "From where?"  "The horse would just walk into the local pub."  "Really?"  "And the bartender would ask him 'Why the long face?"  
A guy walks into a bar in West Virginia and orders a white wine. All the hillbillies sitting around the bar look up from their beer and whiskey,expecting to see some pitiful Yankee from the north. The bartender says, "You ain't from around here, are ya?" The guy says, "No, I'm from Canada." " Canada " The bartender says, "What do you do in Canada?" The guy says, "I'm a taxidermist." The bartender says, "A taxidermist? What in the hell is a taxidermist? Do you drive a taxi?" "No," says the Canadian "I don't drive a taxi, I mount animals." The bartender grins and hollers, "It's okay boys. He's one of us."  
A man walks into a shop and says, "I'd like to buy a wasp". The shopkeeper says, "We don't sell wasps".   To which the man replies,"Oh, you've got one in the window".
A dyslexic man walks into a bra... He then realized that he walked into a bra, threw out the bra, and continued on his way to the bar...
A man walks into a bar and sees his friend sitting beside a 12-inch pianist He says to his friend, "That's amazing. How did you get that?"  The man pulls out a bottle and tells him to rub it and make a wish.  He rubs the bottle, and a puff of smoke pops out and tells him that he can have one wish.   So the man thinks and says, "I wish I had a million bucks." The genie says, "OK, go outside, and your wish will be granted."  The man goes outside, but all he finds are ducks filling the sky and roads.   He goes back in and tells his friend what happend? and his friend replies, "I know. Did you really think I wanted a 12-inch pianist?"
Two Soldiers Walk Into A Bar... It’s the height of the Vietnam War, and deep in the jungles U.S. Army Privates Chip and Dan have just been promoted to Sergeants.  Now Chip hasn’t always been the brightest bulb, and he’s been known to need some time to process big changes.  As Chip and Dan are doing their rounds one afternoon, Dan sees a cantina up the street. He leans over to his friend and says, “Hey Chip, lets swing by that bar and take a load off.”   Now it takes Chip a moment to think it over when he says, “Dan, we can’t go into that there bar. We’re Privates, and only Sergeants and above can hangout off base!”  Dan laughs at his dull friend and retorts, “Chip, bud, we aren’t Privates, we’re Sergeants now!” And they saunter on in.  The duo head in and take two stools and Dan wastes no time ordering two cold beers over. Now Chip starts getting nervous and he leans over to Dan and whispers, “Dan I don’t know about this... Privates aren’t supposed to drink! Only Sergeants and above are allowed to consume alcohol!”  Dan chuckles, shaking his head at his simple friends worries; “Chip ol’ pal, your forgetting; Privates can’t drink, but we’re Sergeants now! Take a load off!” And upon this realization, Chip relaxes a little and the two enjoy a few more beers together.  The night rolls on and the two get pretty tipsy when later in the evening Dan draws the attention of a young prostitute. She is very interested in Dan, but she leans over and whispers to him, “Baby I think your very cute, I’d love to show you a good time, I’ve just got Gonorrhea so I’ll let you decide if you want me tonight.”  Now Dan isn’t too fluent in Vietnamese, so he leans over to Chip and asks, “Chip, can you do me a favor. I don’t know what ‘Gonorrhea’ means; Can you run back to base and see what you can find out? If it’s a good thing, just give me a thumbs up and I’ll see you tomorrow morning.”  Chip agrees, runs back to base, and about an hour later returns to the door of the bar and gives Dan a thumbs up and an all clear.  A week goes by and Dan is in the medical wing on base groaning and moaning about his unfortunate ailment when Chip comes by to visit him.  “Damn it Chip! You said Gonorrhea was a good thing!,” shouted Dan.  “No,” said Chip smiling, “You see, I looked it up, and Gonorrhea effects only the privates, but you don’t need to worry because we’re Sergeants now.”
A Man Walks Into A Bar. Ten years of hard work and savvy networking later, he runs a highly successful law firm.
A blind man walks into a bar .. and a table. And some chairs.
A Chinese man walks into a bar A Chinese man walks into a bar and starts drinking a beer. The man next to him asks, "Do you know Kung Fu? Or Karate? Taekwondo? Any martial arts maybe?"   The Chinese man replies in disgust, "You think that just because I'm Chinese I know martial arts? That's racist!"  "Good, because you're drinking my beer," was all the Chinese man heard, before he got knocked out with a punch.
A man walks into a psychiatrist’s office wearing nothing but plastic wrap The doctor takes one look at him and says “Well, I can clearly see your nuts.”
A vegan, a bitcoin trader, and someone who didnt vote in 2016 all walk into a bar. Who tells you about it first?
A man walks into a library... And he asks "Excuse me, is The Big Book of Turtles in?"  "Hard back?"  "Yeah, with little heads"
David Lynch walks into a bar... Luscious green grass covers the pavement. A corner is on fire, but nobody seems to notice. David Lynch sits on a stool and stares at the barowner, which dies.  Cut, we're in a factory. Hundreds of workers pick up toys from a production line to disassemble them. Each and every toy piece is thrown in an incinerator. A man overlooks all this and laughs.  Cut. Smoke exhales out of a seashell. Fade to purple.
A man walks into a zoo... The only animal in the zoo, was a dog, it was a shitzu...
A North Korean, United States, and Irish Politician walk into a bar. They all order a beer. Upon going to drink them they notice a fly is floating in each of their beers.   The North Korean politician, outraged, declares war and that he will destroy the bar for allowing this to happen.  The politician from the United States declares tighter sanctions and regulations be imposed on the restaurant / bar industry immediately.  The Irish politician picks up the fly by its wings, looks it in the eye and screams, "Spit it out ye bastard!!!"
A lawyer walks into a Bar "Can I help you?" Someone asks. Lawyer: "No, I'll pass" 
A man walks into a bar He says to the guy next to him “feminists are pricks” The guy next to him says “I find that offensive.” The first man says “ Oh so you’re a feminist?” The guy next to him replies with “No, I’m a prick”
An Arab walks into a gay bar ... Goes to the bartender and says shots for everyone.
A blind man walks into a bar And a stool, and a chair.
A new guy in town walks into a bar and notices a large jar filled to the brim with $10 bills. The man approaches the bartender and asks, "What's up with the jar?" "Well, you pay $10, and if you pass three tests, then you get all the money."                                             “What are the three tests?" asks the man    “Gotta pay first."    So the guy gives him the $10 bucks, and the bartender adds it to the jar.    “OK, here's what you have to do. First, you have to drink that whole bottle of pepper tequila -- the WHOLE thing at once -- and you can't make a face while doing it. Second, there's a pit bull chained up out back with a sore tooth. You have to remove the tooth with your bare hands. Third, there is a 90-year-old woman upstairs who's never had an orgasm in her life. You gotta make things right for her."    “Well, I know I've paid my $10 bucks," says the man, "but I'm not an idiot. No wonder you've collected so much money -- that's impossible!"    The new guy proceeds to drink several whiskeys, and eventually, he gets up his nerve.    “Wherez zat teeqeelah?" he slurs.    He grabs the bottle of pepper tequila with both hands and downs it, gulp by gulp. Tears are streaming down his cheeks, but he doesn't make a face. Next, he staggers out back. Everyone in the bar hears a huge scuffle outside -- barking, yelping and growling, then silence.  Just when they think the man must be dead, he staggers back into the bar with his shirt ripped and gashes across his body.    “NOW," he says, "wherez at ol' lady with the sore tooth?"  Edit: thanks for all the upvotes! This is my most upvoted post.
A man walks into his house with a duck under his arm. (NSFW) His wife, sitting on the couch, looks up.  He says “well, this is the cow I’ve been fucking”  His wife shakes her head, “you’re drunk, that’s no cow, it’s a duck”  The man says “I was talking to the duck”
An Englishman, Irishman and Scotsman walk into a bar... The barman says: "Is this some kind of joke?"
A guy walks into a bar... and he sees a really small man playing the piano. He asks the bartender where he came from, and the bartender says that there's a genie in the back. The man doesn't believe him but goes anyway.   He opens the door, and BAM, there's a genie. The genie tells him he can make one wish.  'I wish for one million bucks'  The genie clicks his fingers, and suddenly, one million ducks appear. The man is very annoyed, and goes back to the bartender.  'I think your genie has a hearing problem' the man says.  'You don't say, do you think I asked for a twelve inch pianist'
A Skeleton walks into a Bar. He asks for a pint of lager and a mop and bucket.
Kermit the frog walks into a bank... He wants to get a loan and so he speaks to the bank’s loan officer, Mr. Paddywack. Mr. Paddywack asks Kermit how much money he wants to borrow and what is the purpose of the loan. Kermit replies that he needs $5,000 to fix up his lilly pad and to do some other swamp maintenance. Mr. Paddywack is intrigued and says the bank could help its most famous client but also wanted to know if Kermit had any collateral to secure the loan. Kermit reaches into his satchel and pulls out a small golden statue of Ms. Piggy. The loan officer, having never seen anything like it, asked Kermit what exactly it was, but Kermit didn’t know. Mr. Paddywack, still trying to help Kermit, decided that he would try to clear the loan with his boss, the bank manager. He called the manager and the manager said he would come right down and assist with the valuation of the collateral. After a few minutes, the bank manager came down and asked to see what collateral Kermit had. Kermit showed him the statute and the manager inspected it. After looking at the statute for a minute the manager said “it’s a knick-knack Paddywack give the frog a loan.”
A Ziggs walks into a bar... Xigbar!  (If there's at least one person out there who gets my references it would make my day.)
A ten-year-old boy walks into a brothel... And he has a long string. Tied to the end of the string is a huge frog, a frog the size of a dinner plate, that has been squished flat. He walks up to the madam of the brothel and says "I want to fuck one of your girls."  The madam thinks for a moment and figures the place is illegal any way so why the fuck not? She agrees.   The kid says, "But I want to fuck one of your dirty girls, one that I could catch something from."  The madam is offended, "This is a clean establishment!"  After a little discussion it is settled that there is, in fact, a dirty girl in room 7. She has gonorrhea.  "Why would you ever want to sleep with an infected girl?" asks the madam.   "Where here's the thing: I'm getting babysat tonight. And my babysitter? Real sick fuck, she's gonna rape me. So I figure I can give her the clap.   "And then my dad, when he drives her home, is gonna fuck her and she will give him the clap.   "Then when he comes home and fucks my mom she will get the clap.   "And tomorrow when she fucks the mailman she will give him the clap.   "And he is the son-of-a-bitch who ran over my frog."  
A man walks into an antique store and starts looking around. Suddenly, he gazes upon the most beautiful bronze statue of a siamese cat. He asks the store owner how much he wants for the statue. The store owner replies "It's $100 for the statue and $1000 for the story that goes with it." The man replies "I really don't care about the story, but I do want the statue. As the man is paying for the statue, the shop owner says "All right, but I guarantee you will be back for the story." The man walks out of the shop and starts down the street carrying the cat statue. When he comes to the crosswalk, he happens to glance behind him and sees 3 or 4 cats sitting about 10 feet away, looking at him. He shrugs it off and crosses when the light changes. He goes several more blocks and, at another crosswalk, looks behind himself again. This time there are about 30 cats sitting there looking at him. The man starts to get a little nervous and picks up his pace when the light changes. By the time the man reaches the pier at the end of the street, he has now been running for several blocks. He was running because every time he turned around, there were more and more cats behind him. He looked like the pied piper. When he got to the end of the pier, he turned around once more and saw at least 10,000 cats sitting there looking at him. There were so many cats that there was no way to get off the pier without going through them and he knew there was no way he was going to do that. In a panic, he turned toward the water and heaved the statue as far as he could. Amazingly, all of the cats ran right past him and jumped in the water after the statue and drowned. The man, still shaking from his ordeal, immediately started running back to the shop. As he burst through the door, the shop owner saw him and said "I told you that you would be back for the story." The man replied "The hell with the story, gimme a statue of a Mexican!"
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. After having the beer, he asks the bartender for the bill. "$3", says the bartender.  The man just for fun goes on and places $1 coin on the three ends of the table. The bartender gives him a bad look but has no other option but to pick them up.  This happened for 3-4 days and everyday the bartender felt humiliated.  Next time, he orders a beer but couldn't find three $1 coins to pay the bill. So, he hands the bartender a $5 note. Now, the bartender gets all excited and thinks that it is his day to avenge the hard time he had because of this man. He then places the two $1 coins at the opposite ends of the table.  Now, with a shrewd smile and with all the excitement he goes to the man and says, "Go on, collect your change".  The man then takes out a $1 coin from his pocket and puts it in front of the bartender and says, "One more beer please."
So This Gentleman Strolls Into A Bar. This gentleman strolls into a bar and demands from the bartender an entire bottle of his finest scotch for FREE. "No way you're gonna get it for free pal. But in exchange I do have two things that need to get done around here." "Name it &amp; I'll do it!!" he says to the bartender. "Alright but you're not going to like it. I've got a diseased and feral dog in the basement that needs one of his rotten teeth removed, AND just for the hell of it.....go fuck that fat old granny over there on the barstool."  Without hesitation the man runs downstairs with some pliers.  There's lots of growling, grunting, and barking. This goes on NONSTOP for hours..... Suddenly the man bursts open the basement-door, sweaty and covered in blood with his clothes in shreds, he then runs over to the old woman and rips out her tooth.....
Two men walk into a bar The first orders some h2o. The second says, "that sounds good, I'll have some h2o too"   The second man died. 
A masochist walks into a bar... "Ohh yeahhh"
CEOs of Carsberg, Heineken, Becks and Guiness walk into a bar CEO of Carlsberg orders a bottle of Carlsberg.  CEO of Heineken orders a bottle of Heineken.  CEO of Becks orders a bottle of Becks.  CEO of Guiness orders diet coke with no ice.   They turn around and ask him why he ordered coke. He responds " Nobody's drinking beer. Didn't want to be the only one " 
A man walks into a bar and he sees this small man playing the piano. The man, astounded, asks the bartender why there is a small man playing the piano in the bar. The bartender pulls out a dusty old lamp and says that there is a genie in there and that he would grant one wish to anyone who frees him. So the man walks outside the bar with the lamp, rubs it and sure enough a genie comes out. "Thank you for freeing me. For this, you can have one wish." So the man thinks for a bit and shouts, "I want a million ducks!" and as soon as he said it, money fell from the sky, hundreds and thousands of cash scattered everywhere. So the man collects all the cash and walks back into the bar to return the lamp. The bartender, who witnessed the whole event asks, "Wow, how did you know that the genie was hard of hearing?" "Well," the man replies, "I see this joke posted here every day."
A Grasshopper walks into a bar He sits down and orders a drink. The bartender gets his drink and hands it to him. "You know, we have a drink named after you," says the bartender trying to make small talk. The grasshopper looks up and says, "You have a drink named Steve?"
A man walks into a bar He sees a young woman sitting alone at a table. He decides to walk over and talk to her:  Man: Hey, I'm Eric, do you mind if I sit here?  Woman: Not at all, I'm Rachael.   Man: so what do you do for a living?  Woman: I'm a teacher   Man: I knew it. The first thing i thought when i saw you was "she looks like a school".   Woman: What makes you say that?  Man: I just knew I wanted to shoot some kids in you.   
I guy walks into a bar... Inside he sees a girl that he thinks looks hot. He walks up to her and starts to talk, then stops. The girl is confused and asks "Were you going to say something?" The guy smiles and says "I was gonna tell you a joke about my penis, but it's too long." He sits down next the girl. The girl. Begins to say something but stops. The guy asks if she was going to say something. The girl smiles and says "I was going to tell you a joke about my vagina, but you'll never get it."
A guy walks into a bar and orders a fruit punch. The bartender says " if you want to get a fruit punch then you have to wait in line" But there was no punch line
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his britches... When the bartender pointed it out, the pirate says, "aye, it's driving me nuts!"  It's all I've got today.  But enjoyed it so passing it along to all y'all.
2 guys walk into a bar They died the next day due to traumatic brain injury.
A guy walks into a bar and sees a girl. Guy: You're the most average girl here  Girl: You're so mean  Guy: No, you are
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says, "Why the long f--" when suddenly the horse cuts him off.  "I've heard that a million times. 'Why the long face, haha!' I hear that everywhere I go."  "Oh, I'm sorry to hear that," says the bartender. "Other than that, how's your life?"  The horse responds with, "Stable."
A racist walks into Abar And gets the shit beat out of him.
A man walks into a bar and sees his friend sitting beside a 12-inch pianist. He says to his friend, "That's amazing. How did you get that?" The man pulls out a bottle and tells him to rub it and make a wish. He rubs the bottle, and a puff of smoke pops out and tells him that he can have one wish. So the man thinks and says, "I wish I had a million bucks." The genie says, "OK, go outside, and your wish will be granted." The man goes outside, but all he finds are ducks filling the sky and roads. He goes back in and tells his friend what happend, and his friend replies, "I know. Did you really think I wanted a 12-inch pianist?" 
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first mathematician orders a beer  The second orders half a beer  "I don't serve half-beers" the bartender replies  "Excuse me?" Asks mathematician #2  "What kind of bar serves half-beers?" The bartender remarks. "That's ridiculous."  "Oh c'mon" says mathematician #1 "do you know how hard it is to collect an infinite number of us? Just play along"  "There are very strict laws on how I can serve drinks. I couldn't serve you half a beer even if I wanted to."  "But that's not a problem" mathematician #3 chimes in "at the end of the joke you serve us a whole number of beers. You see, when you take the sum of a continuously halving function-"  "I know how limits work" interjects the bartender  "Oh, alright then. I didn't want to assume a bartender would be familiar with such advanced mathematics"  "Are you kidding me?" The bartender replies, "you learn limits in like, 9th grade! What kind of mathematician thinks limits are advanced mathematics?"  "HE'S ON TO US" mathematician #1 screeches  Simultaneously, every mathematician opens their mouth and out pours a cloud of multicolored mosquitoes. Each mathematician is bellowing insects of a different shade.  The mosquitoes form into a singular, polychromatic swarm. "FOOLS" it booms in unison, "I WILL INFECT EVERY BEING ON THIS PATHETIC PLANET WITH MALARIA"  The bartender stands fearless against the technicolor hoard. "But wait" he inturrupts, thinking fast, "if you do that, politicians will use the catastrophe as an excuse to implement free healthcare. Think of how much that will hurt the taxpayers!"  The mosquitoes fall silent for a brief moment. "My God, you're right. We didn't think about the economy! Very well, we will not attack this dimension. FOR THE TAXPAYERS!" and with that, they vanish.  A nearby barfly stumbles over to the bartender. "How did you know that that would work?"  "It's simple really" the bartender says. "I saw that the vectors formed a gradient, and therefore must be conservative."
A weasel walks into a bar. The Bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get you?" "Pop," goes the weasel.
A guy walks into a bar and asks for a beer "That'll be five dollars", says the bartender, and the guy throws 20 quarters onto the floor. Reluctantly, the bartender picks up the coins and serves the beer.  The next day, the guy comes into the bar, asks for a beer, throws 20 quarters onto the floor, etc.  The next day, again.  On the fourth day, he asks for a beer, and hands the bartender a 10$ bill. The bartender takes advantage of his chance for revenge, throws 20 quarters onto the floor and yells "here's your change asshole!"  The guy looks down at the coins and says: "I'll have another beer, please."
A guy walks into a bar and orders a drink. After a few more he needs to go to the can He doesn't want anyone to steal his drink so he puts a sign on it saying, "I spat in this beer, do not drink!".  After a few minutes he returns and there is another sign next to his beer saying, "So did I!"
The Terminator T-100 walks into a bar and says, "Gimmie a screwdriver! I need to loosen up."
A gamer walks into a bar... ...and asks the barkeep "you got a console to play on?" And the barkeep says "yeah, but only have one game for it." The gamer shrugs, orders a cider and sits down to play.   While he's playing another guy walks in and says "hey, that guy with the cider is playing my game!" And the barkeep asks "oh did you want a turn?" And he says "no, I mean I'm the developer, I made the game." So the barkeep says "oh shit, have a free beer then." So the developer takes the beer and sits next to the gamer to watch him play.  Then a third guy walks in and says to the barkeep "oh shit, that guy with the beer is a famous developer!" And runs over, kneels in front of the dev, and puts his dick in his mouth and just goes to town deepthroating it.  Then the guy sucking on the dick turns to the gamer and tries to talk to him with the dick in his mouth. This distracts the gamer and he dies.  Enraged, he asks "why the fuck were you distracting me?" And the guy takes the dick out of his mouth and says "I was trying to tell you my review of the game." So the gamer asks "why would you try to review a game with the dev's dick in your mouth?"  "Because I work for IGN."
A drunk man walks into a bar He gave himself concussion 
A bunny walks into a bar A bunny walks into a bar, orders a beer from the bartender...  I dont remember how it ends, but your mothers a whore.
Lavoisier, Davy, Arrhenius, Brønsted and Lowry walk into a bar Lavoisier orders a drink and takes a sip, but realises there’s something wrong with it. He turns to Davy and asks “hey man, my drink doesn’t taste right. Could you give it a quick sip?” Davy takes a sip, and figures out that to fix it, another drink should be added to it. So he calls out to the bartender and makes a special request to mix it in with another drink of his choosing, and after the bartender gives the two drinks a good mix, he serves it back to Davy.   Davy takes a gulp and notices that it’s starting to taste less funny, but there’s still something missing. He passes it to Arrhenius, who was already listening in. He gives it a taste, and realises that the drink probably wasn’t shaken well enough, so he asks the bartender to beat it using an egg beater rather than just shaking it.  After spending a good minute or two thoroughly beating it, he hands it over to Arrhenius again, who tries it out. “It’s almost there, I can feel it. But there’s one little thing missing I can’t put my finger on”  So then Brønsted and Lowry chime in, suggesting they could try to fix it. They both halve the drink into two glasses and try out a sip.  Determining that it’s just missing fruit juices, they call out to the bartender to add some sweet lemon juice. The bartender squeezes it in, gives it a thorough mix and serves it to them.  Having convinced themselves they finally managed to get the drink right, they both clink their glasses and take a sip.  They immediately fall to the ground gargling saliva as the alcoholic beverage begins pouring out of a burning hole from their throats.  I spent a good 20 minutes coming up with this joke please forgive any grammatical errors  
Weary man walks into a bar... Inside it's warm and someone out of sight is playing a piano. The music soothes the man and the weight of the world is totally lifted from his shoulders. It's so soft and lilting he feels like he's bathing in it.  He goes to the barkeep and orders a beer.  "Hey," he says to bartender, "Who's this playing the piano?"  "Oh, that's Richard. He's over there on the mantel." To one side of the bar there's a fireplace and sitting on the mantelpiece is a tiny piano, with an even tinier player at it. The man is flabbergasted.  "What the hell...? How did he get so small?" he asks.  "Well, it's the genie you see. I found a lamp last time I went abroad. You can have a go if you like."  "Really?!"  The barkeep shrugs, producing the lamp from beneath the counter. "Sure you can. There's just one thing..." But it's already too late. The man rubs the lamp and the genie emerges from the spout.  "What is your wish, my son?"  "I want a million bucks!" The man is ecstatic.  "But of course." The genie claps his hands and the bar is immediately packed full of ducks. They're squawking and quacking, feathers and bird shit are going everywhere and the patrons all cover their beers and dive under the tables. The man is confused. "I didn't want a million ducks! What the hell is this all about?!" He looks angrily at the bartender.  The bartender looks resigned and only says, "I never wanted a twelve inch pianist, but here we are."
An infinite amount of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first mathematician orders a beer  The second orders half a beer  "I don't serve half-beers" the bartender replies  "Excuse me?" Asks mathematician #2  "What kind of bar serves half-beers?" The bartender remarks. "That's ridiculous."  "Oh c'mon" says mathematician #1 "do you know how hard it is to collect an infinite number of us? Just play along"  "There are very strict laws on how I can serve drinks. I couldn't serve you half a beer even if I wanted to."  "But that's not a problem" mathematician #3 chimes in "at the end of the joke you serve us a whole number of beers. You see, when you take the sum of a continuously halving function-"  "I know how limits work" interjects the bartender  "Oh, alright then. I didn't want to assume a bartender would be familiar with such advanced mathematics"  "Are you kidding me?" The bartender replies, "you learn limits in like, 9th grade! What kind of mathematician thinks limits are advanced mathematics?"  "HE'S ON TO US" mathematician #1 screeches  Simultaneously, every mathematician opens their mouth and out pours a cloud of multicolored mosquitoes. Each mathematician is bellowing insects of a different shade.  The mosquitoes form into a singular, polychromatic swarm. "FOOLS" it booms in unison, "I WILL INFECT EVERY BEING ON THIS PATHETIC PLANET WITH MALARIA"  The bartender stands fearless against the technicolor hoard. "But wait" he inturrupts, thinking fast, "if you do that, politicians will use the catastrophe as an excuse to implement free healthcare. Think of how much that will hurt the taxpayers!"  The mosquitoes fall silent for a brief moment. "My God, you're right. We didn't think about the economy! Very well, we will not attack this dimension. FOR THE TAXPAYERS!" and with that, they vanish.  A nearby barfly stumbles over to the bartender. "How did you know that that would work?"  "It's simple really" the bartender says. "I saw that the vectors formed a gradient, and therefore must be conservative."
Three Guys Walk Into Bar [long] Three men walk into a bar. Bartender looks each one up and down and says "I bet I can tell where each of yawl is from just by lookin at you, and if I'm wrong, I'll buy each of you a round of drinks." The men snicker among themselves and shake his hand, excited they're about to get their drink on for free.   First guy steps up, bartender gives him a quick glance over then tells him "Well, you're from Georgia." The man was dumbstruck, demanding how he could have known that. "Well you got that Georgia red clay on your boots."   Next guy steps up, swings his boot up on a chair and asks "alright, where am I from?" Bartender takes a longer look then snaps his finger. "Oh, you're from Texas." Second man was even more upset than the first, "How in the hell did you figure that out?!" To which the bartender calmly replied "Easy, you got that Texas manure on your boots."   The third guy stood a bit further back, he was on to this bartender by now. He took his time to shine his boots up real well, then stepped up to the bar with a cocky swagger. "Alright genius, where am I from?!" The bartender stepped back, then instantly retorted "Oh that's easy. You're from Montana." The third guy stood there with his jaw on the floor, flabbergasted, clearly the bartender was cheating somehow. "How in the hell did you know that, I polished up my boots and everything!"   To which the bartender replied with a snicker; "Yeah. But you left that sheep fuzz by your zipper."
Duck walks into a gas station Duck: Do you have any grapes?  Attendant: No this is a gas station, we don’t sell grapes here.   Duck leaves and comes back the next day and goes to the same guy   Duck:  Do you have any grapes?  Attendant:  I told you yesterday we don’t have any grapes.   Duck leaves and comes back the next day and goes to the same guy again   Duck:  Do you have any grapes?  Attendant: Listen you! This is the third damn day you come here asking for grapes. If you come back here again asking for grapes, I’m going to nail your little duck feet to the ground!   Duck leaves and comes back the next day and goes to the same guy  Duck:  Do you have any nails?  Attendant: No  Duck: Do you have any grapes?
A dad walks into a bakery... ...and he asks, "Hey do you have any big pieces of shortbread?"  The baker responds, "No, we don't make them any longer."
Q: A man walks into the bar and sees a sign:   Handjob: $5  Cheese sandwich: $2     He walks over to the bartender, a big boobied blonde, and asks,     “Are you the one giving out handjobs?”     “Why yes I am!”, she replied, smiling and sticking out her chest.     “Okay,” he said.     A: “Now wash your hands and make me a cheese sandwich!”
A girl walks into a tattoo parlor and explains that she's always wanted a tattoo of her favorite country music star on the inside of her thigh... She's really conflicted though, because she can't decide between her two favorites, Conway Twitty or George Jones.   The tattoo artist offers a solution: he would do both Conway Twitty AND George Jones, one on each thigh, for only $200 with a free money-back guarantee...if she doesn't like his work, she doesn't have to pay.  She agrees that's a hell of a deal, so she hops up in the chair, hikes up her skirt and the tattoo artist goes straight to work. He works with dedication and concentration throughout most of the day, first on one thigh and then the other. Hours pass before he finally finishes. He stands up and admires his work and holding a mirror between the girl's knees, he asks her what she thinks of the two tattoos.  "That looks nothing like Conway Twitty OR George Jones," the girl shouts, "and I'm not paying you one damn dollar!"  "The hell you're not," replied the tattoo artist, "this is some of the best work I've ever done!"  "BULLSHIT!" screams the girl, "I ain't paying!"  The artist has an idea. "Tell you what," he says, "let's put it to a vote. We'll go outside and ask the first person we see what they think of the tattoos. If they can recognize Conway &amp; George, you're paying! If not, they're free."  The girl agrees, and the two walk outside. There happens to be a homeless man, clearly drunk and sitting on the sidewalk outside the tattoo shop, and the tattoo artist approaches him and explains their predicament and asks the man to judge the tattoos to see if he can recognize who they are.  The homeless man agrees to help, so the girl walks over to where he is sitting, lifts her skirt and opens her legs in the man's face so he can get a good look at the two tattoos.  The homeless man, stroking his chin, carefully studies first one tattoo, then the other, then goes back to the first. Several minutes go by and this continues, the homeless man looking back and forth every minute or so until finally the girl says, "Well, what do you think? Do you recognize these guys or not?! I don't have all day!"  "Well," the homeless man says, pointing at one tattooed thigh, "I dont know who this is, and I don't recognize the other feller neither, but goddammit if that ain't old Willie Nelson there in the middle!"
A Jaguar Walks into a Bar.. A black jaguar walks into a bar. Says his name is Bagheera. Orders a whiskey and a grilled cheese sammich. Everyone moves away a few spaces to let him drink in peace. He becomes a regular and the bar fights completely stop because most folks with sense will become more subdued in the presence of an uncaged black jaguar.  The bar owner eventually retires. He sells the bar to Bagheera who changes the name of the bar to Bagheera's Best Behaved Bar and Grill. Bagheera's rich now because it turns out a lot of people appreciate a free side order of peace and quiet with their whiskey and grilled cheese sammich.
Three nuns walk into a bar The bouncer stops them on their way in and says “Alright sisters, before you go in I’ll have to ask you some questions.” The nuns agreed and the bouncer asked the first nun  “Who was the first Male on earth?”  The nun responded with “Adam!” And was allowed into the bar.  The second nun was asked “What animal convinced eve to defy god?”  The nun answered “a serpent!” And was allowed in.  For the final nun the bouncer asked “What was the first thing eve said to Adam when they met?”  The nun confused said “That’s a hard one!” And was allowed into the bar
Three aspiring lawyers walk into a bar. Just kidding, they passed it.
A horse, a dog, and a penguin walk into a bar. The bartender says to the bouncer, "Seriously, Frankie, why are we even paying you?"
So two guys walk into a bar.. Which is wired cause you'd think after the first guy walked into it, the other guy would just walk around
A priest, a rabbi, and a minister walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
A termite walks into a bar... And he asks, "is the bar tender here?" 
John Glenn and Carrie Fisher walk into a bar... The bartender asks "what can I get for you two?". Carrie responds "2 Deathstars".
Two vultures walk into an airport. The first vulture has a fox and a rabbit in its suitcase. The other has two squirrels and a racoon. They are just about to board their plane when the flight attended stops the second vulture.  "I'm sorry, only two carrion per passenger."
A string walks into a bar... He quietly walks up to the bar after having an extremely long and terrible day. His wife left him this morning for a rope, his boss sent him on the worst task and then fired him for not completing it quick enough, then he wrecked his car on the way home.  Once he gets to the bar he has a seat and looks around for the bartender. He calls the bartender over at which he gets ignored several times until finally the bartender finally comes over.   "What can I get for you tonight, sir?" Says the bartender.  "I would like a shot of the strongest tequila you have." Says the string.  Bartender- "wait a minute, are you a string?"  String- "why yes I am."  Bartender- "I'm sorry, but we don't serve strings here. I'm going to have to ask you to leave."  So the string calmly gets up and leaves while wondering what it is the establishment had against a string like himself. He proceeded to walk down the street looking for another bar to get his shot of tequila.   He finally comes across another and walks in and up to the bar, has a seat, and then waves the bartender over. The bartender comes up and asks him what he'd like to have. He replies, "I would like a shot of your strongest tequila." The bartender tells him no problem, walks over to get a shot glass and puts the tequila in front of the string when the bartender finally asks, "Hey, you wouldn't happen to be a string would you?"  String- "yes, i am"  Bartender- "I'm sorry but we don't serve strings here. You're gonna have to leave."  The string angrily gets up and leaves and begins walking down the street for another bar that will serve him. Not too long of a walk before he comes to another and he quickly and confidently walks in and sits at the bar and waves the bartender over, but before he can even get the bartenders attention the bar security team tackles him and yells, "NO STRINGS ALLOWED, GET THE HELL OUT!!" And they beat him up a little and throw him out on to the streets.  The string gets up and is extremely pissed off. His stomach gets twisted and his arms are all over the place. His head is racing and turning about the reason they won't let him get a drink. He crosses his legs and his arms and walks into the next bar he sees. He plops down into the barstool and calls the bartender over and asks for a shot of tequila. The bartender looks him up and down suspiciously and then finally asks, "Are you a string?"  And the string says, "No Sir, I'm afraid I'm knot!"  *END*   What's really funny is that you spent this whole time reading this for a stupid pun! 
One Saturday, a man walks into a bar, orders 5 whiskies and proceeds to drink them casually over the next hour or two. The next Saturday he does the same, and the same again the week after. On the 4th week the bartender asks why he doesn't just order the whiskies one at a time so the man explains that each whisky represents one of his brothers and he drinks them together to remind him of the good times they used to have growing up. The bartender nods and leaves him to his drinks.  This tradition continues every week for well over a year until one day the man just orders 4 whiskies. The bartender, assuming the worst, offers the man his condolences and asks which one of his brothers had passed. So the man explains, 'my brothers are fine but the doctor said that I'm not allowed to drink any more."
Doctor Strange walks into a bar Doctor Strange walks into a bar  Doctor Strange walks into a bar  Doctor Strange walks into a bar  Doctor Strange  Doctor Strange walks into   Doctor Strange walks into a bar  Doctor   D  Doctor Strange wa  Doctor Strange walks in  Doc  Doctor Stran  "DORMAMU, I'VE COME TO BARGAIN"
Two scientists walk into a bar... The first scientist says to the bartender, "I'll have some H2O." The bartender nods and gives the man a glass of water.   The second scientists says, "I'll have some H2O, too."   The bartender nods and gives the man a glass of water as well, because he speaks English and understands that the second scientist, rather than requesting a drink which would kill him, simply wanted a glass of water in addition to his friend's.
A man walks into a bar and asks for 20 year old scotch A businessman walks into a bar a little before lunch. No one else is in the bar yet, except for the bartender reading the paper and a barfly down at the end of the bar, surrounded by empty glasses.  The man asks the bartender for a glass of his finest 20 year old scotch, neat. The bartender reaches under the bar and pours the man a glass of scotch. The man throws it back, swishes it around, and then spits it out. "This is 5 year old scotch, I asked for 20 year old!"  The bartender nods, grabs a bottle off the shelf behind the bar and pours the glass. The man throws it back, swishes it around, and then spits it out. "This is 10 year old scotch! I asked for 20 year old! Stop dicking around!"  The bartender holds up his hands, goes into a backroom, comes out with a bottle and pours the glass. The man throws it back, swishes it around, and then swallows. "Ah! Thank you, that was very good 20 year old scotch."  Meanwhile, the barfly has been watching all this and is greatly impressed. He takes one of his many empties, pisses in it, and brings it to the man. "Here, drink this!"  The man throws it back, swishes it around, and then spits it out. "This is piss!" he exclaims.  "Yeah," says the barfly, "but how old am I?"
A racist, a ego-maniac, and a chauvinist pig walk into a bar... ...The bartender says, "What'll it be Mr. President?"
Two midgets walk into a bar... Can I see some ID please?
A Preist, A Rabbi and A Minister walk into a bar.. not realizing it was lower in the door frame than they had expected. 
A video game character walks into a health bar... ... and he remarks "that's the fourth wall I've walked into today!"
A sandwich walks into a bar The bartender says, "sorry, we don't serve food"
A man and his dog walk into a bar So a man and his dog walk into a bar and sit down at the counter. The bar tender promptly asks them to leave because they don't allow dogs.   The man, without skipping a beat, quickly says, "But this is no ordinary dog! This is a special dog, he can speak."  The bartender then says, "I'll be the judge of that."  So the bar tender looks at the dog and says, "If you can really speak, you'll be able to answer these three questions I have for you." The bar tender pointed up and said, "what's above the ceiling?"  The dog barked the response, "*ROOF*"  The bar tender said, "alright, that was an easy one." He then stated his second question, "what does sand paper feel like?"  The dog quickly yapped, "*RUFF*"  The bar tender sighed and said, "that was another easy one, I'll give you one more. Who's your favorite baseball player?"  The dog woofed, "*RUTH*"  Seeing that all the dog's responses were variations of common dog sounds, the bar tender asked both the man and his dog to leave the bar immediately.  They left the bar, and started walking down the side walk when the dog turned to the man and said, "should I have said DiMaggio?"
A woman walks into the clubhouse after nine holes... "Whats the problem ma'am?"  "I got stung by a bee"  "Where at?"  "Between the first and second hole"  "Well I'd say your stance is too wide"
A boy walks into an ice-cream parlour. The cashier says "Hello! What can I get you?"  The boy replies "Ummm...may I please have some Jelly Tip?"  "I'm sorry, but we ran out of Jelly Tip. Is there something else you would like? Maybe chocolate?" responds the cashier.  "No thanks. Could I have some Jelly Tip?" replies the boy.  Slightly annoyed, the cashier replies "I said, we *don't* have Jelly Tip."  The boy responds "In that case I'll have some Jelly Tip."  The cashier, clearly annoyed says "Look. You're a smart boy, right? Spell the 'Berry' in 'Strawberry'."  "B - E - R - R - Y" responds the boy.  "Good...now spell the 'Nill' in Vanilla'."  "N - I - L - L" says the boy.   "Brilliant!" speaks the cashier. "Now spell the 'fuck' in 'Jelly Tip'."  Confused, the boy responds "There's no 'Fuck' in Jelly Tip?"  "Exactly! There's no fuckin Jelly Tip!!!"
So, doctor strange walks into a bar and... Walks into a bar and...  Walks into a bar and...  Walks into a bar...
Guy walks into a bar..... Sits down starts chatting with the bartender.  The guy, lets call him Bill, points at a building across the street and says "i built that building, but nobody calls me bill the building builder"  He points at a fountain, says "i built that fountain, but nobody calls me Bill the fountain builder"  He points at a statue and says "i built that statue, but nobody calls me Bill the statue builder"  He then says "how is it that the one time i fuck a goat im branded for life"
The president, a business man, and a national security leak walk into a bar... ... and order a drink. The bartender pours one beer and says, "Here you go, Mr Trump."
The past, the present and the future all walk into a bar at the same time it was tense
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one says, "I'll have a beer."  The second one says, "I'll have half a beer."  The third one says, "I'll have a quarter of a beer." And so on..............  The bartender pours two beers and says, "You guys need to know your limits."
A man walks into a bar with a little sliver of metal on his tie... The barman says "sorry, we don't want your tie-pin here"
A kid walks into a whore house With a wad of cash and a flat frog on a leash. The pimp is sitting in the living room and is surprised when the child walks in. He walks to the kid and says "Hey kid, I think you have the wrong place." The kid looks straight at the pimp and says "No, I'm looking for the whore house. I want to have sex with Jessica in the back." The pimp is immediately taken back and tells the kid that he can't allow that. When the child thrusts forward the stack of money, the pimp thinks to himself for a moment about the offer.  He considers the fact that what he's doing isn't exactly moral anyway, so what's the big deal if he lets a kid in? After taking the cash and counting it, he says, "With this type of money you can afford to pay for higher quality girls then Jessica in the back." The kid refuses saying "No, it has to be Jessica." So the pimp tells him which doors to go through, and shakes his head as the kid walks through the door, taking his flat frog with him.   After about 20 minutes the kid comes back out, still with the flat frog, looking quite pleased with himself. The pimp stops him before he leaves the establishment saying "Alright kid. I got two questions for you. One, why did you want to see Jessica in the back specifically? And two, what is up with the flat frog on a leash?" The kid looks up at the pimp and answers, "The word around town is that Jessica in the back has STDs. Because I had sex with her, now I have STDs. When I get home and my fucked up older sister touches me and does sexual things to me, she'll get STDs. And when my dad comes home from the bar drunk and rapes my sister, he'll get STDs. And when my mom comes home from her work in the middle of the night and sleeps with my dad, she'll get STDs. And in two days when my dad is at work and the mailman comes over and has sex with my mom, he'll get STDs. And that's the son of a bitch who ran over my frog!"
An 800 pound gorilla walks into a bar... ...the bartender, weary of the gorilla, says "what'll it be?"  The gorilla says, "I'll have a Manhattan."  So the bartender serves him up and says, "That'll be $14," and goes back to wiping glasses.   A minute or two later, after thinking about it, the bartender then says to the gorilla, "You know, I gotta say, its kind of odd...I mean, this is not something you see everyday."  The gorilla takes a sip of his drink and says, "I agree, $14 is a bit much for a Manhatten."
A black guy walks into a bar with a huge parrot on his shoulder. Barman says “Oh wow I’ve never seen one like that before, where did you get him from?”   Parrot says “Africa, there’s loads of them over there”
A bartender walks into a bar... He then declared it open for the day
A pun walks into a bar, ten people died on the spot. NEWS FLASH; Pun in, ten dead.
An ape walks into a bar... He sits down, and is soon followed by two more apes. Then three walk in, and then four, five, six, and finally a large group of seven walk in. There's clearly not enough room for all of them, so a fight ensues. Eventually the dust clears and and most of the apes leave. The two that came in second, and the three after them are still standing, along with the group of five, and the final group of seven. It was only the prime apes.  Edit: I didn't pass math.
An entitled math genius walks into my bar I gotta say, he was a real pain in the hypotenuse leg.
So, a pirate walks into a bar... ...with a ship's steering wheel attatched to his crotch. Bartender asks:   "You know you got a ship's steering wheel attatched to your crotch?"  Pirate says:   "Aye, it's drivin' me nuts!"
Pirate walks into the bar... A pirate walked into a bar, and the bartender said, "Hey, I haven't seen you in a while. What happened? You look terrible!!"  "What do you mean?" said the pirate, "I feel fine."  "What about the wooden leg? You didn't have that before."  "Well," said the pirate, "We were in a battle, and I got hit with a cannon ball, but I'm fine now."  The bartender replied, "Well, OK, but what about that hook? What happened to your hand?"  The pirate explained,"We were in another battle. I boarded a ship and got into a sword fight. My hand was cut off. I got fitted with a hook but I'm fine, really."  "What about that eye patch?"  "Oh," said the pirate, "One day we were at sea, and a flock of birds flew over. I looked up, and one of them crapped in my eye."  "You're kidding," said the bartender. "You couldn't lose an eye just from bird crap."  "It was my first day with the hook."
A guy walks into a bar with an Ostrich  A man walks Into a bar with a full-grown ostrich behind him. The waitress asks for their orders. The man says, “A hamburger, fries and a beer,” and turns to the ostrich, “What’s yours?” “I’ll have the same,” says the ostrich.  A short time later the waitress returns with the order. “That will be $18.95 please,” and the man reaches into his pocket and pulls out the exact change for payment.  The next day, the man and the ostrich come again and the man says, “A hamburger, fries, and a beer.” The ostrich says, “I’ll have the same.”  Again the man reaches into his pocket and pays with exact change.   This becomes routine until, the two enter again.  “The usual?” asks the waitress. “No, this is Friday night, so I will have a steak, baked potato, and a shot of Tequila,” says the man. “Same,” says the ostrich. Shortly the waitress brings the order and says, “That will be $20.” Once again the man pulls the exact change out of his pocket and places it on the table.   The waitress can’t hold back her curiosity any longer. “Excuse me, sir. How do you manage to always come up with the exact change out of your pocket every time?”  “Well,” says the man, “several years ago I was cleaning the attic and found an old lamp. When I rubbed it a Genie appeared and offered me two wishes. My first wish was that if I ever had to pay for anything, I would just put my hand in my pocket and the right amount of money would always be there.”  Awesome says the waitress. “Most people would wish for a million dollars or something, but you’ll always be as rich as you want for as long as you live!”  “That’s right. Whether it’s a gallon of milk or a Rolls Royce, the exact money is always there,” says the man.  The waitress asks, “But, sir, what’s with the ostrich?” The man sighs, pauses, and answers, “My second wish was for a tall chick with long legs who agrees with everything I say.”
Two Chemists walk into a bar One chemist says "I'll have H20"   The other one says "I'll have water, also"     "Fuck, my assassination attempt failed..."
mushroom walks into a bar Bartender: we don't serve your kind here  Mushroom: come on i'm a fungi
A Frenchman walks into a brothel A Frenchman walks into a brothel and goes to the receptionist and says “I’d like a room, please.”  The receptionist says “Certainly, sir. Do you have any special requests?”   The man, feeling quite peckish, says “I’d quite like a croque-madame if you do them.”   The receptionist says “Of course, sir.”   So the man pays and goes up to his room. About five minutes later, a woman in a wheelchair rolls into room and says  “You wanted a crocked madam, sir?”
A man and a dog walk into a bar. They got kicked out because dogs aren’t allowed.
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar You can't tell me that's just a coincidence...
A man walks into a bar He orders five shots and drinks them all at once.   The barman asks: ,,Why did you drink them all at once?"  Man: ,,I got four friends and we always drink together, but they are all away, so I'm having their shots as well"  The next day he comes in and drinks only four shots.  Barman: ,,Whoa, did one of your friends die?"  Man: ,,No, I came by car."
A dwarf walks into a brothel with a honeycomb and a donkey The brothel keeper asks how she could help him. He replies "I need a woman, because mine has left me."   Brothel Keeper: Why? Also what's with the honeycomb and the donkey?  Dwarf: My wife found a genie in a bottle, and he granted her three wishes. The first she asked for a home fit for a queen, so he gave her this honeycomb. The second, she asked for the nicest ass in all of the seven kingdoms, so he gave her this lovely donkey...  Brothel Keeper: What's the third wish?  Dwarf: She asked the genie to make my cock hang down past my knees.  Brothel Keeper: Wow that's not so bad  Dwarf: Not so bad? I used to be 6 foot 3!  Source: Tyrion Lannister
NSFW - a little boy walks into the bathroom while mum is in the bath... "Mum, what's that between your legs?"  "Well darling, that's my axe wound, I got hit with an axe."  The little boy ponders this for a minute.  "What are the chances ? It hit you right in the cunt!"
A lady walks into a bar with a duck under her arm The bartender says, "Hey! Get that pig out of here!"   The lady scoffs and tells the bartender, "This isn't a pig, it's a duck." To which the bartender replies, "I was talkin' to the duck!"
A man walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says "Only if you tell me a joke" The man responds "A man walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says "Only if you tell me a joke" The man responds "A man walks into a bar. It hurts." So he pours him a drink. So he pours him a drink.
A crusty old man walks into the local Lutheran Church and says to the secretary, "I would like to join this damn church." The astonished woman replies, "I beg your pardon, sir. I must have misunderstood you. What did you say?"   "Listen up, damn it. I said I want to join this damn church!"  "I'm very sorry sir, but that kind of language is not tolerated in this church." And with that said, the secretary leaves her desk and walks into the pastor's study to inform him of her situation. The pastor agrees that the secretary does not have to listen to that foul language.  They both return to her office and the pastor asks the old geezer, "Sir, what seems to be the problem here?"  "There is no damn problem," the man says. "I just won $200 million bucks in the damn lottery and I want to join this damn church to get rid of some of this damn money."   "I see," said the pastor. "And is this bitch giving you a hard time?"
A man walks into a bar. He asks the bartender for a cold beer as he notices a large fish bowl almost complete full of money. He asks the bartender what the bowl of money is for. Bartender explains they have an in house challenge and if you win you get the bowl of money. Intrigued the man asks what the challenge is. He explains you put $10 in the jar and then you walk over to the donkey in the corner and if you can make him laugh the money is yours. So the man agrees and puts his money in the fish bowl and goes over to the donkey and whispers something in his ear. The donkey starts laughing uncontrollably. The bartender is amazed that he won and gives the man his winnings. He finishes his beer and leaves a happy man.   2 months later the man walks into the same bar and notices the fish bowl is almost completely full again and the donkey is still laughing. Confused he asks what’s going on and the bartender explains he hasn’t stopped laughing since the day he won and the new challenge was to get the donkey to stop laughing. He agrees again and goes back over to the donkey. The donkey immediately stops laughing. The bartender is complete shocked again and demands to know how he keeps winning. The man looks to the bartender and says, “It’s easy. The first time I whispered to the donkey I had a bigger dick than him. The second time I proved it.” 
A redditor walks into r/jokes A redditor walks into r/jokes, and decides to have a seat. Pretty soon, someone posts  "843!"  It gets tons of upvotes and comments, and everybody has a great laugh. Then someone posts  "91"  Again, in come the upvotes and comments, lots of laughing in the sub. This happens several more times, a different number each time. The redditor is confused, and she DMs a mod and asks "hey what's with the number posts?" The mod replies "Oh, we have so many reposts around here, we just number the jokes. Now when we want to tell one, we just reference the number. The list is over here, have a look."  So she decides to try one herself. She looks over the list, and picks a very funny joke. She clicks Submit a Joke, and types out  "1,902!"  Nothing.  Nobody comments, just a few upvotes and a few downvotes. After a week, she messages the mod. "So I told 1,902, and it got buried. What'd I do wrong?"  "Well," replied the mod. "It's the timing and tone; really, it's all in the way you tell the joke."
Descartes walks into a bar. The bartender asks if he wants a drink. "I think not," says Descartes and disappears.
17th century painter Peter Paul Rubens walks into a bar and orders a drink. Bartender asks “how are you going to pay for that?” Peter Paul Rubens says “put it on my tab. I’m baroque.”
Arial and Futura walk into a bar "Get out of here!" shouts the bartender. "We don't serve your type."
A pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar with the ship's steering wheel attached to the front of his pants.   The bartender says : "Hey pirate, you got a steering wheel coming out of your pants."  The pirate nods and says : "Arrgh! It's driving me nuts!"
So a you see a group of hot blondes walk into the bar and claimed a booth, Greg had idly thought it was probably time for a bachelorette party or a girls' night out.  When a group of religious leaders had strolled through and gathered at the bar, he had wondered—a little more actively—if he had ever actually seen any such persons in his bar before. If he had, he couldn't remember. He served their drinks and continued to clean and straighten his surroundings, talking to his usual patrons.  When a group of plaid-clad individuals walked in talking about their individual theories on science and math and other things Greg didn't really understand, he started to get a little bit suspicious. A frown settled itself into the lines of his face and tugged downward at his mouth. He cleaned a little more rigidly.  It was when the horse walked in that Greg got pissed.  "So, I guess I'm supposed to ask, 'Why the long face now?' Is that right?" Greg screamed at the horse. He threw his towel down and put his hands on his hips.  The hum of the bar abruptly stopped.  "Um, son, horses can't talk," the Rabbi in the corner told him gently.  The group of blond women murmured in agreement and the scientists all nodded enthusiastically.   "That said," one scientist spoke up, "it is quite dangerous to be in a bar with a horse. Shall we go?"  The people all gathered their things and left, emptying the bar but for Greg and the horse.  "Well, that sucks," Greg said.  "Yeah, I'm pretty sad about it," the horse whispered.  ────────
A guy walks into a bar and sees a jar of $100 bills on the counter He asks the bartender "Hey, what's with the jar?"  The bartender replies "Well, we have a running challenge here in the bar. It has three parts. If you look at the end there, you'll see Big Jim. Big Jim is the baddest motherfucker in town. You have to knock Big Jim out."  The guy looks down to see a 6'4 300lb guy and says "Well, I don't think I can do that. What's the other two parts?"  "After that, you have to go outside. Around back is where we keep Big Jim's dog. He's the baddest junkyard dog you've ever seen. You have to go get a tooth out of his mouth. And then, when you're done with that you have to go upstairs. There you'll find Big Jim's mom. She's 70 years old and never had an orgasm in her life. You've gotta go up there and fuck her to completion."  The man says "Wow, I can see why the jar is so full."  After a few hours of drinking the man get sloppy drunk and says "Fuck it," slaps down a $100 and jumps up on the bar and runs down and kicks Big Jim square in the jaw knocking him out cold. The bartender is stunned, as this is the furthest anyone has made it. The man runs outside to the cheers of the patrons and everyone hears snarling and growling and grows silent. Moments later they hear the dog whimper and then yelp, then nothing.  Moments later the man drunkenly stumbles back in and says "Alright, now where's the old lady with the tooth?"
Two Beach Boys walk into a bar. “Round?”  “Round.”  “Get a round?”  “I’ll get a round!”
Hellen keller walks into a bar... Then into a table and then a chair.
A Roman Centurion walks into a bar . . . The Centurion says, “I’ll have a martinus.” The bartender replies, “Oh, you mean a martini.” The Centurion slams his fist on the table and yells, “If I wanted a double, I would’ve said so!”
A guy walks into a bar. Face first. He vows to stop texting while walking.
A baseball walks into a bar. Bartender throws him out. 
A horse walks into a bar, The bartender says, “Hey!”  The horse replies, “Sure”. 
A man walks into a doctor’s office and asks if he is deaf after watching a drag race... ...he isn’t deaf. He was watching two Teslas race.
A man walks into a bar... ...and was disqualified from the limbo dance competition. 
16 sodium atoms walk into a bar... Followed by Batman.
A German Tourist Visiting America Walks into a McDonald's... A German Tourist Visiting America Walks into a McDonald's and, as was customary to do so in his home country, orders a beer. The man behind him loudly mocks him, "They don't serve **beer** here you fucking idiot!" The German shamefully apologies to the cashier and turns to leave.  As he's going through the door, he starts laughing. "What? *What's so funny?!?* Demands the man at the front. "I just realized," the German responds, "you come here for the food!"
A Man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and sees a jar of money on the counter. He asks the Bar tender what its for. The bar tender tells him that they have a donkey in the back, if anyone can make it laugh they get the money. The man goes to the back and a few moments later the donkey is laughing, he takes the money and leaves.  A week later he comes back to the same bar and there is another jar of money. The guy asks what it is for and the bartender tells him the same donkey is in the back, if you can make it cry you get the money. The man walks to the back and a few minutes later comes back and the donkey is crying. He goes to grab the money and the bartender stops him. "You have to tell me how you did that." The man replies "The first time to make him laugh I told him I had a bigger penis than him, the second time I showed him."
A guy walks into a bar and asks for a shot... The funeral is tomorrow. 
A man walks into a bar... "Ouch!  Stupid F****** Bar!"
A Mexican walks into a Chinese restaurant and picks up a bottle of black sauce and seeing the label... ...he exclaims "Yes. You are!"  Resubmitted for clarity.  Credit for original joke to u/TooShiftyForYou.
[NSFW]: A woman walks into a bar ... A woman walks into a bar and appears to be depressed. Alone, she begins drinking heavily. A man walks into the bar soon after with the same expression on his face and sits a few stools down from her while also beginning to drink heavily. Eventually, the woman slides down and asks him what's wrong.  "My girlfriend just broke up with me because I'm too kinky," he replied.  "You're kidding" she says, "That's the exact same reason my boyfriend just broke up with me."  They drink a little more and eventually she suggests they go back to her place. "We clearly have a lot in common so let's go get kinky together," she says. He happily agrees.  They get back to her place and she tells him to wait there while she goes to slip into something a little more comfortable. She goes upstairs and opens up her collection of dominatrix accessories: thigh high leather boots, nipple clamps, whips, chains, handcuffs, ball gags, dildos - the works. She gets dressed and walks downstairs just in time to see him putting on his coat getting ready to leave.   "Where are you going? I thought we were gonna get kinky?"  "Look lady, I fucked your dog, I shit in your purse. I'm outta here."
Another guy walks into a bar and sees a jar full of $100 notes on the counter ...and he asks the very attractive MILF tending bar what the deal with the jar is. "It's very simple," she says. "You put $100 in the jar if you think you can do three things my five-year-old child can do, and if you *can* do them then you win the jar and all the money in it."    Naturally his $100 is in the jar a few moments later, and she calls in Little Johnny and says "First of all you have to eat a whole Mars Bar in less than a minute." And Little Johnny manages this easily, and so does the man.    Then she takes her shirt off, unhooks her brassiere and says, "Next you have to rub a handful of E45 cream into one of my breasts until it is all gone." And Little Johnny manages this easily, and so does the man.    Finally she says "And now you have to wrap your dick around this pencil..."
A ventriloquist walks into a bar... He walks up to the barman and says 'Hey, I'm a ventriloquist'  Barman: Oh yeah? Are you any good?  Barman: I'm the best 
A guy walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar and sees another guy sitting at the counter. He goes over and asks him what he is drinking.  "Magic Beer", says the first guy.   The second guy thinks he's a little crazy, so he walks around the bar, but after that he’s realizes that there is no one else worth talking to,so he goes back to the man sitting at the bar and says,  "That isn't really Magic Beer, is it?"  "Yes, I'll show you." He takes a drink of the beer, jumps out the window, flies around the building 3 times and comes back in the window.  The man can't believe it: "I bet you can't do that again”, he says.   He takes another drink of beer, jumps out the window, flies around the building three times, and comes back in the window.  He is so amazed that he says that he wants a Magic Beer, so the first guy says to the bartender, "Give him one of what I'm having."  He gets her drink, takes a gulp of the beer, jumps out the window, plummets 30 stories, breaks every bone in his body, and dies.  The bartender looks up at the guy and says, "You know, Superman, you're a real jerk when you're drunk!"
A man walks into a bar...  A man goes into a bar in New York where there is a robot bartender.  The robot says, “What will you have? The guy replies, “Whiskey.” The robot brings back his drink and asks, “What’s your IQ?” The guy says, “168.” The robot continues to talk about physics, space exploration, and medical technology.   After the guy leaves and, the more he thinks about it, the more curious he gets, so he decides to go back. The robot asks, “What’s your drink?” The guy answers, “Whiskey.” The robot returns with his drink and asks, “What’s your IQ?” The man replies, “100.” The robot talks about NASCAR, Budweiser, the Lions, and LSU.    The man finishes his drink, leaves, but is so interested in this “experiment” that he decides to go back. He enters the bar and, as usual, the robot asks him what he want to drink. The man replies, “Whiskey.” The robot brings the drink and asks, “What’s your IQ?” The man answers, “50.”  The robot leans in real close and asks,  “So . . . are . . . you people . . . still unhappy Hillary didn't get in?"
Guy walks into a bar... and starts telling dumb blonde jokes. This buff looking dude says to him "Hey man I'm a world champion arm wrestler and a natural blonde. The due to my right is a world champion boxer, and a natural blonde, and the guy next to him a world champion wrestler, also a natural blonde. Now are you sure you want to tell another dumb blonde joke." The man replies "Not if I'm going to have to explain it 3 times."
Two ducks walk into a bar Two ducks walk into a bar, one says to the other, "what do you want, my treat". The other stares at him in disbelief and says "Holy shit a talking duck!"
A priest a rapist and a paedophile walk into a bar... and he sits down
A man walks into a bar looking proud as can be A man looks at his friend and says "Man, he sure looks happy." His friend agrees and goes up to the man. "Pardon me mister, but why are you so happy?"  The man chuckles and sits down with the men. "I am happy because I just had sex with a woman who was tied to the train tracks." The two men look at each other in astonishment. "Tell us more." Says the first man. So the man tells them about all the positions and things. "So did you get head?" Said the Second man. The man shakes his head and says "Sadly no. I couldn't find it."
A man and his husband walk into a local church... A man and his husband walk into a local church, holding hands and being affectionate during the entire ceremony, to the ire of one of the elderly choir women.  Once it has finished, she approaches the two men and quotes from the bible:  &gt;"Do you not know that wrongdoers will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor men who have sex with men will inherit the kingdom of God"  The man, taken aback, retorts with:  &gt;"Women are to be silent in the churches. They are not permitted to speak, but must be in submission, as the Law says."
A young guy walks into a bar An old drunk sits with a shoe box on the stool next to him.  The guy asks, "What's in the box?"  The older guy says matter-of-factly, "A South American Blow Job Toad."  The young guy looks around. "Can I try it?"  The older guy nods. The young guy goes to the men's room and returns 20 minutes later.  "That was amazing," he says, "You've got to sell it to me."  The old drunk concedes to sell the toad for a hefty sum. The happy young man struts home and meets his wife at the door.  "Where the hell have you been? What's in the box?" she demands.  "South American Blow Job Toad."  "So?" asks the wife.  "So, teach it to cook and get the fuck out."
Two chemists walk into a bar. The first one says "I want some H2O."  The second one says "I want some H2O too!"  The second one dies.
Guy walks into a bar He asks the bartender for a beer. The bartender fetches it for him and says "that'll be 10 cents"  The guy can't believe it. "10 cents? Is there some happy hour on or something?" "No"  The guy sits there in disbelief. Just then a couple comes over from the corner and go to settle their tab.  "Okay so you both had burgers and fries, chicken wing entree, four beers and two glasses of wine... that'll be 40 cents"  The couple pay, thank the bartender and leave. But the guy can't fathom what he just heard. 40 cents?! He then waves at the bartender and asks  "Okay then, how much for that bottle of Cristal Champagne?" "25 cents" "25 cents?!? That can't be right... Where's your manager?" "Oh. He's out with my wife" "What?! What the hell is he doing with your wife?" "Same thing I'm doing to his business"  
3 guys walk into a bar... Guy 1: Oh boy, I'm not drinking with you fellas. Last time I drank with you I got in trouble with the wife. Her parents were home for the night and when I got home I blew chunks in the living room in front of them. Guy 2: That's nothing! When I got home my wife's mother was over and instead of sleeping with me wife I slept with her mother! Guy 3: Well when I last drunk with you fellas I got home, My wife was with her friend who was getting married and I spewed all over the dress. Guy 1: Fellas you don't understand... Chunks is my dog.
A guy walks into a bar with his pet dog...... A guy walks into a bar with his pet dog. The bartender says, "No pets allowed."    The man replies, "This is a special dog. Turn on the Jets game and you'll see. Whenever the Jets score, my dog does flips."    The Jets keep scoring field goals, and the dog keeps flipping and jumping.    "Wow! What happens when the Jets score a touchdown?"    The man replies, "I don't know. I've only had him for 7 years."
A guy walks into a bar Sees his wife on a barstool and sits down next to her. He says to the bartender, "Gimme whatever you gave her"   Bartender pulls out his dick and puts it in the man's mouth.
A punchline walks into a bar... The bartender looks at it and says "This is /r/jokes we don't accept your kind here."
A boy walks into a library.... and asks if he can borrow *"It's the Last Day of School. Forever"*. Looking shocked and surprised, the librarian says, "No dear, you've got to bring it back next week."
4 girls walk into a full bar... ...so they go to the nearest table and say "Can you guys stand up so as we can use your chairs?"  One guy stands up, turns his chair upside down and says "You are welcome to join us, the four of you can sit here."
A skeleton walks into a bar and he asks the bartender for a beer and a mop.
Guy walks into a doctors office wearing nothing but saran wrap Dr. says: from my point of view, I can clearly see your nuts.
A guy walks into a space bar He jumps
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar and the bartender notices this guy and can't help but admire his incredible physique and incredible chiseled body. The guy sits down and orders a drink, now up and close the barkeep realizes how proportionally weird his head is compared to the rest of his body. "Can I ask you something" the bartender says. "Why is your head so small compared to your amazing body" "well" says the man "a couple of months ago, I was walking through a forest. Skinny as a skeleton. No meat on me at all. I found a lamp and rubbed it and what would you know?! A beautiful genie pops up who says I get 3 wishes" the whole bar now listening amazed "I firstly asked for a body of a god nothing short of Arnold Schwarzenegger, BOOM I ripped out of my clothes with huge muscles looking like Hercules. Secondly...I look at this beautiful genie..I want to make love to you I said. BOOM me and this beautiful genie are making passionate steamy love on the grass. Puffing and panting we lie there" "WELL?!" Says the keep "what happened next?" The man looks down at his drink before managing to say: "well...well I took another look at her, naked and gorgeous, I couldn't help myself. I asked for a little head"
An old Indian walks into a bank and asks for a $500 loan. Clerk: What are you going to do with the money?  Indian: I'm going to go into the city and sell my handmade jewelry.  Clerk: Do you have a collateral?  Indian: What's a collateral?  Clerk: A collateral is something of value that can cover the amount of the loan. For example, do you have a car?  Indian: Yes, I have a 1949 Ford truck  Clerk: That won't do. Do you have livestock?  Indian: Yes, I have a horse  Clerk: How old is it?  Indian: I don't know, it doesn't have teeth.   After some negotiations, the Indian and the clerk settle on a collateral. The clerk does all the paperwork and gives the Indian $500.  A few weeks later, the Indian returns to the bank, walks up to the same clerk, takes out a huge wad of bills and returns the loan.  Clerk: I see your jewelry sold well. What are you going to do with the rest of the money?  Indian: I will keep it in my wigwam.  Clerk: No need to do that. You can make a deposit in our bank.  Indian: What's a deposit?  Clerk: A deposit is when you give money to the bank, the bank cares for it, and when it's time, you can come back to the bank and take your money.  Indian: And what does the bank have as a collateral?  
An Amazon executive walks into a Whole Foods It's his first time there, and he wants to see what all the hype is about.  The executive goes shopping for his normal every day needs, and even picks out a couple extra things that stood out to him for an impulse buy.  The executive goes to the counter to check out, and the clerk rings him up.   The executive, looking at the high price, asks the clerk "this can't be right, can it?"   The clerk checks, then double checks, and even triple checks to make sure everything was rung up properly for his high profile customer.   "I promise you the price is correct sir" the clerk responds.   Looking at the price, the executive can't get over how expensive such a simple grocery trip is.  "Well fuck, I might as well buy the whole fucking store at this point!" said the Amazon executive angrily. 
A blind man walks into a bar The bartender says "Oh hey! I haven't seen you in forever!" The blind man says "same"
A man walks into a hotel looking for a job... A man walks into a hotel looking for a job as a bell ringer   The manager is quickly called in and instantly notices one small detail, the man has no arms  So he laughs, and quickly ushers him out but before the door closes behind the man he says "wait, before I go, let me show you something"  The man quickly dashes over to the bell on the front desk and hits it with his head. Now this may seem stupid at first but this man was actually very talented. He made some of the most amazing music the manager had ever heard. He suggested another song to the man to play and he played it better then the original musicians ever could. The manager is amazed, then mortified when the man trips and falls and goes down and hits his head on the desk and gets knocked out.  A hour later the paramedics ask the manager who he was and he said "I don't know, but his face rings a bell." 
A man who won't let me tell my side of the joke walks into a bar. The rest is hisstory. 
A panda walks into a bar and says to the bartender: "Can I get a ...... Martini?" The bartender replies: "Why the big paws?"
A woman walks into a bar Bartender says, "That's funny, I was expecting a guy"
A dog with his arm in a sling walks into a bar in the old west He sits down and says to the bartender, "I'm looking for the man that shot my paw."
A Roman walks into a bar.... And asks for a martinus. You mean a martini? The bartender asks. The Roman replies if I wanted a double I would have asked for it . Another Roman walks into the bar,holds up two fingers And says "five beers ,please".
A pirate walks into a bar. The bartender notices that the pirate has an eye patch, a hook for a hand, and a peg leg. The bartender asks:   "What happened to you?" The pirate says, "well where do i start?" Pointing down to his peg leg, he says "a while back, I was on top of me ship, scannin the horizon, when a rogue wave knocked me off me ship and a whale bit off me leg!" "Good lord, man! What about the hook?" "Well the very next day, i was on top of me ship, scannin the horizon, when a rogue wave knocked me off me ship and a shark bit off me hand!" "Jesus! What about the eye patch?" "Well the very next day, I was on top of me ship, lookin out for rogue waves, when a seagull shit in my eye!"   Confused, the bartender asks, "Hold on, wait a second. that's why you have the eye patch? That's what blinded you?" The pirate replies "well no, but it was the first day with me hook"
A gorilla walks into a bar A gorilla goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini. He then walks back over to the give it to the gorilla, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a gorilla walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.  So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the gorilla notices anything."  So he walks back over to the gorilla and hands him a dollar change. The gorilla doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.  "You know," he says to the gorilla, "we don't get too many gorillas in here."  And the gorilla says, "At nineteen dollars a drink I'm not surprised." 
Four fonts walk into a bar. The barman says, "Oi - get out! We don't want your type in here!" 
A Man Walks Into A Pet Shop A man walks into a pet shop and says to the owner “I want to get a pet that will impress my friends. I don’t want anything normal though, so do you have any weird or extraordinary pets?” The pet shop owner says “I’ve got just the thing.” He pulls out a match box and says “This here is a talking centipede.”  The man says “Well that’s what I’m talking about! Hell, I’ll take it. How much?" The owner informs him that the talking centipede is $500. Without another thought, the man pays the money and takes his new pet home.  When he gets home, he has his friends over and lays the match box with the centipede in it on the table. He says "Hey guys, you’re never gonna believe this, but I got a talking centipede!”  The friends are skeptical and ask him to prove it. The man leans forward to the box and says “Hey Mr. Centipede, wanna get some beers with me and the guys?” The centipede says nothing. Figuring it must be tired from the journey, he decides to wait for an hour and try again later.  An hour later his friend decides to give it a try. He opens the match box and says "Hey Mr. Centipede, wanna get some beers with us at the bar?” The centipede again says nothing. The friends all start to think the man got ripped off. The man says “Well hold on! I spent $500 on this little guy, let’s give him one more chance. We’ll hang out for another hour and ask him again, and if he doesn’t respond, I’ll take him back for a refund.”  An hour later the man opens the match box and says "Hey Mr. Centipede, I’m not going to ask you again. Do you want to come to the bar with us to get some beers??” The centipede says "I heard you the first time, asshole! I'm putting my shoes on!"
A man walks into a diner one day and orders a bowl of chili but the waitress says she gave the last of it to a guy sitting nearby who is just staring at it.  After watching him not eating for a while, the first man asks him, "Are you going to eat that?"  The second man replies, "No, you can have it if you want."  So the first man takes the bowl and starts eating.  About halfway through the bowl, he's chewing when he feels a crunch. He looks down only to  see half a dead rat sitting in the chili.  He immediately throws all of it up, back into the bowl.  The second man looks at him and says, "Yeah, that's about as far as I got too."
Stevie Wonder walks into a bar... And a table, and a chair.
A man walks into a chip shop with a fish under his arm and asks "Do you have any fish cakes?" "No," replies the owner "we've sold out." "That's a shame," says the man "it's his birthday."
A sweet young girl walks into an elevator at Macy's, trailing a cloud of expensive perfume. She brags to the elderly woman who was inside, Coco Chanel $900 per ounce.  The lift reaches the second floor where the old lady is about to get off. As she steps out of the elevator, she rips out a rumbling fart. Trailing a heavy cloud, she smiles sweetly and announces, broccoli, 49 cents a pound.
A Nazi walks into a pub... He sees a Jew sitting in the corner and says "A drink for everyone except the Jew!"  But the Jew still smiles.  Now annoyed, the Nazi says "Another round for everyone except the Jew!"   But the Jew is still smiling.  Confused and enraged, the Nazi asks the bartender "What, is he an idiot?"  The bartender replied "No sir, he owns the pub."
I was in the motherland, when I walk into a pub with only one man in it. I pull up a chair as he slides me a beer and I ask him why he's all alone. He answers,  "You see that barn out the window? I built that barn all by myself with my bare hands! But do they call me McGregor: The Barn Builder? NO!" He points out the other window."Y'see that bridge out there? I built that all by myself, stone by stone with me bare hands! But do they call me McGregor: The Bridge Builder? NO! This very bar, I built it plank by plank with me bare hands but do they call me McGregor: The Bar Builder? NO!" He slams his pint and cradles his head in his hands. “But ya fuck one goat”
A Mushroom walks into a bar The bartender tells him that they do not allow mushrooms inside.  The mushroom responds, "Why not.  I am a fun guy."﻿
A man walks into a bar and sees a horse playing poker He sits down, and the bartender comments, “you know, that horse is in here every night, and cleans out whoever he’s playing with. He’s got the best poker face I’ve ever seen.”   “The best poker face eh? I’ll bet you 200 dollars I can make him laugh, and then make him cry” the man says   “Make that horse laugh and cry? You must be crazy, but I’m happy to take your money” and they shake on the bet.   The man gets up from the bar, taps the horse on the shoulder and leads him to the bathroom. A few moments later, the horse comes out laughing hysterically, his hooves pounding the floor he’s laughing so much.   The man approaches the bar and the bartender is suitably impressed. “You know, I didn’t think I’d ever see that horse laugh,” he pauses, but continues, “but making him cry? That will take a miracle.” The man smiles and approaches the horse again, who is still chuckling somewhat. They both go into the bathroom, and a few moments later the horse comes out sobbing, completely inconsolable.   “You my friend, are the wizard” the bartender says, forking over the cash, “but I have to know, what did you say to him in the bathroom?”   The man replies: “first, I said my dick was bigger than his. Then I proved it.” 
A priest, a rabbi, and a monk walk into a bar... The bartender goes; what is this a joke?
(OC?) A man walks into a French bakery He goes up to the counter and is offered some chocolate to which he declines, whilst noticing that there's not much for sale. The baker then hits him over the head with a rolling pin. "Ow what did you do that for?!" They only had pain au chocolats
Iona Yakir, Mikhail Tukhachevsky, and Joseph Stalin all walk into a bar.. .. Yakir, he's a bit profligate, he comes up to the barman and orders a wine. Tukhachevsky, the Soviet man he is, orders some vodka.  Stalin walks in, and orders they both be shot.
A vegetarian, an atheist, and a cross fitter walk into a bar. How do you know?  They’ve already told you
So a ninja walks into a bar. He sits at the counter and asks for a drink.  The bartender says, “sorry, we don’t serve your kind here. “  The ninja says, “what do you mean? I demand a drink! Let me speak to your manager.”  The manager comes out and asks what the problem is. The ninja explains his outrage.   The bartender says, “so can he have a drink, or not?”  The manager shrugs.   “Shuriken.” 
Two illegitimate children walk into a bar. They both order the same drink... One of them, however, uses a large, off white syringe to inject the booze into his rectum. The result?  The alabaster ass blaster baster bastard got plastered faster.
A beer matt walks into a bar.. Drinks are on me!
Helium walks into a bar The bartender says "sorry we don't serve noble gases here."  The helium did not react
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The bar tender: “What'll it be, boys?”  The first mathematician: “I’ll have one half of a beer.”  The second mathematician: “I’ll have one quarter of a beer.”  The third mathematician: “I’ll have one eight of a beer.”  The forth mathematician: “I’ll have one sixteenth of a ...”  The bar tender interrupts: “Oh, fuck the lot of ya!” ...and he pours a single full beer.
Harambe and I walk into a bar...  Bartender: What will you be having to drink?  Harambe: I'll have a beer.  Me: No, he'll have just ice.  Bartender: Just ice?  Me: Yes, justice for Harambe.  OFF: This is a repost because Harambe was shot today two years ago. Dicks out for Harambe!
Bacon and Eggs walk into a bar and order beers. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve breakfast here".
A man walks into a bar He says ow
A man walks into his doctors The man says "doctor help me I think I might be turning into a horse" The doctor says "well have you had any symptoms"  The man says "neigh"   
A panda walks into a restaurant He orders food, eats it, shoots the waiter, and leaves without paying.  The police question the panda.  They ask why he did it  The panda says to look up 'panda' in the dictionary.  Dictionary:  /Panda/  Eats shoots and leaves.
Stevie Wonder walks into a bar And another one.  And another one.
A man walks into a bar after a Break-up.. He asks for two shots. The bartender asks "What'll it be? Whisky or vodka?"  He replies   "Nine millimeter please."
A frog walks into a bank and asks, "May I speak with a loan officer?" "Certainly, my name is Patty Black, and I can help you. What is your name, and do you have any collateral?" The frog pulls a small figurine from his pocket, and says, "My name is John Jagger, and this is the only collateral I could come up with." Patty calls the manager over and asks, "What is this figurine? Is this enough collateral?" The manager replies,  "It's a knick-knack, Patty Black! Give the frog a loan. His old man's a Rolling Stone!"
A Priest, Rabbi and Atheist walk into a bar and each ask for a drink The bartender, saying nothing and looking disdainful, points to a sign clearly labelled: **NO JOKES SERVED HERE**  Without a fight the Priest, Rabbi and Atheist leave the bar, heads hanging.  The next day a chicken walks in and plops down on the barstool.  Wiping the inside of a glass, the bartender approaches and asks the chicken “Are you part of this joke?”  “Yeah.” the chicken replies.  Again, he points to the sign: **NO JOKES SERVED HERE**  The chicken argues “Well then how’s a chicken supposed to get his beak wet?”  The bartender moves his pointed finger from the sign to the window.  “There’s another bar across the road.”  EDIT: Obligatory “Thank you for the gold” edit, I’m glad you all enjoyed it so much.
A neutron walks into a bar, orders a beer and asks, "How much for the beer?" The bartender replies, "For you, no charge".
A robot walks into a fancy restaurant and refuses to pay It ran out of cache and it wasn't worth a few bytes.
A man walks into a bar and says... "I just got back from the battered woman's shelter, and boy are my arms tired." Everyone laughed. The man sat at the end of the bar drinking alone.  He was proud of the fine craftsmanship of the shelves he put up in the shelter's pantry, regardless of what others may think.
A suit walks into a bar and sits beside a country guy. Suit asks, "What is the difference between a heifer and a cow?"     Country: " Well, heifers and cows look mostly the same, but one's too young to have young and the other one's got game."   Suit:"Which is which?"    Country:"Think this way, your sister is a heifer, and your mama is a cow." 
A mushroom walks into a bar. "Get out of here!", yells the bartender. "We don't serve mushrooms!"   "But I am a fungi", says the mushroom.
A gorilla walks into a bar. He's not the smartest gorilla, but ignorance is bliss at the zoo. 
A man walks into a bar... ...and he stays there my entire childhood.
A man walks into the police station. Man: I saw your flier outside.  Officer: The "wanted for murder" flier?  Man: Yes, and I'd like to apply.
A hamburger walks into a bar The bartender stares him down, and says *"We don't serve food here!"*
Two black guys walk into a bar... One turns to the other and says "damn these cells are small."
A woman walks into a pet store. She sees a beautiful parrot with a sign on its cage: $10 OBO The lady asks the pet shop owner, "Why so cheap?"  The owner says "This bird used to live in a brothel, so he says a lot of inappropriate things."  The lady can't pass up the deal and decides to get the bird anyway. She gets the bird home and the first thing the bird says is:  "Finally cleaned up this dump, and the new madam isn't bad looking." The lady finds it amusing. Her two teen daughters get home and the bird says  "New whores in the house, business will be booming tonight." The girls are shocked but laugh it off. A few hours later the woman's husband gets home and the bird says,  "Hey, Dave!"
A man walks into a bar and orders a White Russian to get him a drink.
SQL and Oracle walk into a NoSQL bar... They waited around for 25 minutes but then had to leave. They couldn't find a table. 
A man walks into a park and flashes three old ladies. Two of them have a stroke. The third one didn't touch it.
A toilet walks into a bar... Sits down orders a drink, bartender asks "Hey tough day"?  Toilet replies " I don't want to talk about it I've seen some shit"
Three Knights Walk Into A Bar Three knights walk into a bar. the first knight asks the bartender for a cup of ale. the second knight asks the bartender for a mug of ale. the bartender turns to the third knight and says, "don't tell me, you want a jug of ale?" The third knight says, "None for me, I'm two knight's designated driver.
A man walks into a library looking for a diet book He goes into the store and finds the diet books section in the store but can't find the book he's looking for.  He tells a bookstore employee what he is looking for and the employee says "you are in our non-fiction section, the diet book you are looking for is in our fiction section"
Four lawyers walk into a bar Two pass and two have to try again next year.
A man and a giraffe walk into a bar... ...the giraffe immediately lays down on the floor.  The bartender asks the man, "Hey, whats that lyin' on the floor over there?"  The man replies, "That's not a lion, that's a giraffe."
A panda walks into a restaurant sits down, and orders a sandwich. He eats the sandwich, pulls out a gun, and shoots the waiter dead.   As the panda stands up to go, the manager shouts, "Hey! Where are you going? You just shot my waiter, and you didn't even pay for your sandwich!"  "Hey, man, I'm a PANDA!" the panda shouts back. "Look it up!"  The manager opens his dictionary and reads: "Panda: a tree-dwellingmammal of Asian origin, characterized by distinct black and white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves."
A guy walks into a room to see his father standing over a bucket filled with red liquid. "Father, what's happening?" he asks. The father replies "I'm dying, son."    "Father, I said I wanted my shirts blue, not red!"        Sorry it's bad but hey, it's not a repost! EDITED for clarification (am on mobile)
So, a priwlest, a monk and a rabbi walk into a bar And i duck under it, grumbling "wise men, my ass".
A bear walks into a bar and says, "Give me a whiskey... and a cola." "Why the big pause?" asks the bartender.   The bear shrugged. "I'm not sure. I was born with them."  &amp;#x200B;  P.S. Read it somewhere, thought you guys might appreciate it.  
A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder The bar tender notices the parrot and says “that’s impressive, where’d you get it from?”  The parrot reply’s; “Africa”
A bear walks into a bar The bear puts his hand down on the bar and the bartender sees it is wrapped in bandages and dripping blood. Then the bear says, “I’m looking for the man who shot my paw....”
A horse walks into a bar And the bartender says, "can somebody get that animal out of here?"  Then the horse says, "Dude, don't be racist."
Two Vampires walks into a bar They sat down at the counter, the bartender asks,  “What would you like, sirs?”  The first vampire says to the bartender,  “A fresh shot of virgin blood, please”  The bartender nodded and looked to the second vampire.  “I will just have a cup of hot water, thank you.”  The bartender looked at him surprised, but said nothing and nodded.  A minute later, the bartender brought a fresh shot of virgin blood and a cup of hot water.  The first vampire took his shot, and looks at the second vampire confusingly,  “What, you’re not having a drink today, Fred?”  “It’s not that.” The second vampire replied, taking out a used tampon and dipped it into the cup.  “I’m having myself a cup of tea.”
A guy walks into a pub and sees a sign hanging over the bar that reads: Chicken Sandwich:$1.50  Cheese Sandwich:$2.50  Hand Job:$10.00   He walks up to the bar and beckons to one of the three exceptionally attractive blondes serving drinks to an eager looking group of men.  ' Yes?' she inquires with a knowing smile. 'Can I help you?'  'I was wondering,' whispers the man, 'are you the one who gives the hand jobs?'  ' Yes,' she purrs, 'indeed I am.'  The man replies, 'Well, wash your hands. I want a cheese sandwich!'.
Guy walks into a bar with a machine gun and bunch of spare boxes. Guy walks into a bar with a machine gun and bunch of spare boxes fuming with anger. He yells at the top of his lungs "WHO FUCKED MY WIFE?". The entire bar falls silent until a guy in the back yells "You didn't brin..." just to be cut off by the angry guy who yells back "THIS HAS BEEN REPOSTED SO MANY TIMES THAT THIS TIME I CAME PREPARED".   Edit: Thank you kind stranger for the gold.
A Scotsman and a a Swiss-man walk into a bar PLOT TWIST... They are the bar
A gorilla walks into a bar A gorilla goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini. He then walks back over to the give it to the gorilla, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a gorilla walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.  So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the gorilla notices anything."  So he walks back over to the gorilla and hands him a dollar change. The gorilla doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.  "You know," he says to the gorilla, "we don't get too many gorillas in here."  And the gorilla says, "At nineteen dollars a drink I'm not surprised."
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his pants, a peg leg and a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender says “Hey you got a steering wheel on your pants” The pirate says “Arrr, I know, it’s driving me nuts!!”
So two dudes walk into a bar... Just kidding, it's actually another Tide Ad. 
A vegan, a med student, and a bitcoin trader walk into a bar Who tells you about it first?
A Pig Walks Into a Bar… A pig walks into a bar, orders 15 beers, and drinks them. The bartender asks, "Would you like to know where the bathroom is?" "No," says the pig. "I'm the little piggy that goes wee-wee-wee all the way home."
A pun and a hyperbole walk into a bar. As they enter, the hyperbole is frightened by a shifty looking non sequitur pacing outside the door. The pun just chuckles lightly and reassures the hyperbole (it can be a bit dramatic sometimes). They take their seats at the bar, and the hyperbole finally relaxes. For a moment it had seemed certain that the sketchy non sequitur was entering right behind them, but thankfully, it does not follow.
Two scientists walk into a bar. One of them says “I’ll have H2O.” The other says “I’ll have H2O too.” He dies.
A wizard walks into a gay bar... and disappears with a poof
A crook walks into a bait and tackle store and sees the cashier is blind. She asks him for a 50 dollar fishing rod, and he walks over and shows it to her. Then she thanks him and sticks a 100 dollar rod into her cart.  But the blind man isn't stupid, and when she rings it up, he feels the rod and he says "that will be 100 dollars for the fishing rod."  the woman is so embarassed at being caught stealing she rips a loud one.  "and that will be $5.89 for the duck call and $3.29 for the musk scent"
A blind man walks into a bar... and a table, a chair, and a girl.
Charlie Sheen walks into a bar... And orders a drink or two. Or three. Or four. And then gets into a barfight.
A man and his monkey walk into a bar A man and his monkey walk into a bar. They sit down and order a drink.  The bar tender instantly recognises the man and monkey and says "*Hey, that's the monkey that ate the 8-ball off of the billiards table!*"  The man reassures him "*Don't worry, he won't be doing it this time*". So the bartender reluctantly serves the man and his monkey their drinks and some peanuts.   Seeing the bowl, the monkey then picks up a peanut, *puts it up its butt*, takes it out and eats it.  The bartender stands there **speechless**. Again, without skipping a beat, the monkey takes another peanut, puts it up its butt, takes it out and eats it.  Recovering from his shock, the bartender bellows "*Can you see that!! Your monkey is taking the peanuts, reaching around, **shoving them up his butt**, taking them out and eating them!!*"   "*That's right*", the man says, "*He makes sure to check everything ever since the 8-ball incident*"
Dat boi walks into a bar... O shit waddup
Sean Connery walks into a bar Sean Connery walks into a bar. He says "I'd like a single shot." The bartender says "That's a good idea because if you had the chickenpox, the virus is already in you." 
A pirate walks into a bar with a ship steering wheel between his legs Bartender: Excuse me good sir but I believe you have a steering wheel stuck between your legs.  Pirate: Aaaaaaaaarrrrrrrhhhh it's drivin' me nuts! 
A Man Walks into a Bar... A man walks into a bar and sees his friend sitting beside a 12-inch pianist. He says to his friend, "That's amazing. How did you get that?" The man pulls out a bottle and tells him to rub it and make a wish. He rubs the bottle, and a puff of smoke pops out and tells him that he can have one wish. So the man thinks and says, "I wish I had a million bucks." The genie says, "OK, go outside, and your wish will be granted." The man goes outside, but all he finds are ducks filling the sky and roads. He goes back in and tells his friend what happened, and his friend replies, "I know. Did you really think I wanted a 12-inch pianist?"
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender looks up and says, "Wow! In all my years of tending bars, I've never had a weasel stop by. What can I get you?"  "Pop," goes the weasel.
A group of friends walk into a bar and order a round of drinks. They sit at a table next to an old man who appears to be on his own and is staring deeply into his pint.   After a few minutes, the old man leans back on his chair, stinking of booze, presses his face up against one of the guys and says, "your mama is so fat, she wakes up on both sides of the bed!"  The friends look at each other for a moment... laugh and continue with their conversation.   A few more minutes pass and the old man let's out a sudden grunt, shocking everyone. He turns to the table of friends, looks at the same guy and shouts, "Your mama is so ugly, her blowjobs count as ANAL!"   The friends all look at each other a little concerned, but carry on with their drinks and conversation anyway.   A few more minutes pass and suddenly the old man jumps up onto his table, spraying his beer everywhere. He points at the same guy and shouts," YOUR MAMA IS SO UGLY, EVEN HER DILDO NEEDS VIAGRA!!"   The group of friends can't believe their ears. Just as one of them is about to say something, the old man continues...   "Your mama is so fucking stupid, she threw a rock at the ground and missed!! She is sooooo fat, she was diagnosed with a flesh eating disease and the doctor gave her 80 years to live! She's so DUMB!! HA, she got STABBED in a SHOOTOUT!! She's so fucking FAT, her blood type is RAGUUU!!!"  He takes a deep breath, a swig of ale and continues...   "She's sooooo dumb, she spent 20 minutes staring at an orange juice carton coz it said 'concentrate'. Ya mum's so fat, she walked infront of the TV and I missed all 3 Lord of the Rings films! Your MUMMA is so naaasty, I stuck a cucumber in her and pulled out a pickle... She's so slutty, she got fired from the spermbank for drinking on the job! Your mama is so hideous, the water jumps out of the pool before she even jumps in. Yo mama is sooooo fat, after sex I roll over twice and I'M STILL ON THE BITCH! Your mother is so disgusting..."  "ENOUGH!" the guy shouts. The whole pub is deadly silent.   He slowly walks up to the old guy, looks him dead in the eye and says," go home Dad, you're drunk".
A man walks into a Coffee Shop  And orders an espresso. While drinking it, a massively scarred Norwegian dude stumbles in the bar. "What happened?" The man asks as he downs his espresso. "There's a Chupacabra 10km east from here." The Norwegian dude rasps before dying. So the Man gets on his tricycle and travels 10km east and sure enough there's a Chupacabra. Eventually the man manages to defeat it. A Canadian monk approaches the man. "You seem very strong, do you mind helping me?" The Canadian monk asks. "Sure, what do you need?" The man replies. The monk tells him of a hidden temple in the desert. So the man hires a private helicopter and flies into the desert where he meets a golem. The golem asks him a riddle. "What has a foot but no legs?" After 13 hours the man figures out the answer, a snail. The sphinx leads him to the temple. As the man goes through the temple he has to kill hundreds of puppies but finally he makes it to the top floor where there is a yellow jewel. He picks up the jewel and a rocketship appears. Bored, the man gets into the rocketship and flies through the galaxy, exploring a ton of planets including Namek and Jupiter. Finally the man finds a tiny planet with the surface area of a football field. He sets foot on it when a daisy ambushes him. "Hello, will you take me to earth?" The daisy asks. "Sure." The man says. "You're a great dude so I'll grant you one wish." The daisy promises. "Could you make me a watch that measures time 100% accurately wherever I am?" The man asks. "Do you realise how advanced that technology would need to be. It would need to take into account relativity, gravity, your velocity and tons of other factors." The daisy moans. "Ok, can you stop people reposting on r/jokes whilst only changing the setup?" The man says. "What kind of watch again?" The daisy asks.
Helen Keller walks into a bar... then a wall...then a chair...
2 men walk into a bar “One beer for me and one for jackass” one of the men say  The bartender give them the beers and the same man says to his buddy “hey jackass, I’m gonna use the bathroom. Wait here”.   After the man leaves, the bartender asks “so what did you do for him to call you jackass?”  The man replies “HEE HAWWWWW, HEE HAWWWW, HEE HAWWWWlways calls me that!”
A man walks into a bar Upon realising that bar jokes often end in humiliation, loss or death, he smashes a beer bottle to use as an impromptu weapon to defend himself.  This attracts the attention of the bouncer, who attempts to evict him. Terrified that the outside world is where he meets his fate, he stabs the man and other patrons who try to intervene, and then barricades himself in the now empty bar.  The police, upon reaching the bar, attempt to reason with him, but the man refuses all demands, forcing them to enter and detain the man with force.  He attempts to escape via the back door, not realising that that door had long been sealed over with an iron rod to deter theft.  The man walks into a bar, and says "ouch!"
A time traveler walks into a bar. As the traveler sits down, the bartender serves her. After having 2 shots, the traveler speaks. “I can predict what you’re thinking.”  The bartender laughs and says, “Alright honey, prove it.”  The traveler says it, and the bartender chuckles. The traveler looks at her watch and steps outside. She travels 7 minutes back and sees her past-self getting out of a cab and approaching the bar. The traveler’s past-self notices her future-self and is skeptical. The traveler’s future-self tells her past-self the answer she already tried.   The traveler’s past-self attempts to predict the bartender’s mind, he chuckles again. The traveler rewinds 10 seconds more earlier than her future-self traveled. She explains to her future-self’s future-self the options she has exhausted.  This process keeps repeating until the traveler finally receives a different answer.  “Hentai,” questioned the traveler.  “Disney hentai to be exact.”
A man walks into a bar... *Thud*
Three vampires walk into a bar. The first one says, "I'll have a pint of blood."  The second one says, "I'll have one, too."  The third one says, "I'll have a pint of plasma."  The bartender says, "So, that'll be two Bloods and a Blood Lite?"
An older man walks into a bar... ...wearing a stovepipe hat, a waistcoat and a phony beard. He sits down at a bar and orders a drink. As the bartender sets it down, he asks, "Going to a party?"  "Yeah, a costume party," the man answers, "I'm supposed to come dressed as my love life."  "But you look like Abe Lincoln," protests the bartender.  "That's right. My last four scores were seven years ago."
A man walks into a bar Ouch
A man walks into a bar he has never been to and notices a mason jar filled with 20$ bills. He asks the bartender what the jar is for. The bartender replies saying “This is a challenge we have. You put a 20$ bill in the jar and we give you a bottle of tequila. You must drink the entire bottle, then go outside and pull a tooth from the dog hooked to the fence. Once you do that you must go upstairs and make love to the old lady who lives there. When you are done and sit back down you win the entire jar!”     The man eagerly accepted the challenge knowing his love for tequila. He downs the bottle like a champ and makes his way outside to the dog. Everyone hears barking and yelling for a few moments and the man enters back into the bar yelling “OK where’s that old lady’s tooth I have to pull!!     
Trucker walks into a brothel and is greeted by an old lady with a glass eye She says sorry all the girls are busy tonight but I'll take care of you.  He isn't too sure and kind of starts backing out.   She grabs his hand and says "come on,  it'll be fun,  I'll pop my eye out and you can fuck me in my eye socket."  This grosses him out and he tries to leave again but she convinces him it'll feel amazing so he goes for it.  So they're finishing up and she asks him how he liked it.   He says "yeah, not too bad... that was pretty good.  I'll have to come back and do that again next time I'm in town!"  She says "okay, I'll keep an eye out for you!"
A paraplegic walks into a bar And its a fucking miracle. 
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink. Neutron: How much does it cost?  Bartender: For you? NO CHARGE!
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey, orders a drink and while he’s drinking it, the monkey jumps around all over, grabs some olives off the bar, eats them, grabs some sliced limes, eats them, jumps up on the pool table, grabs a cue ball, sticks it in his mouth and swallows it whole...  The bartender screams at the guy, “Did you see what your monkey just did?”  The guy says, “No, what?”  “He just ate the cue ball off my pool table, whole!” says the bartender.  “Yeah, that doesn’t surprise me.” replied the patron. “He eats everything in sight. I’ll pay for the cue ball and stuff.”  He finishes his drink, pays his bill, and leaves.  Two weeks later he’s in the bar again and he has his monkey with him.  He orders a drink and the monkey starts running around the bar again.  While the man is drinking his drink, the monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar.  He grabs it, sticks it up his butt, pulls it out, and eats it.  The bartender is disgusted.  “Did you see what your monkey did now?”, he asks.  “Now what?”, responds the patron.  “Well, he stuck a maraschino cherry up his butt, then pulled it out and ate it!” says the barkeeper.  “Yeah, that doesn’t surprise me.” replied the patron. “He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he ate that cue ball he measures everything first!”
A homophobic guy walks into a bar and immediately orders 3 double shots of whiskey. Bartender: "Wow, that's a hefty order."   Guy: "Yeah, I just got terrible news that my brother has turned gay..."   Bartender gives the guy his 3 shots and leaves him alone.    -Next day-   The same guy enters the bar and again, orders the same drinks.   Bartender: "Still not over your brother?"   Guy: "No, even more bad news. I just found out that my father is now gay..."   Bartender looks shocked, but then just gives the man his drinks and leaves him alone.    -Next Day-   Again, the same guy enters the bar and orders his 3 shots.   Bartender: "More bad news I assume?"   Guy: "Yep, uncle this time..."   Bartender shakes his head and gives the man his drinks.    -Next Day-   Same guy, same drink order.   This time the bartender throws up his hands in disbelief!   Bartender: "DOES ANYBODY IN YOUR FAMILY LIKE WOMEN?"   Guy: "Yep....My Wife"  
A man walks into a bakery. There's a few persons in front of him and when he gets to the counter, there's a bag ready for him. He checks the insides and is pleasantly suprised. "How do you know what I'd order?"     The baker answers: "I saw you were browsing r/jokes, so I knew you'd order the usual past*e*ry."
Horse walks into a bar... Bartender says, “Why the long face?”  Horse says, “Because I’ve got AIDS...”
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel attached to the front of his pants... The barkeep says "I have no problem serving pirates, but I gotta ask...what's with the steering wheel?"  The pirate looks at him and says "Arr, it be drivin me nuts..."
Pavlov, Pachelbel, Pascal, and Pasteur walk into a bar... Pavlov says: "They should ring a bell when they serve the drinks."  Pachelbel says: "They should ring the bell four times when they serve the drinks."  Pascal says: "Who would ring the bell?"  Pasteur says: "They left their juice open, it's fermented."
A Scotsman walks into a bakery and asks ‘is that a donut or a meringue?’ The baker says ‘nah you’re right, it’s a donut’
A dung beetle walks into a bar..... \*Sits down\*  "Is this stool taken?"
A man walks into a bar... ...and says "ow"
A duck walks into a bar. A duck walks into a bar, and says "Got any grapes?" The bartender says, "No, we don't have any grapes."  A duck walks into a bar, and says "Got any grapes?" The bartender says, "I already told you, we don't have any grapes."  A duck walks into a bar, and says "Got any grapes?" The bartender says,"HEY DUCK, WE DON'T HAVE ANY GRAPES"  A duck walks into a bar, and says "Got any grapes?" The bartender says, "DUCK, WE DON'T HAVE ANY GRAPES, WE WILL NEVER HAVE GRAPES, AND IF YOU ASK ME THAT QUESTION ONE MORE TIME, I WILL NAIL YOUR ORANGE BEAK TO THE BAR!"  A duck walks into a bar, and says "Got any nails?" The bartender says "No." "Got any grapes?"
A blind man walks into a bar.. And a table. And a chair.
A roman walks into a bar holds up two fingers and says "5 beers please"﻿.
A man walks into a bar, He says ouch.
An old lady walks into her church... An old lady walks into her church to pray one morning.  The church was having some painting work done in the domes, and the painter was up working when he sees the old lady walk in.  When he notices that she does not realize he is up there, he decides to have a little fun.  He booms, "I am the Lord!"  The old lady does not respond.  "I am the Lord!" he says again.  Still no response from the old lady.  Finally, he really gives it a go, "I AM THE LORD!"  The old lady looks around, quite irritated, and says, "Would you please be quiet?  I'm trying to talk to your mother!"
A man with authority walks into a bar... Orders everyone a round
A man walks into a bathroom and slips on a turd.. Another man approaches and says ''are you alright mate? I just did that''
Two men walk into a bar.... The third one ducks.
A blind man walks into a bar... ...and finds his way to a barstool.  After ordering a drink, and sitting there for a while, the blind guy yells to the bartender, “Hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?” The bar immediately becomes absolutely quiet.  In a husky, deep voice,the woman next to him says, “Before you tell that joke, you should know something. The bartender is blonde, the bouncer is blonde and I’m a 6′ tall, 200 pound blonde with a black belt in karate. What’s more, the fella sitting next to me is blonde and he’s a weightlifter. The woman to your right is a blonde, and she’s a pro wrestler. Think about it seriously, mister. You still wanna tell that blonde joke?” The blind guy says, “Nah, not if I’m gonna have to explain it five times.”
A man who is into GILFs walks into a bar He spots his perfect type, early 70s, still pretty fit and dressed inappropriately for her age. He sits down next to her and buys her a drink. One thing leads to another and they are at his house getting down and dirty. He sucks on her tits and a mouthful of creamy liquid comes out. He stops and asks 'Hey aren't you to old to be lactating?' 'Sure am Honey but I'm not to old to have breast cancer.'
So a pirate walks into a bar with a ship wheel sticking out of his pants, the bartender says let me guess Its driving your nuts.  The pirate answers no you loss one bet and now its stuck.
3 men walk into a bar. Bartender: What will it be?  Man 1: I'd have a whiskey, please.  Man 2: You might as well drink water out of a tree. Same woody taste.  Man 3: You might as well just put the wood in your mouth, then.  Bartender: One Bud light coming up.
A man walks into a bar and says "Ouch!"
A little old lady walks into a sex store A little old lady walks into a sex store. She asks where all the dildos are.  The clerk points to the wall and says "Right there on that wall"  Lady points and says "Oh wow, I'll take that red one!"  Clerk says "No lady, the dildos are on the wall next to the fire extinguisher"
A cat walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender notes how ridiculous this is, because cats can not speak, nor are their thought processes complex enough to do even something as simple as ordering a drink at a bar. The bartender wakes up and realizes it was all a dream. Grateful to be returned to a world that makes sense, he rolls over and tells his wife, but she does not share his enthusiasm. Indeed, their 26-year marriage has begun to sour as of late. The bartender cries.
7, 11 and 13 walk into a bar 7 turns to 11 and 13 and says, "This is a prime example of how odd we are!"
A weasel walks into a bar... The bartender says  "Wow, in all my time bartending I've never had a weasel come in. What can I get you?"  "Pop", goes the weasel.
An angry man walks into a bar [nsfw] Jim walks into a bar one night after a terrible day.  He's feeling rowdy and is looking for a fight.  He orders a beer, downs it, and slams it on the table.   He taps the man to his left and says, " you looking for a fight?" The man replies,"No, Just having a nice drink tonight." Jim sits back down, orders a beer, and downs it once again. He taps the man to his right and says," You looking for a fight?" The man replies,"No sir, i don't want any trouble tonight." Jim, really pissed off at this point, orders himself another beer. Jim drinks it, slams it on the bar, and then stands up on his stool and yells to the bar, " Hey everybody on this side of the room, (pointing to his right) are a bunch of cock suckers.  Everybody on this side of the room (pointing to his left ) are a bunch of mother fuckers!!" Jim stands there getting ready to fight, but no one approaches him. Jim sits back down. Finally, a big biker walks out from the back and up to Jim. The man points at him and asks, "Hey, did you call me a Mother Fucker?" Jim replies, "Sure as hell I did."  The man then says to Jim, " Well Hell, I guess I'm on the wrong side."   
A weasel walks into a bar... The bartender says: "Wow!  In all my years of tending bar, I have never served a weasel before! What can I get you?  "Pop," goes the weasel.
A panda walks into a bar He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place.   After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves. The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house.   "You owe me money," she says. "For what?" The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute." The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money."   The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda. Look it up." She is about to protest when the panda hands her the dictionary. The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary, and it reads, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves
A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat. Before he can order a beer, a bowl of pretzels on the counter speaks up, A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat. Before he can order a beer, a bowl of pretzels on the counter speaks up, " Hey, you're a handsome fellow. " The man tries to ignore this and orders a Pilsner beer. The bowl pretzels then says," Ooooooh a pilsner, you must be a man of great taste. " Worried, the man calls the bartender and says, " This bowl of pretzels keeps saying nice things to me." To this the bartender says, "Don't worry about the pretzels, they're complimentary. "
A blind man walks into a bar And a table......and a chair.
A peice of rope walks into a bar...  the rope asks for a drink and the bartender says "Didn't you read the sign? We don't serve rope here" The rope then walks out of the bar and finds a random man. The rope says to the man "Tie me in a knot" so the man ties the rope into a knot. The rope then says "Fray my ends" and so the man frays the ropes ends. The rope walks back into the bar and the bartender says "Hey aren't you that peice of rope that was just in here?"   The rope then says "No, I'm a frayed knot"
A man walks into a bar in Manchester He orders a drink and sits down on a barstool. He notices a large, clear, plastic box on a shelf behind the bar with £20 notes stuffed into it.   He asks the barmaid “Ey love, what’s that box there for?”. She replies “Ah, that’s the 3 part pub challenge!”  Intrigued, the man asks her to explain.  “See that bloke there at the end of the bar?” She says. “That’s Big Mick. He’s the hardest bloke in Manchester. You’ve got to knock him out in one punch. That’s the first part”  “Okay...” Says the man. “What’s the second part?”  “Well, Big Mick’s got a big dog with one big tooth. He’s round the back. You’ve got to tackle the dog, pull out his tooth and put it right here on the bar.”   The bloke was getting tempted now. “Right, and what’s the third part?”  “Big Mick’s mum owns the pub. She’s 86 and she’s never had an orgasm. She lives upstairs. You’ve got to go up there and give her the time of her life.”  “Fuck it!” the man exclaims. He shoves a rolled up £20 note in the box, walks over to Big Mick and lays him out flat. People are shocked.  He walks outside and round to the back where he sees a snarling Rottweiler tied to a post. There’s a crowd gathering now.   He gets the dog by the neck and goes at it. The dogs screaming, shaking and slobbering all over the place. People can’t believe what they’re seeing. He finishes the job, wipes the sweat from his forehead, runs back into the pub and shouts   **“Right then, where’s this old girl with the dodgy tooth?!”**
Stormy Daniels walks into a bar... Stormy Daniels walks into a bar.  The bartender says, "Hey, you look familiar, have I met you before?"  Stormy smiles and says, "Maybe in another life..."  A drunk sits down next to her, looks her up and down and says, "Hey! You..you look familiar to me! Do I know you?"  Stormy laughs and says, "Maybe in another life..."  Just then Donald Trump walks into the bar, Stormy looks up and says, "I'm going to Old Navy!"
A guy walks into a bar. "SHIT THAT HURTS", He said.
*Dies and walks into hell* WE HAVE UPDATED OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
So a soccerball walks into a bar The bartender kicked him out.
I walk into a bar... ... And the waitress runs up to me and says. Please tell me you know CPR. I said, "LADY! not only that I know the whole alphabet".  The whole bar was laughing, all except one guy...
Sixteen sodium atoms walk into a bar… followed by Batman.
A Drunk Walks Into A Bar A drunk walks into a bar, orders a shot and and immediately pukes all over his own shirt. "Wha' my gonna do now? My wifez gonna kill me."  "Relax," the bartender says, "give me a five-dollar bill." The bartender folds up the bill and puts it in the guy's shirt pocket. "Tell your wife some drunk puked on you and gave you five bucks to have your shirt cleaned."  "Thass a great idea!"  When the drunk gets home his wife answers the door. "Where have you been? What happened to your shirt?"  He tries to put on a sober voice and says, "Relaaax honey, some drunk guy puked on me and gave me five bucks to have my shirt cleaned."  The drunk's wife reaches in his pocket, grabs the money, and says, "There's $10 in here!"  "Oh yeah, he shit my pants, too."
So a man walks into a bar... He orders a beer, the bartender charges him $3.50, takes the $3 and puts it in the register, and puts the $0.50 in a large jar on the counter.  The guy finishes his beer and orders another. Again, he pays $3.50, $3 goes in the register, and the change into the jar.  Now it's a friday night, and the bar's crowded, and he notices that every time someone orders a drink it's the same. The cash goes in the register, the change goes in the jar.  Finally, his curiosity gets the better of them. He signals the bartender over and says "Excuse me, but what's with the jar?"  "Oh that?" The bartender says. "That's our Weekly Challenge Jar. Every week we have a challenge and whoever completes it gets the money in the jar."  "There must be $50 in there," the man says. "What's today's challenge?" "Well, see," the bartender says, "There's an old dog out back, a rottweiler with an infected tooth. We tried to get him to an animal dentist but nobody would go near his mouth since he's a bit aggressive. So you gotta take this pair of pliers here and go pull the dog's tooth."  "That sounds dangerous," says the man, "but I'd do it for $50."  "That's not all," says the bartender. "The guy who owns the bar is upstairs, and he has the ugliest daughter in the world. She's so ugly, she's about to turn 30 and has never been with a man. After you pull the dog's tooth, you've gotta go upstairs and, uh, deflower her."  "For $50?!? Fuck that! I'll just have a whiskey." The guy pays the bartender $5 for the whiskey, and $2 goes in the jar, $3 in the register. The bartender shrugs it off as his loss.  Well, the night goes on and the jar keeps getting fuller, and the guy keeps getting drunker. Finally, just after last call, the guy is sitting there drunkenly watching the bartender count the change jar. The bartender mentions that the change jar has $800 in it, and the guy says "Fuck it. I'll do it for $800." The bar goes SILENT. The bartender asks "Are you sure? Nobody's ever actually done a weekend challenge before."  "Yeah, I'll do it. Fuck it." The man drunkenly slurs. He finishes his drink and slams it on the counter, grabs the bartender's pliers, and all eyes are on him as he walks towards the back door.  He opens the back door and the bar gasps as they hear the dog barking and snarling, and he sounds PISSED. The door closes, and the dog barks louder as the man yells. The sounds escalate as the two snarl and yell at each other outside.  Finally, the guy enters the bar triumphantly, covered in beer, blood, and dog saliva. He holds the empty pliers triumphantly into the air and yells "Alright, now where's the bitch who needs her tooth pulled?!?"
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks "why...". The horse interrupts by "my boss called me a neighsayer in front of the whole company".
A guy walks into a quiet bar carrying three ducks-one in each hand and one under his left arm. He places them on the bar, has a few drinks, and chats with the bartender.   The Bartender is experienced and has learned not to ask people about the animals that they bring into the bar, so he doesn't mention the ducks.   He and the guy chat for about 30 minutes before the guy has to go to the restroom. Now, the bartender is alone with the ducks. After an awkward silence, he decides to try to make conversation.   "What's your name?" he says to one of the ducks. "Huey," answers the first duck.   "How's your day been, Huey?" "Great. Lovely day. Had a ball. Been in and out of puddles all day."   "Oh, that's nice," says the bartender.   Then he says to the second duck, "And what's your name?". "Dewey," comes the answer.   "So how's your day been, Dewey?" "Great. Lovely day. Had a ball. Been in and out of puddles all day. If I had the chance, I would do it all again."   So the bartender turns to the third duck and says, "So, you must be Louie." "No," growls the third duck,   "My name is Puddles. And don't ask about my day."
An old withered rope walks into a bar... The bartender looks at him and says, "We don't serve your type. Get the hell out."  The rope leaves the bar, ties himself in half, then walks in the next day.   The bartender looks at him and says, "Hey, aren't you that rope I told to get the hell out of here yesterday?"  The rope replies, "I'm a frayed knot."
A sandwich walks into a bar A sandwich walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a drink.  Bartender: "sorry we don't serve food here".
Three people walk into a bar... You’d think one of them would’ve seen it!
One dung beetle walks into a bar and nobody cares... A hundred dung beetles walk into a bar and everyone  loses their shit.
A man walks into a bar his alcohol dependency is tearing his family apart.
A gay walks into a bar. "What can I get you?" asks the bartender.   "Give me an ale, please."
Two men walk into a bar... The third man ducked...
A man walks into a bar Okay, seriously all I see in this subreddit are reposts, told hundreds of time, always getting a thousand or so updoots. Can we please fix the state of this sub?
An alien, a lawyer, a priest, a Russian, and a dog all walk into a bar... ...and the bartender says, "What is this, a joke?"
Batman walks into a bar Finds Joker having some drinks and texting on his iPhone.   Feels bad that he couldn't bring his batmobile with him. 
Two guys walk into a bar and take turns ordering rounds of beer. After a  few rounds have passed, one guy drains his mug and says to the other,  "Your round." "Well so are you, you fat jerk," the other guy replies.
A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer.  He notices the shuffleboard  table is free so he asks the guy next to him if he'd like to play a  game. "Sure, this brings back some memories. You know, my dad always  used to beat me while playing shuffleboard," he tells the guy. "Because I  would always win."
A Higgs Boson walks into a church, and the priest yells 'get out!' The Boson replies 'But you can't have mass without me'. The priest retorts 'Actually, we can, because the Higgs mechanism contributes less than 0.1% of an atom's mass. Most of the mass of an atom actually comes from the strong nuclear force.' The Higgs Boson, defeated, exits and knows better than to try that sneaky shit again.
Two whales walk into a bar. First whale says: ooooEEEEEEEEaaaayyyyyuuuuuuaaaaaa eeeeooOOOOYAIIIAIIIEYOOOooooooo  Second whale says: Shut up Steve, you're drunk
A man walks into a clinic to see a doctor He said to me he has to feel my balls first   I was shocked when his hands were so cold   I thought to myself “a decent dentist should be able to afford heating!”
A Russian spy, a sexual predator and a billionaire walk into a bar Bartender says "What can I get you Mr. President?"
An atmosphere walks into a bar With 0.2 pounds per square inch left over.
Two hydrogen atoms walk into a bar One says, "I think i've lost an electron"  The other says, "Are you sure?"  The first says, "Yes, i'm positive..."
A guy walks into a bar with his horse  and offers $100 to anybody who can  make the horse laugh. Only one guy says he can do it, and he whispers  something in the horse's ear. Sure enough, the horse laughs his head  off.     So the following week, the guy is back in the bar with his  horse again, but his time he offers $200 to anyone who can make the  horse cry. The same guy comes up to him, then whispers to the horse and  they go off to the bathroom. Amazingly, when they come back, the horse  is sobbing. The horse's owner goes over to the other guy, and says:  "Hey, I just gotta know - how did you do that?"     "Simple," he replies, "last week I told him I had a bigger cock than him. This week I showed him...."  
Two firmware engineers walk into a bar. This isn't a joke, we drink to forget.
A man walks into a bar and asks for a bowl of chili... ...and the bartender says "ehhh, sorry man, but the guy next to you has the last bowl. Is there anything else I can get you?"  "No, it's fine," the man says.  Sitting there in is own self-pity, the man looks over to his chiliful neighbor and notices the dick isn't even touching it!   "Hey, uh, are you going to eat that?" says the man.  "No, you can have it."  So, with a rush of joy, the man slides the bowl over in front of him and starts chowing down. It's delicious. Warm, spicy, great texture.  It's probably the best chili this man has ever had the pleasure of tasting.  He's scarfing this bowl down when he notices a dead, bloated, tomato juice soaked rat. The man immediately throws the contents of his stomach back into the bowl and his neighbor says "Yeah, that's how far I got..."  
A man walks into a bar The next one ducks.
A man walks into confessional and says, "Forgive me Father for I have sinned..." The priest replies, "What is it that brings you here?"  "Well father, I used the F-word over the weekend."  "Oh is that all? Say five Hail Mary’s and may the Lord be with you."  The man replies, "but I really need to talk about it."  "Let’s have it then," the priest says as he leans back on the hard wooden bench.  "You see Father, I was playing golf this weekend and on the first tee, I was lining up my drive and proceeded to hit a horrendous slice into the trees."  "I play golf myself and I understand why you used the F-word at that point" the Father said.  "No, not yet. As luck would have it, I found my ball and had a clear shot to the green from a nice lie; when all of a sudden, a squirrel scampered out of some bushes, picked up my ball by its teeth and darted up a tree."  "That must have been when you cursed?"  "No, because just as the squirrel had climbed to the top of the tree, a bird swooped out of the skies and grabbed the squirrel with its talons. The bird flew out the trees and back out over the green. Then, the squirrel dropped my ball from its mouth landing 5 inches from the cup!"  "And that’s when you cursed aloud," the priest said assuredly.  "No, no.."  The exasperated Priest shouted, "Don’t tell me you missed the fucking putt!?"
A tree walks into a bar Bartender says, "Why the log face?"
A small flock of sheep walks into an Scottish bar The bartender, immediately upset by the commotion, tells them they have to leave.  A brave sheep stands up to the bartender and says "Sheep or not, I'm a true Scotsman. I know the history of our people all the way back to the beginning of time, and this place is my home."  The bartender replies "That may be true, but you and your lot are making a mess. Not in my bar!"  A second sheep approaches the bartender: "Listen here, we provide the wool for your kilt and work hard grazing your land. We deserve a drink in return."  The bartender replies "That may also be true, but your friends are literally shitting on my floor. You can't even use a toilet. If I had paying customers they'd all be disgusted.  A third sheep charges forward: "Now that's just speciesism! The plight of the common sh...!" The offended sheep is interrupted. Right at that moment a man walks in the bar.  The bartender exclaims "Finally, a true Scotsman and a paying customer!"  The man replies "Sorry lad, I'm just here for the orgy. Is this the right address?"
A rabbit walks into a pub And says to the barman, 'Can I have a pint of beer and a ham and cheese toastie?' The barman is amazed but gives the rabbit a pint of beer and a ham and cheese toastie. The rabbit drinks the beer and eats the toastie, he then leaves.  The following night the rabbit returns and again asks for a pint of beer and a ham and cheese toastie. The barman, now intrigued by the rabbit and the extra drinkers in the pub (because word gets round) gives the rabbit the pint and the toastie. The rabbit consumes them and leaves.  The next night, the pub is packed, in walks the rabbit and says, 'A pint of beer and a ham and cheese toastie, please barman.' The crowd is hushed as the barman gives the rabbit his pint and toastie and then burst into applause as the rabbit wolfs them down.  The next night there is standing room only in the pub, coaches have been laid on for the crowds of patrons attending, the barman is making more money in one week than he did all last year. In walks the rabbit and says, 'A pint of beer and a ham and cheese toastie, please barman' smiling and accepting the tributes of the masses.   The barman says, 'I'm sorry rabbit, old mate, old mucker but we are right out of them ham and cheese toasties' .   The rabbit looks aghast, the crowd has quietened to almost a whisper, when the barman clears his throat nervously and says, 'We do have a very nice Cheese and Onion Toastie.'   The rabbit looks him in the eye and says, 'Are you sure I will like it?'   The masses bated breath is ear shatteringly silent. The barman, with a roguish smile says, 'Do you think that I would let down one of my best friends, I know you'll love it.  'Ok, 'says the rabbit, 'I'll have a pint of beer and a cheese and onion toastie'. The pub erupts with glee as the rabbit quaffs the beer and guzzles the toastie, he then waves to the crowd and leaves....  NEVER TO RETURN  One year later in the now impoverished public house, the barman (who has only served 4 drinks tonight, 3 of which were his) calls time. When he is cleaning down the now empty bar, he sees a small white form, floating above the bar. The barman says, 'Who are you?'   To which he is answered, 'I am the ghost of the rabbit that used to frequent your public house.'   The barman says, 'I remember you, you made me famous, you would come in every night and have a pint of beer and a ham and cheese toastie, masses came to see you and this place was famous.'  The rabbit says, 'Yes I know.'   The barman said, 'I remember, on your last night we didn't have any ham and cheese toasties, you had a cheese and onion one instead.'  The rabbit said, 'Yes, you promised me that I would love it' .   The barman said, 'You never came back, what happened?  'I DIED' , said the rabbit.'  NO!' said the barman, 'what from?'   After a short pause,the rabbit said... 'Mixin' -me-toasties'
A man walks into a bar with a dog A man walks into a bar with a dog. The bartender says, "You can't bring that dog in here."   "You don't understand," says the man. "This is no regular dog, he can talk."   "Listen, pal," says the bartender. "If that dog can talk, I'll give you a hundred bucks."   The man puts the dog on a stool, and asks him, "What's on top of a house?"   "Roof!"   "Right. And what's on the outside of a tree?"   "Bark!"   "And who's the greatest baseball player of all time?"   "Ruth!"  "I guess you've heard enough," says the man. "I'll take the hundred in twenties."   The bartender is furious. "Listen, pal," he says, "get out of here before I belt you."   As soon as they're on the street, the dog turns to the man and says, "Do you think I should have said 'DiMaggio'?"
Turtle and a shuttlecock walk into a bar...... Turtle and a shuttlecock walk into a bar.   They sit down and the turtle is looking around and notices a guy at the end of the bar with a hole in his glove.   Turtle says to the shuttle cock "that guy has a hole in his glove"  The shuttlecock replies "Yeah he's got a real bad mitten" 
A Three-Legged Dog Walks Into a Bar "I'm lookin' for the man who shot my paw."
A guy walks into a bar ... ... and asks the bartender for a Jack and Coke. The bartender hands him an apple. The man, looking confused, asks, "What's this?" The bartender replies, "Take a bite out of the apple." The man does and surprised, he says, "Wow, this tastes like Jack Daniels!" The bartender says, "Now turn it around." The man does and takes another bite, "...and this side tastes like Coke!" Another man walks in and asks for a Gin and Tonic. Again, the bartender hands him an apple and tells him to take a bite out of one side and then another. The man is amazed, "This tastes like Gin and Tonic!" A third man walks in and the previous two men tell him, "The bartender will give you an apple that tastes like anything you want!" The third man, looking skeptical says, "Oh, really?" He looks at the bar tender and asks, "Do you have an apple that tastes like pussy?" The bartender hands him an apple and tells him to take a bite. The third man bites into the apple and quickly spits it out, "THIS TASTES LIKE SHIT!!" The bartender says, "Turn it around..."
A termite walks into a bar and he asks, "Where's the bar tender?"
A Programmer Walks into a Bar The Bartender asks "What can i get for ya."  The Programmer looks at the menu and says,  "I'll have a beer."  "I'll have a beer."  "I'll have a beer."  "I'll have a beer."  "I'll have a beer."  "I'll have a beer."
Three Nazis walk into a bar Three Nazis walk into a bar.  &amp;#x200B;  Their commanding officer walks up to the bartender and says,   &amp;#x200B;  "Congratulations, you are now a member of the German Army. Your first order is to kill everyone in this room who is not Aryan".  &amp;#x200B;  The bartender complies. He takes a machine gun out from under the bar stand and kills everyone in the room. The Nazis, the customers, even a stray dog just outside the bar. Everyone in the room is killed.   &amp;#x200B;  Then, a man walks out of the bathroom and sees the carnage. He turns to the bartender and says, "Brian, what did you do?? Why did you kill all these people?!?"  &amp;#x200B;  The bartender casually responds, "Oh, Aryan. We were just talking about you."
A seal walks into a bar... The bartender asks the seal what he would like to drink. The seal replies, “Anything but Canadian club.”
A British man walks into a French bar... He sits down, exasperated and says "Scotch".   The barman looks baffled for a second but nonetheless complies with the request.  The man then, equally as baffled, asks "Why did you give me sellotape?"  (This one is for my French Redditors).
A man walks into a bar and orders a glass of water The bar tender takes out a shotgun and shoots it, narrowly missing the man. The man thanks and tips the bartender.  Why the thanks you ask; well he had the hiccups.
Guy walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar in Alabama and the bartender asks, “What can I get you sir?”  Man says, “White wine”.  Everyone in the bar overheard and gives him a stern look, bartender then proceeds to ask, “You’re not from around here are ya?”  Man: Nope from Massachusetts’s Bartender: Well what do you do for a living? Man: I’m a Taxidermist Bartender is confused and proceeds to ask what it is he does. Man: I mount animals for a living! Bartender yells out to the bar, “Don’t worry boys he’s one of us!!”
[NSFW] [OFFENSIVE] A Chinese man walks into a bar... He is native from China and has a heavy accent.  The bar seems to be getting to wrap up. No one is there but Tom the bartender, and he is wiping stuff down.   Tom is well loved by his patrons for helping them out in a pinch. Despite it being close to clocking out... he will gladly let anyone grab a last minute drink and stick around.  He was also known for being a key member of the civil rights movement in his state along with his other black brothers. He rightfully took pride in his black heritage.   The Chinese man approaches, sits on a stool, and says  "Hey niggah, get mee uh jiggah"  You can imagine how taken aback Tom was. "Hey man, you can't talk like that. This is 2018 and things are different. You don't understand the power that word has when used by someone who isn't black. This is my establishment. How would you feel if someone arrived at your place of work... and was grossly racially insensitive to you being asian?"  "Okay." the Chinese man replied.  "Yeah? Fine... we'll see how you like it. Lets pretend this is your bar. Ill go outside and come back in pretending to be YOUR customer." Tom proposed.  "Okay." The Chinese man replied... He got up and went behind the bar and started wiping it down while Tom exited.  Tom waits 10 seconds, and then reenters. He sits at the bar and says: "Hey CHINK, GET ME A DRINK"  The Chinese man stops wiping, and slowly looks up at Tom... "Oh sorry...  we don't serve niggah."
A hummingbird and a scientist walk into a bar... Nah, just kidding, hummingbirds can't walk.
Two blokes walk into a pub, somewhere in northern England One of them, who is hard of hearing, goes to the bar to grab some beer. The barmaid says there’s a band on, a country and western band.   The bloke goes back to his mate and sits down with the pints.  – There’s a band on tonight.  – What type of band?  – I don’t know. Some cunt from Preston.
The Power Rangers walk into a bar... The bartender says, "We don't serve your kind here."  The Power Rangers say, "Why, because we're colored?!"
A sad guy walks into a bar and asks for a whole bottle of vodka The bartender sits the bottle in front of him and asks "oh boy, you look like shit, what happened?". The man answers "I just found out my brother is gay".  The next day, the same guy walks into the same bar and asks for two bottles of vodka. The bartender asks "ok, what happened this time?", to which the man answers "Today my son confessed to be gay!"  The next day, once again the same guy walks into the bar and orders three bottles of vodka. "Dude, is there anyone in your family that likes women?", asks the bartender. "Yes", answer the man, "my wife". 
A guy and his pet octopus walk into a bar... Once inside the guy proclaims that his pet octopus can play ANY instrument to perfection and begins taking $100 bets. The first patron approaches with a guitar. "Let's see him play this!" The octopus grabs the guitar and starts jamming out like Jimi Hendrix. Another patron approaches with a trumpet. "How about this one!?" he exclaims. The octopus takes the trumpet and throws down on it better than Louis Armstrong. Several other instruments are brought forward and the octopus plays them all. Toward the end of the night after taking over $1000, the guy asks if there are any other takers. After a long silence, a Scottish man speaks up and approaches the octopus. "How about ye takin a try at me bagpipes" he says, handing them over. The octopus takes the bagpipes and stares blankly for a few seconds. He then starts turning them over and over in his tentacles. After several minutes of this, his partner finally asks him "hey man, what is the deal?? are you going to play it or not???" To which the octopus replies: "Play it?!?! I'm trying to get its jammies off so I can FUCK IT!!!" 
Two bears and three bears walk into a bar... The bartender says: "what can I get you kind folks?" The bears respond: "Oil price over the past decade"
C, E-flat and G walk into a bar 'Sorry',said the bartender, we don't serve minors here.
A palindrome walks into a bar Says "Yasraba Otni Sklawem Ordnilapa".
A bartender walks into a bar demonstrating the danger of free beer.
A man walks into a tattoo parlour and asks for a one hundred dollar bill tattooed onto his penis. Shocked and disgusted the artist asks why? The man goes “well, I have three reasons, One, I like to play with my money, Two, I like to watch my money grow, And three, next time my wife wants to go out and blow my money, she can stay home instead.
A Nazi walks into a bar... A Nazi walks into a bar, looks around, and notices an older orthodox Jewish man seated at a nearby table. Barman, he says, "A round on me, for all your patrons, but not for the old Jewish geezer right there."  As everyone in the bar receives their drinks, he looks directly at the Jew with a nasty little smile. Surprisingly the Jew nods his head and sends a warm smile back.  The Nazi is somewhat miffed, as this was not the reaction he expected. So he goes back to the bar  "Barman, a second round for everyone but him, and this time take it all from the top shelf" Nazi looks again at the Jew, and notices that he is STILL smiling back, and even warmer than before  "Is that Jew a complete fool or what?" he asks the barman Bartender responds: "Oh no my generous friend, that gentleman is my boss and the owner of the bar"     Edit: Wow Silver and gold, thanks so much guys ��
A nazi walks into a bar mitzvah. Shit gets really awkward. 
A Welshman an Irishman and an Englishman walk into a park, they see a slide, but this is no ordinary slide, this slide is magic, as anything you say going down the slide is what you will land in, so the Irishman goes first "A POT OF GOLD" he yells as he slides down the slide, and he lands in a pot of gold, the Welshman next "POT OF DIAMONDS" yells just as loud as the Irishman, he lands in a pot of diamonds, the Englishman goes next but he's been on the drink, so he stumbles his way up the slide, then as he begins his journey down the slide he yells "WEEEEE".
A man walks into a bar ... ... and sits down at a table. He had a pretty hard day at work so he orders a double and something to eat. While he waits for his food, a handful of others come in looking as beleaguered as he feels. These new patrons sit down at nearby tables and place orders similar to that which the man made.  When the waitress returns from the bar she is followed by a man dressed in a gray military uniform with a swastika emblazoned on the arm. The nazi marches in step with the waitress as she delivers the drink orders to the man and the other patrons. They look at eachother quizzically while trying to avoid staring at the supposed nazi as he stand and salutes each time the waitress stops at a table and delivers a drink.  When the waitress and the nazi return to the kitchen, the man and the other patrons look at eachother, shrug, and hold their glasses up to eachother in recognition of their comradery in  the daily struggle that brought them all to this particular bar on this particular day.  After some time, the waitress returns with the food orders for the man and the other patrons. Once again, she is followed by the nazi, marching along behind her and saluting as she delivers the food and once again the men look at eachother, not sure how to react to this ridiculous sight. As the waitress delivers the man's food, he manages to shake his confusion long enough to order another drink.  Before digging in, the men briefly gesture to eachother indicating how odd it is to find a man in full nazi uniform following around a waitress. They then begin to eat in silence, each contemplating the drudgery they will face when they return to work tomorrow.   Suddenly, the man, lost in thought, is surprised by the waitress delivering his drink and as was apparently usual, the nazi standing behind her saluting. As the waitress starts to leave the man says, "Excuse me miss? Why does a nazi follow you around when you deliver food and drink to tables?" The waitress turns, flashes him a sunny smile, and says, "Oh, don't mind him, he's just following orders."
A guy walks into his wife's bedroom to see her cheating on him with his friend. He immediately shouts " What's going on here?"  Wife replies "Umm....You got a friend in me?"
A Roman walks into a bar... A Roman walks into a bar and asks for a martinus. 'You mean martini?' the bartender asks. The Roman replies, 'Slow down there! I'll let you know when I want more’.  I read that somewhere so it’s not mine
A Roman walks into a bar A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers and says “five beers thanks”
A vegan, a Bitcoin trader, and somebody who didn't vote in 2016 walk into a bar. Who tells you about it first?
A man walks into a bar This post is no longer available because the Reddit account has been terminated due to multiple third party notifications of copyright infringement from third-party claimants.
An old man walks into a bar. He sits next to this scary biker fella. After few drinks he turns to the biker and says, "Your moms got a tight ass", the bar falls silent but the biker just looks at the old man and goes back to drinking.   After a few drinks the old man again turns to the biker and says, "I gave it to yer mum real good last night". The biker is visibly pissed but doesn't do anything, he just walks off to another table and resumes drinking.   The old man is now thoroughly drunk and has been telling everyone in the bar how he fucked the bikers mom, the biker gets up walks up to the man and says, " GOD DAMMIT DAD!! You're drunk. Go home"
A woman walks into a restaurant inside of a shopping a mall. She's got a load of bags under one arm, and with her other arm, she's pushing a stroller that contains two sleeping babies. The woman gets seated quickly, and a waiter walks over. Trying to make a good first impression, the waiter says, "Oh, what cute babies!"  The woman laughs and says, "Thanks! They can be a bit of a handful, though."  The waiter takes the woman’s drink order, and because the restaurant isn't too busy, he's able to return fairly quickly. As he sets the woman’s glass of iced tea on the table, he glances at the babies again and says, "Sorry if you get this question a lot, but are they twins?"  The woman gets an odd expression on her face and looks down inside the stroller. The two babies are still sleeping peacefully. But suddenly, the woman starts SCREAMING.  The waiter, of course, is startled, but when he tries to ask the woman what's wrong, she just gets up and bolts, taking the stroller with her but leaving her bags and purse at the table.  This whole scene has not gone unnoticed, and the hostess on duty walks over to the table. "What the hell was that all about?" she asks.  The waiter is completely baffled. "I have no idea! I just asked her about her babies and she freaked out!"  The hostess looks in the woman's purse and finds her ID. "Okay, weird. This woman came in the other day; I remember her name because she called and made a lunch reservation, even though we usually don't do those."  "Well, was she acting odd then?" the waiter asks.  The hostess shakes her head. "No, I didn't notice anything strange about her OR her triplets!"
A Buddhist monk walks into a pizza parlor. He says "Make me one with everything."
A Horse walks into a bar... The bartender says, "Hey!" The horse replies, "You read my mind!" 
C and C++ walk into a bar... After a few hours, C gets sloppy drunk and spills its drink all over C++. Outraged, C++ shouts, "good God C! Have you no class??"
A man walks into a fish and chips shop... Holding a large Salmon. He asks if they make fish cakes. "Yes, we do". He holds up the salmon, and the man at the counter responds: "I'm sorry, but we can't do that". "But come on," The man responds. "It's his birthday!"
Fifty men walk into a bar, 25 French and 25 polish 50 polish men walk out
A physicist walks into a bar .... ....and sees a sexy bartender and sits down in front of her. He then orders a beer, then a second order for half a beer,  then a third order for a quarter of a beer, a fourth order for an eighth of a beer and continues to do this. The The sassy bartender puts two beers in front of him and smiles “It's nice to see a guy who knows his limits.”
A Gorilla walks into a bar A gorilla goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini. He then walks back over to the give it to the gorilla, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a gorilla walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.  So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the gorilla notices anything."  So he walks back over to the gorilla and hands him a dollar change. The gorilla doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore. "You know," he says to the gorilla, "we don't get too many gorillas in here."  And the gorilla says, "Don't lie, I'm the third one in last 6 months."
A man walks into a bar with his pet monkey He sits at the bar and orders a drink while his pet monkey starts grabbing peanuts and putting them in his butt and then eating them. The bartender asks the guy, why does the monkey put the peanut in his butt before eating it?  To which the guy answers:  Because last time I was playing pool and he decided to eat a pool ball, so now he checks before he eats anything. 
An 8 year old boy walks into his parents' room.. He finds that they are having sex, no covers on. He sees everything.  The boy runs away from the room, a little scared but mostly disgusted.  The dad yells 'Son, come back here!'  The boy comes back and the dad laughs, "soon enough you'll be doing this yourself, son."  The kid says "Really?!"  The father chuckles "Yes, you will. Your mother's getting tired."    
A fisherman walks into /r/jokes... A fisherman walks into /r/jokes where he meets a bartender.  The bartender offers him a drink.  The fisherman says he does not have money to pay, so instead he offers a trade-- if he can get the bartender to laugh at his joke, then the bartender should provide a drink for free.  The bartender, a smug, old pirate of a man accepts.  After all, he is a moderator of /r/jokes, so he has become very accustomed to not laughing.      The fisherman begins his tale.  "Years ago, I set out on a whaling expedition, when a fellow sailor told me about the mystical golden fishing rod."      "Let me stop you right there" says the bartender.  I can see where this is going.  Golden rod.  This is a sex joke.  I've heard it before."      "No.  It's not a sex joke" says the fisherman.      The bartender, fascinated, realizes that this may actually be OC.      The fisherman continues his tale.  "There once was a mystical golden fishing rod that was said to be so powerful that anyone using it could catch any fish."      "Wait a minute" says the bartender.  "I think you're in the wrong place.  This sounds like the tale of Darth Plagueis.  You want /r/prequelmemes down the street".      "No.  It's not a prequel meme" says the fisherman.      The fisherman continues his tale.  "One day, a little boy found the rod and used it to catch a lion fish.  Neptune, god of the sea appeared.  He was furious because the lion fish was his best friend.  In retaliation, Neptune broke the rod into pieces, separating the rod and the reel.  The little boy said 'Now I am sad'.      "Oh, come on!" said the bartender.  "Hey, Sad.  I'm neptune!  You want /r/dadjokes.  Don't waste my time".      "No.  It's not a dadjoke" says the fisherman.      The fisherman continues his tale.  "The boy took the pieces home, but they never worked again.  Eventually, the rod was sold at a flea market, and the reel became the subject of many jokes."      The fisherman then asks "So, what did you think?"      The bartender, confused, looks up.  "What?  That's it?"      The fisherman nods.      The bartender, now, is very confused.  It's OC, sure, but it doesn't make any sense.      He scratches his head and asks a question "What do you mean about the reel becoming the subject of many jokes?"      The fisherman says "I can't answer that here".      The bartender asks "Why not?"      The fisherman replies "The reel joke is always in the comments"  
A cowboy and architect walk into a bar The architect challenges anyone who can design the best building in 5 minutes  The cowboy accepts the challenge  The architect and cowboy are handed a pen and paper   The bartender counts them down and says "3..2..1.. draw!"  And the cowboy shoots the architect 
A lawyer, a spy, a mob boss, and a money launder walk into a bar. The bartender says:  "you guys must be here to talk about adoption."
A string walks into a bar with a few friends and orders a beer The bartender says, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve strings here."  The string goes back to his table. He ties himself in a loop and messes up the top of his hair. He walks back up to the bar and orders a beer.  The bartender squints at him and says, "Hey, aren't you a string?"  The string says, "Nope, I'm afraid not."
A man walks into a bar... and on the menu he sees Hamburgers $5, Cheeseburgers $6, Handjobs $10. He walks up to the bar and a beautiful brunette comes to take his order. She seductively leans over the bar and asks the man, “Can I get you something dear?”  The man says “Are you the one that makes the burgers and gives the handjobs?”  She grins and says “I sure am honey” and winks at him. He says “Great, can you wash your hands, I’d love a cheeseburger.”
A dog walks into a bar His day must have been rough/ruff 
A stepdancer walks into a bar.. The bartender greats him, "Hi, what can i get you tonight?"  he answers "Oh, whatever you got on tap"
A local anti-alcohol protester walks into a bar and orders a shot of whiskey and a glass of water . The bartender, surprised to see the protester in the bar at all, much less ordering alcohol, asks him what he's doing. "Just watch," the protester replies. He drops a worm in the shot of whiskey, and another worm in the water. Within minutes the worm in the whiskey dies. "Now, what does that tell you about alcohol?" the protester smugly asks the bartender. "Pretty clear," the bartender replies. "If you drink whiskey you won't get worms." 
A termite walks into a bar It asked, "Is the bartender here?"
3 vampires walk into a bar 3 vampires walk into a bar.  2 of them order Bloody Mary's, and the third asks for water.  They ask him, "Why did you order water?"  He pulls out a tampon and says "Im making tea"
A man and a boy walk into the woods together at night Boy: "It's dark and scary in here" Man: "How do you think I feel? I have to walk home alone"
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The bar collapses from the weight and becomes a black hole  \*BA DUM TSSS\*
A nude man walks into a doctor's office. A nude man walks into a doctor's office wrapped in Cellophane from head to toe.  The doctor says, "Well, clearly I can see your nuts."
A Roman walks into a bar........ .....holds up two fingers and says, "Five beers, please!"
A lazy typer walks into a bra EDIT: Bar, sorry about that.
A tennis ball walks into a bar. The bartender says, "We don't serve tennis balls here."  The ball throws a fit, calls over his friend, and the two make a scene expecting the bartender to give in.  Instead, the bartender yells at the friend, "You get out too!  I don't want a racket in here."
A Depressed Man Walks Into a Bar... He takes a seat and asks the bartender for 3 glass of vodka. The bartender curious of why the hard liquor asks, "Wow you must have had a really bad day, what happen?" The man replies, "I just found out that my youngest son is gay." He then quickly finishes his drinks and walks out. The next day he returns and orders 4 shots of vodka. The bartender shocked quickly asks, "What happened this time?" The man gives out a said sigh and says, "I found out my eldest son is gay." He finishes his drink and leaves. The next day he returns and orders 7 shots of vodka. "Holy Shit! What happened this time! Doesn't anyone in your family want pussy!", asked the bartender. The man tears and says, "Yeah, my wife."
A drunk walks into a bar... He sits down and sees three darts laying in front of him.   "Wha... What's the the deal with these darts, bartender?"   The bartender tells him they have a promotion going where anybody who gets three bullseye in a row get a prize. The drunk staggers to his feet, takes aim and-miraculously gets all three!   "Hey! I won! Where's my prize?!?"   The bartender can't believe this guy won! He's sloshed! He actually never thought he'd have to pay up so he's searching frantically for something to give this happy asshole! Finally, he remembers! He runs back in the office, reaches into his fish tank and pulls out a large turtle.   "Here you go, Sir! Congratulations!"   The drunk walks out, happy.   Three weeks later, the same guy walks back in. The darts are laying on the bar and he decides to give it another go.   Bullseye. Bullseye. Bullseye.   "Hey! Bartender! I won again! Where's my prize?!?"   The bartender says- "OK- you get another prize, but I forget- what did I give you last time?"    The drunk hiccups once and says- "Roast beef on a hard roll."
Two termites walk into a bar One termite says to the other; “can you tell me where is the bar tender”
A salesman walks into a bar and and asks the female bartender what the specials are... She says it’s $5 for a club sandwich and $20 for a bj. Salesman looks at her and and asks her “do you give hand jobs?” To which she responds “Yes that’s $15.”   Salesman looks and her, slips her a $10 and says “that’s $5 for the sandwich and another $5 for you to wash your hands before you make it”
A blind man walks into a bar... and a table, and a chair, and a foot stool. 
A man walks into a bar. And he see's someone in the corner that is kind of skinny making a painting. He says "Hey buddy, who are you?" and the man Replies "oh i am just a man who is hungry. I also like to paint." So the other man just reply's with, " buddy are you and hungry painter?. Because you look like a starving artist!. 
A man is starving and walks into a new restaurant... A man is starving, walks into a new restaurant and orders a soup. The waiter brings the soup but the man notices he had his right thumb inside the bowl. The man is so hungry that he pretends he did not see anything and eats the soup.  Now it is time for a huge steak. Please give me a steak on the house sauce, the man says to the waiter.  Five minutes later here comes the waiter, bringing the steak under the delicious sauce and he again has his right thumb into the sauce.  The man, not willing to start a confrontation, again pretends he did not see anything and eats the steak.  After eating the steak the man asks for a cup of hot cocoa... and here comes the waiter again with the finger inside the cup.  The man explodes and say: "fuck man, I have ordered a soup and you brought it to me with your thumb inside it. I have ordered a steak on the sauce and again you fucking bring me the steak with your finger on the sauce. I order a cup of hot cocoa and you again have you finger inside the cup. What the fuck!"  and the waiter says: "You see I have this problem on my thumb and the doctor said I should keep it on warm places".  "What don't you stick your finger into your ass?" - said the man.  It was there but you kept ordering stuff...
A drunk walks into a bar he's never been in before... He sees an enormous pickle jar on the top shelf that is overflowing with $100 bills. He asks the bartender for a beer and a shot, and decides to ignore it. Six drinks in, curiosity gets the best of him. "Wuz, uh... what's wilth the jar o' money?" The bartender replies that there is a $100 buy in, and if you successfully complete 3 tasks, you get the whole jar. "It can't be that hard!" He slaps down a Benjamin. "What do I need to do?" The bartender then points to a 6'5" bodybuilder. "First, beat up our bouncer." "And then?" The drunk asks. "Then, I have an angry Rottweiler out back that needs a tooth removed." "Okay... and?" The bartender finishes, "There is a 74 year old prostitute that lives upstairs that has a LOT of experience. Get her to reach a real orgasm, and you get the whole jar." With that, the man leaps off his bar stool and heads toward the bouncer. BAM! In one punch, he knocks him out and heads out the back door.  For the next 12 minutes the bar patrons listen as the canine howls and barks. Shuffling and slamming sounds echo through the bar and screams pierce the air. Finally, the drunk stumbles in with torn clothes. Bloody and out of breath he looks the bartender in the face and says..."Okay... where's the hooker with a sore tooth?"
A man walks into a bar... And upon sitting down is promptly told:  — This bar is incredible! The bartender serves apples of any flavor, any one that you can think of!   — That's incredible, you can't expect me to believe that!  The bartender looks up and says:  — It's true, mate. Any flavor.  — Okay, do you have coke and rum?  The bartender serves him an apple.  — No way.. this tastes like coke!  — Turn it around, — says the bartender.   — It tastes like rum! — exclaimed the man. A second man takes a seat next to the two, hearing the commotion.   — Hey, mate, you have to try this! The bartender can serve you any flavor apple that you can think of! — says the first man.   — You can't expect me to believe that! — he replies.   — Any flavor, — the bartender says.   — Okay, get me a gin and tonic.   He is handed an apple, and upon taking a bite his face lights up.   — It tastes like gin!  — Turn it around, — says the bartender.   — It tastes like tonic! I don't believe it! — he exclaims. A third man walks over, hearing the commotion.   — What's the fuss about? — he asks. All three men who are already seated pipe up about the apples.   — Any flavor, eh? Well... I doubt it. Get me one that tastes like pussy!   The bartender, as in the previous cases, hands the man an apple. The man revolts, and nearly throws up.   — This tastes like shit! — he shouts.   The bartender replies:  — Turn it around.
An Englishman, a Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a bar. The Englishman wanted to go so they all had to leave. 
A Grasshopper walks into a bar... He sits down and the bartender looks at him and says: “Hey! Ya know, we have a drink named after you?!” The Grasshopper replies: “You have a drink named Larry?” 
2 dragons walk into a bar One goes, "it's hot in here."  The other responds,  "shut your mouth."   Originally by Jimmy Carr (I think, he may have stolen it)  Probably a repost, but reddit search is useless.
An American walks into a pub, says "I'll have a bud light". The bartender replies "You're American aren't you?" The guy says "How did you know? Was it the beer or the accent?"   Bartender replies: "Neither, you're the fattest fuck I've ever seen in my life."
Guy walks into a bar and orders a fruit punch Bartender says "Dude, if you want a punch you'll have to stand in line."  Guy looks around, but there is no punch line. 
A woman walks into a seedy bar Sits down, and the bartender asks, "What'll it be?"   Woman responds, "Bud Light, please."   Well, she's a lightweight and soon enough she blacks out and gets taken advantage of by the guys in the bar.    She comes back the next day, bartender asks what she wants, she orders another Bud Light and the same thing happens.   But the next day, she comes in, bartender asks, "Bud Light?"    She responds, "No, Coors. Bud Light makes my pussy hurt."
A blind guy walks into a bar ... a light pole, a bench and a parked car
A skeleton walks into a bar He said ouch. 
A man walks into a bar... And look at the menu:  -Local beer: $5  -Imported Beer: $8   -Chicken Wings: $1/Piece  -Chicken Sandwich: $9  -Handjob: $18  The guy asks the barmaid, which is pretty sexy: ''Are you the one that takes care of handjobs?  The barmaid replies: ''Of course, hun!''  The guy replies: ''Then make sure to wash your hands, because I'd like a chicken sandwich''
Two chemists walk into a Bar chemist 1: I’ll have some H2O  chemist 2: I’ll have some H2O also   chemist 2’s arch nemesis disguised as the bartender: [under breath] so close....
A ham sandwich walks into a bar... A ham sandwich walks into a bar and asks the bartender:  "Hey, do you serve food here?"  Bartender replies: "Nope."  The ham sandwich leaves.
A CS student studying recursion walks into a bar StackOverflowError
Asian guy walks into a bar He sits down at the bar and starts drinking a beer. The guy next to him asks: You know karate or kung fu or any of this shit? The asian guy replies: why you ask this, is because i chinese? The other guy replies: No it's because you're drinking my fucking beer.
A blind man walks into a bar He bumps into possibly everything imaginable on his way to a stool but the bouncer helps him out.  Upon sitting down the blind man asks, "does anyone want to hear a blond joke?"  The man sitting next to him responds "there's something you should know before you think about it, the man sitting behind you, 200 lbs 7 inch biceps, he's blond. The bouncer, he's blond. There are 3 other blonds in this bar that all carry firearms and are known for an easy temper".  "Well if that's the case I don't want to tell it anymore" "And why is that?" "It'll go over all of your heads!"  "Did I mention that you are blond?"
A panda walks into a restaurant The panda sits down and orders bamboo. The waiter, completely confused tells the panda that they don’t serve bamboo. The panda gets very angry and demands that they serve him bamboo. The waiter, again, tells the panda that they don’t serve bamboo. The panda points to a decorative bamboo plant near the door and tells the waiter to serve him the plant. The manager, having heard all of this, tells the waiter to give the panda what he wants. After the panda is done eating, he pulls out two guns and fires them into the wall. The manager runs out from the back and asks the panda “Why the hell would you do that?” The panda looks up and says “I’m a panda, look it up.” Then he leaves without paying. Later, the manager googles pandas, he finds that a panda eats bamboo shoots and leaves.  (Eats bamboo, shoots, and leaves) 
A Man Walks Into A Bar.. And immediately starts squealing in pain. 
A duck walks into a bar and asks for a bowl of grapes. The bartender incredulously replies “No, this is a bar, we don’t have grapes.”    The duck leaves and returns the next day.   Duck: “Got any grapes?”   Bartender: “No! I already told you, we don’t have grapes. If you come here again asking for grapes I’m gonna nail your webbed feet to the floor.”   The duck leaves but returns the next day.   Duck: “Got any nails?”   Bartender: “No?”   Duck: “Got any grapes?”  Edit: Apparently this is from a song. 20 years and I now know where this comes from.
A dog walks into the telegram office... He walks up to the clerk and says  "I'd like to send my cousin in San Francisco a telegram."  The clerk nods and takes out a pencil.  "Go ahead, sir."  The dog thinks for a moment.  "Bark bark bark. Bark, bark. Bark bark bark."  The clerk writes this down, then says:  "The ninth word is free today, sir. Shall I add another 'bark' free of charge?"  The dog gives him a look.  "That wouldn't make any sense." 
A German theoretical physicist walks into a bar. He orders himself ein Stein. 
A termite walks into a bar and asked... Is the bar tender here?
Man walks into a grocery store When the cashier asks if he wants his milk in a bag, he says "No thanks. Keep it in the jug."
A man walks into a hamburger shop A man walks into a hamburger shop and orders a regular meal. Later, the waitress brings his meal to him. He takes a bite out of it, and notices there's a small hair in the hamburger. He begins yelling frantically at the waitress, "Waitress, there's a hair in my hamburger! I demand to see what is going on!"  So, the waitress takes him back where the cook is and to his demise, he sees the cook take the meat patty and flatten it under his arm pit. He says, "That's disgusting!"  Then the waitress says, "You think that's disgusting you should see him make donuts." 
Lame Joke: A guy walks into a bar....  A guy walks into a bar in Ireland and spots a pot of gold behind the counter.      He asks the bartender, "Hey what's with that pot o' gold behind the bar there?"     The bartender replies, "Oh that's the reward for a contest that's, dare I say, probably impossible!"     The man then asks, "Well, what is the contest?"     The bartender says, "Well the contest is to make my horse laugh."     The man quickly says, "Hell, I can do that no problem! I just need you all to leave the bar for a moment while I work my magic."     The bartender doesn't believe him but decides to let him try and gathers up all of the patrons and leaves the bar. A few minutes later the man calls everyone back in. The bartender is beside himself, the horse is not only laughing he is pounding his hooves on the floor of the bar in fits of uncontrollable laughter.      The bartender has no choice and gives the man the pot of gold.     A few weeks later the man comes back to the bar and spies yet another pot of gold. He asks the bartender how to win this pot of gold.     The bartender replies, "Well this time you have to make my horse cry!"     The man stands up and quickly replies, "Hell that will be even easier! Bring in the horse, but same as last time you all have to leave while I work my magic."     The bartender agrees and he rounds everyone up and leaves the bar again. Not even two minutes later and the man in the bar beckons everyone back inside.     The bartender can't believe it. His horse is crying and is downright depressed looking.     The bartender looks at the man and says, "Okay, you won my pot o' gold again, but before I give it to you, you have to tell me what you did!"     The man looks at the bartender and a smile comes across his face as he tells him, " Well, it was easy really. The first time I told your horse that my dick was bigger then his, the second time I proved it." 
A man walks into a bar and orders a White Russian And the bartender hands him a picture of Trump
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender sees the horse is upset. He asks, “Why the long face?” The horse hooves him and says,”Why does everyone make fun of me for having a long face!” The bartender replies,”So thaaats why your upset. I’ll get you a drink on the house as soon as I’m back from the ER.”
A, An, The walk into a discotheque It was 7 o clock and 3 guys: *A, An, The* went for a walk. They thought to themselves that they always work for other words. That was boring. They wanted some fun at work. Their friendship was really strong and that sparked an idea - why don't we just start a business? Sure compatibility was no issue. So they thought.  But how could they?  No one has ever heard of *A* working for *The* or *An* working for *A*. It made no sense. So they were really puzzled. *A* suggested that they go to a nearby discotheque and have some beers while listening to EDM.  *An* had the brightest idea. *An* said, 'We will *party* hard, like never before.' *A* and *The* agreed. They drank all night long and passed out on the road outside.  Something strange happened the morning after.  They woke up as an *electron*, a *proton*, and a *neutron*. Finally, they could work together.  Articles became Party-cles.
An Elf, an Orc, and a Dragonborn walk into a bar... There's no punchline, it's just a fantasy of mine.
Three women - two from Eastern Europe, and one from America - walk into a bar. The three of them all sit at the bar.    Suddenly, one of the women, originally from Czechoslovakia, starts ranting about her ex.  "I'm just so fed up!" she cries.  "Twenty years ago, my husband left me, and I still can't get over how he used me just for my looks!"  The American woman empathizes with her, saying,  "My ex did the same thing, and now he won't talk to our daughter, either!"  At this point the two women are getting quite hot-headed.  The third, from Slovenia, is still married but is unhappy with her spouse.   She starts talking, but then the bartender, worried the situation will keep escalating, stops her and rolls his eyes at the three women, saying,  "Look, ladies. I get what you're saying, but you're preaching to the choir.  We all hate Trump."  
A doctor and a comedian walk into a bar Ouch.
A skeleton walks into a bar. He orders a beer and a mop.
A man using Apple maps walks into a bar Or a pharmacy, or maybe a shoe store.
WALKS INTO A BAR... SEXY LINCOLN An older man walks into a bar wearing a stovepipe hat, a waistcoat and a phony beard. He sits down at a bar and orders a drink. As the bartender sets it down, he asks, "Going to a party?"  "Yeah, a costume party," the man answers, "I'm supposed to come dressed as my love life."  "But you look like Abe Lincoln," protests the bartender.  "That's right. My last four scores were seven years ago."
Helvetica and Times New Roman walk into a bar. "Get out of here!" shouts the bartender. "We don't serve your type."
Three disabled people walk into a bar. Praise the Lord!!!
Three 911-Truthers walk into a bar and spot a NSA Agent sitting alone at a table... Three 911-Truthers walk into a bar and spot a NSA Agent sitting alone at a table.  One fellow said to the others, 'Let's pick a fight with that NSA Agent over there.'  His partner replied, 'Wait, we don't want to be detained. Let's make him start the fight.'  The third 911-Truther said, 'Wait here dudes. I know how to do it.'  He went over to the NSA Agent and said, 'The President is a retard!'  To this the NSA Agent replied, 'is that right? OK!' and calmly resumed drinking his beer.  The second 911-Truther now tried his luck and said to the NSA Agent, ‘The President is a stupid asshole who doesn’t understand basic physics!'  The NSA Agent again replied, 'You're very astute, thanks for telling me!' and calmly resumed drinking his beer.  The last 911-Truther told his friends he knew how to really upset the NSA Agent and bounced up to the table and yelled, 'The President is a 911-Truther!'  The NSA Agent replied, calmly, 'That's what your friends were trying to tell me.'
A white man, a black man and an orange man walk into the bar. The white man goes up to the bar to order a whiskey. The barman goes, "Hey, aren't you George Bush?"  "Yes, I am" he replies. "Well Mr. President it's an honor." Then the black man goes up to the bar to get his drink. "Hey, aren't you Barack Obama?" asks the barman. "Yes I am", Obama responds. "Two presidents in my bar in one day; this is the highlight of my life" the barman gushes.  Then the orange man walks up to the bar. The barman immediately tells him to get out of the bar. Furiously, he asks why and the barman exclaims "Ted; you just got a new liver last week. Your wife would kill me if I gave you a drink."
The last man on earth walks into a bar. “Drink,” he says, “I’d like another bartender!”
A three legged dog walks into a bar and says... I'm looking for the man that shot my paw.
A guy walks into a bar, sits down and orders a drink... The bartender looks at him and says" See that woman over there, she will give you a blow job and sing the National Anthem at the same time".  "No way" the guy says.  "Oh yeah, and she only charges $20".  So he walks over and hands her a $20. She takes him into a back room and shuts off the light.  As she starts to give him head, she also starts to sing. He couldn't believe it, the words came out so clear that it was impossible.  Just after he finished, he quickly flicked on the light and saw her popping in her glass eye.
Guy walks into a bar, sits down, and asks for a beer something to snack on. Bartender serves him + a bowl of peanuts. The guy takes a handful to his mouth and faintly hears, "hey great shoes pal". Confused, he ignores the voice. The guy grabs another handful and once again he hears faintly "you have the kindest eyes". The guy looks around, asks a few people, no one knows what he's talking about. He brushes it off, finishes his beer, and grabs one last handful of peanuts. One last time he hears "is that a new haircut? looks great" Fed up, the man pays his bill. $5 the bartender says, for the beer.   The man says, "what about the peanuts??"   Bartender says, "oh those? those peanuts are complimentary"
A guy walks into a coffee shop owned by Eminem He asks the batista, "how hot is that?"  The batista assures him, "that's an awfully hot cawfee pot."  Edit: wow this blew up rip my inbox 
A Redneck walks into a stripclub with Monopoly money. When asked to leave he said "They got fake boobs, so I'ma use fake cash!"
A bear walks into a bar for a drink The bartender refuses to serve him a drink. The bear gets angry.   Bartender says "too bad, we don't serve bears. Especially angry bears"  The bear still angry looks around the room, and sees a woman sitting at the end of the bar. He now has a plan.  "Look" the bear says, "if you don't serve me, there will be trouble"  "Threats don't work here either bear" , replies the bartender.  With that, the bear stands up, and walks over to the women. He kills the women with one swat, and proceeds to eat her. When he is done, the bear walks back to his spot, sits down and demands that drink.  The bartender says, "look, I already told you that we don't serve bears. We definitely don't serve angry bears, and there is no chance in hell that we will serve a bear on drugs!"  The bear, somewhat surprised says "What the hell are you talking about? I am not on drugs."  The bartender replies "I saw it with my own eyes. That was a bar bitch you ate"     Edit: Barbiturate - any of a class of sedative and sleep-inducing drugs derived from barbituric acid.
A duck walks into a bar A duck walks into a bar and orders a beer and a shot. Bartender asks "what's your name, what's your problem?" Duck replies "name's Larry, I've been in and out of puddles all day, I don't want to talk about it". A little while later a second duck walks in. Bartender asks "what's your name, what's your problem? " second duck responds "name's curly, I've been in and out of puddles all day, I don't want to talk about it. " Finally, a little while later a third duck walks in. The bartender looks at him and says "let me guess, your name is Moe". The third duck replies "no, the name is Puddles, whatever you're going to ask, I don't want to talk about it".
A man walks into a bar and sees a beautiful woman. A man walks into a bar and notices a beautiful woman sitting alone at a table. He goes up to her and asks: "What's your name, honey?"  "Carmen," the woman responds. "That's an interesting name, what does it mean?" the man asks.  "My parents named me Carmen because I like two things -- cars and men," she replies. "And what's your name?"  "BJ Titsandgolf," the man says.   
An emotionally unstable man walks into a 7-11 He browses the candy section and decides to buy a Snickers bar. His total is $1.29. He pays with a $20 bill and tells the cashier to keep whatever is leftover.  "Are you sure?" The cashier says.  "I don't like change." the man replies.
I man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and ask for the most expensive drink, after doing that he starts doing shadow boxing, the barman looks at him confused and serves him his drink, after the man finish his drink he ask another one and starts shadow boxing again,the man finish the drink ask another one and starts shadow boxing again, the barman curious ask the man ¿when is the big fight? and the man says:whenever you want because i don't have any money  edit:orthography, sorry it was late and i was tired
A guy walks into a bar, takes off his hat, and places it onto the counter. A duck jumps out. The bartender asks, "Can I help you, sir?"   The guy orders a shot.   The bartender asks the guy if his duck friend wants anything, and the duck says, "I'll have a Bloody Mary."   "Oh! You're a talking duck!" the bartender says. "What's your name?"   "Houie," the duck says.   The bartender gets him a drink on the house then asks him how his day went.   The duck says, "It went great. I've been at work with my big man here all day, then the pond, in and out of puddles for hours. Now I'm getting a Bloody Mary on the house. What else could a duck like me want?"   "That's nice," says the bartender.  Out jumps another duck.   The bartender asks, "Are you a talking duck, too?"   "Yessir," says the duck.   "Well, what's your name?" he asks.   "Douie," says the duck.   "Well, how was your day?" asks the bartender.   "Great. I've been in and out of puddles at the pond, blew bubbles for a bit, and now I can have myself a Bloody Mary as well," Douie says.   The bartender says, "Oh, that's fine!"  Out jumps a third duck.   The bartender says, "Well, I suppose you talk, too."   "Yes, I do," replies the third duck.   "Let me guess, you are Louie and want a Bloody Mary?" asks the bartender.   "No," says the duck, "my name is Puddles. And don't ask how my day is going, just get me a shot and get one for my buddy in the hat, Bubbles."
A blind man walks into a bar... Ouch! Who the hell put that bar there?!
A Roman walks into a cafe A Roman walks into a cafe with four of his friends. He holds up two fingers and says, "Five coffees please."
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. Bartender says, "Sorry we don’t serve food here."
A guy walks into his bedroom with a sheep under his arm He says, "Darling, this is the pig I have sex with when you have a headache."  His wife, lying in bed replies, "I think you'll find that's a sheep, you idiot."  The man says, "I think you'll find I wasn't talking to you."
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a drink, some top shelf 50 year old whiskey. The bartender upon request tells the man "of course" and goes to fetch the bottle from the back. But instead he grabs a cheaper 10 year old whiskey to see if he can skimp the gentleman at the bar. As he returns he pours the shot, the man drinks some and tells the bartender he must have made a mistake because it tasted like 10 year old whiskey which was not what he had asked for. The bartender apologizes and goes to fetch the bottle the man asked for. However instead he grabs a 35 year old whiskey thinking it was a lucky guess. Once again though the gentleman identifies the correct year and tells the bartender to fetch him his 50 year old whiskey. Feeling a little guilty the bartender finally fetches him the 50 year old whiskey, pours it and let's the gentleman taste it. The gentleman thanks him as soon as he tastes it saying "thank you for the correct whiskey this time, I have a talent for identifying the correct year of any drink so you can't fool me." Once the bartender appologizes a 3rd man sitting in the corner asks him "h-hey c-c-can  you try this for me?" Our gentleman agrees and try a sip once the 3rd man pours him a glass immediately spitting it out and exclaiming that "it tasted of piss!" The 3rd man asked "y-yea but c-could you tell me how old it is?"
A bear walks into a bar... He sits at the bar and says "can I have ... a beer please?"  The bartender says "why the big pause?"
George R.R. Martin, Steven Moffat, and Joss Whedon walk into a bar. Everyone you've ever loved dies.
A Dickhead Walks into a Bar... The bartender says, "Why the shlong face?"  Made it myself :D
A blind man walks into a bar He never saw it coming. 
A Pillar Walks into a Pillar Bar Guess you could say he was a stand-up guy. 
One foggy winter night Jason walks into a bar Then a tree, and then into a manhole
A man walks into a pub and asks the bartender to tell him a story about penises The bartender says 'Sorry, mate, we don't do cock tales here'
Blind guy walks into a Walmart. A blind guy walks into Wal-Mart with his seeing eye dog. He gets to the middle of the store, proceeds to  grab the dog by the tail and starts swinging it around in circles. The dog yelping all the while with people staring in astonishment. The manager goes running over screaming "what the fuck are you doing buddy!??" Blind guy says to him "just having a look around"
A guy walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants... And the bartender asks "what's wrong?"  The man replied "I don't know, but it's driving me nuts!"
A French man and an Irish man walk into a bar. The French guy asks his friend: "say, how many Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?".  The Irish replies: "how would I know? I'm neither an electrician nor an anthropologist!"
A man walks into a pub A man walks into a pub and sees a sign hanging over the bar that reads:   CHEESEBURGER: $1.50   CHICKEN SANDWICH: $2.50   HAND JOB: $10.00   He walks up to the bar and beckons one of the three exceptionally attractive blondes serving drinks. "Can I help you?" she asks. "I was wondering," whispers the man. "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" "Yes," she purrs. "I am."   The man replies, "Well, wash your hands. I want a cheeseburger."
Descartes walks into a bar Bartender says, "What'll it be, buddy? Gin and tonic?"  Descartes says, "I think not." And disappears
Three vegetables walk into a club Lettuce, turnip and beet.
A guy walks into a library And asks for a burger and fries, the librarian replies  "Sir this is a library"  And so the man responds  *whispering* "Id like a burger and fries please"
A taco walks into a bar and sits down The bartender says "sorry, we don't serve food here."
A man walks into a bar... It is determined that he is blind. 
A family walks into a hotel And the father goes to the front desk and he says "I hope the porn is disabled."  The guy at the desk replies. "It's just regular porn you sick fuck."
A jumper cable walks into a bar The bartender looks at it hesitantly before saying "I'll serve you, just don't start anything."
2 guys walk into a bar The 3rd guy ducks
a roman man walks into a bar he holds up two fingers and says "il have 5 beers please"
A woman walks into a bar and says to the bartender, “I would like a double entendres.” So he gave it to her.
A man walks into a tech shop with intentions of buying a gaming PC Worker: Hi welcome to our tech shop how may I help you today.  Man:  Hi do you guys have a top notch gaming PC?  Worker: Right this way sir, here we have a computer with an I8 A processer.  Man: I have never heard of that.   Worker: Yeah because that was my lunch.
A hotdog walks into a bar the bartender says, “we don’t serve food here.”
A very arrogant man walks into a restaurant... A very arrogant man walks into a restaurant. The waiter approaches him with the menu and the arrogant man exclaims: "You are giving ME a menu?! Please man, I know it all, just bring me a fork from the kitchen."     The waiter quickly goes into the kitchen and comes back with a fork, handing it to the man. The man smells the fork and says: "WOW, you have prepared a nice Crispy Panko Shrimp Salad with Walnuts tonight! I'll take that".      After eating the salad the waiter approaches him again, asking what he would like for his main dish. The man arrogantly responds: "Just bring me a knife from the kitchen". The waiter goes in and fetches a knife, hands it to the man who smells it and says: "Wow, I can smell you have prepared a nice Skillet Chicken Bulgogi with Mushrooms, bring that to me". The waiter's patience is wearing thin, but without complaints he brings the man his food.     Finally, for desert, the same thing happens again and the arrogant man tells the waiter to go fetch him a spoon from the kitchen. The waiter has really had it by now, and he really can't stand the man's arrogance anymore, so he goes inside the kitchen, grabs a spoon and tells one of the waitresses to rub her crotch with it.     The waiter goes out the kitchen and walks up to the man's table, handing him the spoon. The man smells it, waits a second, smells it again and finally exclaims:     "Hey! I had no idea Susan worked here!"  &amp;#x200B;
An old piece of rope walks into a bar.. After a rough day out at sea, salt in his cords, and some loose strands hanging out of his britches, he walks up to the bar and orders a drink.  The bartender asks him, "You got money to pay for that drink?"  He replies, "No, I'm a frayed knot."
So Jane walks into a clearing... And sees Tarzan going at it with a log. She watches for a couple of minutes, getting real aroused by the raw sensuality an passion. She decided that Tarzan deserved better.  She quickly undressed and called out to Tarzan: “wouldn’t you like to do it with me instead of the log?” Tarzan looks at her, grins widely and nods. “Well, come on then.“   Tarzan takes a couple of steps back, runs up and plants a solid kick in her crotch. After a couple of excruciatingly painful minutes, she gasps out: “why did you do that?”  Tarzan beams proudly and says: “Tarzan always check for squirrels.”
A guy walks into a bar... Ouch.
Two blondes walk into a bar The first said "ouch", the second wasn't hurt.
A man walks into a bar. He has a pleasant evening drinking with his girlfriend and buddies until the establishment closes.  As he is leaving he steps into a bar  -wood taxi, which he called to take him home.  As the taxi driver is pulling away he hits a bar.  To start the meter.  As the man enters his building he hits a bar.  To open the main entrance.  He steps into a bar,  of artificial light as he pushes the button for the elevator.  Then the man walks into a bar.  Swung directly at his head by his angry wife.
Two scientists walk into a bar You’d think the second one would notice.
A man walks into a library and says "You got any books on floors?" The librarian says "Unfortunately no, we store our books on shelves like everyone else".
A blind man walks into... Pretty much everything. 
Dad walks into his daughter's room... And catches her having sex.  Daughter: Oh my God! Dad I'm sorry!  Dad: Hi Sorry, I'm Dad.  Daughter: Dad, this isn't funny!  Dad: Of course honey, everyone knows this is Dave.
3 men walk into a bar Ouch
A man walks into a hardware store So my grandpa just told this joke, it goes something like this:  A man walks into a hardware store looking for some nails, the shopkeeper walks up to him and asks “how long do you want them mate?”, the man responds “nah I wanna keep em”   Not sure if this has been posted before but I thought it was funny :)
A Roman walks into a bar A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers and says "Five beers please!"
Middle C, E-flat and G walk into a bar. “Sorry,” the bartender says to the E-flat, “we don’t serve minors here.”
A blind cowboy walks into a bar... ...and after ordering his drink, asks the bartender if he'd like to hear a blonde joke. The bartender replies, "Well, I don't mind sir, but I must warn you that there are three rather dangerous blondes in this bar tonight.  The first one by the pool table just got released from prison for murder yesterday. The second in the corner over there is the leader of the local gang. And the last one sitting right next to you is a professional boxer.  So I must ask, are you really sure you want to tell this blonde joke?"  The blind cowboy thinks for a moment, shakes his head, and says, "Nah, I don't wanna have to explain it three times."
A limbo contestant walks into a bar... ...and is eliminated from the competition.
A Roman soldier walks into a bar He sticks two fingers up to the barman and says, "Five beers please".
A guy walks into a bar. Sits and orders a beer. A tipsy female voice from aside asks him:"Would you mind buying a drink for a lady?" "Mind if i don't"-says the guy without looking. "Well fuck you ass...Jim is that you?!"-replies the lady. "Daaad! Wtf?!" 
A blind man walks into a bar And says "ouch!!"
A beta tester walks into a bar A beta tester runs into a bar  A beta tester crawls into a bar  A beta tester moonwalks into a bar  A beta tester jumps into a bar  A beta tester sneaks into a bar  A beta tester orders 1 beer  A beta tester orders 2 beers  A beta tester orders 0 beers  A beta tester orders 999999999 beers  A beta tester orders -1 beers  A beta tester orders qwertyuip beers  A beta tester orders a lizard in a cup  A regular user walks into the bar and asks if he can use their toilet  The bar erupts into flames and burns to the ground.
An angry man with a gun walks into a bar and yells “WHO HAD SEX WITH MY WIFE” A man sitting in the corner replies,  “You won’t have enough bullets”
Rene De Carte Walks into A Bar Rene Descarte walks into a bar.  The bartender asked if he wanted a drink.  Descarte responded with “I think not”  Descarte  disappears  Edited: fixed name
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender says "why the long face?"
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says “hey”  The horse says “...sure”
One day a white guy walks into a bar... He goes up to the first black man he sees and says "Hey buddy! How about I give you a nice blow job?" The black guy didn't like the sound of this request, and beat the shit out of the white guy, then threw him out of the bar. When he went back to his seat the bartender asked him "Why did you beat up that guy for?" The black guy says "I don't really know. All I know is he said something about a "job"! 
A man walks into a bar and brings his dog... The bartender says to the man, “Hey! You can’t bring that in here!”  The man looks at him and says, “don’t worry, he’s my Seeing Eye dog.”  The bartender says, “Oh ok. Sorry to disturb you sir.”  The man finishes his drink and walks out of the bar. He runs into another man who is bringing his Chihuahua in. He says to him, “hey, if you tell the bartender that’s your Seeing Eye dog, he’ll let you bring it in.”  So the guy walks into the bar with his Chihuahua. The bartender says, “Hey! You can’t bring that in here!”  The guy says, “Don’t worry, he’s my seeing eye dog.”  The bartender quickly catches on and says, “Pffft, there’s no such thing as a seeing eye dog that’s a chihuahua!”   The guy looks at him confusingly and says, “wait, they gave me a chihuahua?”
A person walks into a pub, sits down and orders a pint. After a minute, he stands on his chair and tells the pub the funniest joke he knows. The place is filled with silence and everyone carries on drinking.  After an hour, another person in the pub stands on his chair and tells the pub a joke. The place erupts! People are rolling around on the floor, unable to contain themselves. It's easily the best joke anyone here has ever heard. Everyone in the pub personally walks over to the man and shakes his hand. All, except for the guy who told the first joke...  "I don't understand", he says to the barman, "that was the exact same joke I told, but he just changed the names".  The barman shrugs and says, "Mate, you've walked into r/jokes. They love a good repost". 
A duck walks into a bar... A duck walks into a pub and orders a pint of beer and a ham sandwich. The barman looks at him and says, "Hang on! You're a duck."   "I see your eyes are working," replies the duck.   "And you can talk!" Exclaims the barman.  "I see your ears are working, too," Says the duck. "Now if you don't mind, can I have my beer and my sandwich please?"  "Certainly, sorry about that," says the barman as he pulls the duck's pint. "It's just we don't get many ducks in this pub. What are you doing around this way?"   "I'm working on the building site across the road," Explains the duck. "I'm a plasterer."   The flabbergasted barman cannot believe the duck and wants to learn more, but takes the hint when the duck pulls out a newspaper from his bag and proceeds to read it. So, the duck reads his paper, drinks his beer, eats his sandwich, bids the barman good day and leaves. The same thing happens for two weeks.  Then one day the circus comes to town. The ringmaster comes into the pub for a pint and the barman says to him "You're with the circus, aren't you? Well, I know this duck that could be just brilliant in your circus. He talks, drinks beer, eats sandwiches, reads the newspaper and everything!"  "Sounds marvellous, “says the ringmaster, handing over his business card. "Get him to give me a call."  So the next day when the duck comes into the pub the barman says, "Hey Mr Duck, I reckon I can line you up with a top job, paying really good money."  "I'm always looking for the next job," Says the duck. "Where is it?"  "At the circus," Says the barman. "The circus?" Repeats the duck.   "That's right," Replies the barman.   "The circus?" The duck asks again. "With the big tent?"   "Yeah," the barman replies.  "With all the animals who live in cages, and performers who live in caravans?" says the duck.   "Of course," the barman replies.   "And the tent has canvas sides and a big canvas roof with a hole in the middle?" persists the duck.   "That's right!" says the barman.   The duck shakes his head in amazement and says. "What the hell would they want with a plasterer??!"
So this man walks into a bar And sits down alone, and orders a drink. He empties his glass and the bartender leans over and asks if he would like another. The man opens his wallet and looks at the small photo displayed in the clear sleeve, and after a moment he puts it down and accepts the bartenders offer. This goes on throughout the evening and after his fourth drink he orders one more. The bartender leans to him and says "alright sir, I'll give you another, on the condition that you tell me what that photo is of". The man smirks to himself and says "well, it's a photo of my wife. I always bring it with me when I drink. I know it's time to go home when she starts lookin good" 
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer The bartender says sorry, we dont serve food here
A guy walks into a bar and orders 10 shots of tequila.  The bartender looks at him and says “wow what’s the occasion?”  The guy says “yeah I’m celebrating my first blowjob”  “Wow here’s one on the house” the bartender says  The guy says “no thanks, if 10 doesn’t get the taste out of my mouth nothing will”
An overworked elf walks into a bar and orders a beer  "What have you little guys been working on lately?" the bartender asks. "Today we worked on a new design on a special spinning toy," the elf says. "What's it called?" the bartender asks. "I can't tell you," the elf replies. "It's a top secret." 
A man walks into a sperm bank. He sees a glass of milk on the table, and he goes ahead and drinks it. Meanwhile the receptionist arrives.  Receptionist: May I help you?  Man: I just drank the glass of milk on the table.  Receptionist: Oh no...  Man: Wait, what's wrong?  Receptionist: That was my glass of milk!
[Long] A pathological liar walks into a bar... No I didn't.
Alright so, atheist, a Crossfitter, and a vegan walk into a bar. I know because they told me. 
A group of homeless knights walk into a bar and order a New Castle.
A man walks into a bar... ...and asks a patron, "Hey, what's your name?"  The patron drinking at the bar doesn't think twice and tells the newcomer his name. The man writes down his name on a piece of paper.  He goes up to another patron and asks his name. He writes another name onto his paper. A third time he asks for a name and writes it down.  The last patrons asks, "Why are you writing down our names?"  The man says, "I'm writing down the names of people I can whoop."  The latest patron, surprised, exclaims, "You can't whoop me!"  The man says, "Alright, then I'll take your name off the list." And scratches the name off the list.
Two Nerds who speak Morse code walk into a bar Beep beep beep, Am I right?
Cake walks into a bar and orders a drink. After a while he notices everyone's been staring at him since he walked in the door. He asks the barman, "what's everyone's problem?"  The barman says, "If I were you I'd get the hell out if here... Looks to me like everyone wants a piece of you!"  "That's nothing mate", replies the cake, "Ive taken on hundreds and thousands before, these guys would be a piece of cake. Their half baked attempts wouldn't get a rise out of me. I'm no cupcake, and they'll be in teirs after I batter those fruitcakes. I think it's a trifle rude that you're making cake puns while I'm still here. Call the cops if you like, it'll be the icing on the cake, I've been in custardy before, that's just the way the cookie crumbles. Just let me finish my drink, I'll be scone before you know it."  "I'm sorry", says the barman, "Thanks for pudding up with me".
A guy walks into a bar... ...and orders a steak. The guy behind the counter tells him it'll be $1.  "One dollar?! I've been coming to this bar every week for who knows how long, and it's always been $12! Where's Phil the owner?"  "He's upstairs with my wife."  "Well, what's he doing with your wife?"  "The same thing I'm doing to his business."
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks, “why the long face?”.  And the horse replies, “My alcoholism is destroying my family”.
A two-legged cat walks into a bar... and the cat says: "I lost the game."
A guy walks into a bar Guy:  Good evening bartender, an expresso please.  Bartender: That'll be 30cts sir.        The guy then procedes to place 3 dimes on the counter. One on each end and the third on the middle. The bartender finds it weird and annoying but picks them up and the guy leaves.         Next day the same guy walks in and asks for an espresso. And when the time to pay comes he procedes to place 3 dimes on the counter the same way he did the day before. The bartender gets pretty annoyed but keeps quiet.          The day after that, in comes the guy once again. Bartender: Good evening, an espresso sir? Guy: Yes please.  He then pays, but this time with a 50cts coin. The bartender thinks " this time I'll get payback". And places 2 dimes on the counter, one on each end. The guy then places a 3rd dime in the middle. Guy: Another espresso, please. 
A man walks into a bar with asphalt under his arm and says... “Beer please, and one for the road.”
A dyslexic Pulp Fiction fan walks into a restaurant and says, “Asses up in the air mother-stickers, this is a fuckup, I will shoot your hands off if you don’t listen carefully with your arse. ”
Comic Sans walks into a bar The Bartender says, “Get Out- We don’t serve your type.”
A hippie walks into a bar The hippie sits down at the bar and asks for a beer on a tab, but doesn't have any money so the bartender says no. The guy next to him offers to buy him a beer. They start talking and drinking and getting along great. After awhile the guy says to the hippie, "come with me to the bathroom and I'll give you a blow job".  Suddenly the hippie jumps off his stool, pushes the guy down, and starts kicking the guy repeatedly.  A couple of patrons pull the hippie back. They ask him what the guy said to piss him off so much.  "Something about a job. "
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first mathematician orders a beer.   The second orders half a beer.   "I don't serve half-beers," the bartender replies.   "Excuse me?" asks mathematician #2.   The bartender remarks, "What kind of bar serves half-beers? That's ridiculous."   "Oh c'mon!" says mathematician #1, "Do you know how hard it is to collect an infinite number of us? Just play along."   "There are very strict laws on how I can serve drinks. I couldn't serve you half a beer even if I wanted to."   "But that's not a problem," mathematician #3 chimes in, "at the end of the joke you serve us a whole number of beers. You see, when you take the sum of a continuously halving function-"   "I know how limits work," interjects the bartender.   "Oh, alright then. I didn't want to assume a bartender would be familiar with such advanced mathematics"   "Are you kidding me?" the bartender replies, "You learn limits in, like, 9th grade! What kind of mathematician thinks limits are advanced mathematics?"   Mathematician #1 screeches, "HE'S ON TO US!"   Simultaneously, every mathematician opens their mouth and out pours a cloud of multicolored mosquitoes. Each mathematician is bellowing insects of a different shade.   The mosquitoes form into a singular, polychromatic swarm. "FOOLS!" it booms in unison, "I WILL INFECT EVERY BEING ON THIS PATHETIC PLANET WITH MALARIA!!!"   The bartender stands fearless against the technicolor hoard. "But wait," he inturrupts, thinking fast, "if you do that, progressives will use the catastrophe as an excuse to implement free healthcare. Think of how much that will hurt the taxpayers!"   The mosquitoes fall silent for a brief moment.   "My God, you're right. We didn't think about the economy! Very well, we will not attack this dimension. FOR THE TAXPAYERS!" and with that, they suddenly vanish.   A nearby barfly stumbles over to the bartender. "How did you know that that would work?"   "It's simple really," the bartender says. "I saw that the vectors formed a gradient, and therefore must be conservative."
A man walks into a bank He walked to a window and saw a pretty woman on the other side and decided to tease her.  Woman: how can I help you today?  Man: I would like to open an account.  Woman: of course, it shouldn't take long at all. Would it be checking or savings?  Man: Checking.  Woman: Too easy, now we just need a password, what would it be?  Man smirked and said: PENIS.  Woman, without any hesitation: Alrighty. Oohps, I'm sorry, your request has been denied.  Man: why is that?  Woman: it's just not long enough.
A bear walks into a bar A bear walks into a bar and says, "Bartender, I'd like a gin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . and tonic."   And the bartender says, "Sure, but what's with the big pause?”
A half-japanese, an englishman, an Egyptian and a frenchman walk into a bar It was very bizarre 
Einstein and Mr. Bean walk into a bar to have some drinks Einstein says: "Let's play a game first; we'll both ask each other questions. If you can't answer my question you have to give me $1, and if I can't answer your question, I'll give you $1000."  Einstein asks Mr. Bean a question about relativity which Mr. Bean can't answer. Mr. Bean grumpily gives Einsten $1 and says: "Ok, now it's my turn. What animal has 4 legs, then has 5 legs when he crosses the street and only 2 legs when he crosses it back?"  Einstein thinks and thinks but at last he gives up:     "I give up, I don't know the answer. Mr. Bean, what animal is it?"  Then Mr. Bean reaches for his wallet and gives Einstein $1.
A horse walks into a bar Many people get up out of their chairs and leave, noticing the danger in the situation.
A man walks into bar... A man walks into a bar with a 1 foot tall man on his shoulder. He orders a beer and the 1 foot tall man grabs the beer and slams it on the floor. The man says apologizes to the bartender and orders another beer. The 1 foot tall man grabs the beer and slams it on the floor again. The bartender yells " WHAT'S GOING ON HERE! " The man says "I can explain, I was walking down the beach and I saw a lamp, I picked it up, rubbed it, and a genie came out and said "I have been trapped in their for 5,000 years! For your kind actions I will reward you 1 wish!" The man said " I want a 12 inch prick!"
A ghost walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender replies, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve spirits here"
A bear walks into a bar A bear walks into a bar and asks the barman:  "Can I have a beer...................Please?"  The barman replies:  "Sure, but why the massive paws?"   Edit: Paws not pause
Satan walks into a church.... Satan walks into a church and sits down next to a guy.  Satan asks the guy his name, the guy says Fred.  Satan than asks why are you not afraid of me? Fred says, I've been married to your sister for 40 years.
A panda walks into a bar. He gobbles up all of the beer nuts, then pulls out a pistol, fires it into the air, and heads for the door.  "Hey!" shouts the bartender. But the panda shouts back and says, "I'm a panda! Google me!"  Sure enough panda:  “A tree-climbing mammal with distinct black-and-white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves.” 
A piece of string walks into a bar. The bartender says, “I’m sorry, we don’t serve your kind here.”  Hearing that, the piece of string walks out, parts its hair, ties it up, combs it, and walks back into the bar.  The bartender asks, “Didn’t you just walk in here?”  The piece of string says, “I’m a frayed knot.”
A man walks into a bar and asks the bartender,     "If I show you a really good trick, will you give me a free drink?" The bartender considers it, then agrees. The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a tiny rat. He reaches into his other pocket and pulls out a tiny piano. The rat stretches, cracks his knuckles, and proceeds to play the blues. The bartender pours the man a drink on the house and he puts the rat and piano away. After the man finished his drink, he asked the bartender, "If I show you an even better trick, will you give me free drinks for the rest of the evening?" The bartender agrees, thinking that no trick could possibly be better than the first. The man reaches into his pockets again and pulls out the tiny rat and tiny piano. The rat stretches, cracks his knuckles, and proceeds to play the blues. The man reaches into a third pocket and pulls out a small bullfrog, who begins to sing along with the rat's music. While the man is enjoying his beverages, a stranger confronts him and offers him $100,000.00 for the bullfrog. "Sorry," the man replies, "he's not for sale." The stranger increases the offer to $250,000.00 cash up front. "No," he insists, "he's not for sale." The stranger again increases the offer, this time to $500,000.00 cash. The man finally agrees, and turns the frog over to the stranger in exchange for the money. "Are you insane?" the bartender demanded. "That frog could have been worth millions to you, and you let him go for a mere $500,000!" "Don't worry about it," the man answered. "The frog was nothing special. You see, the rat's a ventriloquist."
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey.  He orders a drink and while he's drinking it the monkey is running wild. The monkey jumps up on the pool table and grabs the cue ball, sticks it in his mouth and swallows it whole. The bartender is livid and says to the guy, "Did you see what your monkey just did?" "No. What did that stupid monkey do this time?" says the patron. "Well, he just swallowed the cue ball off the pool table, whole" says the bartender. "Yeah, well I hope it kills him because he's been driving me nuts," says the patron. The guy finishes his drink and leaves. Two weeks later he comes back with the monkey. He orders a drink and the monkey starts running wild around the bar again. While the man is drinking his drink, the monkey finds some peanuts on the bar. He grabs one, sticks it up his butt, then pulls it out and eats it. The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks. "What now?" responds the patron. "Well, he stuck a peanut up his butt, then pulled it out and ate it" says the bartender. "Well, what do you expect?" replied the patron. "Ever since he ate that darn cue ball he measures everything first!" 
This guy walks into a quiet bar.  He is carrying three ducks, one in each hand, and one under his left arm. He places them on the bar. He has a few drinks and chats with the bartender. The bartender is experienced, and has learned not to ask people about the animals that they bring into the bar, so he doesn't mention the ducks. They chat for about 30 minutes before the guy with the ducks has to go to the restroom. The ducks are left on the bar. The bartender is alone with the ducks. There is an awkward silence. The bartender decides to try to make some conversation. "What's your name?" He says to the first duck. "Huey" replies the first duck. "How's your day been, Huey?" "Great. Lovely day. Had a ball. Been in and out of puddles all day." "Oh. That's nice," says the Bartender. Then he says to the second duck "Hi, and what's your name?" "Dewey," came the answer. "So how's your day been, Dewey?" "Great. Lovely day. Had a ball. Been in and out of puddles all day. If I had the chance another day I would do the same again." So the bartender turns to the third duck and says, "So, you must be Louie." "No," growls the third duck, "my name is Puddles, and don't ask about my day." 
A man walks into a bank with a loaded pistol He shouts, everybody down or I'll shoot. Everybody gets down except one lady who is pregnant, she says she cant because she is having triplets. The man again demands she gets kn the floor. Again she says she cant because she's having triplets. The man shoots her 3 times and runs out of the bank. The woman and her fetus survive. Several years later her first son comes to her, mum, mum I had a wee and a bullet came out, then her second son comes up to her and says mum mum, I've had a wee and a bullet came out... then her third son comes in, mum mum, she says I know, you had a wee and a bullet cane out, he replies no, I had a wank and shot the dog 
A guy walks into a bar It hurts
A man walks into a bedroom with a sheep under his arm And on the bed is a lady. The man says, “This is the pig I have sex with when I’m not having sex with you”, to which the woman says, “That’s a sheep, not a pig.”  The man says, “Shut up, I’m not talking to you.”
The Seven Deadly Sins Walk into A Bar The Seven Deadly Sins walk into a bar. The bar tender asks each what they want to drink.  Sloth says: I'll have a Sleepy Sipper Gluttony says: I'll have the Thanksgiving Special Envy says: I'll have what they're having. Lust says: I'll have a Sexy Serenade Pride says: I'll have the strongest drink you have to offer Wrath says: I'll have the Temper, Temper When it's finally Greed's turn to order, his face is hanging in an expression of dismay, says: I guess I'll just take the check =(
A Duck Walks Into A Bar. He ask's the bartender...."Got any Bread"? Bartender says..... "No".  He again asks the bartender...... " Got any Bread"? Again, the bartender says...."No".  He again asks the bartender...... " Got any Bread"? Bartender says....."No and if you ask me again, I will nail your beak to the bar"!  Duck asks the bartender........ "Got any nails"? Bartender says.... "No".  Duck asks......."Got any bread"?  
Guy Walks Into A Bar... Me: Guy walks into a bar  Person: who was he?  Me: I don't know; anyway, Guy walks into a bar  Person: Was he white, black, Mexican, what?  Me: Race shouldn't matter...Guy walks into a bar...  Person: Was he a drunk? Was he drunk? What was he doing?  Me: I guess he liked to sip a bit...I don't know! ... So, he walks into the bar, right? So...  Person: What was he wearing?  Me: I'm not sure! Why do you keep interrupting me?!  Person: Because this is a crime scene investigation! And I'm just trying to get your statement! Are you drunk?!  Me: *chuckles* ... no ... (maybe)  Officer: Alright, then. Let's try this again...What happened?  Me: ok. Alright. So, this guy walks into a bar...  Officer: Turn around and put your hands around your back, sir.
A skeleton walks into a bar and says,  " give me a beer and a mop"
So a mushroom walks into a bar. Bartender says "We don't serve mushrooms here. You're always ruining jokes." The mushroom says "Come on. I'm a nice guy."
A Roman walks into a bar,  sticks two fingers up to the barman and says, "Five beers please."
A charming man walks into a bar and shouts: "THE QUEEN IS DEAD, BOYS!" The barman says: "Too soon, Morrissey"
A man walks into a bar and sees a family of horses. note: this is pretty bad imo, I just came up with this on the spot one day and it was clever.  A man walks into a bar. He looks to his left and sees a family of horses. He walks over to the mother. "That's a beautiful baby you have," he says. "Thank you," the mother replies. "Can I pet it?" The mother says yes and the man bends down and begins to stroke the baby's mane. "Her mane is soft," The man says in a rough and scratchy voice. "I'm sorry, what?" The mother asks. "I could not hear you." Simotaneously, the man's friend walks over. "What are you doing?" THe man replies: "I'm feeling a little hoarse/horse."  GET IT BECAUSE HIS VOICE WAS HOARSE AND HE WAS FEELING THE LITTLE HORSEY HORSE
A snake walks into a bar... ...the bartender says, "hey, how'd you do that?"
A sigma walks into a bar... The bartender asks "what'll it be?" And sigma replies,  "I'll have some of everything."
A guy walks into a bar and asks for a mug of cold beer... The waitress says, "Sorry, but the guy next to you got the last mug".  He looks over and sees that the guy's finished his drink, but the mug of beer is still full. He asks, "Are you going to chug that beer?"  The other guy says, "No. Help yourself".  He slides the mug of beer over and starts to drink. When he gets about half way down, he feels something shaking. He looks down into the mug, sees a dead mouse and immediately pukes all the beer back into the mug.  The other guy says, "Yeah, that's about as far as I got, too".
A big, tough guy walks into a bar... Immediately seeing his massive muscles, and overall dangerous aura, everyone hushes and just stares.  "Listen punks," he growls out. "I run this bar now, and you guys are going by my rules! Everyone on the left side is an incest loving hillbilly, and everybody on the right side is a raging homosexual. Any issues?"  A scrawny, unassuming man from the right side raises a shaky hand.  "And what do YOU want?" The tough guy asks.  He replies "Well sir, what do we do if we belong on both sides?"
A skeleton walks into a bar A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a drink and a mop.
A guy walks into a bar and orders fruit punch The bartender says, "Pal, If you want punch, you'll have to go stand in line."  The guys looks around, but there is no punch line. 
A man walks into a bar and orders a pint. After a minute, he stands on his chair and tells the pub the funniest joke he knows. The place is filled with silence and everyone carries on drinking.  After an hour, another man in the pub stands on his chair and tells the pub a joke. The place erupts! People are rolling around on the floor, unable to contain themselves. It's easily the best joke anyone here has ever heard. Everyone in the pub personally walks over to the man and shakes his hand. All, except for the guy who told the first joke...  "I don't understand", he says to the barman, "that was the exact same joke I told, but he just changed the names".  The barman shrugs and says, "Mate, you've walked into r/jokes. They love a good repost".
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says "Hey" The horse says "buddy, you read my mind!"
A TCP packet walks into a bar A TCP packet walks into a bar and says, "I'd like a beer."  The bartender replies, "You want a beer?"   The TCP packet replies, "Yes, I'd like a beer."
A man walks into a bar, orders a glass of beer, and stares at the bartender for a long time making her uncomfortable. The bartender says, “ Why don’t you take a pitcher? It’ll last longer.
An infinite number of mathematicians walks into a bar The first one comes up to the bar and orders one pint. The second orders half a pint. The third orders a third of a pint. The fourth orders a fourth of a pint, and so on.  The bartender, who happens to know Limits, takes a deep long thought and finally says, " Oh, fuck off, we don't serve mathematicians."  Edit: a word. Also, my first OC, so still need some work.
A regular guy walks into a really tall BBQ joint The steaks were high
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and sits down. After a couple minutes of sipping his beer, a genie appears. The genie says that the man has one wish. The man whispers it to the genie, but keeps it to himself. Ten minutes later a foot tall dwarf runs along the counter, knocks his beer over then runs away. The man looks at the genie and says "What was that all about?". The genie says "Well, you wanted a 12 inch dick"
a german and a russian walk into a bar The german orders a beer   and the russian orders vodka.   but they both have half of poland
Guy walks into a bar and orders a fruit punch. Bartender says, "Pal, if you want a punch you'll have to stand in line"  Guy looks around, but there is no punch line.
A dog walks into a small nick nack shop. He asks the owner, “how much for a bone?” The owner looks down at him surprised, but answers “it’ll be a trade of one good nick nack.”   The next day the dog comes back in, with something in his mouth. This time, a woman is at the counter instead of the man. “I would like one bone please” he says.   The woman grabs the object, holding it up to the light. “What is it? And why should I give you anything? You’re a dog,” she says. At this moment the owner comes in, over-hearing the woman’s remarks.   He shakes his head, giving an apologetic look to the dog. He then turns to her and says “That’s a nick nack Patty wack, give the dog a bone!”   P.s. I hope you enjoy, my grandpa told me this one.
So a guy walks into a bar... So a guy walks into a bar and there is a dog licking himself, The guy says "Man I wish I could do that" Bartender says "Give him a biscuit, he'll let ya" 
A guy walks into a bar at a beach And this is perfectly normal because air pressure is 1 bar at sea level.
John Conyers, Al Franken, and Roy Moore walk into a bar What happens next is subject to a mutually binding Non-Disclosure Agreement
[NSFW] A guy walks into a sperm donor bank wearing a ski mask and holding a gun. He walks up to the nurse at the desk and demands she opens the sperm sample vault.   "But it's just sperm...", she replies.   "Open it!", he orders.   She promptly opens it, and allows the man to look into the vault.   "Drink it", he says, pointing at one of the samples.   Reluctantly, but quickly, she slurps one back.   "Drink another", he says pointing at a second bottle of semen.   She drinks another, and at his further request, 4 more.   When she's finished, the man pulls off the mask and says;      "See darling? That wasn't so difficult now was it." 
A woman walks into a sex shop and asks the man at the counter, "D..d..d..do y..y...you hav..hav...have vi..vi...vibrators?", she says stuttering "Why yes, maam, we do."  "D..d...d...do you hh...h..ha..have  th...the b..b....bbig ones?"  "Yes maam, we do."  "How d...d....d...do you t...t...turn them o..o...off?
Batman walks into a restaurant and orders a glass of ice The waiter brings him a glass of water with ice in it, and Batman says, "You misunderstood me. I didn't want any water; I wanted justice." 
A man walks into a bar... *[This joke is not a part of your premier package. To see this joke you must upgrade to our Platinum Plus Elite Tier.]*
The FCC walks into a bar We still don't know what happened. It's been loading for five hours
A lizard walks into the bar... A lizard walks into a bar pushing a baby in a stroller. “What’s your kid’s name?” asks the bartender. “Tiny,” says the lizard. “Because he’s my newt.”
A pirate walks into a bar wearing a paper towel on his head. He sits down at the bar and orders some dirty rum. The bartender asks, "Why are you wearing a paper towel?" "Arrrrr..." says the pirate. "I've got a bounty on me head!" 
An Australian walks into a bar with a crocodile under his arm An Australian walks into a bar with a crocodile under his arm.  He tells the bartender, “If I put my penis into this crocodile’s mouth for 15 seconds without it being bitten off, you’ll give me free drinks for the night.”   The bartender agrees, so the guy opens the crocodile’s mouth and puts his penis inside it. The crocodile gently closes his mouth and, after 15 seconds, the Australian hits it over the head with a bottle. The now-disoriented crocodile opens his mouth, allowing the guy to take out his penis.   The bartender, shocked, starts serving the free drinks to the Australian. He then announces to the bar, “If anyone else can do that, they’ll get free drinks for the night.”  After a slight pause, a blonde woman chirps, "Ok, I’ll do it, but please just don't hit me so hard over my head with the bottle.”
16 Sodium Atoms walk into a mansion. Batman!  Simple chemistry joke.  Spoiler/Answer: [^The ^atomic ^symbol ^for ^Sodium ^is ^Na. ^Na ^na ^na ^na ^na ^na ^na ^na ^na ^na ^na ^na ^na ^na ^na ^na ^BATMAN!](#s)
An american, a dutch and an italian walk into a bar... ... and dont watch the World cup. 
A gay man walks into a gay bar and asks... "Whose dick do I need to suck to suck a dick around here?"  Heard from Arin Hanson
A guy walks into a bar and sees a bunch of meat hanging on the wall. He sits down and asks the bartender what the deal is with the meat.  Bartender says the deal is if you want a free drink you gotta jump up and touch the meat but if you miss, you buy a round for the bar.  The guy takes another look at the meat and the bartender asks if he's in.  No, says the guy the steaks are too high.
A guy walks into a bar owned by Eminem He tells the bartender,"Give me 2 shots of..."  The bartender cuts him off saying,"You only get 1 shot."
A rabbi, a priest, and a minister walk into a bar.  The bartender says, "What is this, some kind of joke?
A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers... The barman gives him five beers. 
A guy walks into a bar smiling. He looks way too happy. He buys everyone a drink. The bar tender notices all this and asks, "hey man whats got you in such a good mood?" the guy says, "Well I was at work, and I did this girl's hair and makeup, and one thing led to another, and we ended up fucking!" The bar tender is like "oh cool! what salon do you work at?" the guy says,   "I work at a funeral home."
A msn walks into a hospital wanting to give blood. They weren't accepting typO's that day.
Cowboy walks into a saloon. As he belly's up the the bar the saloon keeper asks "what'll ya have".  The guy says I'm so thirsty I could lick the sweat off a bull's nutsack.  A guy in the corner of the saloon looks up and say's "Moo moo buck-a-roo" 
Man walks into a restaurant with an Ostrich...[Long] A man walks into a restaurant with a full-grown ostrich bird behind him.  The waitress asks them for their orders.  The man says, 'A hamburger, fries and a coke,' and turns to the ostrich, 'What's yours?'  'I'll have the same,' says the ostrich.  A short time later the waitress returns with the order 'That will be $9.40 please,' and the man reaches into his pocket and pulls out the exact change for payment.  The next day, the man and the ostrich come again and the man says, 'A hamburger, fries and a coke'  The ostrich says, 'I'll have the same'  Again the man reaches into his pocket and pays with exact change.  This becomes routine until the two enter again.  'The usual?' asks the waitress.  'No, this is Friday night, so I will have a steak, baked potato and a salad,' says the man.  'Same,' says the ostrich.  Shortly the waitress brings the order and says, 'That will be $32.62.'  Once again the man pulls the exact change out of his pocket and places it on the table.  The waitress cannot hold back her curiosity any longer.  "Excuse me, sir. How do you manage to always come up with the exact change in your pocket every time?"  Says the man, "Well, several years ago I was cleaning the attic and found an old lamp. When I rubbed it, a Genie appeared and offered me two wishes.  The first wish I asked was that if I ever had to pay for anything, I would just put my hand in my pocket and the right amount of money would always be there."  The waitress said "That's brilliant! Most people would ask for a million dollars or something, but you'll always be as rich as you want for as long as you live. How smart of you!''  "That's right. Whether it's a gallon of milk or a Rolls Royce, the exact amount of money is always there" says the man proudly.  The waitress asks, "But, what's that ostrich all about?"  The man sighs, pauses and answers with a heavy heart, "My second wish was for a tall chick with long legs who accompanies me wherever I go and agrees with everything I say".
A man walks into a bar When he walks in the first thing he sees is a a group of people surrounding a donkey, the man asks, “what’s going on?” Someone tells him that people are betting money to make the donkey laugh, a lot of people have already tried but no luck, so there’s a lot of money up for grabs. The man  says, “I bet I can make him laugh in only 2 goes, he then goes up to the donkey and whispers something in its ear. The donkey then begins to cry. Another man says “ wow you made him cry but that’s not laughing so you haven’t won.” “It’s ok I said I’ll do it in 2 goes and I have one left, the man then whispers something else in its ear, then takes something out of his pants, puts it back and then walks away, a few seconds later the donkey breaks out laughing, the man grabs his reward as he leaves then someone says “hey what did you tell him, you have to have cheated” The man replies with “well you see the first thing I said was, my dick is bigger than yours, which caused him to cry” “then what was the second thing you said” “I then said, I’m lying and then showed him my dick”
A backpacker walks into a tavern As he walks in, all eyes turn on him, it's a small isolated tavern way up in the mountains, so they don't see strangers too often.  He orders a beer and starts mingling, and because he's a cool guy he fits in relatively quick.  A few beers after, he spots a table at the back of the room, with marks carved into it up to a quarter of the length on one side. He asks his drinking buddy:  "What's the deal with that table over there?"  "Well young traveler, this is where we honour the Will of the Mountain."  "Care to explain further?"  "It's quite simple actually, strikes midnight all those that feel worthy pull out their junk, put it on the table and measure which one got the furthest. They then proceed to fuck the one with the smallest pecker up the ass in turns, for such is the Will of the Mountain."  Baffled at this local custom, the backpacker glances at the table, gauging his chances, he lived for new experiences and immersion in other cultures, so when midnight comes he bravely goes to the table first. He pulls out his johnson, and lays it flat on the table, it reaches up to a third of the length, way past the other marks. Full of pride he looks at his drinking buddy, which replies amused:  "Well done young traveler, you are inhabited by the Will of the Mountain! But I fear that you are on the wrong side of the table."
A guy walks into a bar to meet a new friend he had recently made. After a couple of rounds his friend excuses himself to use the restroom. 30 minutes pass and his buddy still hasn't come back so he goes to check on him, but his friend was nowhere to be found. He decides to head home, but when he goes outside his car is missing. It turns out his new "friend" was a repo man that befriended him and met him at the bar so he could easily tow his car. The man thought to himself "What kind of asshole resorts to repo-sting?"
A man walks into a bar and calls over the barman. A man walks into a bar and calls over the barman.  “Can I pay with a banana?” says the man.  “No, we don’t accept that as a form of payment” says the barman, somewhat confused.  “What about an orange?” asks the man.  “No” says the barman, “that’s not a form of payment either”  “How about a pear?” the man enquires.  “No!” exclaims the barman, beginning to get annoyed, “We only accept money!”  “Dang” says the man, “I knew I should have gone to a cash machine rather than a fruit machine!”
A limbo professional walks into a bar. He lost.
A Pokemon Go player walks into a bar. And a tree. And a wall. And into a lake. 
A Roman soldier walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says, "Five beers, please."
A guy walks into a bar... A new guy in town walks into a bar after a long day, sits down at a bar and orders a beer. As he's sipping his beer, his eye catches a large jar behind the bar, filled to the brim with $10 bills. The man asks the bartender, "What's up with the jar?"  "Well, you pay $10, and if you pass three tests, then you get all of that money."  "What are the three tests?" asks the man  "You've got to pay first."  Some chuckles from the regulars are heard around the bar.  So the guy gives the bartender a $10 bill, and the bartender adds it to the jar.  "Okay, here's what you have to do: first, you have to drink a whole bottle of vodka. You get five minutes tops to down the whole thing. Second, there's a mean bulldog chained up out back with a sore tooth. You have to remove the tooth with your bare hands. Third, there is a 90-year-old woman upstairs who's never had an orgasm in her life. You've got to show her the night of her life."  "Well, I've paid my $10 bucks," says the man, "but I'm not an idiot. No wonder you've collected so much money; that's impossible!"  The guy goes back to sipping his beer. He can't stop thinking about the jar full of cash. An hour (and a few beers) later, he gets up his nerve.  "ALRIGHT. I'LL DO IT."  The bartender smirks, twists the cap off of the bottle and plonks it down in front of him. The guy downs the whole thing in four minutes, lets out a big belch, and winces. He gets up and staggers out the back door. Everyone in the bar hears a huge scuffle outside: barking, yelping and growling, for a good twenty minutes, then silence.  Just when they think the man must be dead, he stumbles back into the bar with his shirt ripped and bloodied, gashes all over.  "NOW," he slurs, "wheresda ol' lady wid the sore tooth?"
3 vampires walk into a strip club They set down on their table, and the bartender asks them what would they like to order, First asks for a bloody beer, second asks for bloody mary, the third wanted a cocktail, then he suddenly gazed at one of the stripers on the stage and then canceled the order. He leaned close to the bartender and asked if they had a pot of hot water, the bartender went to the back and came back with the orders. The other to vampires started cracking jokes about how their friend is now a pussy for not drinking bloody drinks with them.  He laughed it off and walked on in the direction of the stage, and in a quick swift move he pulled out a tampone from the thread that was hanging out from the striper panty, he came back to the table dipped it in his pot of water, and he said:have y’all forgot that I’m the designated driver tonight, I’ll just settle for some tea.
A man walks into a bar and sees a cow hanging from the ceiling... He walks in and asks the bartender why there is a cow hanging from the ceiling  'If you can jump and slap the cow, the whole bar will buy you drinks for the rest of the night, but you miss, you buy the whole bar a roubd of drinks!'  The man responds, 'Nah I can't, the stakes are too high'  EDIT: GRAMMER
["Walks into a bar"] A duck walks into a bar The duck asks: Do you have bread ? The bartender: No The duck: Do you have bread ? The bartender: No! The duck asks again: Do you have bread ? The bartender: I told you, we don't have bread, if you are gonna ask once more, i will shoot you in the head The duck asks: Do you have gun ? The bartender: No The duck: Do you have bread ?
A panda walks into a bar and he asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves. The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house. "You owe me money," she says. "For what?" The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute." The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money." The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda. Look it up." She is about to protest when the panda hands her the dictionary. The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary, and it reads, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves.” 
A neutron walks into a bar He sits down and says to the bartender "how much for a drink?" The bartender replies "for you? No charge"
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and orders three shots of whiskey.   Bartender: You look terrible. What's the matter?   Man:  I just walked in on my wife having sex with my best friend.   Bartender: That’s terrible!  How did you react?   Man: I threw her out of the house with all of her clothes and told her I’d be sending divorce papers in the morning.    Bartender: Good for you, that must have been difficult.  What did you do to your best friend?   Man: I waved my finger at him and said “bad dog!”
A seal walks into a bar The bartender asks "what'll you have?" The seal says"anything but a Canadian Club"
A man walks into a bar But I ducked
A woman walks into a police station "help I have been graped" she says  A police officer then says "don't you mean raped?"  The woman then replies "no, there was a bunch of them
A man walks into the doctors office A man walks into the doctors office and says 'Doc I'm not feeling to well'. The doctor asks 'What's seems to be bothering you?'.  'Well, Doc. I can't relax, and I'm having a hard timing telling the difference between a Wigwam and a Teepee.'  'It sounds like you're just two tents.' 
A guy walks into a bar... "Ow!", he screams.    It was a metal bar.
A man walks into a bar and bets drinks that while blindfolded, he can identify any animal pelt and what it was shot with just by touch... Some patrons agree to the bet and he sits down. A blindfold is placed over his eyes and he is handed the first pelt.  He runs his hand over it and promptly replies, "It's a rabbit, shot with a .22 caliber rifle.  He is correct and is brought another pelt.  Again, he runs his hand over it and within seconds says" This one's a deer, shot with a 30 aught 6".  Again he is correct and the game continues for most of the night with the man flawlessly getting the answers correct and earning a lot of free drinks.  The next morning the man wakes up in bed and upon getting to the mirror, sees he has a black eye. He thinks back over the evening and doesn't remember getting into a fight, so he asks his wife if she knew what happened. She turns to him looking unimpressed and says "Yeah, you climbed into bed, felt me up and said skunk killed with an axe".
A man walks into a chip shop and says, "Excuse me. Have you got a copy of War and Peace?" The guy behind the counter replies, "Sir, this is a chip shop" The man, whispering, responds, "Sorry. Have you got a copy of War and Peace?"
A bear walks into McDonald’s and goes to order at the cash register.   “What can I get for you, sir?” Asked the employee.   “I would like a Big Mac... ... ... ... ... ... and fries.”  “What’s with the big pause there, sir?”  The bear looks down, “Oh these? I was born with them.”
A horse walks into a bar. The horse says "I'll have a glass of 30-year-old Napa Cabernet."  The bartender says, "Uhh, how about a beer?"   The horse says "I think not!!"  And he disappears.
Two friends walk into a shoe store The first friend sees a beautiful pair of red shoes in the window. "I have to get those shoes" she says. Her friend looks at them and notices there isn't a price tag on them. The friends take the shoes to the front counter and the man behind the counter smiles at them. "How can I help you two?"  The first friend says, "I'm interested in these shoes but there doesn't seem to be a price anywhere?"  Man behind the counter: "Oh that's because we aren't a normal shoe store. The price you pay has to be related to what you buy." Confused, the two friends look at each other until another customer walks up with a pair of orange shoes and hands the man at the counter an orange. "Thank you have a nice day!"  "Ohh I get it." The first friend says. She then pulls out her reading glasses and begins to read a book from off her phone.  "That's good enough. Take the shoes" the man says. The second friend then sees a pair of blue shoes behind the counter. "Are those blue shoes for sale?" A voice from under the counter yells, "BACK OFF BITCH, I'M WORKING ON IT"  *Edit-spelling
A blind man walks into a bar. And a chair. And a table.
A woman walks into a pet store and sees a handsome bright red parrot. She asks the cashier how much the parrot is. The cashier says, “I’ll sell it, but I should warn you, it was donated by a brothel, so it might have picked up some colorful language.”  &amp;#x200B;  The woman says, “Oh, that’s okay.” She buys the parrot and takes it home.  &amp;#x200B;  When she takes the towel off its cage, the parrot looks at her and says, “Awk. New madam. Hello madam.”  &amp;#x200B;  A few hours later, the woman’s two teenage daughters come home from school. The parrot looks at them and says, “Awk. New girls. Hello girls.”  &amp;#x200B;  A couple hours after that, the woman’s husband Phil comes home from work. The parrot looks at him and says, “Awk. Hi Phil.”  &amp;#x200B;
Two guys walk into a bar. Clang. 
A neutron walks into a bar Orders a beer from the bartender.  N: How much for the beer?  B: For you, no charge.
A gorilla walks into a bar A gorilla goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini. He then walks back over to the give it to the gorilla, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a gorilla walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.  So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the gorilla notices anything."  So he walks back over to the gorilla and hands him a dollar change. The gorilla doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.  "You know," he says to the gorilla, "we don't get too many gorillas in here."  And the gorilla says, "At nineteen dollars a drink I'm not surprised."
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first mathematician orders a beer  The second orders half a beer  "I don't serve half-beers" the bartender replies  "Excuse me?" Asks mathematician #2  "What kind of bar serves half-beers?" The bartender remarks. "That's ridiculous."  "Oh c'mon" says mathematician #1 "do you know how hard it is to collect an infinite number of us? Just play along"  "There are very strict laws on how I can serve drinks. I couldn't serve you half a beer even if I wanted to."  "But that's not a problem" mathematician #3 chimes in "at the end of the joke you serve us a whole number of beers. You see, when you take the sum of a continuously halving function-"  "I know how limits work" interjects the bartender  "Oh, alright then. I didn't want to assume a bartender would be familiar with such advanced mathematics"  "Are you kidding me?" The bartender replies, "you learn limits in like, 9th grade! What kind of mathematician thinks limits are advanced mathematics?"  "HE'S ON TO US" mathematician #1 screeches  Simultaneously, every mathematician opens their mouth and out pours a cloud of multicolored mosquitoes. Each mathematician is bellowing insects of a different shade.  The mosquitoes form into a singular, polychromatic swarm. "FOOLS" it booms in unison, "I WILL INFECT EVERY BEING ON THIS PATHETIC PLANET WITH MALARIA"  The bartender stands fearless against the technicolor hoard. "But wait" he inturrupts, thinking fast, "if you do that, politicians will use the catastrophe as an excuse to implement free healthcare. Think of how much that will hurt the taxpayers!"  The mosquitoes fall silent for a brief moment. "My God, you're right. We didn't think about the economy! Very well, we will not attack this dimension. FOR THE TAXPAYERS!" and with that, they vanish.  A nearby barfly stumbles over to the bartender. "How did you know that that would work?"  "It's simple really" the bartender says. "I saw that the vectors formed a gradient, and therefore must be conservative."
A man walks into a bar. Ouch. 
Two chemists walk into a bar.. "I'll have H2O," one says.   "I'll have H20, too," says the other.      Neither die, because the bartender understands the context.
A boy walks into an ice cream shop and asks the attendant "Do you have pea ice cream?"  "No" he replies.   After a week the same kid goes back to the ice cream shop and asks: "Do you have pea ice cream?"  "No" he replies. "That's ridiculous."   After a few days, the same boy walks into the shop and asks the same question, getting the same answer.  "I'll fulfill this boy's wish" the attendant says after the he leaves "I'll make a pea ice cream"  A week later the same boy returns to the ice cream shop and asks: "Do you have pea ice cream?"  "Yes" the attendant replies  "Wow" says the kid "That's nasty"  
A skeleton walks into a bar and sees a depressed skeleton and asks what's wrong He says I've got nobody
A group of computer scientists walk into a restaurant They ask for a table for 4   The waitress replies 'but sir, there's 5 of you'    The computer scientist says 'no, look there's 4 of us, see! 0...1...2..3..4..'
Two aspiring lawyers walk into the Bar It was due to nepotism in the legal profession.
A man who lives across the street from his in laws walks into the pharmacy. Every day he walks in and buys a big jar of KY jelly.  After a few months the pharmacist says: “Earl your wife has had 6 kids there’s no way you use that much lube!! She can’t be that tight any more it’s not physically possible!!”   Earl grabs another jar of lube and says” I don’t use it for sex,I put it on the doorknob to keep my in laws out of my house!”
101 lemmings walk into a bar Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch.  Ouch. 
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says "why the long face?" Unable to speak, the horse shits on the floor and leaves.  
A pun, a play on words, and a limerick walk into a bar No joke.
An Irishman, a Mexican, and a whale walk into a bar, The Irishman says, "give me an Irish whiskey." The bartender gives him one and he sits down to drink it.  The Mexican says, "I'll have tequila." The bartender gives him a tequila and he sits down to drink it.   Then the whale says, "WAAOLOOAO" because whales don't talk.
Helen Keller walks into a bar And a table and a chair and a lamp....
A guy walks into a whore house A guy walks into a whore house and is taken to a room where his escort is waiting for him.  The guy asks “How much?”  She replies “well it’s $5 to do it on the floor, $10 to do it on the couch, and $20 to do it on the bed.”  The man hands her a $20 bill.  The woman says “Bed! Good choice”  The man replies “no no sweetheart I want 4 on the floor!”
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first mathematician orders a beer  The second orders half a beer  "I don't serve half-beers" the bartender replies  "Excuse me?" Asks mathematician #2  "What kind of bar serves half-beers?" The bartender remarks. "That's ridiculous."  "Oh c'mon" says mathematician #1 "do you know how hard it is to collect an infinite number of us? Just play along"  "There are very strict laws on how I can serve drinks. I couldn't serve you half a beer even if I wanted to."  "But that's not a problem" mathematician #3 chimes in "at the end of the joke you serve us a whole number of beers. You see, when you take the sum of a continuously halving function-"  "I know how limits work" interjects the bartender  "Oh, alright then. I didn't want to assume a bartender would be familiar with such advanced mathematics"  "Are you kidding me?" The bartender replies, "you learn limits in like, 9th grade! What kind of mathematician thinks limits are advanced mathematics?"  "HE'S ON TO US" mathematician #1 screeches  Simultaneously, every mathematician opens their mouth and out pours a cloud of multicolored mosquitoes. Each mathematician is bellowing insects of a different shade.  The mosquitoes form into a singular, polychromatic swarm. "FOOLS" it booms in unison, "I WILL INFECT EVERY BEING ON THIS PATHETIC PLANET WITH MALARIA"  The bartender stands fearless against the technicolor hoard. "But wait" he inturrupts, thinking fast, "if you do that, politicians will use the catastrophe as an excuse to implement free healthcare. Think of how much that will hurt the taxpayers!"  The mosquitoes fall silent for a brief moment. "My God, you're right. We didn't think about the economy! Very well, we will not attack this dimension. FOR THE TAXPAYERS!" and with that, they vanish.  A nearby barfly stumbles over to the bartender. "How did you know that that would work?"  "It's simple really" the bartender says. "I saw that the vectors formed a gradient, and therefore must be conservative."
Two peanuts walk into a bar... And one was a salted.
A fart walks into a bar He gets inside and says "this place stinks"
A man walks into a tavern and sees a lawyer... ... the lawyer is stealing a wallet from the back pocket of an 8 foot tall tavern customer.  Outraged, the man thrusts himself between the lawyer and his victim, stopping the crime.  The tavern owner, hearing the commotion, mistakenly grabs the good samaritan and throws him out of the tavern.  In Summary:  He was disbarred for breaching attorney-giant pillage.
A Gestapo walks into a bar I‘m kidding, he bashed the door in.
A German man, an Englishman, and a Belgian man walk into a bar After a couple of drinks, the German man says: 'My wife is SO stupid. She bought a bike, while she can't even ride it!' The Englishman replied: 'Well, my wife is even more stupid: she bought a pool and can't even swim!' The Belgian man laughes and says: 'That's nothing, my wife couldn't be more stupid: she is going to Ibiza for two weeks. She's bringing twenty condoms, and she doesn't even have a dick!'
Two priests and a whale walk into subway The first priest orders a turkey on italian, and also asks for some red wine. The worker says, "well we don't serve wine here, but since you're a priest I'll go run and get some for you." So he runs to the liquor store across the street to go buy some wine.  The second priest orders a meatball sub, and he also asks for some red wine. The worker says, "well we don't serve wine, but since I got the other priest some, I'll go run and get you some." So he runs across the street again to the liquor store.  Then the whale walks up to the counter and says, "Waoooaoooooaaooo."
Two guys walk into a bar The third one says get some original jokes
A dwarf with a frog on the head walks into a bar... The barkeeper asks: "That looks funny, what happened to you?"   The frog replies: "I don't know, I must have stepped into something."
An atom walks into a bar He said I think I lost an electron on the way in.  The bartender asked if he's sure.  He said Ion positive. 
A man walks into his Doctor's appointment and complains of a stomach ache. "Is it bad? How long have you had it?" asks the doctor.  "It hurts a lot, and I've had it about a week now. I've tried my usual remedies, but nothing has worked."  "Alright," the doctor replies, "We'll run some tests then and I'll call you in a few days to come back once the results are ready."  They run the tests and wrap up the appointment, the man leaves, and a few days go by. He receives the call that the test results came back, and he heads back into the doctor's office that afternoon to talk about them.  When he arrives, his doctor greets him, and immediately advises him, "Look... you're gonna want to sit down. It's bad. Things are not gonna be easy from here on out."  The man asks, "What, do I have intestinal cancer or something?"  The doctor's jaw drops. "How did you know?!" He was completely astonished.  "Eh, I just had a gut feeling."
A woman walks into IBM and asks to see their best computer “Here’s the Watson”, says the salesman, “You can ask it any question and it will give you the right answer.   The woman decides to test it out.   “Where’s my father?” She asks Watson  “You’re father is fishing in the coast of Florida” comes the reply.   The woman laughs and tells the salesman, “You probably should get your facts right. My father died 10 years ago.”   Puzzled, the salesman tells her, “Why don’t you rephrase your question”.   “Where’s the man that married my mother?” She asks.   “He died 10 years ago” replies Watson “But your father is still fishing in the coast of Florida”. 
A guy walks into a salon for a shave. The barber hands him a rubber ball to hold between his jaws while he smoothly shaves around his jawline. Guy: thats a neat idea! but what if I accidentally swallow this ball?   Barber without raising an eyebrow: "Just bring it back tomorrow."
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender goes: "Oh shit, horse! A horse!" He calls 911.   The patrons start freaking out: screaming, scrambling to escape. Drinks fall off tables. Glasses shatter.  The *horse* starts freaking out: knocking over tables, rearing, neighing, kicking like crazy.  One patron takes a hoof to the face. He blacks out.  He wakes up in the hospital. Groggy from painkillers, he realizes his face is covered in bandages. The doctor informs him that it's been ruined beyond repair; he'll need a full face transplant.  Weeks on a waiting list turn into months, but in time, he can finally get the transplant. The surgery is successful, but he has years of healing ahead of him.  Years pass, and he makes a full recovery. He starts resuming life: returning to work, getting back out doors, socializing.  One day, he's walking around town and happens to come across that same bar where that awful accident happened years ago, nearly killing him, derailing his life. The damage from the horse had been fixed years ago, but he can see through the window that the same bartender still works there.  He walks into the bar.  The bartender asks: "Why the wrong face?"
A man walks into a bar... He orders a drink and has a hell of a time.
Ayn Rand, Rand Paul, and Paul Ryan Walk Into a Bar They have a few drinks and then die from methanol poisoning due to a lack of government regulation.
3 Men walk into a strip club, An American, An Arab and An Asian, The American wanted to show off his wealth, so he took out a wad of cash and slapped the right buttcheek of the stripper.   The Arab not wanting to lose in a battle of wealth, took out a bigger wad of cash and slapped the left buttcheek of the stripper.  They both then stared at the Asian man, who proceeded to take a credit card and swipe it down the middle....
Two Nazi's walk into a BAR They die...
The past, present and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
A turtle walks into a restaurant and orders a soup. "Sorry," says the waiter, "we don't serve a turtle soup here."
So a ham walks into a bar And immediately sits down at the bar and orders a sandwich The bartender looks over and says “Sorry, we don’t serve food here.”
A Woman Walks Into a Tattoo Parlor... ...and says to the artist, "I'd like a tattoo of Johnny Cash on the inside of my left thigh, and a tattoo of Hank Williams on the inside of my right thigh."     She sits in the chair and the artist goes to work.  When he's finished, he shows her the results with a mirror, but the woman is unimpressed.  "That doesn't look a thing like Johnny Cash and Hank Williams!" she complains.     The tattoo artist, defending his work, suggests an outside opinion might help settle the matter.  He goes out onto the sidewalk and comes back with an old wino.  He stands the wino in front of the woman's spread legs and says, "Who are those men?"  The wino takes a long look, scratches his chin, and says, "I don't recognize either of those fellers on the left and right, but the one in the middle is definitely Willie Nelson."
You walk into a store. The owner holds a gun to you and says buy this or I'll put you in a cage. Welcome to the government
A priest and a vampire walk into a bar. The priest asks the vampire "Do you pray?"  The vampire replies "Yes, but I spell it differently."
A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads: Cheese Sandwich: $1.50 Chicken Sandwich: $2.50 Hand Job: $10.00 He checks his wallet and beckons to the sexy bartender. She slinks over and leans over the bar, revealing her ample cleavage. "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" he asks. "Yes," she purrs. "I am." "Well, wash your fuckin' hands," says the man. "I want a cheese sandwich."
Three ducks walk into a bar (NSFW) Three ducks walk into a bar and order 3 beers. When the 1st duck gets his beer he tells the bartender, "Thanks man, my name is Huey." The bartender says "Nice to meet you Huey! How's your day been?" Huey replies "Man! I have had the best day ever... I have been in and out of puddles all day long. Couldn't ask for a better day!" The bartender congratulates Huey on having such a magnificent day and then turns to the 2nd duck and hands him his beer. When the 2nd duck gets his beer he tells the bartender, "Thanks man, my name is Dewey." The bartender says "Nice to meet you Dewey! How's your day been?" Dewey replies "Man! I can't remember the last time I had such a wonderful day! I have been in and out of puddles all day long. I will remember this day forever!" The bartender congratulates Dewey on having such a magnificent day and then turns to the 3rd duck and hands him his beer. The bartender says "Let me guess...your friend's names are Huey and Dewey, so you must be Louie" The 3rd duck glares at the bartender and says "No, you asshole. My name is Puddles and DON'T ask me how my f**king day has been!"
A limping dog walks into a bar... The bartender asks, "What can I get for you?" The dog says, "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."
Three recovering gambling addicts walk into a bar. What are the odds?
A limbo player walks into a bar. He loses.
A guy walks into a pub and sees a sign hanging over the bar which reads.... "Cheese Sandwich: $1.50; Chicken Sandwich: $2.50; Hand Job: $10.00." Checking his wallet for the necessary payment, he walks up to the bar and beckons to one of the three exceptionally attractive blondes serving drinks to an eager-looking group of men. "Yes?" she enquires with a knowing smile, "Can I help you?" "I was wondering," whispers the man, "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" "Yes," she purrs, "I am." The man replies, "Well, go wash your hands, I want a cheese sandwich!"
A lady walks into a bar. A lady walks into a bar and orders two whiskeys. She downs the drink, chats with the barkeep, dances for a bit and leaves.  The next weekend, she returns and orders four whiskeys, pounds them down and chats up the barkeep again, taking him home at the end of the night and promising to come see him next week.  On the following weekend, she enters the bar and the barkeep knowingly stops her order "I know exactly what you want. Six drinks coming right up". The woman shakes her head and points to her stomach; "Make it seven hon, I'm drinkin' for two".
A software testing engineer walks into a bar. and he orders a beer, Orders 0 beer, orders 32769 beers, orders 99999999 beers, orders a lizard, orders -1 beers, orders gksbfkagfiau.
A man walks into a bar... (kinda long) A man walks into a bar and orders his first drink, about 5 minutes later he calls the bartender down.   He tells the bartender "I bet you $200 I can bite my eyeball." The bartender quickly agrees as he sees this as easy money. The man then pops out his glass eye and bites it.   "Damn it that's not fair!" the bartender exclaims.  "Ok" says the man, "I'll give you a chance to make your money back. I'll bet you another 200 I can bite my ear." The bartender carefully looks at both of his ears, and they are both very real. He agrees to the bet but is dismayed when the man takes out his dentures and bites his own ear.   "You've got to be kidding me! Give me one more chance to make my money back!"  "Alright" says the man, "but give me a couple minutes and I'll be back with your chance." The man looks around and then walks over and starts talking to a guy in a suit. They have a few laughs and then shake hands, and the man walks back down to the bartender.   "Ok, I'll bet you 400 dollars that I can pee into a pint glass 8 feet away on the bar and not spill a drop." The bartender takes a moment to think about it, making sure there's no way to cheat into winning the bet, and finally he agrees. The man hops up on the bar, the bartender sets up the glass 8 feet away and quickly steps back. The man starts pissing everywhere, not even coming close to the pint glass. The bartender cracks a smile, happy he no longer owes the man any money. He looks over at the guy in the suit, who is furious and is covering his face with his hands.  "Why is he so mad?" Asked the bartender.  Smiling, the man says "I just bet him $3000 I could piss all over the bar and you would just stand there and smile."
A programmer walks into a bar Wait, do programmers have enough time to go to a bar?
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar It was very tense
A neutron walks into a bar.. A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink.   When the neutron gets his drink, he asks, "Bartender, how much do I owe you?"  The bartender replies, "For you, neutron, no charge."
a russian, an american, and a canadian walk into a bar a russian, an american, and a canadian walk into a bar      bartender says: i will give you drinks for free, but only if you answer what's 2+2      russian says: it's clearly 4      canadian says: it's clearly 4      american says: I dont know, I'm retarded brainwashed fucking faggot son of whore white male I wish mom aborted me so there was one less american white male in this world retarded whoreson      bartender pulls out a shotgun and shoots dumb american in face  
An Englishman, Irishman and Scotsman walk into a bar... An Englishman, Irishman and Scotsman walk into a bar, the Welshman is not there because they're still in the euro's.
A Scotsman walks into a bar.. Normally there is a Welshman, Irishman and Englishman, but they're all in Marseille at the Euro's.
So a limbo champion walks into a bar and loses his title
A prostitute walks into a bar A prostitute walks into a bar and asks the bar tender for a toothpick. The bartender says "we don't serve your kind here, please leave". The prostitute replied, "if you give me a toothpick I will leave". The bartender gave her a toothpick and she left. # A second prostitute walks into the same bar and also asks the bar tender for a toothpick. The bartender says "we don't serve your kind here, please leave". The prostitute replied, "if you give me a toothpick I will leave". The bartender gave her a toothpick and she left. # A third prostitute entered the bar and before she could speak the bartender asked her "let me guess, you want a toothpick?" She responded by saying, "No, I want a straw". As the bartender was about to hand the prostitute a straw he asked her why she wanted a straw. The third prostitute replied by saying: # "Someone threw up outside but a couple of girls beat me to the best bits"
A Rabbi, a Canadian, and a New Yorker walk into a bar Just kidding the Rabbi was actually a terrorist and they all died in the explosion!
A man walks into a bar for the first time He sees an old blind pianist in the corner with a small monkey on his shoulder.  He thinks to himself "This place seems nice" , and he orders a pint of beer.  He's looking round admiring the decor when suddenly the blind pianists monkey runs over, and dips his balls in the pint of beer and then runs off.  Disgusted , he asks the barman to get rid of the glass and bring him another one.  Again he gets distracted for a minute. He looks down and the monkey is dipping his balls in the pint of beer.  He shoos away the monkey and says "Right. Time to sort this out"  He storms over to the blinds pianist and says "Do you know your monkey has been dipping his balls in my pint of beer "  The pianist says "No. But if you hum it I'll play along"
An older man walks into a bar wearing a stovepipe hat, a waistcoat and a phony beard. He sits down at a bar and orders a drink. As the bartender sets it down, he asks, "Going to a party?"  "Yeah, a costume party," the man answers, "I'm supposed to come dressed as my love life."  "But you look like Abe Lincoln," protests the bartender.  "That's right. My last four scores were seven years ago."
A pirate walks into a bar with a ship's wheel hanging from his crotch... The bartender asks, "What's that hangin' off ye?"      The pirate responds, "arrr! I've no idea, but it's drivin' me nuts!"
Man walks into the doctor’s office and says, “Doctor my arm really hurts when I raise it up over my head The doctor replied, “Then don’t raise it over your head.” ....... HeeHaw!
A snail walks into a bar and the bartender says, "We don't serve your kind here!" and then throws him out...  So the snail comes back to the bar a few days later and says, "Well what was that for?"
A man walks into a bar and notices his friend sitting alone staring at a tiny man on the table playing the piano.  "Wow, look how small he is, where did you get him?!" Says the man.   "Oh, well there's this genie round the back of bar, and he grants you whatever wish you want."   Sure enough, the man goes round the back of the bar and there sits a genie.   "You grant wishes right?" "Yes." replies the genie.  "Hmm, I'd like a million bucks." Then, out of nowhere, a million ducks appear, and waddle behind the annoyed man as he goes back into the bar.   "Look, that genie gave me ducks instead of bucks!" His friends sitting at the table replies, "Well yeah, do you really think I asked for a twelve inch pianist?"
A man walks into a shop... He sees three brains sitting on the table a regular brain, a republican brain and a liberal brain.   Buyer: how much is each brain?   The seller: the regular brain is 200 dollars the republican brain is 300 dollars   But this here the liberal brain is 15,000 dollars.   Buyer: Oh Lord why is the liberal brain so expensive?   Seller: well it’s never been used before! 
A man walks into a bar He promptly orders 12 shots and starts to drink them as fast as he can "geez bud why are you drinking so fast?" Asked the bartender "if you had what I had you'd be drinking fast too" the man replied "well what do you have?" asked the bartender the man finished his last drink before saying " 75 cents"
Two vampires walk into a bar Two vampires sit down at a bar. The first vampire orders a glass of blood but the second one just asks for a cup of hot water.   The first vampire is surprised by this and remarks "Just water? Are you feeling alright?"  The second vampire waves him off and pulls a dripping tampon from his coat pocket "Yes yes I'm just in the mood for some tea!"
A man walks into a bar and request a drink the man takes a seat and request a single beer  "that will be $5.59 sir" the bartender informs the man  the man quickly hands over the money and waits for his drink  soon after the bartender hands him his drink  after about a minute the man request a second beer  "that will be $11.18 sir" the bartender informs the man  "wait wasn't the last one $5.59" the man returns  "well if you don't want the drink I will gladly enjoy it" the bartender replies  "fine just get the drink" the man states begrudgingly handing the money over  after about 2 minutes he finishes the drink and request a 3rd from the bartender to see if the price is increased again  "I will take another beer sir" the man informs the bartender  "sure that will be $33.34" the bartender states grabbing another bottle  "wait did you triple the price" the man asks  "The intent is to provide patrons with a sense of pride and accomplishment for purchasing more drinks. As for cost, we selected initial values based upon data from prior patrons and other adjustments made to milestone rewards before serving. Among other things, we're looking at average per patron rates on a daily basis, and we'll be making constant adjustments to ensure that patrons have drinks that are compelling, rewarding, and of course attainable via happy hour." the bartender responds  the man walks out of the bar to see it's sign  "EA drinks"
A woman walks into a doctor's office "Doc, I have a real problem. I fart all the time! Just constantly. But what's weird is, all my farts are silent, and don't smell at all. I've farted five times since I've sat down in here and you haven't noticed! Can you help me at all?"  The doctor gives the woman some medication, and the next day she storms in, yelling about maltreatment.   "What have you done! I fart just as much as I did before, but now they smell awful!"  The doctor smiles and replies, "Ah, so the medication made you smell again! Let's see if we can fix that hearing of yours, now?
Yu Darvish walks into a Los Angeles bar... The two bartenders see Yu and begin wiping down two separate spots for him to sit. Yu chooses a seat off to the side. When the bartenders return to the bar, they compete to exchange greetings with Yu and ask him what he’ll have to drink.   Before he can order, irate Dodgers fans interrupt and demand to know why they’re serving the man who lost the Dodgers the World Series.  The bartenders look one another in the eye, look back to the fans, and in unison say:  “He’s a great tipper.”
A fat British man walks into a store... ... He sees a box of pills labeled "Lose 50 Pounds Instantly, if it doesn't work we'll give you your money back!". Excited and with nothing to lose, the man promptly purchases the pills and gobbles them down on the spot, but to not effect. Angrily, he tells the cashier it didn't work and he wants his money back. The cashier replies "Yes it did, you have the receipt as proof."
So a group of Nazis walk into a bar.... They each take a few shots from the bar. After the last round, they stumbled into the ground.  And that’s how I got this medal.  (Heard this from a WWII vet)
A man walks into a bar. A man walks into a bar, saunters up to the bar and takes a seat. He orders two pints of Guinness, drinks them both, and leaves.  Every day for a month this goes on. Finally, curiosity wins and the bartender asks the man about this ritual.  "I have a brother, and every day at this time we'd meet for a beer. Well, he had to move back home to Ireland. But we decided to keep up the tradition. So I have one beer for me, and one for him."  After another month, the man came in and ordered only one beer. The bartender was surprised, and asked the man if his brother was OK, since he only ordered only the one beer.  "Oh, sure. He's just fine. But you see, I had to quit drinking for health reasons."  Confused, the bartender asked why he had the beer if he quit drinking.  The man replied, "I quit drinking. But my brother didn't!" 
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar, sits himself down, and orders a beer. The bartender hands it to him, and goes to help someone else. The man drinks some of his beer, looking around to see if there's a TV anywhere to see the game, when suddenly he catches a glimpse of a man with a huge, orange head. He waits for the bartender to walk by, and he goes, "What's the deal with the guy with the big orange head?" The bartender replies, "If you buy him a drink he'll tell you his story." So the man walks over to the guy with the big orange head and says hello. Orange head inturrupts him. "I know why you're talking to me. I'll tell you why, just buy me a drink. Any IPA will do." So the man buys him his beer and sits down in the stool next to orange head. "it all began many years ago when my wife divorced me..."  "I was in a slump. I was depressed, I wouldn't help myself, and the only reason I would get out of bed was that my bank account was running dry, and I needed work. One day, my best friend Mike noticed that I wasn't myself. I tried to be the usual fun and rowdy me when we went out, but my spirit just... wasn't there. I'm probably shit at poker, because I can't conceal my emotions at all. Anyway, back to Mike. I respect the man, but he's a trust fund baby. Never has to work a day in his life. He's incredibly rich, and to be honest I'm jealous. He  used this money on some dumb things, but that day he offered to take me on an "anti-depressing weekend." He got some tickets to a cruise, and told me to pack my bags. I met him there, and we hopped on board the giant boat. I never thought I'd get on one of these, but hey, I'm not me right now. Why not. The first day we swam, played games, and got wasted. It was, dare I say, fun. That night, there was an incredible lightning storm. We were advised to go into the cabins and just hunker down, but I didn't want to. I love a good storm, so I sat alone on the deck watching the storm and getting drenched. Then, disaster. Lightning struck the deck. I got thrown off into the water, and I passed out holding onto some wood. Then, I woke up. I was on a tropical island, like the one in the movie "castaway." I searched for any people, food, or water when suddenly I found an old looking water bottle. I picked it up, opened the top, and out popped a genie. Yes, a genie. He said to me in this booming voice, " You have freed me from my jail. I will grant you three and only three wishes. You can't wish for more, that's not how it works. So when you decide on the three, return to me." I thought about it for a while, and I decided to wish for great wealth. It was my time to be as rich as Mike. I returned to the genie and asked for great riches. He snapped his fingers and instantly my tattered rags turned into a blazer, with the pockets full of cash. I didn't wanna waste my next wish, so I didn't use it just yet. Eventually, Mike had me tracked down and I returned home. I contemplated what my next wish would be, and after a couple months I knew what I needed. I bought a speedboat, and returned to that island. I met the genie there, and wished for the most beautiful woman in the world to be my wife. Instantly, out of the ocean walked the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. I popped a ring out of my pocket, and proposed then and there. We got married, and after a couple years had kids. I didn't know what I wanted for a wish after that. I had all I needed! Hot, smart wife, beautiful children, and all the money my family would need for generations. I thought about it for years when one day it hit me. I needed one more thing in my life. I returned to the island for the final time. I went up to the genie and demanded my third wish..." The orange headed man paused in suspence. "Now here's where I went wrong. I wished for a big orange head."
Guys walks into the bar and asks the bartender for a drink. Then he asks for another. After a couple of more drinks, the bartender gets worried. Bartender  -  What's the matter.  Guy  -  My wife and I got into an argument, she said she won't be with me for a month.  Guy finishes his drink and says  -  Today is the last day 
Asian guy walks into a bar He sits down at the the bar and start drinking a beer. The guy next to him ask: you know kung fu or karate or any or this shit? The asian guy replies: why you ask this, is because I chinese? The other guy replies no it’s because you’re drinking my fucking beer. 
Two Chemistry Students walk into a bar Both giggling like idiots.  First one says "I'll have some H20".  Both laugh until they start to cry.  Second one says "That sounds good.  I'll have some H20 too!"  Both laugh until they just about pee themselves. ... The second one died.
Past, Present, and future all walk into a bar. It was tense.
Two Chinese guys walk into a bar. Bartender asks: 'Why the same face?' 
Asian guy walks into a bar. He sits down and starts drinking a beer. The guy next to him turns around and asks him “You must know some kind of karate or Kung fu or whatever, right?” The Asian guy, deeply offended, responds, “What, because I’m Asian?” The guy replies “No, because you’re drinking my fucking beer”.
An Asian guy walks into a bar He sits down at the the bar opens his phone paying no attention to his surroundings and starts drinking a beer.  The guy next to him asks "Do you know any kind of martial arts?" The Asian guy replies "Why are you asking this, is it because I'm Chinese and drinking your beer?" The other guy replies "no it’s because you're reposting my fucking joke."
A guy walks into a bar with carrots in his ears So a guy walks into a bar with carrots in his ears, he takes a seat at the bar, the bartender then notices the carrots in the man's ears. The bartender walks over to the man and asks, "Why do you have carrots in your ears?"  To which the man replies, "Sorry, I can't hear you I have carrots in my ears."
A man walks into a bar... “Ow!”
A ghost walks into a bar The bartenders says, "whose there?"
White guy walks into a bar Immediately gets stopped. He asks "why? Is it because I inbreeded with my sister, wiped out most of the white rhino population, enslaved an entire race, routinely engage in school shootings, touch little children..and then blamed every other culture?"  barkeep replies: No. we are closed...awkward.  
Polish guy walks into a bar Polish guy walks into a bar. He sits down at the the bar and start drinking a beer. The guy next to him ask: you know kung fu or karate or any or this shit? The polish guy replies: why you ask this, is because I polish? The other guy replies no it’s because you’re drinking my fucking beer.
A muscular man walks into a bar A muscular man called Roy walks into a bar.  People around notice him and feel intimidated and are whispering to each other.   Roys walks to the bartender... sits down... takes a  deep breath...   "*I'd like a beer*" the man says in a high pitched voice... at first silence... then everyone around starts laughing their ass off, pointing fingers at him and mocking him...  Roy drinks his beer in a hurry and walks out ashamed and angry...  The next day he goes to a doctor and asks for a way to fix his high pitched voice.  The doctor promptly responds and shows him a cucumber...  "Here take this and stick it up your ass every day for 3 days"  Roy is baffled at first... but takes the offer and follows it through to the end...  After those 3 days he goes to the bar again... Walks proudly towards the bartender all the while people around who remembered him from last time start grinning about to burst in laughter...  Roy sits down, takes a deep breath...   "**I'd like a beer**" he says with a deep, booming, almost threatening, voice and everyone shuts up and their smiles are erased...  Roy drinks his beer in peace and walks out the bar happy and proud.  The next day, with the feel of confidence from yesterday he goes to the bar again accompanied by a friend... both of them muscular and quite threatening... People around notice him not even attempting to make eye contact let alone laugh...   Roy walks to the bar about to ask for a beer...  "*I'd like a beer*" he says with a high pitched voice again... (the effects of the cucumber obviously died out at the worst possible moment) and everyone bursts out laughing at his face, even his friend who couldn't hold his laugh.  Immediately Roy calls his wife at home, before she says anything, he asks her...  *Do you know where the cucumber the doctor prescribed me is?*  **How the hell I am I supposed to know where your cucumber is?**, his wife says with a deep, booming voice. 
A blind man walks into a bar... A blind man walks into a bar...     Rosanne says "Hey! Watch where you're walking!
Cowboy walks into a saloon and stands next to a gay gent On the hottest day of the year a big cowboy enters a saloon and stands next to a gay man at the bar.  The barkeep asks what he'll have?  "Gimme whatever you have on draught. I'm so thirsty I could lick the sweat off a bull's balls right now!"  The gay guy next to him then began to moo...
A Chinese man walks into a bar A Chinese man walks into a bar, sits down, and starts drinking a beer.  The guy next to him asks "do you know kung fu, karate, or any other martial art?"  The Chinese man replies "why you ask dis, is because I Asian?"  The guy replies "no, it’s because you’re drinking my fucking beer". 
A blind guy walks into a bar And then a table.   Then a chair.
An inventor and a man walk into a room. An inventor and a man walk into a room. The inventor says: “Theses are my prized inventions. This one is my favorite creation.” “Oh cool. What does it do?” says the man. “It splits the things in two. I call them... Scissors.” “And what are those over there?” “Oh those? They were the prototypes, they didn’t make the cut.”
A man walks into a tattoo parlor... And asks for a $100 bill to be tattoed on his penis.  Curious, the tattoo artist asks him why he wanted a $100 bill tattoed on his penis.  The man replies, "Three reasons-  * I want to play with my money  * I want to watch my money grow  * The only thing my wife blows nowadays is a 100 dollars"
[OC] A bull walks into a bar and orders a beer. The barman says, "We don't serve cows here."  The bull replies, "Well, it's a good job I didn't order a fucking burger, then."
A skeleton walks into a bar... He orders a Drink and a Mop.
So a guy walks into a bar and orders a pint of less. The bartender asks, "What's less?" The guy says "I don't know but the doctor told me I have to start drinking it."
After completing a celebrity pro-am golf tournament, Jackie Chan walks into the clubhouse bar... As he makes his way through the crowd of professional golfers and lesser celebrities, he mentions to his playing partner, Phil Mickelson, that he makes a point of playing as many pro-ams as he can throughout the year because “it gives him a chance to network with other celebrities.”  At that very moment, he spots Andy Samberg double fisting a bourbon and beer near the bar.   Excusing himself from Mickelson, he explains that he has an action-comedy script he’s been shopping around to Hollywood studios that he thinks Samberg would be absolutely perfect for.   Chan makes his way over to the usually genial Samberg and introduces himself.  Unbeknownst to him, however, Samberg is in no mood for polite conversation, let alone networking.  In fact, he’s spent the last hour in the bar pounding drinks and brooding over his poor performance: a dismal 17 shots over par.   Believing that the new movie idea could be his biggest hit since Rush Hour, Chan persists and starts to give his elevator pitch.   Before Chan can finish his first sentence, Samberg interrupts by punching him in the face and drunkenly slurring something about payback for Pearl Harbor.   Astonished, Chan yells, “You ignorant fool! That was Japan. I’m Chinese!”  Still slurring, and now swaying to and fro, Samberg mutters, “Chinese, Vietnamese, Japanese...what’s the difference?”  To that, Chan delivers a swift and decisive blow across Samberg’s face which knocks him to the floor.  Hardly remembering the events that led to his unfortunate situation, Samberg sheepishly groans, “what was that for?”  Uncharacteristically, Chan booms, “THAT WAS FOR THE TITANIC!”  “C’mon man! The Titanic? That was an iceberg!”   Smiling, Chan shrugs and replies, “Samberg, Goldberg, iceberg...what’s the difference?”    
A White horse walks into a bar.  The barman remarks "Did you know there's a drink named after you?"  The horse replies "Kevin ?"
A man walks into a bookstore at 3.00 a.m. [Long] He walks around and sees a particular notebook behind a counter that's locked in a glass box.   He asks the cashier what book that is and the cashier says he does not know and needs to get confirmation from the manager. The man asks him to do so.  Moments later, a tall, slender man with pale skin walks up to him claiming to be the manager. He tells the man that the book is actually a sacred relic which was uncovered during an expedition of some old ruins. The manager says that the book is priced at $1000 as to purposely ward of potential buyers.   The man insistently wants to buy the book although the manager warns him otherwise. At last, the manager agrees to sell him the book, but he warns the man of a curse that will befall him if the last page of the book were to ever be opened.   The man agrees and pays the $1000 then leaves with the book.   When he got home, he decides to leave the book opened on the table of his apartment while he goes and washes up. When he is done, he sees the pages of the book turning towards the end at a fast speed, it was at that point that he realised he forgot to close the windows.   He rushed over to the book in an attempt to close it but it was too late. When the book flipped to the last page, he saw a sight that shocked him to near death  "Fixed price: $3" 
A man walks into a bookstore at 3.00 a.m. [Long] He walks around and sees a particular notebook behind a counter that's locked in a glass box.   He asks the cashier what book that is and the cashier says he does not know and needs to get confirmation from the manager. The man asks him to do so.  Moments later, a tall, slender man with pale skin walks up to him claiming to be the manager. He tells the man that the book is actually a sacred relic which was uncovered during an expedition of some old ruins. The manager says that the book is priced at $1000 as to purposely ward of potential buyers.   The man insistently wants to buy the book although the manager warns him otherwise. At last, the manager agrees to sell him the book, but he warns the man of a curse that will befall him if the last page of the book were to ever be opened.   The man agrees and pays the $1000 then leaves with the book.   When he got home, he decides to leave the book opened on the table of his apartment while he goes and washes up. When he is done, he sees the pages of the book turning towards the end at a fast speed, it was at that point that he realised he forgot to close the windows.   He rushed over to the book in an attempt to close it but it was too late. When the book flipped to the last page, he saw a sight that shocked him to near death  "Fixed price: $3" 
A Rabbi walks into a bar with a frog on his shoulder... The bartender asks, “Hey buddy, where did you get that?” The frog responds, “Brooklyn, they’re all over the place!”
A super-villain walks into a bar. The bartender says “we don’t serve your kind here” The super-villain is baffled by this and asks “why not?” And the bartender says “ because you never turn the super bill in
A man walks into a brothel with a honeycomb and a jackass. Madame: What can we do for you?  Man: I need a woman to lay with, for mine has left me. Madame: Whatever for? And what's with the honeycomb and the mule?   Man: My woman found a genie in a bottle, and he granted her three wishes. The first was for a house fit for a queen, so he gave her this damn honeycomb. The second wish was that she have the nicest ass in all the land, so he gave her this damn donkey...  Madame: And what about the third wish?  Man: Well... she asked the genie to make my cock hang down past my knee.  Madame: Well that one's not so bad eh?  Man: Not so bad!? I used to be six foot three!
A Texan walks into an Irish pub... and clears his voice to the crowd of drinkers. He says, "I hear you Irish are a bunch of hard drinkers. I'll give $500 American dollars to anybody in here who can drink 10 pints of Guinness back-to-back."  The room is quiet and no one takes up the Texan's offer. One man even leaves. Ten minutes later the same gentleman who left shows back up and taps the Texan on the shoulder. "Is your bet still good?", asks the Irishman.  The Texan says yes and asks the bartender to line up 10 pints of Guinness. Immediately the Irishman tears into all 10 of the pint glasses drinking them all back-to-back. The other pub patrons cheer as the Texan sits in amazement.  The Texan gives the Irishman the $500 and says, "If ya don't mind me askin', where did you go for that 10 minutes you were gone?"  The Irishman replies, "Oh...I had to go to the pub down the street to see if I could do it first".
The set of natural numbers, the set of rational numbers, and the set of integers walk into a bar Before long, they've had their fill and start causing drunken havoc, disturbing all the patrons. The bartender intends to get to the bottom of this matter. Reasoning that a mathematician would be able to help, he calls Bertrand Russell.  "Hey, I've got three sets in my bar and they're acting pretty raucous. You think you can help me calm them down?"  "I'm sorry," Russell replies. "Sets cannot contain themselves."
Two scientists walk into a bar. "I'll have H2O," says the first.  "I'll have H2O, too," says the second.  The bartender gives them both water because he is able to distinguish the boundary tones that dictate the grammatical function of homonyms in coda position, as well as pragmatic context.
A dsylexic man tries to walk into a bra. But the two customers in there are so big that he can't enter. The only time he can enter is when it's closed, so he never get's drinks. He tried to enter any way he can, through the door, the window, even stretching it to try to rip it, but it was all no good. But he met another guy named meki, meki told him that he was too impatient and needed to wait for a long time. Our dyslexic hero decided to wait, and wait, and wait. After time passed a bit, he got a job, did work, got money, had kids, and even got multiple friends, until he was 45 years old. At this point, the two customers were old and saggy, meaning there was room for him, and he was finally able to get a drink.  But he couldn't afford one because of inflation.
A blind, deaf man walks into a bar. As he's bumping into it, he gestures "I'm sorry" and moves along, which is a shame, because had he not been deaf he would have probably heard what the Arab, the Englishman and the German were arguing about. 
A man walks into a bar...... A man walks in to a bar with a box under his arm and says to the barman “if I can show something you have never seen before will you give me a free drink?”  Now the barman has seen mostly everything in his time and says “sure , Impress me and hell, I’ll give you a free tab for the eve!”  So the man puts down the box and opens it and then he pulls a small piano out of it and places it on the bar and then a little man as well.  The little man walks up to the piano and starts playing !  The barman was blown away by this and agrees to the drinks and asks”where did you find him?”  “Well “says the man, “I found this magic lamp”Goes back in to the box and pulls out this old brass oil lamp.  “I rubbed it and a genie appeared and granted me one wish and then he said I must pass the lamp on to the next person that did me a kindness”  “Wow” says the barman.  The man then says “as you gave me a drink I’m going to let you have the lamp”  “Be careful what you wish for tho”  So the barman rubs the lamp and then makes his wish………  Next thing the bar has ducks everywhere!!! Crapping on the bar and the floor and all over the customers!!!!!  The barman shouts at the man saying,” I wished for a million Bucks! not a million ducks!“  To this the man replies, ” And you think that I wished for a 12 inch Pianist?! “  
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a cider.  The bartender then hops over the bar, drops the man's pants and starts giving him a blowjob.   At this point, another man walks into the bar. "What the fuck are you doing?!"  The bartender turns "What? He said he wanted a *Strongbow*."
An Irishman, a Scotsman, and a Welshman walk into a bar. Whilst all the Englishmen went to the World Cup.
A blind man walks into the bar And the chair,the bar stool ,and the hot chick that was on the dance floor.
A pirate walks into a bar, He has what appears to be a steering wheel tucked into his pants.  Another patron of the bar asks,   "why do you have that in your pants? Isn't it uncomfortable?"  The pirate responded,  "Aye, matey, it's driving me nuts!"
I guy walks into a bar and orders a beer. As he's drinking a man walks in and orders a beer next to him. The bartender replies, "here you go, Jackass."   The man finishes the first beer and ask the bartender for another, again the bartender says, "here you go Jackass."  After the man's third beer and the bartenders same reply I ask the man, "why does he keep calling you Jackass?"   The man replies "HEEAW HEEAW--ways calls me that." 
A Roman walks into a bar. A Roman walks into a bar. He holds up two fingers and says, "I'll take five beers please."
A flat tire walks into a bar and sits down. The bartender gives him a drink, “It’s on me”. The flat tire says to the bartender, “I appreciate but what’s it for?”. “You look deflated” 
A man walks into a bar...... Au!!!
A mum, dad and their son walk into a pub. After a few drinks, the dad jumps up onto a table and starts reciting quotes from Shakespeare to his wife. The wife joins in, and responds with, "Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?" Then they dramatically kiss, as the whole pub stops and watches.  The son lifts his face from his palms and says, "Please... mum, dad... you're making a scene".
A man walks into the sleaziest bar in town... "I've had a rough day," he says. "Give me 40 shots of whiskey."  "40 shots?!" the bartender responds. “That'll probably kill you!"  The man stares him down and says, "Is that a problem??"  The bartender stares at him back and says, "Only if you're planning on running a tab."
A bear walks into a bar "Sorry we don't serve bears in here" the barman says  "But I'm a big brown bear"  "Sorry we don't serve big brown bears"  Bear is angry and hits the bar with his claw "give me a beer now!"  "Sorry we don't serve bar bashing big brown bears!"  The bear picks up a barstool and smashes it against the ground "I want a beer!"  "Sorry we don't serve barstool breaking bar bashing big brown bears here"  The bear is getting angry and takes a bite from the counter "Give me a beer!"  "Sorry we dont serve drug addicts here either"  The bear is confused "I've never touched a drug in my life!!"  "What about that barbiturate"
There are 3 guys, 2 walk into a bar The third one ducked
A man walks into a pub with an alligator on a lead.. The bartender says "Hey sir, you can't bring that in here, it's dangerous! You'll have to get out."  The man says "This alligator is highly trained and tolerant, you won't have a problem with him, and I'll prove it to you!"  The bartender asks to see the proof, and the man lifts his alligator onto an empty table nearby and proceeds to take down his own trousers. The man carefully opens the jaw of the alligator and pulls out his penis, placing it into the animal's mouth. Grabbing a nearby glass bottle he smashes it over the head of the alligator, who doesn't even flinch at the impact. The man steps back and pulls his trousers back up to the astonishment of the pub.  The watching regulars applaud and cheer and the man asks "Would anyone else in here like to try that?"  A woman sat by the window shouts back "I'll do it, but don't hit me so hard with the bottle!"
What do you get when a condor, an ostrich, and an eagle walk into a bar? Three golfers lying about their game
[Long] An introvert walks into a bar. An introvert walks into a bar. Let's call him Will. Everybody is having an orgy. A girl invites Will inside of her. He starts sweating profusely but manages to bring the girl upto an orgasm. Pretty impressive right? He goes on to pleasure every single girl in the bar. Will realizes the whole bar is his to command. He realizes small talk  isn't part of having sex, and rejoices, while pleasuring another beautiful lady. Eventually all the girls go home to watch Netflix. It's just the guys now. Will ponders for a bit and decides to try up his bum today. He asks the guy with the longest shlong to pleasure him. The guy obliges. But it ain't easy to penetrate a virgin man bum. The introverted Will pushes back and the guy pushes forward, but to no avail. Disheartened Will asks the guy if they should call it a day now. But the guy shakes his head and says,  *"Don't give up. When there is a Will, there is a way".*
Sean walks into his local pub in Ireland His friends all say "Hi Sean", and Sean says "Lads, you wouldn't believe what happened to me while I was walking to the pub.   I saw a very shapely lady tied to the railroad tracks.   Well, I ran over and untied her and we made passionate love together."  One of the guys says "Sean, did you get any head?"  And Sean says, "No, I couldn't find it."
A construction worker, a businessman, and a hypochondriac walk into a bar on a hot summer day... The bartender asks the construction worker, "What can I get you?" The construction worker says, "I'm hot, I'm tired, I'm thirsty, I need a beer." The bartender serves him a beer and asks the businessman, "What can I get you?" The businessman says "I'm hot, I'm tired, I'm thirsty, I need a martini." The bartender shakes him a martini and asks the hypochondriac, who looks uneasy, "What can I get you?" The hypochondriac says, "I'm hot, I'm tired, I'm thirsty, I need a shot." "A shot of what?" the bartender asks. "Well," the hypochondriac replies "I'm hot, I'm tired, I'm thirsty,  I need a shot of insulin, what if I'm diabetic? I'm freaking out! Oh my god! Am I dying? Oh my god!"
A Vampire walks into a bank and pulls a gun out “Hands up, this is a robbery!” He declares, as he starts forcing the teller to fill a sack with cash.  One of the customers, cracking slightly under the pressure asks; “Hey, shouldn’t you be robbing a blood bank?”  The vampire turns to them and grins. “No, see, I’m cursed.” He explains.  “Cursed?”  “Yep, I can only feed on smartasses, and there’s always at least one when I pull this stunt.”
A weasel walks into a bar The bartender says "Wow, that's a first! I've never served a weasel before.. What'll ya drink?"  "Pop," goes the weasel.
Two hillbillies walk into a restaurant. While having a bite to eat, they talk about their moonshine operation. Suddenly, a woman at a nearby table, who is eating a sandwich, begins to cough.  After a minute or so, it becomes apparent that she is in real distress. One of the hillbillies looks at her and says, Kin ya swallar?'  The woman shakes her head no. Then he asks, 'Kin ya breathe?' The woman begins to turn blue, and shakes her head no.  The hillbilly walks over to the woman, lifts up her dress, yanks down her drawers, and quickly gives her right butt cheek a lick with his tongue. The woman is so shocked that she has a violent spasm, and the obstruction flies out of her mouth.As she begins to breathe again, the Hillbilly walks slowly back to his table. His partner says, 'Ya know, I'd heerd of that there 'Hind Lick Maneuver' but I ain't niver seed nobody do it!'
A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer.  "I had to get out of the house. My wife is home crying because she's having one of her 'fat days,'" the guy says. "I probably shouldn't have told her." 
A man walks into his bedroom and sees his wife packing a suitcase           He asks, “What are you doing?”       She replies, “I’m off to New York. I read that prostitutes there get paid $400 for doing what I do for you for free.”        Later, on her way out, the wife walks into the bedroom and sees her husband packing his suitcase.        “Where are you going?” she asks.       “I’m coming with you. I want to see how you live on $800 a year.”
Mike walks into a bar and the man in the bar asks if he wants a drink Mike says yes, and orders a beer. After he drinks the beer, Mike refuses to pay for it, and states that the man in the bar asked if he wanted the drink, and did not say anything about payment.  The man in the bar takes this to court and pays lots of money to try and win the case, however Mike wins it. The man in the bar is angry, and says that Mike can never enter that bar again.  2 months later, however, Mike walks into the bar again. The man in the bar screams at him to get out, however Mike looks confused and says that he has never heard of this bar before. The bar man looks confused.  “You must have a double then.” the man in the bar says.  Mike looked happy and says, “Yes, whisky please.”
A farmer walks into a bar with a horse... He says, "I will give any of you $1,000 if you can make my horse laugh."  A man yells, "I'll take that bet," and leads the horse into the men's room.  After a couple seconds, a loud braying laugh is heard from behind the door. The farmer screams to the man, "OK, I'll give you $2,000 if you can make my horse cry."  The man shouts, "You're on!"  After a few more seconds, the man exits with the horse trudging behind him with tears streaming down his long-snout. Flabbergasted, the farmer asks, "How did you do it?"  The man replies, "I said that my d**k was bigger than his and he laughed. Then I showed it to him."
A muscular man walks into the bar with a tiny ragged doll "What can I get you?" asks the bartender. “A whiskey, neat, keep it coming” orders the muscular man. One drinks after another, the bartender finally gathers the courage to ask.  "Why did you carry that tiny ragged doll around?  No offence sir, but one would normally assume it’s not yours,  since it’s a little unfitting with your- um, physique?” “It’s ok, I get that question a lot” answers the muscular man. It’s a doll of my daughter who was passing away in the house fire last year, along with my wife and this doll is the only thing that’s left of her- no, actually, the only thing is left from the house. I’ve been carrying it around ever since as a memorial to both of my daughter and my wife” Tearing up by the muscular man heartbreaking story, the bartender offers his condolences. They chat for a while until the muscular man excuses himself to the restroom and entrusts  his doll with the bartender. The bartender fears that anyone else will mistaking it for a trash,  he brings it to the back room.  The muscular man, now finishes with his business, comes back and notices that the doll is gone- he’s starting to panic and demands an explanation from the bartender. The bartender say it’s fine, he just moves it to the back room. The bartender goes into the back room but couldn’t find the doll anywhere  so he goes into the the bar owner office on the second floor to ask if he knows anything. The bar owner says he noticed the ragged doll on the shelf and has mistaken It for a trash so he threw it away to the garbage truck that coincidentally operating nearby  and he’s afraid the truck has already leave. The bartender explains everything to the bar owner. Now feeling guilty, the bar owner goes out to explain and apologise to the muscular man but after hearing the story, the muscular man broke down completely and is super angry.  He goes into the back room, grabs a sledgehammer  and starts pounding everything he sees, the counter, the chairs,  and eventually everything in the bar is destroyed. The bar owner is now shrieking in fear but still trying to reason with him. Figured the muscular man would not stop the ruckus anyway,  he utters- I throw away your prized possession and you have destroyed my precious bar for it  and that’s fair but can’t you at least leave the building alone?  You already destroy too much in my bar but the building is rental and not mine  and if you damage it, I won’t have enough to pay the fines.  I don’t deserve all of this just for a little accident.  Filed with rage, the muscular man doesn’t seem to hear anything anymore.  He continues pounding the concrete floor until every square metre break. He then moves on to the wall and starts pounding it. The first, second and third side of the wall is struck down one after another and finally he moves to the fourth side of the wall and bring it down completely. The muscular man then shaking his head, turns his face to the monitor and speaks to you “This-- whole joke sucks, don’t you think?”. 
Dave walks into a bar, goes straight for a stool, sits down, and asks for a beer. The bartender serves Dave, and the man gulps it down in seconds.   "Another," says Dave.   The bartender serves him another, and again, Dave gulps it down in seconds.   "Another," says Dave again.   The bartender serves him, but starts to worry and asks, "Do you think you should be drinking so much?"   Dave downs his third beer, wipes his mouth, and starts to slur as he says, "I haven't been laid in months, I lost my job, and I'm behind on my rent. Life has been pretty shitty for me lately, and I might get evicted if I don't manage to get another $3000 soon."   The bartender feels pretty bad for him, so he says, "Here's what. I have some things I need done, and if you can do them for me, I can pay you $3000."   "Sssurre, what are they?" Dave asks, his slurring even more noticeable.   "First, my mom hasn't had a man in the longest time. Her birthday is coming up, so I was going to hire her an escort, but they can be pretty expensive. Instead, you're going to give her the ride of life. Secondly, I've got a really mean dog with a bad tooth. I tried taking him to the dentists, but they refused to pull his tooth out because he kept trying to bite their hands off. I need you to remove his bad tooth," the bartender says.    Dave drunkenly says, "G--got it. Where are they?"   "They're in the backroom there" *the bartender points* "But are you okay to do it now? You don't look like you're in the best condition."   "Don't worry. Woman. Dog. Sex. Teeth. Got it" he says as he gives a thumbs up and then drunkenly sways into the backroom.   The bartender is a little concerned, as the dog is quite vicious, so he presses his ear against the door. A woman is heard yelling, moaning, and screaming, followed by some light sobbing. Then, a door is heard opening and a loud bark from a dog, followed by a growl. Some shuffling can be heard, followed by some grunting and whimpering. Then, footsteps are heard approaching the door, so the bartender backs away as the door opens.   Dave stumbles out, zipping up his pants. "By the way, I couldn't find your mom's bad tooth."
A guy named Jay walks into a bar ,and is immediately arrested for jaywalking.
A Man walks into a bar, looks around then sit and order a drink while drinking he looks again and say: "gays on my left, idiots on my right" then sighs and goes away  He returns the next day, looks around again, mostly the same people is present, so he sits, order a drink and sighs "gays on my left, idiots on my right", the bartender says in a low voice that he should be wary on how he act, the man looks at him then sighs and goes out of the bar  The third day the man enters the bar again, he looks around, sit, orders a drink, and while he's drinking everyone looks at him, then he says "gays on my left, idiots on my right"  From his left side, a big man stands and goes near him with a gruntled face, saying "I'm not gay" rising hin fists and ready to punch him but waiting for the man's reply, which lay down his drink and shouts "And what are you doing there? go to the other side!!!"
A Pissed Off Cowboy Walks Into a Bar A pissed off cowboy walks into the bar and slams his fist on the table.   "Who's the son-of-a-bitch that painted my horse's balls red?" he shouts.   On the other side of the bar a 6'5″ tattooed biker stands up, shaking the floor as he jumps out of his seat.  With a sudden explosion of strength he throws a table 20 feet to the other side of the bar.  "I did, country boy," he says. "You got something to say about it?"   "Well good sir," says the cowboy sheepishly, looking down at his boots.  "Just thought I'd let you know... he's ready for his second coat."
So a horse walks into a bar . . . And the bar tender says "Hey."  The horse says "Yes."
A pro Limbo Dancer walks into a bar. He is immediately disqualified from the competition.
A priest walks into a bar... ...and finds a drunk arguing with the bartender because he doesn’t have money to pay for his next drink.   The priest feels a calling to intervene. “My son, I’ll buy that whiskey for you, but you have to be willing to hear me out.”   The drunk agrees and the priest orders a double.  “I can tell you’re hurting over something,” says the priest. “Myself, I’ve faced plenty of hard times, and I’ve suffered through many trials. But listen to me and listen closely: I’ve never been able to find the answer to my problems in the bottom of a whiskey glass.”  The drunk nods his head solemnly, then throws back the whiskey and squints down at the remaining drops.  “Padre,” he says with determination, “it may take all night, but as long as you keep buying, damned if I won’t help you look.”
A man with no arms walks into a bar. About now you realize that because he cannot make a fist, that there is no punchline.
Two guys walk into a bar... The third one ducks.
A pun, a limerick, and a spoonerism walk into a bar... ... no joke.
A tall man walks into a bar... ...hits his head then dies.
Cowboy Walks Into a Bar A cowboy walks into a bar. He's wearing a brown paper hat, brown paper shirt, brown paper vest, and brown paper pants. He orders 5 shots. Bartender says, "you must be celebrating". Cowboy says, "yes, I just got out of prison." Bartender asks, "What were you in for?" Cowboy replies, "rustling".
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and meets up with his mates. They drink the night away and have a good time.
A man walks into a bar with an alligator under his arm... ...and asks, "Do you serve lawyers here?"       "Sure we do," replied the bartender.         "Good," says the man. "I'll have a beer, and give me a lawyer for my alligator."
A duck walks into a bar The bartender asks, "How are you going to pay for your beer tonight?" The duck replies, "Put it on my bill." The bartender then asks, "Where did you get the money?" The duck replies, "Selling quack."
Matt walks into a bar... He sits on the stool next to a woman and says “You look beautiful.”  .   He puts his hand on her thigh, and she replied,  “it’s not Today, Matt.”     
A man walks into a bar carrying three ducks He sets the ducks on the bar and excuses himself the the restroom.  The bartender, bored, looks at one of the ducks and says "Hey there little fella, what's your name?" To his surprise, the duck responds "My names Huey!"  The bartender then asks "Well Huey, how was your day?"  "Oh, it was pretty good, I was in and out of puddles all day."  The bartender turns to the second duck and asks "What's your name?"  "I'm Dewey!" "Oh, and how was your day?" "Pretty good, I was in and out of puddles all day!"  The bartender turns to the third duck and says "You must be Louie!" To which the third duck says "No, I'm Puddles, and dont ask me about my fucking day!"
A drunk man with a very large cock walks into a bar A patron sitting nearby with a very big chick waves and says: "Glad you could make it across the road"
A blind man walks into a bar ...two tables, a chair and then the door on his way out. 
Hydrogen walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Want a drink? Most of the good ones argon."  Hydrogen doesn't react.
Oscar Wilde walks into a bar with a large manuscript under his arm... The bartender asks, "Why the long farce?"
A dog walks into a saloon... ...and says "gimme a whiskey!" The bartender says "we don't serve dogs here." The dog looks him in the eye, says "I SAID, gimme a whiskey!!" and the bartender responds "AND I SAID, WE DON'T SERVE DOGS!", and he shoots the dog in the foot. The dog runs out yapping.  A little while later they hear the click of spurs outside the saloon. The doors swing open. The dogs walks in with a six-shooter on each hip, looks around and says "I'm lookin' for the man that shot my paw."
Two men walk into a bar. The first one says "I'll have some H2O"  The second one says "I'll have some H2O2"  The bartender brought out two glasses of water because he understood that the second guy meant too and not two.
A janitor, a waitress, and a bartender walk into a bar. Then they open for the day.
A termite walks into a bar... and asks, "where's the bar-tender?"
Guy walks into a post office  A guy goes to the Post Office to apply for a job.   The interviewer asks him "Are you allergic to anything?"  He says "Yes, just caffeine."  "Have you ever been in the service?" the interviewer asks.   "Yes," he says, "I was in Iraq for two years."  The interviewer says "That will give you 5 extra points toward employment here.", and then asks, "Are you disabled in any way?"  The guy says, "Yes... an IED exploded near me and blew my testicles clean off."   The interviewer tells the guy "O.K. In that case, I can hire you right now. Normal hours are from 8am to 4pm. You can start tomorrow at 10am, and plan on starting at 10am every day. Don't worry, we'll still pay you from 8am."  The guy is puzzled and says “If the hours are from 8am to 4pm, why don't you want me to be here before 10am?" "  “This is a government job," the interviewer says. “For the first two hours we just stand around drinking coffee and scratching our balls. No point in you coming in for that.”
A man walks into a bar with his horse He says, "I will give any of you $1,000 if you can make my horse laugh."  A man yells, "I'll take that bet," and leads the horse into the men's room.  After a couple seconds, a loud braying laugh is heard from behind the door. The farmer screams to the man, "OK, I'll give you $2,000 if you can make my horse cry."  The man shouts, "You're on!"  After a few more seconds, the man exits with the horse trudging behind him with tears streaming down his long-snout. Flabbergasted, the farmer asks, "How did you do it?"  The man replies, "I said that my dick was bigger than his and he laughed. Then I showed it to him." 
A horse walks into a bar So a horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks,”why the long face?” The horse, incapable of communicating, shits on the floor and leaves. 
A famous jazz musician walks into a bar. "What can I get you?" asks the waiter.   "Can I get a spicy genitalia of a transgender chicken?"   "Okay, Herbie Hancock."
A man walks into a bar, looking for some action. Unknown to him, his wife walks in shortly after, dressed like a hooker. The man leaves the bar without his wife.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "why the long face?" The horse stands there, staring blankly at the bartender. Everyone starts to feel a little awkward. The horse's handler comes in and leads it out, but not before it's knocked over a couple of glasses and soiled itself. Needless to say, the bar is closed for the rest of the day. Jesus walks up to the bar, but it's closed for hygiene reasons and he goes next door to a hotel. He hands the receptionist a couple of nails and says "Can you put me up for the night?" The receptionist takes a moment to understand, not speaking Aramaic, but is able to explain in mime that nails are not legal tender. After Jesus leaves disgruntledly, a duck that has been kind of harrassing the receptionist for the last few days by asking for grapes waddles in. The duck asks if the receptionist has any nails, and the receptionist finally snaps. Deciding to walk out on the most ludicrous workday of his life, receptionist goes to the bar, and is infuriated to find it closed. He jimmies open a window, not caring who sees. But two old friends across the street, a priest and a rabbi, DO see. They decide they should do something to calm this agitated man down, and follow him into the bar. The bartender, having spent all day cleaning up after the horse, sees the receptionist, the priest and the rabbi come into the bar, and stops scrubbing shit long enough to ask "Is this some kind of a joke?"
Cardi B and Bill Cosby walk into a bar... You only have a vague recollection of what happens next.
A guy walks into a restaurant to drink wine. When the waiter comes he orders a 1980 wine. The waiter goes to the kitchen, there are almost every type of wine there but can't find a 1980 wine. So he brings a glass of 1970 wine to the customer.  The customer takes a sip from the glass and he says  "This a 1970 wine, go bring me a 1980 wine." The waiter gets shocked and replies as "Sorry Sir, right away". Then he quickly goes back to the kitchen, this time he pours a 1990 wine to the glass. The customer takes a sip and this time he goes  "This is a 1990 wine, go bring me a 1980 wine as I told you to." This time waiter gets shocked and becomes a little angry. He apologizes again and goes to the kitchen. Waiter fills the glass with a mix of 1990 wine and 1970 wine and brings it to the customer. The customer takes a sip from the glass and says  "Half of this wine is 1990 wine and the other half is 1970. I told you to get me a 1980 wine." When the waiter hears this response he becomes more angry and gets back to the kitchen. He takes a new glass, pours both 1990 and 1970 wines and pees in it. The customer takes a sip from the glass and becomes silent for a few seconds. Then he says  "Half of this wine is 1990 wine and the other half is 1970. Also you have kidney stones."
Two hipsters walk into a bar The first one did it before it was cool and the second one did it ironically
This Scottish farmer walks into the neighborhood pub, and orders a whiskey. "Ye see that fence over there?" he says to the bartender. "Ah built it with me own two hands! Dug up the holes with me shovel, chopped doon the trees for the posts by me ownself, laid every last rail! But do they call me 'McGregor the Fence-Builder?' No..." He gulps down the whiskey and orders another. "Ye see that pier on the loch?" He continues, "Ah built it me ownself, too. Swam oot into the loch to lay the foondations, laid doon every single board! But do they call me 'McGregor the Pier-Builder?' No." "But ah fuck ONE sheep...."
A piece of string walks into a bar and sits next to the bartender. He asks for a drink, but the bartender says apologetically, "Sorry, we don't serve strings here."   Confused, the string leaves and goes home. A few days later, he returns to the bar, this time sitting at a different end of the bar. He asks for a drink and the bartender responds,"Hey, aren't you that string from the other day? I told you, we don't serve strings here."  Dejected, the string leaves and returns home once again. A few weeks go bye, and the string decides to try his luck one more time. He ties himself up and pulls apart the top of his string to change his appearance. He enters the bar, sits down, and orders a drink. The bartender looks long and hard and says,"You look familiar. You've definitely been around here. Aren't you that string from a while back?"  The string looks him straight in the eye and says cooly,"Nope, I'm a frayed knot."
Arial and Helvetica walk into a bar but the bartender refused to serve them. When they asked why the bartender shouted, "Get the fuck out of here, we don't serve your type."
A law student walks into the bar and orders a beer. "Um, we dont serve beer".   Slightly miffed, the law student says, "pint of cider then?"  "Yeah, we dont have any cider either".   "Well, you must at least have a glass of fucking wine?" asks the law student, infuriated.   "No sir, we don't. Now please take your seat, the bar exam starts in one minute".
A man walks into a bar and pulls a minuscule person out of his pocket They sit at one of the tables, waiting for a friend of theirs. Meanwhile, they order drinks: a whisky for the man, and a thimble of whisky for Peter, his minuscule friend.   The person they were waiting for arrives, and they start talking about the pair's last travel:   -The landscapes in Kenya are glorious, Mount Kilimanjaro is stunning, a mountain to behold.    -What about the local tribes? I have heard they are interesting.    - They truly are, with traditions from thousands of years ago. I remember that one lovely village with very wise people. What was its name, Peter? You know, the one where you told the sorcerer that witchcraft is bullshit.
An old man named Volt walks into a martial arts club. It’s gone to the new martial art called “Resi”. As he walks into the door he is greeted by a man in white robes. “Hello” the man says. “My name is Ohm.” And extended his hand out. Volt shook it. “I’m Volt.” Ohm smiled. “Volt, are you here to learn?” Volt answered, “Yes, I am.” “All right. I only have one rule here, you must learn to stand correctly before you start. Now what is your age?” “I’m 72.” “Okay, now what amount do you pay each month for your car?” Volt looked around confused. “I pay $144 a month, why?” Ohm seemed lost in thought for a second then said. “Alright, you will stand in the one-half position. Try to remember that, or if you can’t just remember that Ohm’s law states that the Resi stance is equal to Volt’s age over car rent.”
A man walks into a bar and tells the bartender "I bet $100 I can piss in that cup from across the room"... The bartender looks at him like he's nuts and says with a laugh "Oh, ok buddy. You got yourself a deal." The mans walks across the room, pulls down his zipper and pisses all over the customers, the tables, the bar, everything except the cup. The man walks back over to the bartender who says, "Hahaha alright then, pay up." The man pays him the money and turns back around laughing hysterically. So, the bartender asks, "You just lost $100. Why are you laughing?" The man turns around to the bartender, "You see that man over there? I bet him $1000 I could piss all over you and the bar and you would be happy and laughing about it."
Chair walks into a bar and looks around He sees a stool that looks to him and says “Hey there, why don’t you have a seat?”
Harry Potter walks into a bar Because it was on his bedroom window
A black man walks into a chiropractors office The chiropractor immediately rushes the man out.   “I can’t help your kind.”  “But why?” Said the man angered over the chiropractors ignorance.   “Because if black don’t crack, than I don’t think there’s anything I can do for you”
So, this one soccer player walks into a bar... Some dude touched him and now he's on the floor crying in agony.
A guy walks into a bar owned by Eminem He tells the bartender “I’ll have 2 shots of...”   The bartender cuts him off, “you only get 1 shot.”
An old pirate walks into a bar... He had the whole package: pegleg, hook for hand and an eyepatch. He gets some stares from the other guests as he takes his seat by the bar.  Eventually one of the guests dares to ask: "how did you lose your leg?" "Arr I only fell overboard one time in me whole pirate career and that's when a shark bit me leg off."  The pirate replies. The guest keeps asking on and learns that he lost his hand in a swordfight. And ofcourse finally he asks the pirate how he lost his eye. To wich the pirate replies: "A seagull shat in it." Unsurprisingly this answer was met with a blank stare and ackward silence. "Arr well" said the pirate eventually, "It was the same day I just got the hook..."
A guy walks into a church ... Father, I have sinned.  Why is that ?   I touched a women’s breasts   With or without a shirt ?   With a shirt, why ?   You fool, without the shirt the penitence would be the same  
A man walks into a barbershop He tells the barber, "Could you give me a haircut, where you cut one sideburn is longer than the other, you use the razor to make several baldspots on the front of my head, and you make clear zigzags down the back of my head?"  The barber is aghast. "That's terrible! I can't do that."  The man retorts, "But that's what you did last time!"
185 {flies} walk into a bar... The bartender says get out of here we don't serve **flies**. The flies say... &gt; that's ok we're full of your shit any way 
Tyrion Lannister walks into a brothel... and selects his whore for the night. After a bit of foreplay he instructs her to put on a blindfold. Moments after putting it on she gasps as she feels him enter her-  "M'lord, tis the biggest I've ever had!"   "You think that's big? Wait until I put in the other leg."
A man walks into the doctor's office and says 'Doctor, I have this terrible fear that I'm going to be eaten by a chicken.' I feel like a grain of corn trapped in a man's body.'   The doctor says 'Don't worry, we can help you.'  Months go by and after many therapies the doctor says 'We've done everything we could to help you and now I can safely say that you don't feel like a grain anymore.'   The man says '*I* know that, doctor, but the chicken doesn't.'
This fella and a giraffe walk into the bar The giraffe goes to sleep on the floor.   The barman says: "it, what's that lyin there?"  Fella says: "that's not a lion, that's a giraffe"
A duck walks into a Mercedes dealership, and starts looking at cars. A salesman approaches and says "can I help you sir"  The duck says "yes, I'm looking for a comfortable, yet fast car"  "Don't worry" says the duck "I have a well-paid job, and I can afford a Mercedes"  After some time the duck chooses a car and they retire to the salesman's office to make the purchase.  While the salesman completes the paperwork, the duck produces a large bag, and places it on the desk.  The salesman looks inside the bag, and sees it's full of feathers.  "What's this?" says the salesman.  The duck says.....   "It's a [down](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Down_feather) payment"  I thank you.... .. .. Edit added wikipaedia link for *down*
Dyslexic guy walk into a bra Good thing there was no one in there 
A blind man walks into a bar And a table And a chair
A Soviet Russian walks into a bar He comes up to the bartender with a surprised look on his face. "Hey what's wrong, buddy?", asks the bartender.  "Well this is strange", answers the man, "Usually, it's the other way around!"
An Englishman, Irishman and Welshman walk into a bar, All three sit down and unwrap the sandwiches that they had in their bags. The Englishman sees that it's ham and cheese and gets angry, so he says "If I get a ham and cheese sandwich one more time i'm going to be really angry."  The Irishman sees that it's a BLT and gets angry, so he says "If I get a BLT sandwich one more time i'm going to be really angry."  The Welshman sees that it's chicken and mayonnaise and gets angry, so he says "If I get a  chicken and mayonnaise sandwich one more time i'm going to be really angry."  So the next day, the three men come back into the same bar and sit down and unwrap their sandwiches once more,  The Englishman sees that it's ham and cheese and gets angry, so he says "That's it! If I get a ham and cheese sandwich one more time i'm going to kill myself."  The Irishman sees that it's a BLT and gets angry, so he says "That's it! If I get a BLT sandwich one more time i'm going to kill myself."  The Welshman sees that it's chicken and mayonnaise and gets angry, so he says "That's it! If I get a  chicken and mayonnaise sandwich one more time i'm going to kill myself"  So the next day, the three men come back into the same bar and sit down and unwrap their sandwiches once more,  The Englishman sees that his sandwich is ham and cheese, so he decides to kill himself,  The Irishman sees that his sandwich is BLT so he decides to kill himself,  The Welshman sees that his sandwich is chicken and mayonnaise, so he decides to kill himself.  At the Englishman's funeral, his wife said "Oh, poor Charles! I shouldn't have made him ham and cheese sandwiches..."  At the Irishman's funeral, his wife said "Oh, poor Larry! I shouldn't have made him BLT sandwiches..."  At the Welshman's funeral, his wife said "Oh poor Llewellyn! He made his own sandwiches...."   
A statistician walks into a bar, where he finds a seat next to a hopeless romantic.     They strike up conversation, and it gets to what each of them does for a living.     "I study statistics" says the statistician. The romantic then asks, "What in particular?" to which the mathematician replies "I do work on Bayes' theorem."      The romantic, puzzled, then asks "Wait. Like B-A-E's theorem?!"  "No!," the statistician chuckles. "B-A-Y-E-S!"    Still somewhat puzzled, the romantic asks "Well, what's the difference"  The statistician pauses, before then saying "The Bayes' theorem I study figures out what is the  probability of a hypothesis being true given certain evidence. You're trying to figure out what the probability of your dying alone is given that you're single." 
A priest and a rabbi walk into a bar They are about to sit down when the bartender says: “It costs $60 to sit on the chair.” The priest and the rabbi say “That’s absurd! What’s the reason for this charge?” The bartender says “Well the goal is to provide patrons with a sense of pride and accompli—“  The priest and the rabbi throw themselves at the bartender and beat him to death, because enough of the damn EA jokes already. 
A man walks into a bar with a mountain lion on a leash ...he goes up to the bartender and asks timidly, "hey, do you serve Republicans here?"  Bartender says reassuringly, "Sure do! Why, there's mitch McConnell right over there!"  "Great," the man says. I'll take a shot of Jameson, and my friend here will have the McConnell."
A starter motor walks into a bar The bartender says, "now don't start anything!"
Louie C.K., Harvey Weinstein and Kevin Spacey walk into a bar. Needless to say, everyone was raped. 
Scotsman, Englishman, and an Irishman walk into a bar. Sitting in a bar the Scotsman says, "As good as this bar is, I still prefer the pubs back home. In Glasgow, there's a wee place. The landlord goes out of his way for the locals. When you buy four drinks, he'll buy the fifth drink." "Well," said the Englishman, "At my local in London , the barman will buy you your third drink after you buy the first two." "Ahhh, dat's nothin'," said the Irishman, "back home in my favorite pub, the moment you set foot in the place, they'll buy you a drink, then another, all the drinks you like, actually. Then, when you've had enough drinks, they'll take you upstairs and see that you gets laid, all on the house!" The Englishman and Scotsman were suspicious of the claims. The Irishman swore every word was true. Then the Englishman asked, "Did this actually happen to you?" "Not to me, personally, no," admitted the Irishman, "but it did happen to me sister quite a few times."
An IBM ThinkPad walks into a bar. "Ouch!" says the bar.
Infinitely many people walk into a bar The first person asks for a beer, the second person asks for two beers, the third asks for three and so on. The bartender gets 1/12 of a beer then everyone leaves.
An Australian walks into a bar and orders a beer He starts playing a game of chess with the bartender. After making a particularly good move the Australian realizes he has to go. He says to the bartender "check, mate".
A neo-nazi, a ghost, and a pilot walk into a bar. The pilot says to the bartender, "Give me a light drink. I need to be sober tomorrow."  Ghost says, "Give me a lighter drink than the pilot. It goes right through me anyway."  The bartender pours drinks for the pilot and the ghost, while the neo-nazi sits at the bar in silence.   When the bartender is finished, he says to the neo-nazi, jokingly, "I guess you'd like an even lighter drink than the first two, right?"  "Oh, I didn't come here for a drink," the neo-nazi replies. "I just wanted someone to acknowledge my existence."
This guy walks into a crowded restaurant He finds a seat at the bar. While he is waiting for the bartender he notices two big T-Bones dangling from the ceiling near the wall. When the bartender gets his drink order they guy asks why the pieces of meat are hanging from the ceiling. The bartender explains that it is a challenge. If the guy can jump up and take a bite of the T-Bone he gets free drinks for a year. If he attempts it and misses, he has to buy the everyone in the restaurants drinks for the night. The guy tells the bartender he will think about it while his drink is being made. When the bartender comes with the guys drink the bartender asks if he wants to do the challenge. The guy replies “No, the steaks are too high.”
A large Indian family walks into a restaurant It was a party of Sikhs
A guy walks into a bar with a pet alligator by his side. He puts the alligator up on the bar and turns to the astonished patrons.  "I'll make you a deal. I'll open this alligator's mouth and place my genitals inside. Then the gator will close his mouth for one minute. He'll then open his mouth, and I'll remove my unit unscathed. In return for witnessing this spectacle, each of you will buy me a drink."  The crowd murmurs their approval. The man stands up on the bar, drops his trousers, and places his privates in the alligator's open mouth. The gator closes his mouth as the crowd gasps. After a minute, the man grabs a beer bottle and raps the alligator hard on the top its head. The gator opens his mouth, and the man removes his genitals, unscathed, as promised. The crowd cheers, and he receives the first of his free drinks.  The man stands up again and makes another offer: "I'll pay anyone $100 who's willing to give it a try."  A hush falls over the crowd. A moment later, a hand goes up in the back of the bar.  "I'll try," says a small woman, "but you have to promise not to hit me on the head with the beer bottle."
A man walks into a bar and notices a horse at the end of the bar. He asked the bartender, "hey why is there a horse down thwre?" The bartender says "I'll get you a free drink you can't make that horse laugh."  So the man goes to the horse, whispers in his ear, and the horse starts laughing. So the bartender says "Double or nothing, you can't make him cry."   So the man goes down to the horse, whispers in his ear, and the horse starts crying.   The bartender asks the man, "What the hell did you say to him?"   The man replies, "well to make him laugh I told him my dick was bigger than his. To make him cry, I showed him."
A guy walks into a bar with a crocodile under his arm. He sits on a stool, slaps the croc on the bar, and says, "I'd like a beer, please."   The bartender says, "Whoa dude. That thing is dangerous. Get it out of my bar."   The guy says, "Nah, he's perfectly harmless, watch."   He proceeds to whip out his penis and hold it in the crocodiles open mouth for a solid minute and a half. Afterwards, he puts his penis back up and says, "See? Perfectly harmless. Anyone else want to try?"   This one dude at the back of the bar says, "I'd like to, but I don't think I can keep my mouth open that long."
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into the bar the joke is trivial and is left as an exercise to the reader
A Boeing 737 Max flight attendant walks into a bar and orders a martini . "You're here later than usual," the bartender comments. "Problems at work?" "Yes, just as our flight was about to take off we had to turn around and wait at the gate for an hour." "What was the problem?" the bartender asks. "The pilot was bothered by a noise in the engine," she replies. "It took us a while to find a new pilot."
A guy walks into a bar. There's a huge jar of cash behind the bartender... Guy asks, "What's with the jar?"  Bartender says, "Well, all the regulars have a bit of a challenge going. First, you throw a hundred bucks in the jar to ante up. Then you have to down five bottles of tequila within' ten minutes. Then you have to go out the back door. Across the street to the left is a junkyard. There's the meanest, toughest, most vile junk yard dog you've ever seen. He's got a rotten tooth. Yank that tooth out and bring it back. Finally, upstairs, behind the last door on the right is the ugliest, meanest, oldest whore in the entire country. She hasn't had a bath in 8 years. Flip her over and fuck her in the ass! Do all that, and you win this jar of money. There's over $18,000 from suckers who have tried and failed."  "I'm gonna give it a shot," the stranger says. He tosses a hundred dollar bill in the jar. The bartender lines up five bottles of tequila. He chugs them all within three minutes. Then he charges out the back door, staggering and knocking over chairs and tables as he goes.   The men in the bar hear all kinds of snarling, then yelping and howling. Five minutes later, the dude bursts in the back door again.   "Alright! Point me toward that old lady with the bum tooth!"
A ham sandwich walks into a bar The bartender says, sorry we don’t serve food.
A string walks into a bar The waiter said: We dont serve your kind here! The string walk away, twist himself and enters again, The waiter said: arent you the same rope from last time? The rope said: im a frayed knot.
A shirt and jeans walk into a bar They ask the bartender for a drink and he replies  “No shoes no service”
A man walks into a plastic surgeons office. He asks the doctor "S-s-sir m-m-my d-d-dick i-is t-t-too l-l-l-long." The doctor replies, "Well how is that?"  So the man says, "W-w-well its s-s-so l-l-long that i-i-it p-p-pulls on my t-t-tongue a-a-and it g-g-gives me t-t-this s-s-stutter m-m-man!"  The doctor replies, "Oh I see, so I can schedule an appointment and were going to take out this part right in the middle, ok?"  "Y-y-yes t-t-that w-w-w-would b-be awesome!" the man replies.   A couple weeks after the operation, the man walks through the doctor's doors and says, "Hey, doc! Your operation worked perfectly and I already have a girlfriend! But she's been kinda complaining about my size and was wondering if I could get maybe another inch back?"  The doctor replies, "N-n-n-no, a-a-absolutely n-n-not."
A guy walks into a pub... ...And sees a sign hanging over the bar that reads: CHEESEBURGER: $1.50 CHICKEN SANDWICH: $2.50 HAND JOB: $10.00 He walks up to the bar and beckons one of the three exceptionally attractive blondes serving drinks. "Can I help you?" she asks. "I was wondering," whispers the man. "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" "Yes," she purrs. "I am." The man replies, "Well, wash your hands. I want a cheeseburger."
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first mathematician orders a pint from the bartender.  The second mathematician follows after him and orders half a pint.  The third mathematician follows along and orders a quarter of a pint.  The fourth mathematician then comes up to the bar and orders one-eighth of a pint.  This process continues until finally, the bartender loses his patience and exclaims "You mathematicians clearly don't know your limits!"
A blind man walks into a bar He didn't see it coming.
Cardi B walks into a bar. I don't remember the rest of the joke, do you have some spare change for a taxi home?
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office... A man walks into a psychiatrist's office wearing pants made of saran wrap.  The doctor says, "Well I can clearly see your nuts."
Two scientists walk into a bar One says I’ll have “H2O”  The one on the right says “I’ll have H2O too”  The bartender says ok, and hands them their water.   30 seconds later and the scientist fall on the floor  “What happened “ a scientist says “ oops I gave him H2O2”  I know it’s bad but my science teacher told the joke in class
A rabbit walks into a bar "I'd like a cheese toasty please!"  Bar Man gives him a nice warm cheese toasty ("grilled cheese" for the Americans)  Next night: "I'd like a ham toasty please!"  Bar Man gives him a nice warm Ham toasty  Next night: "I'd like a Roast Beef toasty please!"  Bar Man gives him a nice warn Roast Beef toasty  Next night  the ghost of the Rabbit comes in "Whoooo...whooooo"  Bar Man is shocked..."What did you die of?", he asks.  "Whoooo... Mixing Me Toasties..."
So a guy walks into a bar and sees a Duck sitting on a stool He looks at the Bartender and says "Why is there a Duck in the bar?" to which the duck quacks back "Hey, I can answer for myself! I'm just here for a drink like the rest of you!" . The amazed man is dumbfounded by the talking duck, and he quickly offers to buy the talking duck a drink. The duck says "don't worry, in fact I'm going to buy you a round of that top shelf Cognac". So the bartender pulls down the ancient bottle, blows off the dust, and pours a couple of shots. This goes on for a few rounds, with the duck buying more and more people shots as the night goes on. Finally, the bartender calls last call and asks the Duck how he is going to pay for the staggering amount of alcohol they have all consumed that night. The duck just turns and says "Just put it all on my Bill!" So the bartender sticks the tab slip on the ducks bill, and the duck pays with his credit card. The duck's chauffeur then says "I prefer William!"
A blind man walks into a convenience store with his service dog He heads down an aisle and pauses, his faithful Golden Retriever by his side. With a grunt he picks the dog up by the leash and starts swinging him in circles over his head.  *Wooosh wooosh wooosh*  Bags of chips are flying around and candy bars are falling to the floor, along with a clamorous noise.  The frustrated store clerk yells at the man. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING??"  "I'm just looking around."
Another blind man walks into a bar He’s been unconscious for an hour. Please send help
A ham sandwich walks into a bar! A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer, bartender says "sorry, we don't serve food here.
A bum walks into ACME fast food company. He gets approached by someone who says to him: this is hell, get the hell outta here! We don’t want you.  Another guy walks up to him and says: screw that guy, he’s wrong, I’m gonna tell you the truth . This is heaven for gods sakes, get outta here we don’t want you either.
Quasimodo walks into a bar and asks for a glass of whisky “Bells alright?” Says the barman.  “Mind your own fucking business.” Says Quasimodo.
A three legged dog walks into a saloon... '''and says: "I'm looking for the man that shot my paw"
A koala walks into a restaurant. He says, "I'll have the minestrone."  The waitress brings it, the koala eats it quickly, then orders a bowl of chili.  The waitress brings it, the koala eats it quickly, then orders a bowl of lobster bisque.  The waitress brings it, the koala eats it quickly, then orders a bowl of gazpacho.  After a while the waitress says, "Wow, you must be hungry."  The koala answers, "No, I'm just a moresoupial."
A Roman walks into a bar and says "I'll have a martinus." The bartender says "Do you mean 'martini?'" and the Roman says "No, I'm just going to have one."
A black hole walks into a bar and orders a drink... The bartender asks if he'd like food with that.   The black hole said "no thanks, I'm a light eater."
A baby seal walks into a club. I'm sorry. 
An african american fellow walks into a bar with a Parrot on his shoulder The bartender says, "That's a lovely pet, where did you get him?"  The bird replies with, "At an auction."
A salesman walks into a dentists office The salesman wanted a job selling toothbrushes and claimed he could sell 100 toothbrushes in one day. So the dentist gave him 100 toothbrushes and the salesman came back the next day with all the money. The dentist said “Wow, you sold all 100 toothbrushes in one day? How did you do it?”  The salesman said “well, first I put out a bowl of chips that said ‘free chips’” “Then I put out a bowl of dip that said ‘free dip’” Someone would take a chip, dip it in the dip and yell ‘Ugh! This tastes like shit!’ And I’d say ‘It is shit, want to buy a toothbrush?’”
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. As soon as he steps in, the monkey jumps off his shoulder and begins exploring the bar.  The monkey grabs a handful of beer nuts and scarfs them down.  Then he grabs a fish from the large fish tank and eats it.  Lastly, he grabs the cue ball from the pool table and swallows it whole.  Meanwhile, the guy sits down at the bar and the bartender, totally enraged by this display, walked up to the guy, "Did you see what your monkey just did?"  "No," the guy responded, "what did he do?"  The bartender slammed his fist on the counter, "He just ate the damn cue ball!"  The guy put his hands up, "No need to get so stressed, bro.  Tell you what:  Here's enough money to buy another cue ball and my drink."  The bartender angrily accepts the money, and shortly afterwards the guy and his pet monkey leave the bar.  &amp;#x200B;  A week later, the same guy comes back to the bar with his pet monkey.  Just like before, the monkey jumps off the guy's shoulder but this time goes straight to the jar of maraschino cherries.  The monkey takes a cherry out, sticks it up his butt, takes it out, and eats it.  The bartender approaches the guy, "Did you see what your monkey just did?"  "No," the guy responds, "what did he do?"  The bartender again slammed his fist on the counter, "He just stuck a cherry up his ass, took it out, and ate it!"  "Yeah, I'm not surprised," the guy chuckled.  "He learned to measure what he eats after he had your damn cue ball."
A man walks into a bar carrying a dog with no legs... The bartender says, "What's your dog's name? The man replies "Cigarette". The bartender says "Why'd you name him that?" The man replies, "Because every morning, I take him out for a drag."
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says "hows life"  The horse replies "stable" 
A man walks into town and offers anyone $1000 if they can make his horse laugh. People line up and try to make the horse laugh, they tell jokes and make a fool of themselves, but to no avail.   As the man is preparing to leave for the day a mysterious man walks up and asks if he can try, the owner agrees. The mysterious man walks up to the horse and whispers something into his ear, sure enough the horse begins laughing hysterically. The man revives his prize and went on his way.  The very next day the owner of the horse comes back to town and offers anyone $1000 if they can make his horse cry. Again people try all day with no success. Just as the owner was leaving the mysterious man arrived again. This time the man pulls down his pants, sure enough the horse begins bawling. The owner pays the man but asks him how he did it. With a smirk The mysterious man replied “yesterday I told him my dick was bigger than his, today I showed him.”
A man walks into a bar, He walks away mostly unharmed except for a medium sized bruise on his forehead.
A Cop and a Mormon walk into a bar... You'd think they'd've seen it.
A bear walks into a bar and says, “Give me a whiskey and … cola  “Why the big pause?” asks the bartender.   The bear shrugged. “I’m not sure; I was born with them.” 
A Pelican walks into a bar The bartender says to the Pelican, “I’m sorry, but we don’t accept big bills.”
A termite walks into a bar and says.... “Where is the bar tender?”
A man with amnesia walks into a bar The bartender asks him: "What can I get ya? "  The man says: "Whatever I had last night'
A priest walks into a bar A priest walks into a bar. He goes up to the bartender and asks for a drink.  “Sorry,” says the bartender, “we don’t serve your kind here.”   Baffled, the priest tries to object, but before he can, the bartender walks off. So, furious, the priest just decides to leave. But as he’s walking out the door, he passes a group of wealthy looking business man, and, overhearing their conversation, realizes that one of the men is the CEO of some company called Epic. The priest stops in his tracks, trying to recall why he knows that name. Then it hits him.  They are the company that makes the oh so popular Fortnite! Excitedly, he turns right back around and follows the group into the bar, sure that he can convince the man to by him, a humble man of God, a beer.   He walks up to the group, who all stop talking, and nervously explains his predicament. The five men all look at one another, and then finally, the CEO smiles and says  “Sure. Why not?”  The priest thanks him, and they walk up to the bar together, the priest feeling smug, sure the bartender won’t deny him a beer once he finds out who he’s with.   They wave to the bartender, who politely comes over and asks what he can do for them. The business man explains who he is and that he would like a beer for himself and his new friend. The bartender looks at them for a moment before replying.  “Sorry,” he says, “we don’t serve either of your kind here.”  Completely flabbergasted, the two men both watch as the bartender begins walking away, but before he can take two steps, the CEO asks him  “Why the hell not?!”   The bartender turns around, shrugs, and says  “We don’t serve people who fuck little boys.” 
Renee Descartes walks into a bar Bartender: would you like a drink? Descartes: I think not! Descartes then vanishes from existence. 
Two blondes walk into a bar.... You’d think they would have seen it in their way.
Three guys travel to Saudi Arabia and got lost. They walk into a tent that they think was the one they rented but actually belongs to a prince with 3 hot wives.  The prince comes home and thinks his wives are cheating on him. As a punishment, he tells them that their penises will have to be cut off in some way relating to their occupation.    He asks the first guy what his job was.    "I'm an employee at the shooting range," he replies.    "Then we'll shoot your dick off!" the prince says.    "I'm a fireman," the second guy says.    "Then we'll burn your cock off!" says the prince.    The third guy smiles and says, "I'm a lollipop salesman. 
A pun, a play on words, and a limerick walk into a bar No joke...
So this guy walks into a bar... ...and walks up to the bartender. As he is ordering his drink, he sees a jar full of money in the counter.  &amp;#x200B;  He then asks the bartender what tha jar is all about, to which he replies with, "Oh, the jar is part of a challenge I decided to set up for the patrons of the bar. Winner takes all"  &amp;#x200B;  The guy then replies, "Alrigh, Ill bite. What are the challenges?"  &amp;#x200B;  "Hold on, buck-o. You gotta put money in the jar first."  &amp;#x200B;  He then puts a twenty in the jar.  &amp;#x200B;  The bartender leans in and tells him, "Alright, heres the deal. This is a three-part challenge. For the first part of the challenge, you have to down an entire bottle of peppered tequila as fast as you can."  &amp;#x200B;  "For the second one, you have to go out back where we have a rabid pitbull with a sore tooth. Your job is to remove his tooth with your bare hands."  &amp;#x200B;  "As for the third part, you will have to go to the second floor of this establishment and enter the room on the left. There, you will find a 73 year old woman who has never had an orgasm in her life. Im sure you know what Im going to tell you what your job is."  &amp;#x200B;  After hearing this, the guy replies with, "Shit, man, that sounds tough."  &amp;#x200B;  The bartender replies with, "Sorry bud, you already paid."  &amp;#x200B;  "Alright, I am in. Just give me some time to get plastered."  &amp;#x200B;  The guy downed about 15 shots before he said to the bartender, "Alright, bub, hand over the tequila."  &amp;#x200B;  Once in his hands, he proceeded to chug the entire thing. Dude didnt make a face afterwards.  &amp;#x200B;  "Wheres that damn dog?", said the guy.  &amp;#x200B;  The bartender pointed to the door all the way to the back of the building, to which the guy stumbled his way towards it.  &amp;#x200B;  Once there, he went through the door and closed it behind him.  &amp;#x200B;  Couple of seconds later, everyone at the bar could hear both the guy and the dog tussling in the back, causing a lot of noise. You could hear the dog, yelping for help and the guy grunting loudly.     About twenty minutes later, there was a final loud yelp, which people didnt know if it came from the dog or the guy), and everything went silent.  &amp;#x200B;  Everyone thought that the guy had been mauled to death, and silence plagued the bar, until, finally, the guy emerged from the door, his clothes ripped to shreds.  &amp;#x200B;  Gasping, he then said, "Now, tell me where I can find the lady with the sore tooth."
A man walks into a resort and the first sign he sees says “Lool Area”. He was confused and asked one of the employees about it. “Yes, we have this tradition here, where we replace the first ‘P’ of a word that starts with P with an ‘L’."  The man thought this was strange, but as long as there were no other rules, he’d be fine. The man toured the resort and eventually came upon the cafeteria.  There was a sign which read, “Serving Lierogies and Lork tonight.”  Thinking about the food made the man hungry, so he went around looking for food. Strangely, in cafetaria he only found two signs that read; line for breakfast and line for dinner, both of which were closed since it was 12:30 PM.  Confused and hungry, the man approached the employee and asked, “Where’s the lunchline?”
My dad told me this a couple of days back: Three professors walk into a seaside bar. The first, a maths professor, wishes to make a name for himself and says to the other two, "I'm gonna figure out the depth of the sea."  Saying that, he walks out. The physics professor, unwilling to be outshined, proclaims "Well I'll find out what the density of the sea actually is and catch that maths professor in his own game."  Huffing and puffing, he takes his leave.  Now the biology professor didn't want to get caught up in all this mess but he needed a breakthrough as well. He waited for the others to return for hours and hours. When nobody came back, he went outside, took out his notebook and wrote down, 'Both are soluble in water.'  THE END.
A Skelleton walks into a bar And asks for a beer and a mop
A man walks into a bar with a piece of pavement “I’ll have two beers. One for me, and one for the road.”
The world's leading expert on European wasps walks into a record shop. He asks the assistant “Do you have ‘European Vespidae Acoustics Volume 2? I believe it was released this week.”   “Certainly,” replies the assistant. “Would you like to listen before you buy it?”   "That would be wonderful," says the expert, and puts on a pair of headphones.  He listens for a few moments and says to the assistant, “I'm terribly sorry, but I am the world's leading expert on European wasps and this is not accurate at all. I don't recognize any of those sounds. Are you sure this is the correct recording?”   The assistant checks the turntable, and replies that it is indeed European Vespidae Acoustics Volume 2. The assistant apologizes and lifts the needle onto the next track.   Again the expert listens for a few moments and then says to the assistant, "No, this just can't be right! I've been an expert in this field for 43 years and I still don't recognize any of these sounds."   The assistant apologizes again and lifts the needle to the next track.   The expert throws off the headphones as soon as it starts playing and is fuming with rage.   "This is outrageous false advertising! I am the world's leading expert on European wasps and no European wasp has ever made a sound like the ones on this record!"  The manager of the shop overhears the commotion and walks over.  "What seems to be the problem, sir?"  "This is an outrage! I am the world's leading expert on European wasps. Nobody knows more about them than I do. There is no way in hell that the sounds on that record were made by European wasps!"   The manager glances down and notices the problem instantly.  "I'm terribly sorry, sir. It appears we've been playing you the bee side."
A blind man walks into a bar. And then a table... and then a chair.... and then a person...
Two guys walk into a bar One guy orders two alcohols and the other says rocks, they both die. Bartender goes home and eats chicken tenders. (Punchline here)
A man walks into a fish and chip shop... "Nice plaice"
A snake walks into a bar The bartender asks: "How did you do that?"
A cheeseburger walks into a bar.. and the bartender says, “I’m sorry we don’t serve food here.”
A bald woman with only three strands of hair on her head, walks into a salon. The stylist is confused, and asks the lady what procedure she wants to undergo.  "I just came here for a little trimming," the woman says.  The stylist is a little taken aback, but thinks she'll get money for doing basically nothing, and so agrees to the task. However, as she's trying to trim the hair, one of the strands breaks.   "I'm so sorry!" The stylist cries out.  The woman considers the predicament for a while, and then says, "it's okay. You can just braid my hair together I guess."  Again, the stylist is surprised but tries to adhere to the request. However, yet another strand breaks.  At this, the woman quietly gets up, gathers her belongings and exclaims, "You know what? I think I'm just gonna leave my hair open."
A man walks into an insane asylum with his wife. "Excuse me, my wife thinks she's JFK."   " Oh my! We have a lot presidents here! She'll fit right in. "   The desk clerk shows them the president ward.  A week later, the wife is let out of the asylum.    "How did you like it there honey?" The man asks his wife .   "It was good! I became friends with Chicago."   "What's she like?"   "She's shy, for an airport."
2 chemists walk into a bar. The first scientist says to the bartender: "I'll have some H2O".   The second scientist says: "I'll have some H2O too".  The second one dies.
A police officer walks into an interrogation room. "It's over, buddy," he says smugly, throwing down a stack of papers. "We've got you on a double homicide."  "Double?! What are you talking about?" the perp across from him stutters.   "Don't even try to act innocent. We've got video proof. You gunned down two women! Cher and Johnny Depp's new girlfriend are both dead because of you!"  "Ok. Ok, I'll admit it," the perp stammers.  "I shot Cher (F), but I didn't shoot the Depp beauty!!"
Two scientists walk into a restaurant. The first one says, "I'll have an H2O." The second one says, "I'll also have a glass of water. Why are you referring to it so strangely. We're not at work anymore."  The first scientist goes into the bathroom and cries. His assassination attempt has failed.
A rabbit walks into a bar. Hops up to the bartender and asks, "Got any carrots?" The bartender answered, "No! This is a bar. We don’t sell carrots." The next day the rabbit came again and asked, "Got any carrots?" The bartender retorted, "No! We sell drinks! We don’t sell carrots." Next day the rabbit came and asked, "Got any carrots?" The bartender  shouted, "NO! And if you come again and ask for carrots, I'll nail your ears to the floor!"  The very next day, the rabbit came back and asked, "Got any nails?"   The bartender answered, "No!! This. Is. A. Bar!"  The rabbit asked, "Got any carrots?"
Two scientists walk into a bar "I'll have an H2O."  "I'll have an H2O too."  The bartender gives them both water because he is able to distinguish the boundary tones that dictate the grammatical function of homonyms in coda position as well as pragmatic context.
An 80 year old blind man walks into a pub and sits at the bar. He orders a pint and tells the landlord, "I've been blind for 50 years lad. My hearing's perfectly attuned. I bet can tell you what's happening in any room in this pub."   "Oh really", says the landlord, "go ahead then".   The old man cups a hand round his ear, tilts his head to the ceiling and listens. "In your bathroom, upstairs, the one at the end of the corridor... a tap's been left on."  Skeptical, the landlord sends his nephew upstairs to check. His nephew returns and confirms the findings. "Could've been luck", says the landlord, "Go on, try again..."   The old man cups his ear, tilts his head to the floor and listens. "In your cellar", he says, "I can hear scurrying. You have a rat infestation."   "You're talking rubbish." says the landlord, and sends his nephew to check. He returns and the old man is right, again!  Now intrigued, the landlord urges him to try again.   He cups a hand round his ear and listens to somewhere behind the bar. "Ah, in the storeroom down that corridor", he says, "someone's having at it in there right now".   The nephew goes and checks the store room, and what d'ya know, he finds two of the bar staff shagging away in there.   "Bloody hell old man, you truly are incredible", says the landlord, "what else can you hear?"  The old geezer hushes the landlord, places his head on the bar and listens for a while.   He lifts his head off the bar and says, "Yep, your beer pump is definitely out of action".   The landlord checks the pump... "Ha! You're wrong old man. It's working perfectly!"   "Well then, where's my fucking pint?"
Two blondes walk into a building, You’d think one of them would have see it.
Two scientists walk into a bar... One says, "I'll have H2O"  The other says, "I'll have H2O too"  The bartender gives them both water because-**WHY WOULD HE GIVE A CUSTOMER PEROXIDE!?**
A man walks into a bar... and sits down next to a crusty old sailor, whose head is the size of an orange but otherwise looks and acts normal.  After quite a few beers, the man can't help himself and asks the sailor why his head is so small.  The sailor laughs good naturedly, and begins to tell his tale.   Decades ago he was shipwrecked on a deserted island for several months. One day he sees a mermaid stranded on the beach, so he carried the mermaid back to the ocean to revive her.   She is so thankful for being saved that she grants the sailor three wishes. With his first wish, he wishes he was rescued from the island. The mermaid tells him a ship will pick him up the next morning and take him home.   With his second wish, the sailor wishes that he had $50 million dollars. The mermaid tells him to buy a lottery ticket when he gets home, and he will hit the jackpot.   The sailor can hardly believe his good fortune, so with his last wish he tells the mermaid he has been stranded on the island for many months, and he would like to have sex with a beautiful woman like herself.   The mermaid blushes and tells the man that, while she is flattered, it would be anatomically impossible to have have sexual intercourse because she's a mermaid. The sailor then asks, how about a little head?
A QA Tester walks into a bar He orders a beer.  He orders -1 beers.  He orders a penguin.  He orders a bfsadflkasdf.  He orders a OR 1=1.  He orders 23940239203492304920392304203423 beers.  He orders an order of beer... 
A bloke walks into a Glasgow library and says to the prim librarian, 'Excuse me Miss, dee ye hev any books on suicide?' To which she stops doing her tasks, looks at him over the top of her glasses and says, 'Fook off, ye'll no bring it back!
A man walks into a bar with a newt on his shoulder... A man walks into a bar with a newt on his shoulder, he orders a pint of beer for himself and a saucer of milk for Tiny. The barman fetches the drinks and places them on the bar. The man starts to drink the pint and the newt laps up the milk. Upon seeing this the barman asks the man "Why do you call him tiny?" The man replies "because he's my newt"
Two blondes walk into a bar You would think the second one would notice 
A priest, a pastor, and a rabbi walk into a bar. The bartender points to the sign on the wall that says "No jokes served here."  They ask, "Where can we get a drink?"  "The place across the street," replies the bartender.  As they start to leave, a horse walks in. The bartender points to the sign and says "Follow them," but before they made it out, the door a chicken flies in.  The bartender points and said, "You too."  The chicken says, "You've gotta be kidding me." 
So a hen walks into a library... She goes up to the librarian's desk and the librarian looks at her, baffled. The hen says "Book" and the librarian, still confused, decides to give her a book. The hen then walks away.    An hour later, the hen comes back with the book the librarian gave her, she puts it up on her desk, and she then says "Book, book, book". The librarian, still a bit confused, decides to give her 3 books. The hen puts one under her left wing, one under her right wing, and one balanced on her head and walks away.    Few hours pass, and the hen is back at the library with all the books she borrowed, she goes up to the librarian and says again "Book, book, book, book, book, book" The librarian, amazed at the speed the hen returned the books and curious to what she does with them, gives her the 6 books she requested, and proceeds to follow the hen, to see how the heck the hen uses the books.   So the hen exits the library, with the librarian tailing her. The hen goes next to the road, then takes a turn into some kind of shady alley and she opens a door. The librarian still followed the hen, trailing her up the stairs to the place she went. The hen opens one more door, one that leads to an apartment, and leaves it open. Of course the librarian had to get in.   In the apartment, the librarian sees a frog laying on a bed with a thermometer in his mouth. The hen removes the thermometer, then says "Book" and gives a book to the frog.     The frog replied: "Read it."
A Quality Assurance engineer walks into a bar and orders a beer. The QA then proceeds to order 999,999,999 beers, 0 beers, a lizard, -1 beers, and plate of ueicbksjdhd. The first real customer walks into the bar and asks where the bathroom is.  The bar bursts into flames, killing everyone.
Weird Al walks into a bar And makes a parody of it
A Priest, a Pastor, a Rabbi, and a Redditor walk into a bar... The bartender, seeing the absurd entourage, scoffs and asks "Is this some kind of joke?"  The Redditor corrects him and says, "No actually, it's a repost"
An apple walks into a bar... The bartender gives the apple a look of disgust. "We don't serve apples at dis here bar."  The Apple sighs. "Well," it says. "Expect a lot of doctors."
A blind man walks into a bar.. And a chair. And a table.
A bully and his gang walk into a Subway store He then sees the sandwich artist (that's what they are called) is a skinny, young, inexperienced kid- a perfect target to bully while ordering some subs. He walks up to the kid and starts his order of his 6-inch sub  The kid then proceeds to cut a footlong sub bread in half for a 6-inch sub when the bully interjects, and attempts to start bullying the kid by pointing out in an annoyed voice: "That definitely looks shorter than six inches!"  The kid was undaunted, however, and propped his arms against the counter and in the sweetest voice, replied, "Dude, you need to stop listening to your girlfriend." 
Guy walks into a bar...NSFW ...he notices a jar stuffed full of cash sitting on the counter with a sign reading “Win This Jar of Cash!”  Guy asks Bartender: Hey, how do I win that jar of cash?   Bartender: Well you need to complete 3 tasks.   Guy: Okay. What are they?   Bartender: Number 1..See that gentleman sitting over there?   Guy: You mean the big mean looking muscular fella?   Bartender: Yes him. You need to knock him out within one minute.   Guy: Okay easy, what is the second?   Bartender: Number 2..my angry and aggressive pit-bull upstairs has been having tooth problems. He needs one of his teeth pulled but no one dares go near him. I need you to pull that tooth.   Guy: Okay, done! And the third?   Bartender: My old lady across the street hasn’t gotten a good screwin in over 5 years. I need you to take care of her for me. Do you got it?!   Guy: Oh okay, sounds like a bit of a challenge but I got it!   To get more confidence, guy chugs a bottle of Jack, shatters the bottle on the floor and begins.  Guy walks over to the mean looking muscular fella and starts to beat him up. Guy receives a good ass kicking but manages to knock out the fella in under a minute.   Then, guy walks upstairs to the hound and shuts the door behind him. From below everyone can hear the dog yelping and screaming in pain. But then, the sounds stop.   Door opens, guy comes back down to the bartender  and asks “Alright, now where is your old lady that needs her tooth pulled?”   
skeleton walks into a bar... ...and says "I'll have a beer and a mop."
So a man walks into a bar... So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.  So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”  And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”  So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.  So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”  And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”  So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”  And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”  And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”  So the bartender is understandably ashamed.  And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.  And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”  And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”  But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”  And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”  And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”  And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”  And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”  So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”  And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.  And the twelve-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”  And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”  And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”  And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”  And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”  And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!  And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”  And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”  And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”  And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”  And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.  And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.  And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”  And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”  And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”  And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”  And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.  And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.  And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”  And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”  And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”  And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.  So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.  So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”  And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.  And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”  And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.”  And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.  And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”  And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.” ♦  Source: Simon Rich, The New Yorker
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The first one orders a beer. The second one orders half a beer. The third one orders a fourth of a beer. The bartender stops them, pours two beers and says, "You guys should know your limits." 
So an Original Joke walks into a bar "One front page spot, please" he asks politely, approaching the bar.  He hands the bartender his ID, but he barely looks at it before flicking it back.  Scoffing, the bartender replies "Not old enough; come back in 5 years"
Helen Keller Walks Into A Bar... And a table, and some chairs, too.
A bear walks into a bar and says he wants a whiskey and .................... a coke. The bartender says no problem but what’s with the big pause? The bear says I don’t know I was born this way
A grasshopper walks into a crowded bar.  He sits down on a stool and orders a glass of beer. The bartender says, “That’s funny. I figured you’d order something different, especially since we’ve got a drink named after you.”  &amp;#x200B;  The grasshopper looks at the bartender baffled and says, “You’ve got a drink named Stan?”
So, this chick walks into a bar. She sees a guy sitting at the bar and he's pretty attractive, but very sad. So she decides to sit down next to him. She can't help but ask why he's so sad. He says that his girlfriend just broke up with him. She replies that in an odd bit of happenstance, her boyfriend had just broken up with her today.  So they have a couple of drinks together and it occurs to her to ask why his girlfriend broke up with him. He replies that he was too kinky for the girlfriend. In a stunning coincidence she replies that is the exact reason her boyfriend broke up with her.  After such a lucky revelation and a couple more drinks they decide to head to her place. As they get in the door, she whispers, "Wait right here!" Only a few minutes later she returns in a crotchless leather catsuit, ball gag in one hand a whip in the other, but he's leaving.  She asks where is he going? He says, "Well, I just fucked your cat and took a shit in your purse. I'm done."
So a drunk man walks into a bar... ... into a chair, and into a table.   (tough crowd)
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar with a newt on his shoulder. The bartender looks at him and says "Hey! What's your newt's name?" the guy responds "Tiny." The bartender then asks "why'd you name him Tiny?" The guy answers back "because he's my newt".
Man walks into a library and says to the receptionist “Two sausages please” The receptionist says “ this is a library sir” So the man lowers his voice and whispers “sorry , two sausages please”.
A blind man walks into a bar. And a chair. And a table.
A man walks into a ice cream shop and asks if they have carrot ice cream. The worker is baffled by the question and says no. He walks in the next day and asks if they have carrot ice cream, again the worker replies no. The shop owner decides that if he wants carrot ice cream so bad they should make some. The man walks in the next day and asks, "Do you have carrot ice cream?" The worker happily replies yes. "That's fucking gross." says the man and leaves the shop.
So a J Word, an N Word, an R Word, and a guy wearing a confederate flag as a cape walk into a bar.. .. they get their drinks, start chatting and seem to be getting along well.   The bar tender says "Wow, if you all weren't blind you probably wouldn't be getting along so well".   Jack says: "What are you talking about?"  Bar tender: "Well let's just say I think you might have some differences of opinion"  Neil: "What opinions?"  Bar tender: "I'm not sure if I want to ruffle any feathers.. "  Richard: "Just tell us, we want to know"  Bar tender: "Okay, well, one of you has a confederate flag as a cape; another has a 'Jesus hates gays' t-shirt; another has a 'pride' pin; and the other one has 'Black lives matter' hat".  Neil: "Oh wow, I just got this shirt an LGBT event down the street, they were handing them out and I just like free stuff"  Others (at the same time): "Yeah, I was there too, I also just like free stuff, I didn't know what it was."  Neil: "Want to go have an orgy?"  Others: "Yeah, let's go!"  So it doesn't matter what your race, religion, education, or class is if all you really want is to suck dick and get your dick sucked, you'll find a way to *come* together.
An elderly man walks into a bar The Bartender asks the man to tell him the story about how he became so rich, the man agrees and goes ''I had one orange and I sold it for 5 cents. With those 5 cents I bought another orange and sold him for 6 cents. I repeated that several times before my uncle died and I inherited 10 million''
A split personality schizophrenic walks into a deli He asks; May I order a sandwhich one?
A duck walks into a pub and orders a pint of beer and a ham sandwich. The barman looks at him and says, "Hang on! You're a duck."  "Yep," replies the duck.  "And you can talk!" exclaims the barman.   "Yep again”, says the duck, "Now if you don't mind, can I have my beer and my sandwich please?"  "Certainly, sorry about that”, says the barman as he pulls the duck's pint. "It's just we don't get many ducks in this pub. What are you doing round this way?"  "I'm working on the building site across the road,"explains the duck. "I'm a plasterer."   The flabbergasted barman cannot believe the duck and wants to learn more, but takes the hint when the duck pulls out a newspaper from his bag and proceeds to read it.  So, the duck reads his paper, drinks his beer, eats his sandwich, bids the barman good day and leaves. The same thing happens for two weeks. Then one day the circus comes to town. The ringmaster comes into the pub for a pint and the barman says to him, "You're with the circus, aren't you? Well, I know this duck that could be just brilliant in your circus. He talks, drinks beer, eats sandwiches, reads the newspaper and everything!"   "Sounds marvellous," says the ringmaster, handing over his business card. "Get him to give me a call." So the next day when the duck comes into the pub the barman says, "Hey Mr. Duck, I reckon I can line you up with a top job, paying really good money."  "I'm always looking for the next job," Says the duck. "Where is it?"  “At the circus," Says the barman. "The circus?"  Repeats the duck.  "That's right," replies the barman.  "The circus?" The duck asks again, “with the big tent?"  "Yeah," the barman replies.  "With all the animals who live in cages, and performers who live in caravans?" says the duck.   "Of course," the barman replies.  "And the tent has canvas sides and a big canvas roof with a hole in the middle?" persists the duck.  "That's right!" says the barman.  The duck shakes his head in amazement, and says ....... "What the fuck would they want with a plasterer?"
A straight man walks into a room with James Charles and J.K. Rowling Edit: never mind a gay man walks into...
A priest, a rabbi, and a minister walk into a bar The bar tender says “what is this a joke”
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under one arm and says, “A beer please, and one for the road,”
An Opthalmologist, an Optometrist, and an Optician walk into a bar... nobody on reddit could see the difference
A group of people of all genders walk into a bar... The first orders a beer... The second orders half a beer... The third orders one quarter of a beer... The fourth orders one eighth of a beer...  The bartender pours two beers for the entire group, and replies "cmon guys, know your limits."  
The top 50 subreddits walk into an italian restaraunt. r/Askreddit without even thinking says "ill have some question wine"  And all the others go, with r/pics ordering "photo ravioli"  Then, at last r/Jokes says "Ill have lots and lots of reposti"
2 dyslexic guys walk into a bank and svream.... Air in the hands, mother stickers. This is a fuck up. 
Man and a little girl walk into the woods... The little girl looks up at him and says 'I'm frightened', the man says 'You're frightened! I've to walk out of here on my own'
A pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his pants.    The Bartender asks, "what's with the wheel?"     The pirate says, "Arrrr! It drives me nuts!
A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. After having the beer, he asks the bartender for the bill.  "$3", says the bartender.  The man just for fun goes on and places a $1 coin on the three ends of the table. The bartender gives him a bad look but has no other option but to pick them up.  This happened for 3-4 days and everyday the bartender felt humiliated.  The next day, he orders a beer but couldn't find three $1 coins to pay the bill. So, he hands the bartender a $5 note. Now, the bartender gets all excited and thinks that it is his day to avenge the hard time he had because of this man. He then places the two $1 coins at the opposite ends of the table.  Now, with a shrewd smile and with all the excitement he goes to the man and says, "Go on, collect your change".  The man then takes out a $1 coin from his pocket and puts it in front of the bartender and says, "One more beer please."
A dung beetle walks into a bar and says... "Excuse me, is this stool taken?"
Oedipus walks into a bar Bartender: "What do you want?"  Oedipus: "A shot"  Bartender: "Huh, you don't look too good, and you're drinking, what happened?"  Oedipus: "I got into a fight..."  Bartender: "With who?"    Oedipus: "With my wife, for some reason she got mad because i didn't gave her anything yesterday..."
A man walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a glass. The bartender pulls out of glass and sets it on the bar.  The man says, "That's not a glass."  The bartender was confused, but apologized and grabbed a different kind of glass and set it in front of the man.  The man says, "That's not a glass either."  The bartender looks over the glass, looks at the man, and says, "Sir, this is a glass."  The man says, "Prove it."  The bartender says, "I don't know. It holds liquid and it's made of glass. It's a glass."  "That's not proof," the man says, "that just shows that you have something that's made of glass and holds liquid, not that it *is* a glass."  The bartender looks at the man confused. "Are you stupid or something?"  The man stands straight up, eyes wide and hands on his hips. "How dare you," he yells at the bartender, "I will have you know that I hold a *doctorate* in creation science!"
A guy walks into a bar, and orders three shots. The barman pours said shots, and the guy quickly necks them all. The barman asks what’s up, and the guy responds “had my first blowjob today” and the barman is like woah, have a another shot on me! The guy accepts, “cheers man, still can’t get the bloody taste outta my mouth” 
A Prius owner, a vegan and a mother of 3 kids walk into a bar We know this, because they told everybody.
So a candy pirate walks into my candy shop... He walks up to the counter and asks for a gumdrop, so I ask him, "Why would you want gum that's been dropped? But in all seriousness, we are out of gumdrops."  So he asks what else we have here. I tell him,  "We have candy fish."  He says, "Candy fish? Are they sweet?"  I reply, "Well. They're *Swedish!*"  At this point, he's getting upset and makes me go outside and go onto his pirate ship. He pushes me on the plank and tells me to walk it.   I ask, "Don't you think you're going a little overboard?"  He says, "No. But you are!"  Right before I jump off, I ask him one last thing.   I request, "Before I jump, can I have one last mug of rootbeer?"  He says, "I don't see why not"  So he gives me the mug of rootbeer and both the rootbeer and I jump. And I would have drowned had it not been for one thing...  ~  ~  ~  ~  ~  ~  ***Rootbeer floats!***
A one hand man walks into... A second hand store.
A bar walks into physicist.. Sorry wrong frame of reference.
A man with a lisp walks into a nut store. He approaches the man at the counter, who has a very large nose, and asks him "Ekthcuthe me thir, how much are your pithtathios?"  The cashier replies politely, "Pistachios are five dollars a pound."  "Jethuth Chritht, that'th too rich for me.  How much are your cathewth?"  "Cashews," he answers, "are two dollars a pound."  "Jethuth Chritht, that'th thtill too much.  How about jutht thome plain peanutth?"  "Fifty cents a pound for peanuts."  "Okay, I'll take a pound of peanutth," requests the customer.  As he's paying he tells the vendor, "By the way, thankth for not making fun of my lithp."    To which the vendor replies, "And likewise to you, thanks for not making fun of my large nose."  "Jethuth Chritht, that'th your nothe?  I thought it wath your dick thince your nutth are tho high!"
A woman walks into a library and asks the librarian if she has any books on paranoia “They’re right behind you!”
A man walks into a bar... He sits down and explains to the bartender how he got a chip installed in his hand( That acts as a mobile phone) on a recent trip to China. The bartender didn't believe him at first; so the man asked for the bartender's phone number. He typed it into his palm and, to the bartender's amazement, the phone began to ring. He picked up and they could hear each other, crystal clear. The bartender ran off to tell all his friends while the man went to the toilet. After about 15 minutes, the bartender got worried, as the man hadn't come back yet. He sent a regular to go and check on the man. He walked in and found the man standing on a toilet, with a roll of toilet paper in between his buttocks. He said "What on earth are you doing?".  The man replied, "Waiting for a fax to come through."
A Pig Walks Into a Bar… A pig walks into a bar, orders 15 beers, and drinks them. The bartender asks, “Would you like to know where the bathroom is?” “No,” says the pig. “I’m the little piggy that goes wee-wee-wee all the way home.”
A giraffe walks into a bar... And says "highballs on me"
A woman walks into a pharmacy and asks the cashier "do you have extra large condoms". the cashier says "yes, second aisle to the left. You wanna buy some?"  the woman says  "No, but would you mind if I wait here until someone else does"
A gorilla walks into a bar A gorilla goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini. He then walks back over to the give it to the gorilla, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a gorilla walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.  So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the gorilla notices anything."  So he walks back over to the gorilla and hands him a dollar change. The gorilla doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.  "You know," he says to the gorilla, "we don't get too many gorillas in here."  And the gorilla says, "At nineteen dollars a drink I'm not surprised."
Two guys walk into a bar Wouldn’t you think that the second guy would have ducked
A man walks into a pub The barman asks "Why the long face?"  The man replies "I just found out my wife is sleeping with another man. So I have decided I'm going to drink myself to death."  The barman looks shocked and says "I'm sorry I can't help you commit suicide at all let alone in my pub!"  The man asks "Well what would you do in my situation?"  The barman leans in and says "If I found out a guy was sleeping with my wife I wouldn't sit around feeling sorry for myself, I'd kill the guy."  The man jumps up from his stool and shouts "That's a great idea! Thanks!" and runs out of the pub.  A couple hours goes by and the barman is starting to get nervous when the man walks back into the pub with a smile on his face.  "Did you kill the guy?" The barman asks nervously.  "Nope! I slept with your wife. Whiskey please
A man walks into his house holding a chicken under his arm He looks at his wife and says “this is the pig I’ve been fucking”   His wife says, “That’s not a pig that’s a chicken you idiot”   The man says “I was talking to the chicken”
An introvert walks into a bar... And then leaves
A Limbo Champion walks Into a Bar....... She was immediately disqualified.
Robert Redford, Jackson Galaxy and Cesar Milan walk into a bar... Bartender says: I can't hear a fucking thing any of you are saying.
A man walks into a bar He drank too much
A Scott and a Horse walk into a bar... The Scott orders a half a pint of vodka, and one for the Horse.  The bartender, clearly taken aback by the fact that the Horse was drinking too, asked if he was okay with this.  The horse simply replied, "Neigh."
A skeleton walks into a bar. Says, "I'd like a beer please.  And a mop."
A horny asian man walks into a wall He broke his nose.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender looks up, sees the horse and says, "Hey!"  The horse replies, "Sure. That sounds good."
Chris Rock, The Rock, and Kid Rock walk into a marijuana dispensary *something about being stoned*      I tried.
A Pakistani prostitute walks into les barreaux. All the soûlards shout, "LAHORE". 
[long] A guy walks into a bar.... A guy walks into a bar, sits down and orders a beer. As he's sitting he notices a bowl filled with money standing on the counter.  Intrigued he asks the bartender what's it all about.   'You see that priclvacy screen in the corner?'   'yeah'   'Well, behind the screen there's a horse. He's dead serious. Put a tenner in the bowl, if you make him laugh the money is yours.'   Guy ponders for a while, downs the beer, puts the tenner in the bowl, stands up and goes behind the screen. Not a minute had passed when a maniacal laughter erupts from behind the screen. Clearly the horse can barely keep it together.   The guy walks out, collects the money and leaves without a word.   Few weeks had passed, same guy walks in to the bar and orders a beer. As he sits he notices the bowl is full again so he turns to the barkeep and asks what's up.   'Since you left the horse won't stop laughing so now the bet is to make him stop.'   The guy downs the beer, puts the money in and goes in.   Again maybe a minute and suddenly there's a huge wail resounding from behind the screen followed by more anguish and sobbing.   The guy comes out, collects the money and turns for the door.   'HOLD ON!' Bartender shouts. 'First of all, how did you make him laugh so hard?'   'Easy' the guy says. 'I told him I have a bigger one than he.'   'OK' bartender say, 'but how'd you make him cry?'   'I showed him'
A guy walks into a bar With both arms and a leg broken, a concussion and multiple wounds all over his body.  As he joins his friends at the table one of them asks: -“Dude what happen to you?! You look terrible” -“You’ll never believe it” he said. “See this broken leg? A bear did this!!”  “Wow, and your arms and head, what happened?”-another friend said -“While running away from the bear I got run over by two wild horses and I was sent flying through the air!” -“Damn, but how are you covered with those wounds? Those look really bad!!” -“I landed right in front of a tiger,  and the beast figured I was its next meal” -“Ok, that’s crazy, and how did you manage to get away with all those injuries?” -“Get away?!!!! If the guy didn’t stop the merry-go-round I think I would be dead right now”  PS: Sorry for the poor editing, currently on mobile
Lady walks into a bar and ask for a double entendre. So the bartender *gives it to her.*
A penguin walks into a Japanese restaurant It sits on the table. When the waitress comes, the penguin says to hers to her, "One ice water, and one sashimi platter, please." The waitress smiles and says "Okay, tuxedo-kun, would you like some wasabi and soy sauce?"   The penguin rolled his eyes and said,  "No, and I find it insensitive to assume I'm wearing a tuxedo all the time." 
A liberal, a moderate, and a conservative walk into a bar.  Bartender says, “Hey Mitt! What’ll ya have?”
A man walks into a bar with a monkey... I forget the rest of the joke, but your mom is a whore.
A guy walks into a gay bar. He doesn't hit his head because the bar wasn't straight.
A machine learning algorithm walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "What would you like to drink?"  The algorithm replies, "What's everyone else having?"
Hitler walks into a pub And orders a French dip, when the waiter comes out to give it to him he says,“Here is your French dip and Au Jus sir”, Hitler responds with “Au Jus!?! WHERE!?!”
A Rabbi, an atheist, and a Priest walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What?! If this is some sort of joke you have to leave!" So they all walk out.  A few minutes later a chicken walks into the bar. The bartender yells, "Come on! We don't even serve chickens!"  The chicken asks, "Do you know anywhere that does?"  The bartender replies, "Yeah... It's right across the road."
A duck walks into a drug store He says "Do you sell chapsticks?" And the store clerk says, "Yes, we do, but you don't have any money." And the duck says, "Just put it on my bill."
A man walks into a shop and says, "I'd like to buy a wasp." The shop keep says, "We don't sell wasps."  The man says, "There's one in your window."
[LONG] A frog walks into a bank to get a loan... He approaches the teller, Ms. Wack, and asks for an amount of money. Ms Wack, having never granted a loan to a frog before, asks what a frog could possibly need the money for.  "Well, I'm looking to get a new lily-pad," the frog says, "I just moved out on my own and I'm looking to upgrade my housing."  The teller thought that sounded reasonable, so she started on the paperwork. First thing she asked was his name.  "My name is Kermit," the frog replied.  Ms. Wack stared at him for a moment, then exclaimed, "Oh my goodness, you're Kermit the Frog!"  The frog shook his head. "No, I'm not Kermit the Frog. My name is actually Kermit Jagger. Mick Jagger is my father. He got into some risky stuff with a frog after a concert so here I am."  Ms. Wack nodded her head as she wrote it down. She then asked what Kermit could offer as collateral. The frog produced a small, plastic elephant from his pocket and handed it to her. Thinking this was very odd, she decided to excuse herself to go talk to her bank's manager about it.  "Yes, Patty?" the manager asked as she entered the room.  "Well, sir, there's this frog out here named Kermit Jagger, says he's related to Mick Jagger. He's asking for a loan to buy a new home, and he's offered me this as collateral," Ms. Wack told him, as she presented him with the small elephant.  The manager looked at the elephant for a few moments, before slamming it down on the desk. "It's a Knick-Knack, Patty Wack, give the frog a loan! His old man's a Rolling Stone!
A blind man walks into a bar And a chair And a table 
A German, Frenchman, and Pakistani walk into a bar "Jeez, we should lower the bar" the Olympic hurdle committee exclaimed. 
A nail walks into a bar and orders a whisky neat. The bartender says "okay, but no getting hammered." 
3 Actors walk into a bar Sylvester Stallone, Chuck Norris and Arnold Schwarzenegger are sitting in a bar.  Sylvester Stallone says, "Guys, we should make a movie with the three of us, but I'm all out of ideas at the moment, I'm kind of bored with the standard action flicks."  Chuck says, "Guys, I'm bored of doing action movies too  and I've got some ideas but you may not like them."  Sylvester says, "Let us hear it."  So Chuck continues, "All right, this may sound silly, but I was actually thinking about doing a movie on great classical composers."  That's when Arnold throws himself in the conversation and says, "That sounds like a great idea! Sylvester, you can be Mozart, and Chuck can be Beethoven!"  "And who will you be, Arnold?"  "I'll be Bach."a
An Englishman, a Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a bar. The Englishman wanted to go so they all had to leave.
A man, his cousin and his wife walk into an Alabama bar. Man: Can I get a table for two
A lawyer, spy, mob boss, and a money launder walk into a bar. The bartender says: "you guys must be here to talk about adoption." -stolen from twitter 
A limbo player walks into a bar. They lost.
An EM walks into a bar she wants people to watch her child
A guy with short term memory loss walks into a bar. A guy with short term memory loss walks into a bar. 
A polar bear walks into a bar Bartender: What'll you have? Polar bear: I'll have a gin and...................tonic. Bartender: OK but why the big pause? Polar bear looks down and says: I don't know...i was born with them.
A bra walks into a bar The bartender says, "I can't serve you, you're off your tits."
A horse walks into a bar Bartender asks: Why the long face?   Horse: My alcoholism is destroying my family
A dinosaur, a spider, and a cowboy walk into a bar All three sit at the bar and begin drinking heavily, clearly distressed. The bartender asks them what their troubles are. The Cowboy takes a shot, then says "my horse got loose, ran into traffic, and got hit by a semi truck carrying gasoline. Cause a whole big explosion and blew my poor horse to bits." The spider nods sympathetically. "I just lost my husband in that same fire. The driver found him, freaked out, and crashed trying to squash my dear hubby." The bartender is in shock, but finally asks the dinosaur his story. The dinosaur sniffed, took a sip from his straw, and said "My whole family was on that truck"
A guy walks into a therapist's office wearing nothing but plastic wrap. The therapist says "well I can clearly see you're nuts".
Why did the amputee have to sue to walk into the bar? The owner was lack-toes-intolerant.  This joke was brought to you by literally every other post in r/boneappletea.
A klansmen, a domestic abuser and a murderer walk into a bar... The bartender asks “what’ll it be officer?”
A Communist and a Fascist walk into a bar.. The bartender asks if the men would like menus.  The Communist exclaimes "No, I am full, like the earth is full of bodies of those killed under Fascist rule!"  The Fascist retorts "I'll take a menu, as I am starving, like every man, woman, child and dog who lived under Communist rule."  The bartender shakes his head and thinks "Wow, this comment section is gonna be a total shit-show."
A horse walks into a bar, at which point the bartender asks if he’s an alcoholic given all the bars he frequents. “I don’t think I am.” the horse replies.  *poof*  The horse disappears.  This is the moment where those who are into philosophy start to grin as they’re familiar with the philosophical proposition of “Cogito Ergo Sum”, or “I think, therefore I am”.  But to explain that joke beforehand would be putting Descartes before the horse.  
An irish sailor with the steering wheel of a ship jammed into his crotch walks into a bar He walks into the bar   The bartender approaches him worried and says to the sailor " What the fuck man is that a steering wheel?"  To wich the sailor replies "Aye lad, it's drivin me nuts"
What happens when a bottle of water walks into a bar on a hot day? It gets drunk.
A man walks into a French restaurant and sits at a table The waiter approaches and says, "good evening sir, would you like to order some food?"   "Orange duck! " the man says  "I think you mean Duck a l'orange Sir." the waiter explains  "No, a large orange Duck!!" the man shouts  "Sir, it's Duck a l'orange and unfortunately we're all out of duck this evening. Would you like something else?"   "A FUCKING HUGE ORANGE DUCK!!!" the man blasts!   "Look you imbecile..." the waiter begins, but he couldn't finish his sentence,  he was suddenly and most unexpectedly attacked by a monstrous orange duck.
An arabic man walks into a bar. He holds up two fingers and says, "Seven beers, please."
A guy walks into /r/jokes ...... A guy walks into /r/jokes where he meets a bartender. The bartender offers him a drink. The guy says he does not have money to pay, so instead he offers a trade-- if he can get tell the bartender a new joke, then the bartender should provide him a drink for free. The bartender, a smug, old pirate of a man accepts. After all, he is a moderator of /r/jokes, since he knows most of the jokes that are posted in r/jokes.   The guy begins his tale. “A horse is sitting at home, watching MTV...”. The bartender thought of stopping him there but then he thought that it would so much fun to stop him at the punchline. The guy continued without knowing that bartender knows the joke.  “The horse was watching a jazz music video, and the guitarist plays an amazing solo. The horse says "that looks amazing, I want to do that!"  The horse goes to the phone book, looks up a music teacher and calls him. "Hi, I'd like to learn to play guitar." Says the horse.  "Sure," says the man on the phone. "Just come to your lesson and we'll get you started."  "There's just one problem," says the horse. "I'm a horse."  "Not to worry," the man says. "We have new state of the art technology to teach horses. You'll be playing like a pro in no time."  Sure enough, the horse gets really good at the guitar and he can play that amazing solo. He wants to show his friends, so he picks up the phone and calls chicken.  "Hey Chicken, come over!" he says. Chicken comes over, watches horse play the guitar and thinks it's pretty cool. Chicken watches the music video and says "hey, that drum part is pretty cool, I want to learn to play that."  Chicken goes to the phone book, looks up a music teacher and calls him. "Hi, I'd like to learn to play the drums." Says the chicken.  "Sure," says the man on the phone. "Just come to your lesson and we'll get you started."   "There's just one problem," says the chicken. "I'm a chicken."  "Not to worry," the man says. "We have new state of the art technology to teach chickens. You'll be playing like a pro in no time."  Sure enough, the chicken gets really good and begins to jam with the horse. Eventually, they think that something's missing. They watch the video again and realize they need a bass guitarist. They call their friend Cow and show them what they've been up to. Cow thinks it's pretty cool, and wants to learn how to play the bass guitar.  Cow goes to the phone book, looks up a music teacher and calls him. "Hi, I'd like to learn to play bass guitar." Says the cow.  "Sure," says the man on the phone. "Just come to your lesson and we'll get you started."  "There's just one problem," says the cow. "I'm a cow."  "Not to worry," the man says. "We have new state of the art technology to teach cows. You'll be playing like a pro in no time."  Sure enough, the cow gets really good at the bass and the animals have a nice band going.  One day, while they're practicing, a man walks by and hears them. He goes up to the animals and says "hey, you guys are pretty good! I'm from a record label, I'd like to sign you!"  The band records an album, puts out some singles and becomes a massive success. They go on a worldwide tour and make tons of money. Right before the last show of the tour, which is supposed to be in Vegas, Horse gets a call. His mother is in hospital.  Horse goes to visit her before the show while the rest of the band goes to Vegas to set up. It turns out that she's all good, it's just a cold. As horse is leaving the hospital, he gets another call. The private jet that was carrying the band and their producer crashed into the ocean, and there were no survivors.   Horse is devastated. All of his best friends are dead, he's out of a job and he's stuck with nowhere to go. He breaks down in tears and decides he'll drink himself to death.  So the horse walks into a bar.”  And then when the man was thinking that with this he would get a free drink, the bartender interjected him and said “Why the long face”.;  Hesitant at first, the man continued as he thought whatever happens he will get a free drink today,  “Well the joke doesn’t end here”  The amused bartender asked him to continue.  So the man continued with his joke  “A duck comes and sits next to the bar and they get to talking about the horrible tragedy that horse had to deal with. Meanwhile, drinking and having a good time. Duck tells horse about her band and how successful they were until their guitarist moved out of the country. Horse and duck decide to go into business together. As they finish their drinks, duck says: "I’ll pay for the drinks by the way."  The bartender shouts “Put it on my bill."  The man was terrified it seemed like the bartender knew every joke, even then he thought he will make him laugh he will tell him something that he doesn’t know  So the man thought for a while and continued,  “The duck then said to the horse that he is a CIA agent and he was doing a background check of him and he came to said he was successfully elected to be one of the next astronauts. Surprised horse didn’t believe him until he showed his badge.   Next day the duck dropped him to the NASA, there he met a rat, a bear and a wolf.   During his first encounter he knew that they were all jazz musicians and in fact they were the masters in their domain.   So, for one-year horse trained in various activities like how to survive zero gravity and what to do in various situations, and in night they would they would jam.   After one year when the director came to meet the new group of astronauts, the horse asked the director, “Why they were selected to the NASA’s moon program”, to which the director replied “  Now the bartender who was a smug, old pirate of a man knows that this is definitely an OC, but he still doesn’t want to agree that this a new joke so he asked, “What did the director said”  The man replied, “well the director told them that will play smooth jazz in the moon to create atmosphere” 
A priest, a monk, and a Rabbi walk into a barbershop. A priest walks into a barbershop. After he gets his hair cut, he goes to pay. The barber says "I do not charge men of faith." The next day the priest leaves twelve eggs in front of the barbershop as thanks.   Soon after, a monk walks into the same barbershop and gets his hair cut for free. The monk leaves twelve apples by the door as thanks.  A few days later, a Rabbi walks into the barbershop. He gets his free haircut. The next day the barber comes to work to see twelve Rabbis by the door.
A man with one shoe walks into a bar. The bartender looks at him and says "hey, what you do? Lose a shoe?"  The man looks at him and says "nope, found one."
Three girls walk into a bar *After ordering drinks* Girls: I heard pretty girls don't pay for drinks here.  Bartender: they don't , here's your bill. 
A set of jumper cables walks into a bar. The bartender looks at them and says, "OK, I'll serve you, but don't start anything."
A limbo champion walks into a bar They are disqualified
A bear walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says "we don't serve beers to bears at the Bear Lake Bar. " The bear says "If you don't give me a beer, I'm going to eat that guy over there." A bear walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says "we don't serve beers to bears at the Bear Lake Bar. "      The bear says "If you don't give me a beer, I'm going to eat that guy over there."   The bartender says "we don't serve beers to bears at the Bear Lake Bar. " The bear goes over to the the guy at the bar and eats him. He comes back to the bartender and says " give me a beer."  The bartender says "we don't serve beers to bears at the Bear Lake Bar. "   The bear says "if your not going to give me a beer, I'm going to eat that woman over there. "  The bartender says "we don't serve beers to bears at the Bear Lake Bar. " The bear walks over and eats the woman in two bites. "Now give me a beer!"  The bear growls.  The bartender says "we don't serve beers to bears at the Bear Lake Bar, and we don't serve drug addicts." The bear says "Drugs?  All I wanted was a beer." The bartender tells him "Well that was a bar-bitch-u-ate"
Bruce Lee walks into a Burger King... and orders and WHOPPPAAAA!!!
A room-temperature superconductor walks into a bar.. The bartender says: we don't serve your kind here. The room-temperature superconductor leaves with no resistance
A duck walks into a bar A duck walks into a bar. The bartender says, "hey, buddy! Your pants are down!".
A database professional walks into a bar And joins two tables.
The Dalai Lama walks into a pizza shop and says... "Can you make me one with everything?"
A length of rope walks into a bar The bartender looks at him and says “get out, we don’t serve ropes in here!”   The rope goes outside and cuts himself in half and ties his two sections together. Not pleased with his appearance, he takes a comb and combs out his ends.   He walks back into the bar and the bartender says “hey, aren’t you that rope I just kicked out?”   And the rope replied “no, I’m a frayed knot.”
A panda walks into a bar... He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves.  The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house. "You owe me money," she says.  "For what?"  The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute."  The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money."  The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda -- look it up." She is about to protest when the bear hands her the dictionary.  The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary. It says, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves."
One Day a Man Walks Into a Bar One day a man walks into a bar and to his amazement, he finds a tiny person playing a tiny  piano. Stunned the man asked the bartender where he got this amazing  person. The bartender replied that he got him from a genie who lives inside the storage closet.  The man dashed into the the closet and as the bartender said, there was a genie inside. The genie told the man,  "I will grant you one wish." Without hesitation the man wished for a million bucks, but instead 1 million ducks instantly appeared. Infuriated the man stormed to the bartender and screamed, "I think your genie is hard of hearing, I asked for a million bucks but instead I got a million ducks."  The bartender shook his head and replied, "You're telling me... Do you really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?"
A girl walks into a bar. Says to the bartender, "I'd like a double entendre, please."  So he gives it to her. 
A teetotaler walks into a bar. He says, "Excuse me, bartender, but since I don't drink alcoholic beverages, could you please make a non-alcoholic sparkling malt beverage? Y'know, sorta like beer but it doesn't make you drunk?" The bartender responds, "This is not a place for non-alcoholic beverages, you moron. Just get outta this place!"
Jack the ripper walks into a Bar...  and orders Isabella's Islay scotch. Bartender warns "It will cost you an arm and a leg".  Jack the ripper's reply:"its a deal"
Two meteorologists walk into a restaurant... Two Weather Channel guys are arguing over how to correctly pronounce “Mobile”. So they walk into a restaurant and decide to let one of the local residents settle it for them. So they ask a worker “What is the correct pronunciation of this place?” She looks at them and slowly says “BUR..GER...KING”.
Two bacteria walk into a bar. The bartender says, _"We don't serve bacteria here."_ And the bacteria says, _"But we work here. We're staph."_
A man walks into a bar Then he proceeds to cry out in pain
Two guys walk into a bar The third one ducks. 
A ghost walks into a bar Boos please.
A dog walks into a pub, and takes a seat. He says to the barman, "Can I have a pint of lager and a packet of crisps please".    The barman says, "Wow, that's amazing! You should join the circus!"   The dog replies, "Why? Do they need electricians?"
A blind guy walks into a bar. When he comes in he starts spinning his seeing eye dog in the air so the bartender ask "What are you doing?"  "Oh im just having a look around." The man says.
Two guys walk into a bar. Knock knock.
A guy walks into subway to order a sandwich The lady at the counter asked, "Whatcha want?" The guy said, "I want you to come home and eat my 5 dollar foot long."
Two spiral galaxies walk into a pub. The landlord scowls at one of them and says: "Out. You're barred!"
The mathematicians walk into a bar. The first mathematician orders a pint of beer. The second mathematician orders a half. The third, a quarter pint. There is an infinite line up of Mathematicians.   The bartender fills up two pints and slides it over to the Mathematicians.       
A man walks into his second rodeo He then proudly proclaims "This isn't my first rodeo."
An SEO Expert Walks Into a Bar, bars, beer garden, hangout, lounge, night club, mini bar, bar stool, tavern, pub, beer, wine, whisky,
A man walks into a gas station and sees a sign for a leg less talking parrot. 10 dollars. He walks up to the parrot and ask him how he is standing in the branch. The parrot replies “I’ve learned to wrap my penis around the branch and it holds me up.”  The man then walks up to the store owner and ask why he is selling him. The owner answers “he never shuts up. He is always talking. Never quiets down.”  The man decides to buy the parrot.  He takes him home and after a few weeks things are great. They have long conversations about sports, life, politics, everything.   Finally one day the man comes home and the parrot is on the ground. He ask what happen.   The parrot says “well, your wife came home early. And shortly after another man walks in. They start kissing and getting steamy.”  The man stops him and ask what happen after that.   The parrot replies “well... I’m not sure I got a boner and next thing I know I’m on the floor. “
A blind man walks into a bar And into a table,and into a chair,and people
A guy walks into a bar... Steps up straight to the bartender and says: "I heard you are the meanest bartender around and everyone is afraid of you". The bartender says : "If they say so it's true". The guy says: "I'll tell you what, i am not aftaid of you and think im better than you". "Is that so?" the bartender asks. "Yes" says the guy "wanna bet? I bet 300$ im able to pee in a glass of beer from   10 feet away and not a single drop of pee will miss the glass". "Deal" says the bartender. So the man gets in position, unzips his pants and starts to pee. The pee went everywhere but the glass. Most of it got the bartender. So the bartender is happy he got 300$ so easily, and the guy leaves the bar. But a bit later the guy walks back in counting money. The bartender asks: "what's with all this money?" The guy says: "Oh, you know me and my firends made a bet for 500$ if i can pee on the guy everyone is most scared of in a way it pleases him.
A brunette walks into the doctors office She is complaining that her entire body hurts. So the doctor asks her to touch her elbow. The brunette winces in pain The doctor asks for her to touch her knee The brunette shutters in pain The doctor asks her to touch her chin  The brunette screams in agony Then the doctor says “ma’am, did you dye your hair”? The lady replies “yes, I was once blonde, why?” Then doctor says “because your finger is broken”
A duck walks into a bar... And orders a hundred bottles of scotch.  The bartender says, "That's gonna be pretty expensive. How are you gonna pay for all that liquor?"  The duck replies, "Just put it on my tab."  A nearby bar patron cheekily says, "Don't you mean 'put it on my bill'?"  The duck says to the bartender, "Okay, put it on his bill."
A man walks into a bar... He goes the bartender, as sees a glass jar stashed with money. He asked the bartender what all the money in the jar was for. The bartender tells the man that the money is for anyone to complete 3 challenges. The man accepts the challenges with great confidence in himself.  "We have a door to the back which is almost impossible to open, a fierce bulldog with a loose tooth and an 89 year old lady who happens to be a virgin", explains the bartender. "The first challenge is to open the door, the second is to take the loose tooth from the bulldog, and well, you probably know what you have to do with the old lady."  The man manages to open the door with much effort, and heads out to the back to see the bulldog. From inside the bar, you could hear screaming, barking, ripping of clothes and even more screaming. The man struggles back inside with blood all over his body. "Alright", said the man, "Now where's the old lady with the loose tooth."
So a guy walks into a whore house He goes up to the manager and asks for the strangest women they've got as he wants to experiment. The manager goes to the back and brings out a woman named Jenny. Jenny is quite attractive so he goes to a room with her. When they get into the room, Jenny pops out her glass eye and says, "If we do it, we do it up here" while pointing to her empty eye socket. The man is a little weirded out but decides to go along with it. So they have sex and afterwards they're lying next to each other in bed. Jenny asks "So did you enjoy it?". The man replies "Yeah, it was a little different but I liked it". Jenny responds, "Are you going to come back then". The man replies "Yeah, probably". So Jenny says, "Well that's great! I'll make sure to keep an eye out for you!"
A man walks into a bar holding a piece of asphalt He says to the bar tender: “I want two drinks, one for me right now and one for the road.”
A skeleton walks into a bar... ...and says to the bartender “I’d like a beer and a mop!”.
A guy walks into a bar There was this man who walked into a bar and says to the bartender 10 shots of whiskey. The bartender asks, "What's the matter?" The man says, "I found out my brother is gay and marrying my best friend." The next day the same man comes in and orders 12 shots of whiskey. The bartenders asks, "What's wrong this time?" The man says, "I found out that my son is gay." The next day the same man comes in the bar and orders 15 shots of whiskey. Then the bartender asks, "Doesn't anyone in your family like women?" The man looks up and says, "Apprently my wife does."
A man walks into a bar And loses the limbo contest as a result.
An old Scottish builder walks into a bar. He sits down orders a tall beer, and tells the bartender  You see that fence out back, i built it 10 miles long, all by hand. But do they call me McGregor the fence builder, no  You see that dock out front, i hammered all the post in 14 feet of water sanded the deck boards. But do they call me McGregor the dock builder, no  But you fuck one goat...
A guy walks into a bar When passing two girls he overheard “nine” and told bartender  — hey, these two girls think that I am nine of ten! — sorry to disappoint you, bro, but they are from Germany
An American, an Englishman and an Irishman Walk into a Bar.. Barman: What are you guys having?  American: I'll have a Budweiser  Englishman: I'll have a Carling  Irishman: I'll have a water, seeing as none of us are drinking...
A female sheep walks into a bar with a baby cow and a baby goat Bartender says: Ewe Calf to be Kidding me!
Three paedophiles walk into a bar... To buy red wine to do mass with.
A Man Walks Into a Tattoo Shop Asking for $100 bill on penis A man walks into a tattoo shop and asks to get $100 bill tattooed on his dick.  The tattoo artist is surprised and intrigued by this request.  "Uh, are you sure about this sir?"  "Yes, I'm sure and I'm willing to pay whatever."  "Ok.  May I ask why this particular tattoo in this particular spot?  It's not going to be comfort---"  The man cuts him off and explains again that he is sure and asks how much money is needed.  The two agree on a price and the tattoo artist begins to prep.  He asks the man again before starting if he is sure.  "Yes," he answers, "let's get going."  The tattoo artist begins.  The whole time he can't believe what is happening and why this man would put himself through the pain for a $100 bill on his cock.  After some time the tattoo is complete and it's as perfect as a $100 bill on a penis can look.  The man is pleased with the work and tips the artist well.  "Look, I know I've asked you and asked you, but now that I'm done can you please just tell me why you would go through all this pain and pay the money you did for this tattoo?"  The man sighs and says, "Sure, I suppose I can tell you.  You have been pretty persistent."  "One, I like to play with my money.  Two, I like to watch my money grow.  And, three, the next time my wife wants to blow $100, she can do it at home."
A turtle walks into an airport. He goes to take a seat, and a security guard walks up to him and says, “You’re a turtle; you can’t be in here.”
A robber walks into a bank He proceeds to take all the money and begins to walk out. Before he leaves he turns to a customer lying on the floor and asks, "Did you see me rob this bank?"  "Yes, sir," says the man, to which the robber shoots him.  He turns to another customer and says, "Did you see me rob this bank?"   Thinking quick the man responded, "No, but my wife here saw everything!"
A man named Albert walks into a bar... A man named Albert walks into a bar one Saturday night and sits down for a few drinks. He chats with a few of the patrons, has a small meal, then heads home for the night. The next morning he is awoken suddenly by a knock at the door.  "Knock knock!" says an unknown voice.  "Who's there?" replies Albert.  "It's me, Dave, let me in, we have to get going if we're going to catch our flight" replies the unknown voice.  Albert goes to the door and lets his friend Dave in. The two talk for a minute as they grab their bags and head down to Albert's car. They start making their way to the local airport to catch their flight to Chicago for their good friend's wedding.  As the two are driving to the airport, Dave suddenly shouts out, "Look out!"  Albert swerves suddenly to avoid a small bird walking in front of their car.  "It's a chicken!" exclaims Dave. "Why did that chicken just cross the road?"  "Looks like there's a farm over there" says Albert. "They must not have a fence set up, looks like the chickens just come and go as they please."  The two finally make it to the airport, park their car, and hop on the shuttle to check in for their flight. They make it through baggage and the security check without any issue, sit around for an hour, and finally board their flight. As they are take their seats, a rabbi and a priest board the plane. The two clergymen sit near Albert and Dave. The four men exchange pleasantries and then keep to themselves for the rest of the flight.  The plane lands in Chicago and Dave and Albert grab their bags and take a shuttle over to pick up their rental car. As they board the shuttle, Dave exclaims, "Man, we just sat around flying into Chicago and boy are my arms tired." Overhearing this, the shuttle driver helps Dave lift his bags into the shuttle and they make their way to pick up their rental car.  The two men get their rental car, make their way to the wedding reception, and are greeted by the bride and groom as well as some other friends they haven't seen in a while. The night is going very well for both men, they both find themselves having the time of their lives, Albert even finds himself an attractive woman to dance and chat with all night. As the night continues on, Albert offers to get his date a drink. "You are such a prince Albert! I would love a drink!" says the woman. Albert smiles and makes his way over to the refreshment table. There is a large group of people gathered around the bar so, tired from his long day, turns his attention to a large bowl of punch at the end of the table. To his surprise there is no punch line.
A Roman walks into a bar and asks for a martinus. "You mean martini?" the bartender asks. The Roman replies, "Slow down there! I'll let you know when I want more."
A priest, a rabbi, and a music teacher walk into a bar Teacher: There's a fire at the orphanage we should help! Those kids are in danger!  Rabbi: Fuck the children  Priest: Do you think we'll have time?
A horse walks into a bar and the barman says, "why the long face?" The horse, being a horse and thus incapable of conversation, says nothing and shits on the floor.
A man walks into a bar Ouch
A priest, a rabbi, and a hipster walk into a bar... The hipster says "man, this set-up is soooo played-out. I'm not gonna ruin my cred by staying, so I'm outie 5000." He then gets on his fixed-gear bicycle and rides it home to his loft that he pays for with money from his trust fund. He reads Bukowski by tap light in his futon until he falls asleep. And he lived ironically ever after.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra The barternde loosk up and sees man the, “We’re closde.”  “Okay, I will come back tomrorwo”
7 groups of Italian fashion designers walk into a bar Gucci Gang Gucci Gang Gucci Gang Gucci Gang Gucci Gang Gucci Gang Gucci Gang 
A man walks into a bar The bartender pours a glass of ale.  The man drinks it.   The bartender pours another glass.  The man drinks it.   The bartender without even charging, continues pouring the glasses of ale as they are consumed.  The bartender throws up all over the table.  He's a man.   
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar… It was tense.
A sponge walks into a bar and does not order anything “Are you not going to order anything?” Asks the bartender   The sponge quickly replied   “I’m too holy” 
A quadriplegic walks into a bar... The bartender says, “wait a minute...”
A Russian spy, a sexual predator and a billionaire walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What can I get for you, Mr. President?"
7 groups of Italian fashion designers walk into a bar Gucci Gang Gucci Gang Gucci Gang Gucci Gang Gucci Gang Gucci Gang Gucci Gang
A bartender walks into a bar... A bartender walks into a bar, sets his keys on the counter behind the bar, and before he can even get his bearings, the owner of the bar walks over to him and starts screaming about how he's always late.   The bartender doesn't seem to care, he says 'You know, it doesn't really matter, I'm not hourly, I work for tips. You're not losing anything.'   Owner snarkily says, "Here's a tip, don't be late."   Bartender chuckles and just blurts out something that's been running through his mind for years: "You know what, I've always loved you. Your sense of humor, your smile, everything about you. Let's run away and get married. Tonight."   The owner, having a crush on the bartender and secretly waiting to hear this for years, agrees without hesitation.   They both hastily jump in the owner's car, drive to Vegas, and elope. Neither had much so they decide to throw their old lives away and start anew in a new state.  After many successful years of marriage, the bartender and the owner of the bar, who, by this point, have raised four wonderful children, decide it's time to retire together. They use the money from the sale of the bar and their life savings and move to Barbados.   Four years into retirement, the owner of the bar catches a fever and becomes incredibly ill. Worried about their future together, and wanting to cherish every moment left, the ex-bartender pulls out an ornate wooden lockbox he's had with him since that fateful night in 1972, that night when they threw it all away to live together. The bartender says "You know, love, I've been holding onto this box for forty-six years, inside of it is a token of my unrequited love for you. I want you to have it. The bartender then hands the box to the owner. The owner, weakened by this incredible illness, tugs as hard as possible on the lock... Nothing. Tugs again. Nothing. The owner looks at the bartender....  "Crap, I left my keys on the counter" says the bartender.
A man walks into a bar He tells the bartender, "Give me a beer before the problems start!"  He drinks the beer and orders another saying, "Give me a beer before the problems start!"  This goes on for a while until after the fifth beer the bartender says, "When are you going to pay for these beers?"  He answers, "Now the problems start."
A man walks into a bar and sees a guy with a 12-inch lighter Guy 1 asks: *"That is a big lighter you got there! Where did ya get it?"*  Guy 2 says: *"I rubbed this lamp right here, and a genie granted me a wish"*  Guy 1 goes: *"Cool, let me see it!"*  He rubbed the lamp and out came the genie. The genie tells him he can only have one wish.  Guys 1 wishes: *"I wish for a million bucks!"*  So the genie snaps his fingers and a few seconds later, thousands upon thousands of ducks come swarming into the bar.  Guys 1 says: *"What is this?! I said a million bucks not a million ducks!"*  Guys 2 says: *"Did you really think I asked for a 12-inch Bic?"* 
A limbo champion walks into a bar He's disqualified.
A man walks into a bar, and begins reading the menu overhead the smoking hot bartender. The sign reads as follows:   * Nachos $4   * Hamburger $3   * Hotdog $2   * Grilled Chicken Sandwich $3   * Grilled Cheese $2   * Fries, Onion Rings, and Tater Tots $1.50   * Handjob $10   After he looks over the menu for a moment he asks the bartender, "Are you the one who gives the handjobs?"  "Why yes I am." replies the bartender seductively.  Then says the man, "Wash your hands!  I'd like a hamburger."
Two whales walk into a bar. One goes 'eeeeoouuwwwwweewew!' The other goes 'Fred, you're drunk.'
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. He takes a sip and then tosses the rest into the bartender's face.  "I am sorry!" He sobs."i can't help doing that. It's so embarrassing!"  The bartender feels bad for the guy and gets him to agree to see a psychiatrist. Six months later he's back.   " Are you seeing the psychiatrist?" The bartender asks, handing him the beer.  "Yes, twice a week. He's great," says the man,as he throws his beer into the bartender's face.   "Grate? You just threw another beer in my face".  "True, but now it doesn't embarrass me."                              
A gay man walks into a bar... and says to a man standing up "may i push your stool in?"
So hydroxide, sulfur, sodium, and phosphorus walk into a bar. The bartender yells, "OH SNaP!"
A horse walks into a bar The bartender asks the horse if it's an alcoholic considering all the bars he frequents. The horse replies with "I don't think I am," and disappears from existence.  I would explain the joke, but that would be putting Descartes before the horse.
A man walks into a bar "Ow, they must have lowered this bar for minorities!"       "No, you just suck at limbo Steven." 
A sandwich walks into a bar. What does the bartender say? We don't serve food here.
An Englishman, Scotsmen and Irishman walk into a bar. Sitting in a bar the Scotsman says, "As good as this bar is, I still prefer the pubs back home. In Glasgow, there's a wee place. The landlord goes out of his way for the locals. When you buy four drinks, he'll buy the fifth drink."  "Well," said the Englishman, "At my local in London , the barman will buy you your third drink after you buy the first two."  "Ahhh, dat's nothin'," said the Irishman, "back home in my favorite pub, the moment you set foot in the place, they'll buy you a drink, then another, all the drinks you like, actually. Then, when you've had enough drinks, they'll take you upstairs and see that you gets laid, all on the house!"  The Englishman and Scotsman were suspicious of the claims. The Irishman swore every word was true. Then the Englishman asked, "Did this actually happen to you?"   "Not to me, personally, no," admitted the Irishman, "but it did happen to me sister quite a few times."  Reposted from a comment Credit : u/kushenYT
The past, present, and future walk into a bar It was tense.
Edvard Munch walks into a bar... And the bartender says, "why the long face?"
A dung beatle walks into a bar. Is this stool taken?
A man walks into a bar and notices a beautiful woman sitting alone He calls over a waitress and tells her to send the woman the bar's most expensive champagne.  The woman looks over the champagne then brings it to the man saying, "I can not accept anything from a man unless he has a Mercedes in his garage, $1M in the bank and 7 inches in his pants."  The man is outraged at this woman's demands.  He explains, "I have two Mercedes in my garage, over $2M in the bank, but not even for you would I cut off 2 inches."
Two chemists walk into a bar. The first chemist, who had a major disagreement with the second and knows the second chemist only drink water, says to the bartender, "I'll take some H2O."  The second chemist automatically responds, "I'll take some H2O too."  The bartender shrugs then turns around and promptly gives the first chemist his glass of water, and the second chemist a glass of water too... because the bartender is an adult and can infer meaning from contextual clues. 
A man walks into a bar and asks for 6 rum and cokes Bartender: "no worrys" and serves them up as the man drinks every one down instantly. One, two, three and so on.   Bartender: "woah woah whats the occasion?"   The man replies: "i just had my first blow job"   Bartender: "well congratulations, here have another one on me" and pours another shot.   The man: "eh dont bother, if 6 didnt get rid of the taste i dont think another will."
A tough looking guy walks into a bar with some jumper cables hanging around his neck... ...The bar tender looks at the guy and says, "you can stay, but don't start anything!"
A guy walks into a bar that's still in pre-alpha when he sees another player ... and asks "why the long face?"
A guy walks into a bar He sees some meat hanging off the ceiling. Curious he asks the bartender,  "What's with all the hanging meat?"  Bartender replies, "It's a challenge for the patrons. If you can touch the meat, you win $1000. If you can't, I pluck one of your eyeballs out."  The man looks at the floor, then looks up to the ceiling. He then says,  "I won't do it...the steaks are too high."
A neutron walks into a bar.. A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink. The bartender says, "For you, no charge"
A man walks into a steak house He sees a bunch of meat hanging from the ceiling  He asks the waiter, "What's with the meats?"  The waiter says, "It's a contest we're having, if you jump and reach the meat you eat your meal for free."  "But if you can't reach it, you buy everyone's drinks, care to try?"  "No," he says, "That's very un sanitary, how's is this even legal?"
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says “Oh just a beer”. The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong,why are you so down today?”. The man said “My wife and i got into a fight,and she said she would’nt talk to me for a month”. The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”? The man siad “Well the month is up tonight”.
A man walks into a pub Ok, first he gets hit by a bus, THEN he walks into the pub...
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and says, “Give me a beer before the problems start!”  He drinks the beer and then orders another saying, “Give me a beer before the problems start!”  The bartender looks confused but gives him another beer.  This goes on for a while, and after the fifth beer the bartender is totally confused and asks the man, “When are you going to pay for these beers?”  The man answers, “Now the problems start!”  
100 people walk into a bar The emergency unit was overly busy that night.
A skeleton walks into a bar. He orders a beer and a mop.
A man walks into a bar after a bad car accident. The man had been in a bad car accident and decided to have a couple of shots before going to the hospital. The bartender points out to the man, “Hey bud, there is a steering wheel in your leg. Gonna do something about it?” The man replies, “Yeah. It’s driving me nuts”
A guy walks into a bar "Ouch!"
A horse walks into a bar... Bartender says: “why the long face?”  Horse says: “because I got AIDS “...
Two guys walk into a bar The third one ducks.
A vegetarian walks into a barber shop I would tell you the rest but it’s too quorny.
A mathematician walks into a bar The rest of the joke is trivial and is left to the student as an exercise.
So a blind man walks into a bar... And then a chair, and then a table...
A potato walks into a bar smoking a joint... He puts out the joint and sits at the bar and orders a side of bacon. When it arrives he dumps it on his head.  Then he orders a side of green onions. When it arrives he dumps it on his head.  Then he orders a side of cheddar. When it arrives he dumps it on his head.  Last he orders a side of sour cream. Before the bartender gives it to him he asks, "Hey, I realize you are probably gonna dump this on your head too. But can I ask why?"  The Potato says, "Sure, my wife left me. I wanted to forget about everything so I got baked. That only made me soft, so I came in here to get loaded.
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and orders a drink. While sipping his whiskey he notices a small, gilded box at the end of the bar and inquires about it to the bartender. "You're not quite drunk enough, my friend."   The man thinks it odd but continues to drink. Two more whiskeys later he asks again. "Barkeep! What's in that box at the end of the bar?" Again, the bartender demures, "Sorry buddy. You're not quite there yet."    Two more whiskeys later he is belligerent in his demand. "Barman! What the hell is in that box?" The bartender, seeing the man is not going to let this go replies, "It's a little guy. He plays the piano."   "I've gotta see it!" the man yells and the bartender acquiesces. He opens the box, pulls out a small piano, a small bench and a man, less than a foot tall dressed in a tuxedo. He straightens his tails, flexes his fingers, sits on the bench and begins to play the piano. The patron is astounded.   "Wherever did you find such an amazing man?" He asks.   The bartender replies, "I found a lamp in the alley out back when I was taking out the trash earlier. I bent down and cleaned it up a little when a genie popped out and said he'd grant me one wish. This is what I got."  "What did you do with the lamp?" asked the slightly inebriated man.   "I left it in the alley. I bet it's still there."  The man is up in a flash, out the back door, into the alley. A few moments pass when suddenly a tremendous storm of live ducks comes raging through the bar. They are knocking bottles off the wall, blowing out the windows, crushing through the doors. The rush continues for almost twenty minutes. Finally, a bedraggled, beaten and dirty man stumbles in from the alley and regards the bartender with a look of amazement and disappointment.   "That genie must be hard of hearing! I asked for a billion bucks!"  To which the bartender replied, "Did you think I asked for a nine-inch pianist?"
A doctor, priest, policeman, dog, Christian, comedian, blind man, Rabbi, firefighter, and Amy Schumer walk into a bar. The bartender sighs and says, "My life is a joke."
A man walks into a bar... OUCH, he yelled
A doctor and an engineer walk into a bar. A lawyer passes the bar. 
Two mushrooms walk into a bar and one tells a joke The bartender says "you must be fungi"
A woman walks into a local diner The waiter asks "What can I get for you?"  The woman responds "Do you have anything that is cheap, vegetarian, low in calories, low in sodium, and gluten-free"  "Napkins" retorts the waiter.  The woman, annoyed by his sarcasm, responds "Very funny, but I'm actually looking for something with flavor!"  The waiter pauses for a moment to consider it, but he finally answers "Used napkins"
A man walks into a bar . . .  . . . and says, "Give me a beer before the problems start!"  He drinks the beer and then orders another saying, "Give me a beer before the problems start!"  The bartender looks confused. This goes on for a while, and after the fifth beer the bartender is totally confused and asks the man "When are you going to pay for these beers?"  The man answers, "Now the problems start!"
A priest, a rapist, and a child molester walk into a bar He orders a drink
A naked man walks into a horse bar the bartender says "Hey, why the long penis?"
An old man walks into his doctors office and says Doctor I'm 90 years old and I just got my 25yr old girlfriend pregnant. Well, on Saturday I killed a boar, shooting him with my finger without a shotgun and without rifle!, said the Doctor.  It can not be, someone shot it instead and you did not see it. And there's where I wanted to get old man.
Two guys walk into a bar. Why are they kneeling? It's a US flagpole.
This guy walks into a bar and goes up to a man sitting at the bar. He says, ''I just fucked your mother and I did it in your bed and I fucked her doggie style and I even made her give me a blowjob. What do you think about that?''  The other guy says, ''Shut up Dad, you're drunk again."
4 Zealots, 6 Marines, and 8 Zerglings walk into a bar... The bartender says "What's the rush?"
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office wearing cling-film boxers The psychiatrist says: *"I can clearly see your nuts!"*
A man walks into a bar with the flag of ISIS... The bartender says: "sir, you will not be served carrying around such a terrible object!"  The guy says: "stop treating me differently just because I'm from Europe!"
A man walks into a gun shop and sees that the clerk is a Tyrannosaurus Rex. He asks, "What's with the small arms?"
A woman walks into a bar and asks for a cocktail... The barman responds "Sorry, we've only got hens at the moment".
A man in a trench coat walks into a bar on the top floor of a tall building... He sits at the bar and he orders a double, followed by another, and then another...   Across the bar he notices two gentlemen arguing  back and forth about which one of them is the "bravest"...  The man in the trench coat finishes his third drink and sloshes his way over to the two arguing gentlemen. He says, "Hey fells, I know one way we can settle this... I'll bet you that I can jump out that window and be back before you can finish your drinks. And when I get back, you two will buy me a bottle for my bravery?"  The arguing gentlemen laugh and shake the man's hand, trying to call his bluff... Only to be shocked when he walks over to the window, opens it up and jumps out!  The arguing gentlemen run over to the window in a panic and desperately search the street for what should be a blood splattered spot on the asphalt below, but no such sight is present. As they turn to head back to the bar, the man in the trench coat is seen sitting there picking out the bottle of his choice.  Bewildered and shocked the arguing men pay for the bottle and leave defeated.  The bartender walks over to where the man in the trench coat is sitting and says, "You know, Superman, you can be a real dick when you're drunk."
A blind man walks into a bar... and then a table, and then a chair.
A new guy in town walks into a bar and reads a sign that hangs over the bar… FREE BEER! FREE BEER FOR THE PERSON WHO CAN PASS THE TEST! THE PERSON WHO CAN PASS THE TEST!    So the guy asks the bartender what the test is.   Bartender replies “Well, first you have to drink that whole gallon of pepper tequila, the WHOLE thing at once and you can’t make a face while doing it. Second, there’s a ‘gator out back with a sore tooth…you have to remove it with your bare hands. Third, there’s a woman up-stairs who’s never had an orgasm.   You gotta make things right for her.”    The guy says, “Well, as much as I would love free beer, I won’t do it. You have to be nuts to drink a gallon of pepper tequila and then get crazier from there.   Well, as time goes on and the man drinks a few, he asks, “Wherez zat teeqeelah?”   He grabs the gallon of tequilla with both hands, and downs it with a big slurp and tears streaming down his face.    Next, he staggers out back and soon all the people inside hear the most frightening roaring and thumping, then silence.    The man staggers back into the bar, his shirt ripped and big scratches all over his body.   “Now” he says “Where’s that woman with the sore tooth?”﻿
A set of jumper cables walks into a bar The bartender says "I'll serve you, but don't start anything!"
A Korean kid walks into class with no homework. "Where is your homework, little Wu-Chan-Le?" asks the teacher.  "My dog ate it," he replied. "Then my dad ate the dog."
A man walks into a zoo. There he sees only a dog.  What a shitzu!
A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder.... The bartender looks in amazement and says, "how awesome! Where did you get that!?" Suddenly the parrot looks up and says, "Oh him? Africa, there are millions of them there..."
Three guys walk into a bar... The fourth guy ducked. 
The President's son, son-in-law, campaign manager, and a Russian lawyer walk into a bar… finish that one for me, will ya
A tourist walks into a bar. He asks for an Irishman named Seamus. The bartender points to an old man in the back, staring out the window and nursing a pint.  The tourist takes a seat next to Seamus. "Is it true, what they say about you?" He offers the old man a fresh pint.  Seamus smiles at the man, then curls back up into a scowl. "Me bucko," he says, "Do ye see that fence out there? On O'Mally's farm?"  The tourist nods.  "That fence," Seamus continues, "had to completely encircle 48 acres of land. I built it all by meself, with only a hammer and me bare hands. All through the summer and all through the winter, I worked on that damn fence. Never asked for a penny in return, either. But they don't call me 'Seamus the fence builder.'"  Seamus gulps his pint, and wipes the foam off his beard. "Do you see that football, boyo? On the mantle?"  The tourist nods.  "Forty years ago, I kicked that ball right into Liverpool's net. Won the game for our entire team. It was the proudest moment in Irish football history. But they don't call me 'Seamus the Footballer.'"  Seamus points to the floor. "You see that bear-skin rug?"  The tourist nods, again.  "If you look closely, you can still see where I stabbed 'im with a bottle opener. Tracked that monster for thirty days and thirty nights all through the countryside. He had me dead to rights near the end, but ol' Seamus got the last laugh. But aye... They don't call me 'Seamus the bear-hunter.' No..."  Seamus stands up, and stares out the window. "But you fuck *one* goat..."
A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers And says "I'll have five beers, please."
A giraffe walks into a bar And shouts "highballs are on me!" 
So a ham and cheese sandwich walks into a bar And the bar tender says "Sorry mate, we don't serve food"
A cow, a pig and a chicken walk into a bar The bartender says "fellas, this isn't a protein bar."
A man walks into a library and orders fish and chips. The librarian says, "this is a library."  The man, says, "oh. Sorry." (Then in a whisper) "I'd like some fish and chips."
A man walks into a brothel with a honeycomb and a jackass  Woman: What can we do for you?  Man: I need a woman to lay with, for mine has left me.  Woman: Whatever for? And what's with the honeycomb and the mule?  Man: My woman found a genie in a bottle, and he granted her three wishes. The first was for a house fit for a queen, so he gave her this damn honeycomb. The second wish was that she have the nicest ass in all the land, so he gave her this damn donkey...  Woman:And what about the third wish?  Man: Well... she asked the genie to make my dick hang down past my knee.  Woman: Well that one's not so bad eh?  Man: Not so bad!? I used to be six foot three!
A well-endowed man walks into a bar The bartender yells, "I can't hear you from there!"
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks, “Why the long face?” “I was born into servitude, and when I die, my feet will be turned into glue,” replied the horse.  The bartender realized he would not be getting a tip.
Horse walks into a bar Bartender: “Why the long face?”
An old man walks into a town and sees a kid sitting on the sidewalk "Son, you're the laziest kid I've ever seen in my entire life"  The kid just shrugs and the old man goes:  "I'll give you $10 to prove you're not just a lazy waste of space"  The kid says: "Put them in my pocket"
A pillow walks into a bar bar guy say F U C C out my bar pillow say no i stay in bar get free ipod nano, bar guy say i don't give away free ipod nano, pillow fucc u mean guy in bar, bar man say fucc i mean fucc you mean, pillow not talk pillow not live pillow suffer in silence because pillow not talk about suffer  Edit: think about pillow now hard penis and want sex rub lotion on testicle
A priest, a paedophile and a rapist walk into a bar. And that was just the first guy. 
Two men walk into a bar named, "Our/Jokes" The first man makes a funny joke, and few people laugh.   The second man makes the same exact joke, and EVERYONE laughs.   The first man throws a fit and storms out.   The first man glanced back at the sign as he was walking away and thought,    "Man, they really need to get the O and U fixed."
Two lumps of concrete walk into a busy bar... They see some chairs next to a lump of tarmac, and the one goes over to sit when the other grabs him saying:   "Dude, don't sit next to him.. he's a cycle-path"
A man walks into a bar and yells: WHO PUT THIS HERE? 
A guy and his pet window walk into a bar After a few drinks the two decide to leave. But before they head out the bartender reminds them that they still have to pay. So the guy stuffs 20 bucks in the window sill and the bartender scoffs and says: "What, is the window pane?"
I man walks into a bar with a fish. He then walks to the bar and starts talking to the barman. The man claims that his fish can play the most amazing piano pieces, and could make everyone who listened cry. The barman didn't believe him, so the man asks for a wager. If the fish could play the piano, he would get a free drink. The barman agreed, and the man went over to the piano. He took the fish out, which promptly played the most amazing music. Everyone in the bar went silent, and when the fish had finished most of them were in tears. The man went over to the barman which was amazed! He gave him his free drink, and when he had finished, the man says to the barman that he also has a frog which can sing magnificent songs. He again wagers the barman that if his frog can sing, he can have free drink. He then takes a frog out of his pocket, puts it on a stool, and the frog starts to sing. The song is marvellous, and everyone in the bar again stops and listens to the song. And again, the man walks over to the barman for his drink. But before he can reach the bar, a man approaches him offering to buy the frog for £500. The barman shouts out in horror that he could make millions from the frog, and its worth at least a thousand times that. The man ignores him and sells the frog. He walks over to the bar with his money and starts to drink his drink. The barman-in shock-asks him why he sold the frog for such little money! The man replied "The fish is a ventriloquist".
A pirate walks into a bar..... with a peg leg, a parrot on his shoulder, and a steering wheel on his pants.  The bartender says, "Hey, you've got a steering wheel on your pants."  The pirate says, "Arrrr, I know. It''s driving me nuts."   
A Russian lawyer, an ex spy and the presidents son walk into a bar... ... and talk about adoption.
A bear walks into a bar A bear walks into a bar and sits down.  He says to the bartender, "I'd like a glass of...         water."  The bartender says "what's with the big pause?"
A man and an ostrich walk into a restaurant The waitress comes to take their order. The man says, "I'll have a burger and fries." The ostrich says, "I'll have the same." After the meal, the waitress tells the man the total is $18.56. The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out the exact amount without looking and hands it to the waitress.  The man and the ostrich return to the restaurant the next day. This time the man orders a steak. The ostrich says, "I'll have the same." The waitress tells him the total is $25.62. Again the man reaches into his pocket and pulls out the exact amount without looking.  The waitress says, "Okay, how are you getting the exact amount without looking?"  The man explains, "I met a genie who would grant me two wishes. My first wish was to be able to get the exact amount of money I need for anything by reaching in my pocket, whether a big or small purchase."  The waitress says, "That's genius, that way you'll never run out of money! What was your second wish?"  The man sighs and says, "I wished for a tall chick with long legs who agrees with everything I say."
A pirate walks into a bar The bartender says "Hey, you have a steering wheel in your pants."  "Aye," the pirate replies. "It's drivin' me nuts!"
A Roman soldier walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says "I'll have five beers please"
A guy walks into a bar... A guy comes into a bar with a crocodile and says "I'm going to put my most valuable body part into the mouth of this animal, close it, open it again and nothing will have happened to me. I'll do it for a few pennies. Who's in?"  Some people fork over the money and the guy does exactly what he said: He puts his, you know, into the crocodile's mouth, closes it, hits the crocodile over the head with a bottle, the crocodile opens its mouth and the guy is totally fine.  "Anybody wanna try?" He asks into the room.   Silence.   After a minute or two, a woman comes up to the guy and says  "Ok, I'll do it, but only if you don't hit me over the head with a bottle!"
A german walks into a bar unconscious
A blowtorch walks into a bar The bartender screams and switches it off
Rene Descartes walks into an empty room... After some time he remarks, “Is it solipsistic in here, or is it just me?”
A polar bear walks into a bar. The bartender asks what he'll have.   The bear says "I guess I'll have a................beer."  The bartender asks "Why the big pause?"  The polar shrugs. "I don't know, I was born with 'em." 
So a French guy walks into a bar He hated it there so he started a revolution.
A Russian, a German and an American walk into a bar... I ducked.
A man walks into a bar He says “Ow!”
Arial, Papyrus and Comic Sans walk into a bar and the bartender says Hey, we don't serve your type here
An anti-semitic man walks into a bar. In the corner of the bar, there is a man who is wearing a golden necklace with a Jewish Star, which the man takes notice of.  &amp;#x200B;  He says, "I hate all goddamn jews. I'm going to buy a drink for everyone in this bar, except for that jew in the corner there."  &amp;#x200B;  Everyone cheers, because free drink, right?  The man saw that the jew cheered too. "Why are you cheering? I'm not buying you a drink."  &amp;#x200B;  The jew says, "Oh, I know."     The man decides that he's just a dumb jew, and says "You know what? I'm going to buy another drink for everyone except that dumbass jew."  &amp;#x200B;  And another round, and another, and another. But the jew is looking perfectly cordial.  &amp;#x200B;  The man goes up to the bartender, and says "What the hell is wrong with that jew? I've been buying everyone a drink except for him, he should be fuming!"  &amp;#x200B;  The bartender says, "Normally, yes. But Mr. Bernstein owns the bar."
Walks Into a Bar... Taxidermy  A Yankee walks into a bar in Alabama and orders a cosmopolitan. The bartender looks at the man and says, "You're not from 'round here are ya?"     "No" replies the man, "I'm from New Hampshire." The bartender looks at him and says, "Well what do you do in New Hampshire?"     "I'm a taxidermist," says the man. The bartender looks bewildered, so the man explains, "I mount dead animals."     The bartender stands back and hollers to the whole bar, "It's OK, boys! He's one of us!"
A pirate walks into a bar... .. with a ship's steering wheel stuck to the front of his pants.  The bartender asks, "Hey, doesn't that hurt?"  "Aye, it's drivin' me nuts!"
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink. The bartender says, For you? No charge.
A cheese sandwich walks into a bar. The bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve food."
A termite walks into a bar.... And asks “is the bar tender here?” 
An idiot walks into a bar and overhears the patrons in an excited hoo-hah over which among them was the luckiest.    One among them quieted all to say, "I met a beautiful woman last night!  Within hours, I took her back to my home and we did the nasty like old chums!"    The crowd applauded and agreed he was luckiest until another protested, "Ain't nothing!  My grandpa I haven't met since I was a wee man.  The old bugger, bless his soul, just won the lottery, croaked and left the fortune to me!"  The crowd decided this latter man was luckiest!  However, the idiot had to interrupt saying, "Fine.  Fine.  Good.  But I'm the luckiest person on God's green earth.  Yes I am.  I'm six months at a new job and I haven't been impeached."
Hitler Walks Into a Bar and Then He Says "I Would Want Orange Jews" "That Would Be 45$" says The Bartender
A priest, a doctor and an engineer walk into a bar.. .. The bartender glances at them as they enter the door and starts pouring drinks. Before they reach the counter their preferred drinks are ready for them. The engineer asks the bartender "How did you know what drinks we wanted?". The bartender mumbles "Repost from yesterday"
A guy walks into a cafe and orders a coffee to go The coffee gets up and leaves
I walk into a bar I down four glasses of brown liquid in less than an hour.  I see a pretty girl, and we dance for 30 minutes.  Tired, I leave, get into my car, and drive home.  Unfortunately, a police officer pulled me over. He breathalyzes me, and it reads 0.0.  How? Coca Cola.
A trash panda walks into a bar Some of those want to kill him, some to keep him and others want to post about it on Reddit.
What nationality are you when you walk into the bathroom? Russian.   What nationality are you while you're in the bathroom?   European.   What nationality are you when you walk out of the bathroom?   Finish.
A really old rich guy walks into the doctors Along with him is his trophy wife, about 60 years his junior. She tells the doctor she's been feeling a bit sick in the morning. The doctor runs some tests on her and is surprised when he sees the results... She's pregnant.   The old guy can't believe it. Despite pushing 90 he jumps out of his seat.  "I'm going to be a dad?! Finally!! It's a miracle!"  The doctor pauses for a second and says  "Hang on. Whys it a miracle?" "Well. I've been married 8 times now and not a one of them was able to bear me a child. The doctors told me I was infertile but that can't be!"  The doctor pauses, then asks the old guy  "Did you ever do any hunting when you were younger?" "Why... yes I did actually. What's that got to do with anything?" "Well... say you were out hunting with some buddies in Canada, and you came across some beavers. Now imagine you and the other hunters unload on them. One drops, but you notice that you hadn't put any ammo in your gun. What happened?" ".... Well it sounds like some other fella has shot his load into that beaver"
A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder... He walks up to the counter and asks for a drink.  The bartender then goes "hey, where did you find him."   The parrot then responds, "BAWK, AFRICA. THERES THOUSANDS OF THEM."
Everyday a doctor walks into a bar to chat and drink with the bartender named Dick. Every time the doctor enters he gets an almond daiquiri.  One day dick ran out of almonds and used hickory.  Doctor: Is this an almond daiquiri Dick?  Dick: No, it's a hickory daiquiri Doc.
A priest, a rabbi, and a duck walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
Man walks into a pet shop... Man walks into a pet shop and says to the woman behind the counter, "I want to buy a bee". She reply "we don't sell bees", he says, "well you've got one in the window". 
A man walks into a bear. He died because it was a freaking bear.
A vegan, a med student, and a bitcoin trader walk into a bar Who tells you about it first? 
A refrigerant walks into a bar... The bartender asks, “how’s it going there partner?”  The refrigerant answers, “well, not going so well, you see back when I was just a wee lad I always wanted to be so much more.  I knew my life was being wasted on the mundane activities of day to day life.  Then when I turned 5, I started....”           **the bartender interrupts**  “buddy I’m sorry can you speed it up?  I’ve got customers to serve…”  “I’m sorry I can’t, bad things happen when I condense”  
A man walks into.. A man walks into a smoke shop, and notices a jar of loosies on the counter. “My god!” He says, “I didn’t know they still sold them like that. How much are they?”   The cashier hesitates a moment, and then tells the customer that he doesn’t know. It’s his first day on the job, see, and the manager must’ve forgot to tell him. So the customer browses a bit, decides not to get anything, and walks out.  The manager comes out as the guys leaving, and tells the cashier: “I overhead a bit of your conversation there, and that the customer seemed pretty interested in the loosies. Why didn’t you sell him one?” So the cashier tells him, and the manager reminds the cashier: “you’re supposed to tell him ‘for you, good sir, only twenty-nine cents.’”  So the manager steps into the office and soon enough, another customer walks in. Knowing his manager might be able to hear him, the cashier wants to make a good impression. So he starts right out with, “good sir! Would you like to try one of our loose camels? They’re only twenty-nine cents! For you, anyway, good sir.”   The customer looks skeptically at the cashier, and asks, “well, are they fresh?”  The cashier freezes up. Eventually, he replies, “well, I don’t actually know, see, it’s my first day and my manager must have forgotten to tell me.”   So this customer, too, leaves empty handed. Soon after, the manager comes out: “what happened that time? You chased him off! Don’t jump the gun. Relax. And if anyone else asks if they’re fresh, you say “you bet your ass.”   Once again the manager leaves, and for a while it stays quiet. Then a pretty young thing walks in. He can’t believe she’s old enough to smoke. “Hey,” she says. “hello,” He replies. “Would you like to try one of our loose camels? They’re only twenty-nine cents.”   “Hmmm....” she puts a finger to her lips, “i think I’m feeling loose enough already.” She tips him a wink. “How fresh are those pipes?”   “Oh! Um, they’re, um, you bet your ass they’re fresh.” He grins.  “Mmm. Good. Now really sell me on it, baby. Tell me....” she lowers her voice to a whisper “...should I really... suck one down? What do you think?”  The cashier considers for a moment, and replies, “well... it would certainly make my day, I haven’t made a sale yet. And assuming you don’t care about the carcinogens or the increased potential for yellow teeth, I’ll just need to see your id and... hey! Where are you going?” The girl walked out.  It’s quiet for a bit until the manager returns, and he asks if the cashier had any business. He tells the manager that one girl came in but didn’t end up getting anything. As he tries to explain the story, the manager tells him, “if anyone comes in here and asks if they should smoke something from my store, tell them, ‘you’d better, or somebody else will!’ Oh. And quit fantasizing on company time!”  By this point the cashier is determined to make a sale, whatever it takes. He goes over the manager’s lines again and again in preparation for the next customer.  After a long  while, a customer enters wearing a ski mask. He pulls out a handgun and points it at the cashier. The cashier tenses up. “Hey! Stay loose!” Cries the robber. “How much you got in the cash register?”   Cashier: “Uh... loose. Right. Twenty-nine cents.”   Robber *cocks gun*: “are you really being fresh with me right now?”   Cashier: “you bet your ass!”  Robber: “man, do you /want/ me to smoke you?”   Cashier: “you’d better, or somebody else will!”             
Guy walks into a bar and orders a fruit punch Bartender says  “Man if you want punch you have to stand in line.” Guy looks around but there is no punchline
A koala bear walks into a whorehouse...      A koala bear walks into a whorehouse, and does his thing with the prostitute. Afterwards, the prostitute demands her payment. The koala bear simply shrugs, shakes his head, then walks out.       On the second day, the koala bear does his thing with the prostitute, and she says, “Now you have to pay me for today and yesterday. It’s now 100 dollars.” The koala bear shrugs, shakes his head, then leaves.       On the third day, the koala bear walks in to see the prostitute holding a dictionary. She points to prostitute and says, “Prostitute: someone who performs sexual actions FOR MONEY.” The koala bear then takes the dictionary, flips back to koala and says, “Koala bear: an animal that eats bush and leaves.”
A cocktail walks into a bar and orders a drink The bartender refused and said, "Sorry, we only serve neat drinks."
The Past, Present and Future walk into a bar. It was tense.
The past, the present and the future walk into a bar... It was tense.
A man walks into his bedroom holding a pig... Then he says "Do you see this disgusting pig I have to fuck?  His wife, rather shocked says "Nobody says you have to fuck that pig."  The man replies "I wasn't talking to you."
Two condoms walk into a gay bar... One looks to the other and says, "Welp, looks like we're getting shit-faced"
A nun walks into Hooters... [NSFW] A nun, badly needing to use the restroom, walks into Hooters. The place was buzzing with music and conversation, and every once in a while the lights would go out. Each time the lights would go out the place would erupt into cheers, however when the revelers saw the nun the place went dead silent. She walked up to the bartender and said "may I please use the restroom?" the bartender replied "sure, but I should warn you there's a statue of a man in there wearing only a fig leaf." "Well in the case I shall look the other way" the nun said, so the bartender showed the nun the way to the back of the restaurant. After a few minutes she came back out and the whole place erupted into a round of applause. She went to the bartender and said "sir, I don't understand, why did the give me a round of applause just for coming out of the restroom?" "Well, now they know you're one of us" said the bartender with a wink "would you like a drink?" "No thank you. But I still don't understand" said the puzzled nun. "You see" the bartender laughed "every time someone lifts the fig leaf on that statue, the lights go out." 
A chemist walks into a bar... And sees NaCl being beaten up. He asks, "Is that ionic compound being attacked?" The bartender replies, "No, it's a salt"
Three logicians walk into a bar... The bartender asks, "Do all of you want drinks?" The first logician says, "I don't know." The second logician says, "I don't know." The third logician says, "Yes."
A tired old joke walks into a bar He sees Jesus, a Rabbi, the Lone Ranger, a three-legged dog, a bear, and three blondes. They look at him hopefully, but he ignores them.   He finds a free stool and sits down.  "What'll you have?" asks the bartender.  "Oh, I don't know," says the tired old joke.  "Surprise me." 
An atom walks into a bar An atom walks into a bar with his atom friend. 1st atom said: I think I lost an electron, the 2nd atom replied: Are you possitive?
Pirate walks into a bar.... With a steering wheel attached to his crotch. Bartender looks at him and asks, “what’s with the steering wheel?”  The pirate replies “arrrrhhhhh it’s drivin me nuts”.
Another guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a drink, and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything behind the bar. Then the monkey jumps on to the pool table and swallows a billiard ball.  The bartender screams at the guy, "Your monkey just ate the cue ball off my pool table -- whole!"  "Sorry," replied the guy. "He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I'll pay for everything."  The man finishes his drink, pays and leaves.  Two weeks later, he's in the bar with his pet monkey, again. He orders a drink, and the monkey starts running around the bar. The monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his ass, pulls it out and eats it.  The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks.  "Yeah," replies the guy. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures stuff first."
An Australian ventriloquist visiting Afghanistan, walks into a small village and sees a local sitting on his porch patting his dog. He figures he'll have a little fun, so he says to the villager "can I talk to your dog?"  Villager: "The dog doesn't talk, you stupid Aussie."  Ventriloquist: "Hello dog, how's it going mate?"  Dog: "Doin' all right."  Villager: (look of extreme shock)  Ventriloquist: "Is this villager your owner?" (pointing at the villager)  Dog: "Yep"  Ventriloquist: "How does he treat you?"  Dog: "Real good. He walks me twice a day, feeds me great food and takes me to the lake once a week to play."  Villager: (look of utter disbelief)  Ventriloquist: "Mind if I talk to your horse?"  Villager: "Uh, the horse doesn't talk either....I think."  Ventriloquist: "Hey horse, how's it going?"  Horse: "Cool"  Villager: (absolutely dumbfounded)  Ventriloquist: "Is this your owner?" (pointing at the villager)  Horse: "Yep"  Ventriloquist: "How does he treat you?"  Horse: "Pretty good, thanks for asking. He rides me regularly, brushes me down often and keeps me in the barn to protect me from the elements."  Villager: (total look of amazement)  Ventriloquist: "Mind if I talk to your goat?"  Villager: (in a panic) "The goat's a liar!"
A man walks into a bear The bear says "unfortunate typo" and eats him
Mike Pence Walks Into a Bar He walks up to a group of women and says, "Hey ladies, wanna get out of here?"  The girls look befuddled. One of them says "Excuse me Mr. Pence, as vice president and as a married man, isn't it inappropriate to hit on a group of women like this?"  To which Pence replied "I wasn't hitting on you. Either you go or I'm not allowed to stay."
"Get the heck out of here," yells the father as he walks into his daughter having sex with her BF. "No," replies the daughter, "his name is Richard."
An atheist, a vegan, and a CrossFitter walk into a bar... I only know because they told everyone within 2 minutes. 
A duck walks into a bar... ... and walks up to the bartender to order a pint of lager and a ham and cheese sandwich. The bartender is flabbergasted to see a talking duck, but then quickly proceeds to pour the duck his drink and fetch his sandwich after seeing him get impatient   A few weeks pass and the duck becomes quite the local in the pub ordering the same pint of lager and ham and cheese sandwich. He gets friendly with the bartender and during some small talk the bartender asks what the duck does for a living. The duck explains how he is a plasterer and how work is often quite short round this area.   One day, the circus comes into town and the circus-master comes in for a pint. He gets chatting to the bartender and the bartender suddenly remembers about this talking duck.  “I’ve got a great act for you” said the bartender  “Really? Here is my card, give it to the duck when he next walks in”  The circus master leaves a big tip and leaves the bar   The next day the duck walks in for his usual, but this time the bartender talks to the duck about a new job offer   “I’ve got a fantastic job offer for you” said the bartender  “Oh great! I’m always looking for work” said the duck. “Where is it?”  “The circus!”  “The circus? Where they perform in those great big tents?”  “Yep that’s the one” said the bartender   “Where they all live in caravans?” Said the duck, confused   “You bet”   “Well why the hell would they want a plasterer?”    
Irish-man and Scot-man walk into a pub... As they walk through the front door, the Scot walks in first. "A round of drinks for the whole house.  I'm buying".  The next day, the lead article in the local paper read:  "Irish ventriloquist found beaten to death behind local pub". 
A comedian walks into a bar A comedian walks into a bar and sees a beautiful woman. Being charismatic and clever with words, he goes up to her and starts talking. They hit it off and are getting along well. Eventually, he brings up that he is a comedian.  "Ah," she says, "then could you tell me a joke?"  "But telling jokes is my job," he replies. "So you asking me to tell you a joke would be like me soliciting you for whatever it is you do for a living."  The woman blushes a little bit. "Well, I'm actually a prostitute."  The comedian is a bit taken aback, but after only a moment's hesitation he begins:  "So a man walks onto a bus and sees this beautiful nun..."
A piece of string walks into a bar The bartender says “We don’t serve string here, get out of my bar.” The string goes outside, rubs itself on the ground, twists itself up, and goes back inside. The bartender says, “Aren’t you that piece of string I just kicked out?” The string replies, “No sir. I’m a frayed knot.”
An American walks into an Irish bar. While on vacation, an American walks into an Irish pub and orders a drink. After a minute he says out loud, "I'll bet anyone in here $1,000 if they can take 10 shots of Jameson in a row, without stopping or vomiting." The bar gets quiet except for one man who gets up and walks out. The American laughs and continues to finish his drink. No more than 5 minutes pass, when the Irish man who left earlier, walks back into the pub and says, " I'd like to take ye challenge." The American laughs, buys the 10 shots for the Irish man and shows him the cash. Quickly the Irishman slams all 10 shots with ease. Astondished, but a man of his word the American gives the Irish man the $1,000 and says, "I just have one question, where the hell did you go?" The Irish man laughs and says, "Oh Aye jus went to the pub across the street to see if aye could do it."
A pizza slice walks into a bar asking for a drink The bartender says:  "Sorry, we don't serve food here"
Two men walk into a bar, what do they get? Concussions
A woman with enormous jugs walks into a bar Bartender: Thanks for bringing my jugs back.
A man walks into a bar Then, he gets told that he's terrible at limbo.
A DUCK walks into a PUB and orders a pint of BEER and a HAM sandwich The barman looks at him and says, “Hang on! You’re a duck.” “Yep,” replies the duck. “And you can talk!” exclaims the barman.  “Yep again”, says the duck, “Now if you don’t mind, can I have my beer and my sandwich please?” “Certainly, sorry about that”, says the barman as he pulls the duck’s pint. “It’s just we don’t get many ducks in this pub. What are you doing round this way?” “I’m working on the building site across the road,”explains the duck. “I’m a plasterer.”  The flabbergasted barman cannot believe the duck and wants to learn more, but takes the hint when the duck pulls out a newspaper from his bag and proceeds to read it. So, the duck reads his paper, drinks his beer, eats his sandwich, bids the barman good day and leaves. The same thing happens for two weeks. Then one day the circus comes to town. The ringmaster comes into the pub for a pint and the barman says to him, “You’re with the circus, aren’t you? Well, I know this duck that could be just brilliant in your circus. He talks, drinks beer, eats sandwiches, reads the newspaper and everything!”  “Sounds marvellous,” says the ringmaster, handing over his business card. “Get him to give me a call.” So the next day when the duck comes into the pub the barman says, “Hey Mr. Duck, I reckon I can line you up with a top job, paying really good money.” “I’m always looking for the next job,” Says the duck. “Where is it?” “At the circus,” Says the barman. “The circus?” Repeats the duck. “That’s right,” replies the barman. “The circus?” The duck asks again, “with the big tent?” “Yeah,” the barman replies. “With all the animals who live in cages, and performers who live in caravans?” says the duck.  “Of course,” the barman replies. “And the tent has canvas sides and a big canvas roof with a hole in the middle?” persists the duck. “That’s right!” says the barman. The duck shakes his head in amazement, and says, "What the fuck would they want with a plasterer?"
An atheist, a vegan, and a crossfitter walk into a bar... I only know because they told everyone within two minutes.
Another Swedish Joke: A man walks into a chemist in Stockholm... A man walks into a chemist in Stockholm.  He says: 'I would like to buy some deodorant please'.  The chemist says: 'Certainly, sir. Ball or aerosol?'  The man says: 'Neither. It's for my armpits'.  Bjoom-Bjoom!
Past, present and future walk into a bar It was tense
A blind man walks into a bar And a table and a wall
Asian John Wick walks into a bar He eats, shoots, and Reeves.
A pirate walks into a bar with a towel on his head. The bartender asks what is up with the towel?  The pirate says :   ARRRR there be a bounty on me head.
A Crusader Walks Into A Bar The bartender walks up and asks him "What will you take?"  Crusader: "JERUSALEM"
A racist, an adulterer, and a criminal walk into a bar... The bartender asks, "What can I get you Mr. President"?
A serf walks into a tavern He stands on a table and shouts, “One day, I’m going to become a knight and compete in the grand tournaments!” The crowd cheered for him but soon went quiet, the silence broken by another peasant, “Don’t even try. It’s feudal.”
This guy walks into a bar, and asks the bartender for triple boilermaker. Then he asks for another.   After a couple more drinks, the bartender asks, ”What’s the matter?”   ”My wife and I got into a fight, and she she said she wouldn't talk to me for a whole month.”   The bartender thought about it for a while, and said, “don't worry; it will be over before you know it.”   The guy replied, ”I know. This is the last night!”
A pirate walks into a bar with steering wheel in his crotch... The bartender asks, “Hey man, what’s with the wheel?”  The pirate says, “Arrrgh. It’s driving me nuts.”
A guy walks into a bar. He gets a 168.   As a result, as an adult,   he'll be the best in the state.
A duck walks into a bar... ...flaps itself onto a stool in front of the bartender and says, "Got any bread?" The bartender looks at the duck and replies, "Fraid not, can I get you something else?" The duck says, "Got any bread?" the barman stares at the duck for a second and replies, "No mate, we don't have any bread" The duck says, "Got any bread?" The barman loudly replies, "No we don't" The duck says, "Got any bread?" So the barman yells at the top of his voice,"NO, WE'VE GOT NO FUCKING BREAD AND IF YOU ASK AGAIN I'll NAIL YOUR FUCKING BEAK TO THE BAR" The duck, looking slightly aghast, asks, "Got any nails? The barman, in a much lower voice replies, "No we don't have any nails" So the duck says, "Got any bread?". 
A sheriff walks into a saloon, and shouts for everyone's attention.  "Has anyone seen Brown Paper Jake?", he asks.  "What's he look like?", asks one shoddy looking cowboy.  "Well", replies the Sheriff. "He wears a brown paper hat,a brown paper waistcoat, a brown paper shirt, brown paperboots, brown paper pants, and a brown paper jacket."  "So what's he wanted for?", asks the same cowboy.  "Rustlin'..."
A vegan walks into a bar We know this because he told everyone in the bar he was a vegan. 
A man walks into a bar holding a paper bag... ...and asks the bartender for a drink. The bartender eyes the bag curiously as he finishes up filling the man’s cup. As he comes back to the table, his curiosity gets the better of him and he asks the man, “what’s in the bag?”   Wordlessly, the man pulls out a small grand piano, a small piano bench, and a twelve inch man. He props them up on the table and the tiny man begins to play a very challenging piece composed by Mozart. It is so good, that everyone in the bar stops their conversations to listen to the man playing the miniature grand piano   When the tiny man finished his piece, everyone in the bar applauded him and the bartenders’ jaw is on the floor. “Where did you get that?” He asks the man.   The man reaches back down into the bag and pulls out an ordinary-looking frog with a top hat. “This frog will grant you one wish, but be careful, he’s a little-“  “I WISH FOR A MILLION BUCKS!” The bartender shouts over the man enthusiastically. Nothing happens for a few moments, until a duck walks into the bar.  More and more ducks follow, and soon enough the bar is filled to the brim with ducks. Still, more ducks file on in. They piled on top of each other, until the bartender was waist-deep in ducks. The air filled with feathers and poop lined the floors. The sudden appearance of ducks everywhere was so bad for business, that everyone simultaneously got up and left.  The bartender was obviously upset, and told the man over the quacking or ducks, “you know, I think your frog is a little deaf. I asked it for a million BUCKS, not a million DUCKS!”  The man looked at him, square in the face and replied, “do you really think I asked for a twelve inch pianist?”  
A blind man walks into a bar... And a chair. And a table. 
2 Monocles walk into a bar The new bartender can tell that they are already well on their way to intoxication but obliges them anyway when they order 2 shots.  As the night goes on they continue to get drunker and drunker and their behaviour becomes obnoxious. From loud arguments to inappropriate comments to women and even falling off their own chairs, the 2 monocles are really starting to make a scene.  The bartender decides it is time to cut them off but before he can tell them a song comes on the jukebox and both monocles jump up excitedly and hit the dance floor. They sing loudly to their favourite song while spinning in a circle until they collapse on the ground with both of their chains wrapped together in a tangled mess.  The bouncer sees this scene and immediately begins trying to seperate the pair but the chain is far too tangled so he throws them both out together into the gutter. One monocle is throwing up into the gutter while the other is crying and babbling incoherently.  The frustrated bouncer yells at the two wrapped together lenses “That’s it! You two are banned! Every time you come here you end up making a drunken spectacle of yourselves!”
Five men walk into a bar Shittest game of limbo I've ever seen.
A blind man walks into a bar And the chair and the table and the barista
A guy walks into a lumberyard and asks for some two-by-fours. The clerk asks, "How long do you need them?" The guy answers, "A long time. We're gonna build a house."
A duck walks into a bar A duck walks into a bar and he says to the bartender,   “give me a drink.”  The bartender says “which drink we have like 80 different drinks”  The duck says “Just put it on my bill”  The bartender looks at the duck and says, “I still don’t know what drink you want.”
A corn walks into a bar... And it says to the bartender:  "Hey, wanna hear a joke?"  The bartender agrees. The corn then asks:  "What did the traffic light say to the car?"  The bartender then says: "What?"  The corn says: "DON'T LOOK! I'M CHANGING!"  The bartender shakes his head in disappointment and says:  "Didn’t know what I was expecting."
A Pig Walks Into A Bar... He takes a seat and orders a beer.  After he drinks it, he asks the bartender where the restroom is. "Down the hall to the right," the bartender replies.  The pig uses the restroom and leaves.  &amp;#x200B;  A few minutes later another pig comes into the bar and orders two beers.  He finishes them and asks the bartender where the restroom is. "Down the hall to the right," the bartender replies.  The pig uses the restroom and leaves.  &amp;#x200B;  A short time later a third pig shows up.  He orders three beers.  After drinking them he asks the bartender where the restroom is. "Down the hall to the right," the bartender replies.  The pig uses the restroom and leaves.  &amp;#x200B;  After a while, a forth pig enters the bar.  Sensing a pattern, the bartender asks, "Let me guess, you want four beers?" "That's right," replies the pig.  When the pig has finished all four beers he asks the bartender where the restroom is.  "Down the hall to the right," the bartender answers once again.  The pig uses the restroom and heads for the exit.  &amp;#x200B;  Right as the fourth pig is leaving, a fifth pig enters the bar.  "Gimmie five beers," says the pig. The bartender had already begun filling the glasses.  The pig works his way through the five beers, gets up and walks toward the exit.  "Don't you want to use the restroom first?" asks the bartender.  "Nah," says the pig, "I'm the one that goes wee, wee, wee all the way home"  &amp;#x200B;
A man walks into a bar and orders a Whiskey... The bartender serves the whiskey and all of a sudden a monkey appears running all across the bar jumps and lands with his testicles in the whiskey and smiles to the man.  The man, confused, asks to the bartender...  -What the hell is this?  -Oh, ask the piano player, it is his monkey  So the guy looks for the piano player and shouts...  -Hey! Do you know why your fucking monkey sunk his balls in my goddam whiskey?  -Not by the title, but if you can sing it a little bit I'm sure I can make it work
A man walks into a bar. The bartender yells from the back, “Hey, how can I help you!!!!”  The customer said, “take a chill pill”  “Ok, Mr Cosby, I’ll get right on that.”
Quality assurance engineer walks into a bar... He orders 1 beer. Then he orders 2 beers. Then he orders 9999999 beers. Then he orders -1 beer. Then he orders a dragon. Then he asks to buy a jdhdjsbeh  Another customer walks in, asks where the bathroom is. The bar collapses and kills everyone inside
Chuck Norris walks into a bar The bar breaks in half
A man walks into his bedroom and sees his wife packing a suitcase He asks, "What are you doing?"  She replies, "I'm off to New York.  I read that prostitutes there get paid $400 for doing what I do for you for free."  Later, on her way out, the wife walks into the bedroom and sees her husband packing her suitcase.  "Where are you going?" she asks.  "I'm coming with you.  I want to see how you live on $800 a year."
Hellen Keller walks into a bar And then a table, and then a chair
Two Scientists walk into a bar Bartender comes around  The bartender: What will you be having?  Scientist 1: I’ll have some H20  The bartender hands him a glass of water  The bartender: And you?  Scientist 2: I’ll have some H20 also  Scientist 2’s arch nemesis disguised as the bartender: -Snaps finger- So close
A man walks into a bar… A man walks into a bar and the bartender says “Hey, do you want to see a little man playing the piano?” So the man says “ok sure!”. He brings the little man out and he starts playing, the man says “Wow, he’s really good where did you find him?” The bartender leans forward and says “Between me and you, there is a genie in a bottle who gave him to me, he’ll grant you any wish you please” So the bartender brings the bottle out, the guy rubs it and the genie emerges. “Oh cool, I want a million bucks!” Poof! A million ducks full the bar. “Hey wait this isn’t what I asked for!” exclaims the man. The bartender replies “Yeah, I didn’t ask for a 12 inch pianist either.”
An inteovert elephant and an emo giraffe walks into a bar.. They couldnt fit in
A bear walks into a bar... the bear says to the bartender, “I’ll have a gin and........................................tonic.” The bartender asks, “Why the big pause?” The bear replies, “I don’t know, I guess I was just born with them.”
Two Dragons walk into a bar Dragon 1: It’s a bit hot in here  Dragon 2: Shut your mouth
An Englishman, a Welshman and a Scotsman walk into a bar. The Englishman wants to go so they all have to leave.
The most boring man on Earth walks into a bar. He orders a beer.
Two cannibals walk into a bar and start eating the bartender. One turns to the other and says: "We probably should have ordered the drinks first."
An Englishman and a Scotsman walk into a pub The Scotsman yells out, "A round for the house on me!"  The next day the newspaper headline reads, "Irish ventriloquist found beaten to death behind local pub" 
A mule walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Why the long face?"  The mule replies, "I've got too much horse in me."
A builder walks into a bar on a construction site after an eye site test... He had just returned from an eye site test, and after being removed from the office by the busy doctor. He read his results and it said that he had perfect vision.   Then he walked into the constructions site and into the bar.   "Ouch!" he said, "who thought it was a good idea to put that metal bar there?"  His colleague joked "you put that bar there yesterday; I think I know how your eye site test went!"  The builder retorted "it actually came back as perfect vision! Have a look!"  Puzzled, the colleague said "but this is an advertisement for perfect vision..." 
A pirate walks into a bar. He has driving wheel sticking out his nether regions.  The bartender asks him "Doesn't that make you go crazy?"  The pirate replies "Argh. It's driving me nuts!"
A man carrying a baby walks into an empty hotel bar... ... sits down at the bar and orders a drink. The bartender attempts to strike up a conversation.  &amp;#x200B;  "So... what do you do for a living?"  "I'm a condom salesman."  "And why are you carrying a baby around?  "Dealing with a customer complaint."
A necrophiliac walks into a bar... The bartender smiles and greets the corpse-lover, "Hey Paul, how's it going?!  What can I get you tonight?"  “I've had a rough day so I'll take the hardest whiskey you've got, please."  Answers Paul.  The bartender replies, "Oh man I've had those days."  A few seconds of silence pass when the bartender follows up by saying, "Ya know, in the five years you've been coming here, I never asked what it is that you do for a living."  "I work at a morgue.  So not much living going on there.", answered Paul.  The bartender chuckles briefly but suddenly seems upset.  "Death is such a terrifying thing." said the bartender.  "I wish death wasn't even a thing Paul.  I wish we could all just live forever and achieve everything we've ever wanted in peace.  I'm getting pretty old as the days go on and sometimes it seems as if I'm working toward nothing but my own demise.  Ya know what I'm talking about?"  There was a brief pause as Paul sipped on his whiskey.  "I mean if there weren't any dead people, I don't know what I would do all day."  The bartender replied, "Oh right, I suppose you would need to find a new job."  "Yeah, that too." Paul replied.
A guy walks into a bar with a monkey A guy walks into a bar with a monkey and has a seat.  The bartender asks, "What're ya having?" but before the man can answer, the monkey jumps on the bar and scatters food and drinks everywhere before hopping over to the pool table and swallowing a cue ball whole.  "Sorry man, he hasn't ate today" says the man before he pays the bartender for the damage and leaves.  A week later, the same man comes back with the monkey which seems less energetic and happy than the week before. They sit down at the bar and again, the bartender asks, "What're ya having?"  The Monkey lets out a low moan and climbs on the bar, clumsily spilling drinks and food all over the place again- it slowly walks across the bar to a now shocked woman's Manhattan and pulls a Maraschino cherry out of the glass, sticking it up his ass for a long moment, savoring a look of dawning relief before swallowing it whole.  The bartender wipes sweat from his forehead and exclaims, "Okay now why in the hell did it do that?"  The man clears his throat and says "I'm sorry man, he tests the diameter of everything after that cue ball."
A gorilla walks into a bar A gorilla goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini. He then walks back over to the give it to the gorilla, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a gorilla walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.  So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the gorilla notices anything."  So he walks back over to the gorilla and hands him a dollar change. The gorilla doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.  "You know," he says to the gorilla, "we don't get too many gorillas in here."  And the gorilla says, "At nineteen dollars a drink I'm not surprised."
An Englishman, a Scotsman, and an Irishman walk into a bar. You'd think one of them would have seen it.
Man walks into a bar brushing his teeth As he walks in, people look around, because what he's doing is really peculiar.  When he reaches the bartender, he throws the toothbrush on the floor, asks for a little water(to get rid of the toothpaste in his mouth) and orders orange juice  bartender:please don't do this  man:\*in gruff voice\* give me a glass of orange juice.  bartender: oh-o-ok....  The man drank the whole glass without any hesitation and asked for a second glass  bartender:are you ok?  The man chugged the second glass in one gulp  man:\*in gruff voice\* MORE  bartender:WHAT THE FUCK  The bartender handed the man the 3rd glass of orange juice with hesitation as the man snatched it out of his hand.  Everyone in the bar was surprised by this man. this man had only one motive, to make the most superior flex ever, drinking 3 glasses of orange juice after brushing his teeth.
I saw Kim Kardashian walk into the Subway I work at, order five sandwiches, and walk back out holding all of them. I wasn’t surprised. It’s not the first time she’s taken several footlongs at once.
A weasel walks into a bar... The bartender says “wow, I never served a weasel before! What can I get you?” “Pop” goes the weasel 
A guy walks into a bar and sits down The bartender says what can i get you? The man replies, “I’ll take 3 shots of jack please.” The bartender pours him his three shots and before he could even put the bottle down the man downed all three shots and asked for three more. The bartender poured his three shots and once again, the man downed them all immediately and asked for three more. The bartender, surprised said “Wow, you must be celebrating something!” The man replied “Yeah, I just had my first blow job.”  The bartender said “Well that’s awesome!” And the man said “Yeah, but I can’t get the taste out of my mouth!!”
The world's leading expert on wet clothing walks into a record shop. The expert asks the assistant "Do you have the latest edition of 'Wet Garments' Acoustics'?  I'm sure your store just released it yesterday."  "Of course," the assistant replies. "Would you like to listen to it before you buy it?"  "Why, thank you," says the expert, and puts on a pair of headphones.  He listens for a few seconds and complains to the assistant. "I'm very sorry, but this is not accurate at all. You sure this is the correct recording?"  The assistant checks that it is indeed the one the expert is asking for, apologizes, and plays a few more tracks. However, the expert is still not content. After listening to almost a third of the record, the expert is fuming with rage and complaining to the now timid assistant. He is about to storm out of the shop when the shop manager stops him.  "Wait a minute, sir. I know what's the problem here. "  The expert trudges back to the record player.  "I'm very sorry, sir." the manager continues, "It appears we've been playing you the wrung side."
Three people walk into a pro-vax comedy bar James and Jane brought their anti-vax cousin Jenny to a pro-vax comedy bar to get humiliated. James and Jane were laughing at the jokes and having a good time. They looked at Jenny and to their surprise, Jenny was laughing too.  As the jokes went on, the comedian told the same joke twice. James was confused and wondered if the comedian had already forgotten that they had told the same joke already. James nudged Jenny: "Haven't we heard that joke already?" Suddenly, the entire audience stood up, pointed to James, and said "Found the anti-vaxxer!" And they threw James out.  After 30 minutes, it became clear that the comedy consisted of nothing but repeats. After the 10th repetition of a particularly bad joke, Jane groaned. The entire audience stood up, pointed to Jane, and said "Found the anti-vaxxer!" And they threw Jane out.  James and Jane stood outside the comedy bar, wondering why they were thrown out even though they were pro-vax. They needed to take Jenny home, but she was still inside. That's okay, they said, because they will eventually throw Jenny out because she is actually anti-vax.  3 hours later, the bar finally closed, and Jenny came out with the owner of the bar. Asking the speaker why they didn't throw Jenny out, the speaker replied "Why should I throw her out? She's alright. She laughed the hardest out of all of the audience. She's one of us." Jenny replied: "I was laughing at you, not with you."     EDIT: typo
A feminist, vegan, and an atheist walk into a bar. How do you know this? They told you.
A man walks into a pet shop and sees a parrot for only $50. Standing next to the cage the man asks, "I wonder why he is so cheap?"  "Because I am defective," came the reply. "I've got no legs." A little surprised the man asked, "Well how do you stay on your perch?" The parrot draws him closer and whispers, "I have a big penis. I just wrap it around the bar and stay put. Go offer the owner 30 bucks for me. He'll take it." The man walks out of the store with the parrot and takes him home. They become best of friends. They talk sports, politics, current events. The man could not be happier. One day the man gets home from works and the parrot beckons him over with his wing..."Psst...come here. I need to talk to you." "What?" "It's about your wife." "Yeah, what about her?" "And the postman. Today he knocked and she answered the door in a skimpy black negligee." "What!" "Yes. And then they embraced in a long passionate kiss," the parrot went on. "Holy shit...that can't be possible." "It is. Then they went over to the couch and she slipped him out of his uniform and then things started to get really steamy." "Well," the man asks,"what happened next?" "I don't know," said the parrot. "I got a hard on and fell off my perch."
A moth walks into a doctor's office.. "What seems to be ailing you?" asks the doctor. "Where do I start?" says the moth "The man I work for, Ivan Nivovich, does not appreciate me any longer. He does not even know half the work I do for him, and actually neither do I. I wake up every morning with an old hag of a woman laying on my arm, a woman I once loved but now feel nothing but coldness for. My son, Isaac Wilhelm is a grave disappointment. His rebellion has shamed me deep to my core. My daughter, Alethia scarcely shows me affection any longer. My third son is the spitting image of myself, and when looking at him I see the overwhelming cowardice that defines me personified in his image. If I wasn't such a coward, perhaps I would finally grasp that loaded gun I keep by the bedside and end it all, flying into the void with open wings."  "Man," says the doctor "you are obviously experiencing grave psychological problems. You need to see a psychologist. Why did you come here? I am a medical doctor."  "Because your light was on." The moth replies.
A frog walks into a bank A frog walks into a bank And he goes up to the counter and says "I want to take out a loan" The woman behind the counter says "well I don't know if we give loans out to frogs but I'll see what we can do" Her name is Mrs. Wack So Mrs. Wack says "If I can get your name we'll get you started with an application" The frog says his name is Kermit And Mrs wack goes "wow, THE kermit the frog???" And the frog says "no no no, I was only named after kermit the frog, you see my full name is Kermit Jagger. My father is Mick Jagger" So Mrs wack says "alright Mr. Kermit Jagger do you have anything to put down as collateral for a loan?" The frog pulls a tiny little pink porcelain elephant out of his pocket He hands it so Mrs wack and she looks at and says "well I'm not sure if we can use this as collateral but I'll go talk to my manager and see what we can do" So she goes into the manager's office and he says "Hi, Patty!" So she hands him the little pink elephant and she says "there's a frog out there who wants to take out a loan. He says his name is Kermit Jagger and he wants to use this as collateral but I'm not sure what it is" So the manager picks up the elephant and he looks at it And he says "why, that's a nick nack, Patty Wack, give the frog a loan his old man's a rolling stone"   Credit: Norm MacDonald
A White horse walks into a bar.   The barman remarks "Did you know there's a drink named after you?"  The horse replies "Kevin ?"
A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads: Cheese Sandwich: $1.50 Chicken Sandwich: $2.50 Hand Job: $10.00  He checks his wallet and beckons to the sexy bartender.  "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" he asks.  "Yes," she purrs. "I am."  "Well, wash your frickin' hands," says the man. "I want a cheese sandwich!"
A dog walks into a bank. "I'd like to make a de-paw-sit."  -"Haha thats funny!" -"You think my finances are a fucking joke, Jessica?"
A skeleton walks into a bar He asks the bartender for a beer and a mop.
An extremely handsome man walks into a bar... He sits down at the bar and begins small talk with a few girls. He's charismatic and the girls love him. He talks most of the night away. But after a while another man enters. This man is rather ugly. Perhaps even hideous. Like God got drunk and began just throwing mismatched facial features onto an oblong mishapen head. I'm saying absolutely atrocious.   The handsome man grimaces but says nothing rude, and returns to talking to the girls. An hour later he looks back and the Frankenstein reincarnate has a few girls surrounding him. The handsome man is confused, but decides to keep hitting on the girls and buying them drinks. An hour later, the ugly man has left with EVERY. SINGLE. GIRL. In the bar. The Handsome man is indignant at this, as he should by every right have been with the girls. He turns to the bartender and says:  I don't understand! Here I am, handsome and humorous, but the women all leave with the potato! How did he do it?  The bartender responds:  I haven't the slightest. All he did was sit there and lick his eyebrows.
A man walks into a public bathroom and begins using one of the urinals                       He looks to his left and sees a very short man also peeing. Suddenly, the short man looks up at the taller man, and the taller man is completely embarrassed about staring at the smaller man’s penis.           “Sorry,” says the taller man.          “I’m not gay or anything, but you have the longest penis I’ve ever seen, especially on a man so small!”                  “Well,” says the little man, “that’s because I’m a Leprechaun! All Leprechauns have penises this size!”             The taller man says, “Incredible! I’d give anything for mine to be that long.”             “Well, what with me being a Leprechaun and all, I can give you your wish! If you let me take you into that stall over there and screw you, I’ll give you your wish!”            “Gee,” says the man, “I don’t know about that. Oh, to hell with it. OK!”             Soon, the Leprechaun is behind the taller man, humping away.         “Say,” says the Leprechaun, “how old are you, son?”           Finding it difficult to turn with the Leprechaun humping him so ferociously, the tall man says over his shoulder, “Uh-uh, thirty-two...”             Finishing up  says the little man, “thirty-two and you still believe in Leprechauns!
A man walks into a bar and sitting at one of the stools is, quite possibly, the oldest man he's ever seen. Drawn to the old timer, he asks, "Who are you?"  The old man replies in a soft voice that somehow echoes throughout the bar, "I am God."  He scoffs, "No way."  "Yahweh."
A Scotsman walks into a pub... He drags himself onto a stool and orders a beer. Placing the full glass in front of him, the bartender inquires upon his sad face.   The man answers with a smoky and trembling voice and a Scottish accent:  Ah, tell ya man! This pub, this very pub we're just sitting in. I built it, with me own hands! But do they call me the Pubmaker? Naa!   See the wall over there, that protects our town? I built it, with me own hands! But do they call me the Wallmaker?  And the bridge, you know, that crosses our river, I built it, with me own hands! But do they call me the Bridgemaker?   The Scotsman, under his breath, adds quietly:  "but you fuck one goat..."
A man walks into the doctor's office for a check up. The man is new in town and it's his first time in the clinic. The doctor starts by checking the man's blood pressure.   Doc: Have you any history of heart disease in your family?  Man: Yes, actually. My father suffered a number of heart attacks.  The doctor reaches for his stethoscope and listens to the man's heart. After a moment he stops.  Doc: I'm sorry but I must advise you to stop masturbating, sir.   Man: What... Why?  Doc: Because we're in the middle of an examination. 
Infinite mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one asks for half a beer, the next asks for a fourth of a beer, and the next asks for an eighth, and so on, eventually the bartender pours a single beer and says “Know your limits!”
A guy walks into a bar .... He sits on a bar stool waiting for the bartender.  "Nice tie!" He was startled looking around to see would said that to him and there was no one around.  "Nice Shoes" he hears and again, looking around to see who said that to him and still no one was around.  The bartender finally comes over and the guy says, "hey, I keep hearing voices here".  The bartender say, "oh.  That's just the peanuts. They are complementary."
Guy walks into a doctor's surgery He says "Doctor, I have a strawberry stuck in my arse".   Doctor says "I have some cream for that".
An iceberg walks into bar and orders a beer. "Sorry, we don't serve you here." says the bartender, "your tip is too small."
Two conspiracy theorists walk into a bar. COINCIDENCE? I think not.
A single statistician walks into a brothel. Only a fucking coincidence?
A truck driver, who's been on the road for two months, walks into a brothel He slams a thousand dollar note on the receptionist's table and says "Give a cheese sandwich and one of your ugliest women"  The receptionist, quite taken aback, says "Why sir, for that money I could give you a seven course meal and two of our best women"  The truck driver says "Look lady, I ain't horny. I'm just homesick"
A young man walks into a bar and orders 3 doubles of cheap vodka and downs them immediately “What are you celebrating?” Asks the bartender  “My first blowjob” “Congratulations! How about another on the house?” Offers the excited bartender  “No thanks, if three won’t get the taste out of my mouth, nothing will.”
A Man Walks Into a Bar And says ooouch!!
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
A man walks into a bar. A sign above the bar says “Complete the challenge, win $500.” Curious, he asks the bartender about the sign. The bartender says, “It’s simple, drink that bottle of habañero vodka, go out back and extract a bad tooth from an angry alligator and then go upstairs and give an orgasm to a woman who’s never had one.”  The man thinks about and decides he has better things to do. However after spending an hour talking to strangers in the bar he realizes he doesn’t have anything better to do. The man gets the bartender’s attention and lets him know he’s ready for the challenge.   The bartender gives him the bottle of vodka and the stranger downs it. With tears in his eyes the man staggers our the back door. A minute later everyone in the bar hears the alligator roar. The roaring escalates and they hear it thrashing around. A few minutes later it stops and the bartender shakes his head as he wipes down the bar.   To everyone’s surprise the stranger stumbles in the back doorway. He’s breathing heavily, very drunk and covered in wounds from the alligator’s claws. He looks around, makes eye contact with the bartender and calls out, “Where’s that lady with the sore tooth?!”
A man and a giraffe walk into a bar... After a few drinks, the giraffe falls over and dies. The man begins to walk out when the bartender stops him.  “Hey, you can’t leave that lyin’ there!” The bartender yells out.  The man turns around: “It’s not a lion. It’s a giraffe.” 
A communist and an anarchist walk into a bar The bartender says: Sorry, you guys are underage
Guy walks into a bar, orders 2 shots. Dumps one on the ground. Bartender asks who it was for. Guy replies "my unborn child" "Sorry to hear man, what happened?" Asked the bartender. Guy looked him square in the eye "dried up in a sock."
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks "Why the long face?" The horse not understanding English shits on the floor and leaves
A nose walks into a bar and asks for a drink Bartender says; I cant serve you, your already off your face
Friction walks into a bar And orders a shot of rubbing alcohol. 
Two whales walk into a bar. The first one says to the bartender, "WWWWWHHHHHHHHMMMMMMM."  The second one says, "Frank, what the hell is wrong with you?"
A non sequitur walks into a bar In a strong wind, even turkeys can fly.
A man walks into a bar... He walks up to the counter and says, "bartender, I'll have three beers". The bartender replies, "woah, slow down, I need to see IDs for the other people." The man then goes to tell the bartender a story.  "Your don't understand .  I have two brothers who I'm very close to. But now they live far away.  So we made a promise that if we ever had a drink without the others, we would drink one for the missing brothers".   He then took the drinks and carefully set each one at a chair and proceeded to drink each one until they were done.  This goes on for a few years.  The bartender admired the man's dedication to this tradition.  One day, the guy arrived and only ordered two drinks.  He proceeded with his ritual and when he was done, he went to the bar to get a second round.  The bartender was worried.  Did something happen to one of the brothers?  He was sad and said, "knowing your tradition, I'm sorry for the loss of your brother"  The man replied, "those guys are fine, my wife told me I need to quit drinking"
A sandwich walks into a bar and asks for a pint and a packet of crisps. The bar tended turns around and says “sorry we don’t serve food here”.
A man walks into an illegal drug store... Man: Hey! I'm actually here for some medicine I need for my stomach problems.  Druggist: Well, that's a first. What do you need?  Man: Do you have some Diet Coke?
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar You can't tell me that's just a coincidence
Classic walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and orders six whiskies. He lines them up in a row and knocks back the first, third, and fifth glasses. Then he gets up to leave. " Don't you want the others?" asks the barman."You've only had three of your whiskies." "Best not" replies the man, "My doctor said it was only okay to have the odd drink."
Comrade McConnell and Comrade Bolton walk into a bar... ... I'm sorry, it's only funny if you're Russian.
A duck walks into a bar, jumps on the stool and asks for a beer and a sandwich The bartender is shocked. You are a duck says the bartender. Yes replies the duck. You talk! Says the bartender. Yes! Says the duck and how about that beer and sandwich he says. The bartender still in shock brings him his sandwich and beer. The duck drinks his beer and finishes his sandwich and leaves. This happens a few times and the bartender asks why he is coming in every day. I work as a plumber across the street on the new building replies duck. I know of a good and well paying job if you are interested says the bartender. I'm always looking for the next the job, what is it asks the duck. Its the Circus says the bartender. You mean the place where they keep animals in cages asks the duck.  - Yes  - where they train the animals to do silly tricks?  - Yes  - in the giant tent with the hole in the roof?  - Yes   What the hell do they want with a plumber?
A Neutron walks into a bar... A Neutron walks into a bar and says to the bartender,”How much for a drink” the Bartender says,”No Charge”
A floating head walks into a bar. He sits down at the bar and asks the bartender for a drink. Upon downing the glass, the man's torso suddenly appears.  "Wow this beer sure is amazing!" Says the man."Bring me another!"  So the bartender brings him another drink, and after finishing it, the man's arms appear.  "Fantastic!" He says. "Another!"  So the bartender brings him another drink, and after he'd emptied the glass, the man's legs appered.  "Well I appear to have all my body parts back" said the man "but I'm dying to know what will happen if I have another! One more round, in celebration!"  So the bartender brings him his final drink, and once he finished, the man vanishes into thin air.  "Hm" the bartender smirked. "You should've quit when you were a head."
A guy walks into a bar... He sees 2 steaks nailed to the ceiling. He asks the bartender, "What's up with those two steaks?" The bartender replies,  "if you can jump up and take those two steaks from the ceiling, I'll give you $1,000,000, if not, I'll cut your arms off." The guy then replies, "I won't do it, the stakes are too high."
A pirate walks into a bar with a ship wheel on his crotch. The bartender asks: “Hey, what’s with the wheel?”  The pirate answers: “Yaaargh! It’s drivin’ me nuts!”
An alien walks into a human brain shop Vendor: Welcome, unfortunately we are very limited on brains right now and there are only 2 available.  Alien: I'll take a look.  Vendor: Well, here's the brain of Albert Einstein. He was very intelligent and was the reason behind much of human science. This is priced at $2. Here is the brain of someone who has watched every single "Keeping up with the Kardashians" episodes ever. It's listed at $200.  Alien: Woah, you're trying to rip me off. Why is the brain of someone that dumb worth so much?  Vendor: Simple, because this brain hasn't been used before.
Three guys walk into a bar... ... the fourth one ducks.
A blind man walks into a bar. He couldn't see it, it's really not his fault that he got hurt walking into it.
A guy walks into a bar He says “ow”
A man walks into a bar... And he notices a very large jar on the counter,and sees that it's filled to the brim with $10 bills. He guesses there must be at least ten thousand dollars in it. He approaches the bartender and asks, "What's with the money in the jar?"  "Well..., you pay $10, and if you pass three tests, you get all the money in the jar and the keys to a brand new Lexus."  The man certainly isn't going to pass this up, so he asks, "What are the three tests?"  "You gotta pay first," says the bartender, "those are the rules."  So, after thinking it over a while, the man gives the bartender $10 which he stuffs into the jar.  "Okay," says the bartender, "here's what you need to do:  First - You have to drink a whole quart of tequila, in 60 seconds or less, and you can't make a face while doing it."  "Second - There's a pit bull chained in the back with a bad tooth. You have to remove that tooth with your bare hands."  "Third - There's a 90-year old lady upstairs who's never had sex. You have to take care of that problem."  The man is stunned! "I know I paid my $10 -- but I'm not an idiot! I won't do it! You'd have to be nuts to drink a quart of tequila and then do all those other things!"  "Your call," says the bartender, "but, your money stays where it is."  As time goes on, the man has a few more drinks and finally says, "Where's the damn tequila?!"  He grabs the bottle with both hands and drinks it as fast as he can.Tears stream down both cheeks -- but he doesn't make a face -- and he drinks it in 58 seconds! Next, he staggers out the back door where he sees the pit bull chained to a pole. Soon, the people inside the bar hear loud growling, screaming, and sounds of a terrible fight -then, nothing but silence!  Just when they think that the man surely must be dead, he staggers back into the bar. His clothes are ripped to shreds and he's bleeding from bites and gashes all over his body. He drunkenly says, "Now..., where's that old woman with the bad tooth?"
A hungry cowboy walks into a saloon The cowboy sits down at the bar but hes short on money.  He looks around and sees a man staring at a bowl of chili.  Cowboy- "are you going to finish that?"  The man without saying a word or looking up slides the bowl over.  The cowboy starts eating and starts thinking to himself this is pretty good.  The cowboy gets halfway done with the chili and sees a dead rat in the bowl and throws up into the bowl.  The man looks over and says "yup, thats about as far as i got to."
A termite walks into a bar... and says “where’s the bartender?”
Cinco de Mayo walks into an Australian bar. Bartender says, Happy may 6th friend.
3 operating systems walk into a bar The first says "I'm Windows. The most popular, everyone likes me and I don't mess about. I'll have a pint of lager."  The second says "I'm Mac OS. I'm the favourite of artists and hipsters, and I could never settle for a boring lager like Windows. Give me your hoppiest artisanal IPA!"  The third says "I'm Linux. I'll have some water, hops, barley and yeast please."
I'm sure you've heard this one before...so a man walks into a bar... And gets a concussion.
A man with 5 penises walks into a tailor's shop The man has been frustrated all week. He simply cannot find a pair of pants that fit. Understandably finding pants that fit someone with 5 penises is difficult. The tailor notices the man looking at all different types of pants and asks him what he is looking for. The man explains his unique situation and the tailor says  "I could just make you a pair of pants. We just need to take a few measurements. How would you like them to fit sir? Baggy? With lots of room downstairs?"  The man is excited and responds,  "I want them to fit like a glove."
Two peanuts walk into a bar One was a salted
A paper bag walks into the doctors. He says to the doctor "im not feeling great doc" so they run some blood tests and he comes back and the doctor looks concerned.  "It appears Mr Bag that you are HIV positive" he says.  The bag goes "Wait how is that possible im a bag"?"  The doctor then asks "Have you been sharing needles with drug addicts or having unprotected sex?"  The bag goes "Of course not im a paper bag"  The doctor says "There is only 1 explaination then"  "What?" Says the bag  "You're mum must have been a carrier"
Walks into a bar A redditor walks into a bar and starts browsing r/jokes, he chuckles and the bartenders asks, “What are you laughing about?”  The redditor then says,  “At people trying to come up with an original joke.”
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink. After finishing he asks the bartender "How much do I owe?"  The bartender responds "For you neutron, no charge."
A Rabbi, a Priest and a Reverend walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says "What is this? Some kind of a joke?"
A man walks into a bar and sees a man that looks like Adolph Hitler sitting at the end of the bar. He walks up to him and asks "are you really Hitler?" The man stands up and says loudly, "Ja, ich bin Adolph Hitler. I killed 6 million Jews and 1 Mexican." The man says, "wait, why did you kill a Mexican?" Hitler says "Sehen Sie! See? That is what i mean, no one cares about the jews."
A man walks into a bar Ouch.
A groom walks into a tattoo shop while on holiday in Jamaica. To show his love, he had his bride's name tattooed on his penis. Normally, only the first and last letters were visible, although when he was aroused, the tattoo spelled out W-E-N-D-Y. After finishing getting his tattoo, he notices a Jamaican man with the same letters W-Y tattooed on his penis.  "Excuse me," he says, "but I couldn't help noticing your tattoo. Do you have a girlfriend named Wendy?". The man replies "No way, I work for the Tourist board. Mine reads, "Welcome to Jamaica. We have great beaches, great ladies, and great sun! Have a nice day.”
A guy walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar and asks the barman to tell him a joke. The barman responds with a classic and makes him laugh. He asks two more times but the barman repeats the same joke again and again.          The man asks one last time but the barman responds with “Sorry but we have a strict 3 jokes a day policy.”       God damn it you just told me the same jokes three times !          Well if you wanted more original jokes you shouldn’t have come to this subreddit
A drunk walks into a library... A drunk guy stumbles into a library and makes his way to the reference desk. He steadies himself and tells the librarian “HEY I WANT A CHEESEBURGER, SOME FRIES AND A COKE!”  The librarian looks at him in disgust and says “Sir, this is a library”  The drunk replies “Oh I’m sorry” and whispers quietly “I’ll have a cheeseburger, some fries and a coke”
A man walks into an urologist's office as he is no feeling well down below.  The doctor suggests to do a general check up and  begin with a prostate examination. He tells the man to get naked around the waist, bow and relax.   As he puts his finger in, the doctor says: "Don't worry about the erection, it's completely normal."  The man replies: "I don't have an erection and don't feel one coming."  Doctor: "Actually, I wasn't talking about you..."  (My colleague told me this morning...)
A man walks into a bar. The bartender goes, "moooooo!"  No wait, this is a barn.
A kid walks into a whore house holding a dead and squished frog. He walks up to the front desk and sets his dead frog up on the counter top. The lady at the desk says, we don't allow kids here. The kid puts a wad of cash on the counter and the woman replies, "ok what do you want"?  &amp;#x200B;  The kid says, "I want to have sex with the nastiest girl here that has the most STD's I can get". "We don't have ladies like that here sorry buddy," says the woman. The kid then puts $100 bill on the table.  &amp;#x200B;  After a little discussion though, the woman tell him, "Ok kid, all the way down the hall last door on the left".  The kid comes out of the room after a while and as he's walking out the front door the woman stops him. "Hey kid, why in the world would you do that?"  &amp;#x200B;  The kid looks up at her and without skipping a beat says, "By me sleeping with a STD’d prostitute, I have the disease. I'm going to go home and fuck my babysitter, then she’ll have the disease. My parents will come home then my dad will take the babysitter home and he will fuck the babysitter, then she’ll have the disease.  &amp;#x200B;  My dad will come home like nothing happened and will fuck my mom, then she’ll have the disease. In the morning, when he goes to work, my mom will wait to for the mailman to arrive and will fuck him, then he’ll have the disease.  &amp;#x200B;  AND THAT’S THE SON OF A BITCH WHO KILLED MY FROG. "
A man walks into a pizza shop and the guy behind the counter is the Dalai Lama... ...The guy, incredulous, says, “Your Holiness, you run a pizza shop?!”  The Dalai Lama replies, “Yes, I’ve always said that work is good for the spirit”.  The guy replies “I see,” then thinks for a moment and says, “Can you make me one with everything?”
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says “Oh just a beer”. The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong,why are you so down today?”. The man said “My wife and i got into a fight,and she said she would’nt talk to me for a month”. The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”? The man siad “Well the month is up tonight”. 
A man walks into a bar and has a drink. He thought up a blonde joke and figures here is the perfect place to tell it. However, as soon as he opens his mouth to tell the joke, he realizes 3 blondes are in close proximity.  The nearest blonde says to the man, "hey man, it's not cool to tell blonde jokes. We aren't as dumb as you think! See that woman over there? She works at IBM! And that guy over there? He is an Olympian! And I work at NASA!"  The man realizes he really shouldn't tell the joke to them and says, "Yeah, you're right, I won't tell it. Besides, I don't want to have to explain it three times!"
A woman walks into the meatshop And asks for chicken breasts. The butcher opens up the refrigerator, picks the last one up, and plops it on the weighing machine. The woman goes " It's only 400 grams, don't you have anything heavier?"  The butcher thinks for a while, takes the chicken breast back to the refrigerator, pulls the same one out, and plops it back to the weighing machine. Only this time, he puts the weight of his hands along with the meat.  " There you go mam! 700 grams of fresh chicken breasts", The butcher exclaims.  The woman looks at it, sighs, and says " I guess that might still not be enough for the party. Fuck it, give me both of them."
A Jamaican walks into a bar. He loses the limbo competition.
A pirate walks into a bar… A pirate walks into a bar with a small computer and monitor on his crotch. The bartender picks him out immediately and notices graphs and statistical functions appearing on the screen as the pirate walks up to him. When he reaches the bar, the pirate asks for some rum.   The bartender says, "Yes, but sir, do you realize you have a computer in your pants?  The pirate gestures down and explains, "R! It's drivin' me nuts!"
Two Statistics majors walk into a bar What're the chances! 
A Man Walks Into A Bar With A Duffle Bag A man walks into a bar carrying a duffle bag and places it on the bar. He says "My son just turned 21 and I would like to buy him a drink!" The bartender looks around and asks "Where's the birthday boy?" The man unzips the duffle bag and pulls the head of a 21 year old man out of it. The bartender gasps and steps back. The man hurridly explains that his son has an extremely rare birth defect in which he was born without a body, but is completely normal otherwise. The bartender shrugs and pours two whiskeys. The man gives the shot to his son then shoots his own. Just then the head suddenly sprouts a torso! The father and bartender are shocked and amazed! How could this be?! The father then says "Wait a second! Let's give him another shot and see what happens!" So they do and he suddenly sprouts a fully functional arm. The father is elated. He shouts "Keep the shots coming!" As the son takes shot after shot he eventually becomes a fully bodied man. The father and son are now extremely drunk and happy. They begin to talk about all the things they could do now that he has a body. The father then says "You know what! I'm going to teach you how to ride a bike! Right now!" So they go outside the bar and find a parked bike. The father shows his son how to sit on the bike and explains (drunkenly) how to pedal. He pushes the bike from behind while his intoxicated son struggles to balance on the bike, but eventually he finds his balance and pedals out ahead of his dad on his own. The dad yells "You're doing it! You're doing it! You're..." The son is suddenly hit and killed by a truck. The father is devastated and cries over his son's mangled body. The bartender whom was watching this unfold came over to the father and says, "He should have stopped while he was a head."
A man walks into a sandwich shop He asks for a BLT on rye, pays for it and leaves. The next week he does the same and the week after that as well. Years go by and the man still comes for his weekly sandwich and is now a recognized face at the restaurant and is a friend of the owner.   One day the owner asks him, "Why don't you ever get a different sandwich?"  The man replies, "I like what I like but if you want, you can make me a different sandwich next week"  So the next week comes and the man walks into the restaurant anticipating the new sandwich. The owner sees him and gives him the new sandwich. The man takes a bite, chews it, and swallows.  He turns to the owner, a confused look on his face, "There's nothing new on this sub."
My favourite thing to do is to walk into book stores and say “Hello! I'm looking for a book titled ‘How to deal with rejection without killing’.” “Do you have it?”
Two chemists walk into a bar. "I'll have h2o."   "I'll have h2o, too."  The bartender gives them both water and no one dies, because he is able to distinguish the pragmatic context as well as the boundary tones that dictate the grammatical function of homonyms in coda position.
A termite walks into a bar.. And asks "where is the bar tender?"
An orange headed man walks into a bar ... and sits at the bar.  The bartender immediately notices his giant orange head.  He walks up to him and apologizes and says "I'm sorry, but I've got to ask.  What's up with your giant orange head"  The patron responds.  "No worries, I'm used to it.  I was walking down the beach one day and I kick something hard.  I pick it up and it's a lamp.  I rub it and out pops a genie.  Standard genie rules, I get 3 wishes.  Bartender: "Okay, so what was the first wish?"  Patron: "Well, that one worked perfectly.  I asked to be rich, and poof!  I've got massive wealth.  My bank account is always in the millions and my wallet is always full of cash"  Bartender: "Oh.  Well then what happened with the second wish?"  Patron: "That worked even better, I wished to be irresistible to women.  Even with this head, I can get any woman I want"  Bartender: "Okay, so it must be the third wish"  Paton: "Yeah, this is where I think I fucked up.  I wished for a giant orange head" 
The future, past, and present walk into a bar The present pulls out a gun and shoots the past, and the future says, “I totally saw that coming.”
A length of rope walks into a bar. The bartender looks at him and says, _"Get out, we don't serve ropes in here!"_ The rope goes outside and cuts himself in half and ties his two sections together. Not pleased with his appearance, he takes a comb and combs out his ends.   He walks back into the bar and the bartender says, _"Hey, aren't you that rope I just kicked out?"_ And the rope replied, _"No, I'm a frayed knot."_
A guy walks into a restaurant with a full-grown ostrich behind him.  The waitress asks for their orders. The guy says, "A hamburger, fries, and a coke," and turns to the ostrich, "What's yours?"  "I'll have the same," says the ostrich.  A short time later the waitress returns with the order. "That will be $18.40 please." The man reaches into his pocket and, without looking, pulls out the exact change for payment.  The next day, the guy and the ostrich come again and the guy says, "A hamburger, fries, and a coke."  The ostrich says, "I'll have the same."  Again the guy reaches into his pocket and pays with exact change. This becomes routine until one night they enter the restaurant and the waitress asks, "The usual?"  "No, this is Friday night, so I will have a steak, baked potato, and salad", says the guy.  "Me too," says the ostrich.  The waitress brings the order and says, "That will be $42.62."  Once again the guy pulls the exact change out of his pocket and places it on the table. The waitress can't hold back her curiosity any longer. "Excuse me, sir. How do you manage to always come up with the exact change out of your pocket every time?"  "Well," says the guy, "several years ago I was cleaning my attic and found an old lamp. When I rubbed it a genie appeared and offered me two wishes. My first wish was that if I ever had to pay for anything, I would just put my hand in my pocket and the right amount of money would always be there."  "That's brilliant!" says the waitress. "Most people would wish for a million dollars or something, but you'll always be as rich as you want for as long as you live!"  "That's right. Whether it's a gallon of milk or a Rolls Royce, the exact money is always there," says the guy.  The waitress asks, "But, sir, what's with the ostrich?"  The guy sighs and answers, "My second wish was for a tall chick with long legs who agrees with everything I say."
Two friends walk into a bar ... Two mates walk into a bar and go and sit down at a table.   One guy yells out, "Donkey! Go and get us a beer."  So the other guy gets up, walks to the bar and orders a round.  About 10 minutes later the bartender hears once again, "Donkey! Grab us a beer"  Once again the other guy gets up and orders another round.  After another 5-6 rounds the same thing keeps happening when the bartender hears once again "Donkey! Go get me a beer"  When Donkey got up to the bar the bartender asked, "Why does he call you Donkey?"   Donkey replied, "Hee-aw, hee-aw, hee-always calls me that"
A guy walks into a bar It hurts.
A woman walks into a bar... "Man this pole dancer sucks!"
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel sticking out of his zipper The bar tender comments on it, and the pirate responds "Arrgh it's driving me nuts!". 
A guy walks into a bar....... he says "Oww"  --by Bruce Wayne
Three men walk into a bar You would have thought one would have ducked
A man walks into a bar and orders a drink He sits at the bar and talks to the bartender for a bit before seeing a bottle of vodka on the top shelf, stuffed full of peppers, with a sign that says, “ Free drinks for life if you complete ‘the challenge’.”  Like any reasonable man he asks the bartender about the challenge.   “Oh, that,” says the bartender. “Drink the whole bottle of vodka.  Then go out back an I have a pet alligator - extract her sore tooth. After that, there’s a woman upstairs who’s never had an orgasm. Give her one. That’s it.”   The bartender goes back to cleaning glasses and the man goes back to his drink. When he finishes he slams his glass down and says, “I’ll do it!”    The rest of the patrons crowd around as the bartender takes the vodka off the shelf. The man chugs it like the peppers don’t exist. Then he stands up and staggers our the back door. The patrons listen and for several minutes nothing happens. Then the most awful roaring and chomping noises filter in through the back door and even the bartender crosses himself.   A few minutes later the noises die down and to everyone’s surprise the man stumbles back in the door a bloody mess!  He wavers on his feet for a minute before yelling the slurred words, “Where’s that Lady with a sore tooth?!?”
A man walks into a costume party. Host: What are you?   Man: A harp.   Host: Your costume's too small to be a harp...   Man: Are you calling me a lyre, sir?
A guy walks into a mini-supermarket in the USA “I want to buy an automatic rifle with telescopic aim and 14,000 bullets of ammo, and one bottle of penicillin.  Store clerk: Sure sir, but sorry, I can’t sell you the penicillin without a prescription!!
One day, a twelve year old boy walks into a brothel, dragging a dead frog behind him. The Madam asks "Can I help you, son?" to which he replies, "Yes. I'd like a girl for the night."   She says "I'm afraid you are too young for one of my girls." So he gets out his wallet and gives her $200. To which she says "She'll be waiting for you upstairs."   The boy says "But she's got to have herpes."   The Madam replies "But all my girls are clean!" So out comes the wallet again and he gives her another $200. The Madam says "OK, she'll be ready for you in about 10 minutes."  So he goes up the stairs dragging the dead frog. About half an hour later he comes down the stairs, with a big grin on his face, still dragging the dead frog. By now the Madam was just a touch curious so she asked him, "Why did you come in here, dragging a dead frog and asking for a girl with herpes?".   "Well, it's like this:" he says, "When I get home tonight I'll screw the baby-sitter and then she'll get herpes. Then when my parents get home dad will drive her home and on the way they'll stop and have sex, and he'll get herpes. Later when dad gets home, he and mum will make love and then she'll get herpes. And at about 9:30 tomorrow morning, when dad has gone to work, the milkman will come round, screw my mother and then he'll get herpes...   ...AND HE'S THE BASTARD WHO KILLED MY FROG!!"
An atheist, a feminist and a vegan walk into a bar I know this because they told everyone there within 5 minutes of being there. 
A duck walks into a bar He asks the bartender for a beer and the bartender says  "No we dont serve Ducks here" The duck leaves, comes back the next day and asks for a beer, once again the bartender replies "No, we dont serve ducks here" The duck leaves, the following day the duck returns and asks for a beer, now the bartender is getting annoyed, he says "We didnt serve ducks yesterday or the day before, and we dont serve ducks today!" The duck leaves again, and sure enough he goes back the next day and asks for a beer again, now the bartender is straight mad "He yells at the duck, and says god dammit we dont serve ducks here, if you come back one more time asking for a beer im gunna nail your feet to the bar!!" Duck waddle's out, comes back the next day, this time he asks if the bar sells nails, the bartender replies  "We're a bar, why the hell would we have nails?" The duck responds "Ok, then can I have a beer?"
A lady walks into a bar and sees a handsome man sitting at the counter. She goes over and asks him what he's drinking.  "Magic beer," he says.  She thinks he's a little crazy, so she walks around the bar, but after not icing that there isn't anyone else worth talking to, she goes back to the man and says  "That isn't really magic beer, is it?"  "Yes, it is. I'll show you," He responds, and jumps out the window, flies around the building three times, and comes back through the window. The woman is amazed, and immediately asks for a magic beer of her own.  The man says to the bartender, "Give her one of what I'm having."   She gets her drink, takes a gulp of beer, and then jumps out the window, plummeting 30 stories down.   The bartender looks at the guy and says, "You know something?"  "You're a terrible person when you're drinking, Superman."  &amp;#x200B;
A guy walks into a convenience store and asks "Can I have a can 'o dew?" Store clerk tells him, "No can dew"
A cow walks into a milk bar. and no one uddered a word
A boxer walks into a bar... ...he orders a beer from the bartender, who responds: "Knock yourself out!"
A pun walks into a room and kills 10 people. Pun in, ten dead.
A sandwich walks into a bar The Barman says “sorry we don’t serve food in here”.
A panda walks into a bar A panda walks into a bar. He orders a simple meal. After finishing it, he takes out a shotgun and fires it at the roof. The bartender asks, "What the hell are you doing?!" The panda, walking out, says, "I'm a panda. Look me up." Later, the bartender looks it up, and the definition says, "Eats shoots and leaves."
A skeleton walks into a bar... Sits down and says to the bartender, "I'll take a beer and a mop."
A Pun, a Play on Words, and a Limerick walk into a bar. no joke.
I tried to walk into Target… but I missed. 
A skeleton walks into a bar and says to the barman "I'll have a beer and a mop please" That is all
A brain and a spark plug walk into a bar... The brain walks up to the bar and says:  " can i have a beer for my friend and I?"  The barman looks at the brain and goes back to polishing his glass.  The brain tries again: "Can I have a beer please?!?"  "No, not for you.  Not today guys." The barman says, not looking up from his task.  "Well, why not?!?" The brain asks, now quite perplexed.  "Well" the barman pauses... "you look like you're out of your head. And your mate, he looks like he's just about to start something."  *edit: spelling
The Man Walks Into a Shop and Talks to the Shopkeeper: - Good day sir, I need a random number generator, can you help me? - 14
A soup walks into a bar Bartender: We do not serve soup. Soup: *sad*
A man walks into a bar The bartender says " What would you like son?" The man jumps up on the counter and starts unscrewing the bulbs from the fixtures. Bartender looks quizzically at man. Man says "Amstel light"
A guy walks into a bar with a pet alligator by his side. He puts the  alligator up on the bar and turns to the astonished patrons.     "I'll  make you a deal. I'll open this alligator's mouth and place my genitals  inside. Then the gator will close his mouth for one minute. He'll then  open his mouth, and I'll remove my unit unscathed. In return for  witnessing this spectacle, each of you will buy me a drink."     The  crowd murmurs their approval. The man stands up on the bar, drops his  trousers, and places his privates in the alligator's open mouth. The  gator closes his mouth as the crowd gasps. After a minute, the man grabs  a beer bottle and raps the alligator hard on the top its head. The  gator opens his mouth, and the man removes his genitals, unscathed, as  promised. The crowd cheers, and he receives the first of his free  drinks.     The man stands up again and makes another offer: "I'll pay anyone $100 who's willing to give it a try."     A hush falls over the crowd. A moment later, a hand goes up in the back of the bar.     "I'll try," says a small woman, "but you have to promise not to hit me on the head with the beer bottle." 
A duck walks into a pub.... ..... and orders a pint of beer and a ham sandwich.  The barman looks at him and says, "Hang on! You're a duck."  "I see your eyes are working," replies the duck.  "And you can talk!" Exclaims the barman.  "I see your ears are working, too," Says the duck.   "Now if you don't mind, can I have my beer and my sandwich please?"  "Certainly, sorry about that," Says the barman as he pulls the duck's pint.  "It's just we don't get many ducks in this pub.. What are you doing round this way?"  "I'm working on the building site across the road," Explains the duck.   "I'm a plasterer."  The flabbergasted barman cannot believe the duck and wants to learn more, but takes the hint when the duck pulls out a newspaper from his bag and proceeds to read it.  So, the duck reads his paper, drinks his beer, eats his sandwich, bids the barman good day and leaves.  The same thing happens for two weeks.  Then one day the circus comes to town.  The ringmaster comes into the pub for a pint and the barman says to him  "You're with the circus, aren't you? Well, I know this duck that could be just brilliant in your circus. He talks, drinks beer, eats sandwiches, reads the newspaper and everything!"  "Sounds marvelous,"says the ringmaster, handing over his business card.   "Get him to give me a call."  So the next day when the duck comes into the pub the barman says, "Hey Mr. Duck, I reckon I can line you up with a top job, paying really good money."  "I'm always looking for the next job," Says the duck.  "Where is it?"  "At the circus," Says the barman.  "The circus?" Repeats the duck.  "That's right," Replies the barman.  "The circus?" The duck asks again.  “”With the big tent?" "Yeah," the barman replies.  "With all the animals who live in cages, and performers who live in caravans?" says the duck.  "Of course," the barman replies.  "And the tent has canvas sides and a big canvas roof with a hole in the middle?" persists the duck.  "That's right!" says the barman.  The duck shakes his head in amazement, and says...   "What the fuck would they want with a plasterer??!"
2 nazis walk into a BAR They died
A man walks into a restaurant in Spain He sits down at his table and notices a man enjoying a interesting meal. He asks the server what is the man over at the other table eating? The server responds that he is eating Bulls Balls.  After a bull fight and the bull is killed you can order and eat his balls. There is a bull fight tonight and you can coming in for dinner tomorrow night and order the dish if you like. The man responds perfect see you tomorrow night. The next night the man again got sat at his table and awaited his dish. When it arrived he noticed that balls were very small and questioned the server why are the balls were so small? Last night they were nice and big? The server responds well sometimes the bull wins.
A duck walks into a bar . . .  . . and says "Do you have duck food here?"  The bartender says "No" and the duck leaves.  The duck comes back the next day and says "Do you have duck food?"  The bartender says "No."  The duck comes back the next day and says "Do you have any duck food?" The bartender says "I already told you ‘No’ twice! If you come back and ask me again, I’m going to nail your feet to the floor!"  The duck comes back the next day and says "Do you have any nails?"  The bartender says "No."  "Do you have any duck food?"
3 motorcycle bullies walk into a gas station. 3 men had arrived at a gas station using their motorcycles. Inside, was an elderly trucker, eating a pie by himself. The first man walked up to him and spit in his pie. The second man shoves his cigarette into his pie, and the third man knocks it onto the ground. Without a word, he leaves the gas station. The first man says, "He wasnt much of a man." A gas station employee then says," Not much of a driver either. He just ran over 3 motorcycles while backing out."
Modigliani walks into a bar... The bartender says, "Hey buddy, why the long face?"
An elephant walks into a bar. An elephant walks into a bar.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  It turns around and soon walks into another bar.   By the way, it's in a fixed cage.
A man walks into a pharmacy and wanders up and down the aisles. The sales girl notices him and asks him if she can help him. He answers that he is looking for a box of tampons for his wife. She directs him down the correct aisle. A few minutes later, he deposits a huge bag of cotton-balls and a ball of string on the counter. The sales girl says, confused, "Sir, I thought you were looking for some tampons for your wife?" He answers, "You see, it's like this, yesterday, I sent my wife to the store to get me a carton of cigarettes, and she came back with a tin of tobacco and some rolling papers; cause it's so much cheaper. So, I figure if I have to roll my own... so does she."
A college freshman walks into his biology class on the first day of school. He notices the professor has 3 birds sitting on a table, all covered in bags except for their feet. “Hey,” said the freshman, “what’re those birds for?”  “Well,” said the professor, “my students will have to identify the species of bird only by looking at their feet.” “That’s a stupid activity.” Says the student. The professor is taken aback. “That is NO way to talk to a professor, young man! What’s your name?” The student pulls down his pants and says, “You tell me”
Two books walk into a bar... Or at least they tried. Couldn't afford the cover.  &amp;#x200B;
A husband walks into the bedroom and is shocked by what he sees. "Oh my God Carol, no!"  "But I told you all about us."  "I thought you said you were doing YOGA!"  "Embarrassing this is."
Two Australians walk into a shady biker bar.. ..somewhere in Texas. Inside of course is the whole gang drinking,  music stops, crickets... The boss of the gang asks:  “Did you come here to die?”  Australians respond: “No, we came in yesterday “
A priest, a spiritual leader and a kiddy diddler walk into the bar He orders a beer.
A man walks into the vet with his dog in his arms... [Long] He brings the dog up to the counter and says "I need to see a vet, my dog won't wake up!" So the secretary brings him to an inspection room and he says the same thing to the vet "My dog won't wake up, he's been like this since yesterday!". The vet inspects the dog and can conclude only one thing. "Sir I'm sorry to tell you but your dog is dead" the man was in dismay "No it can't be! There must be some type of test you can do to make sure!". The vet thinks for a minute then gets the secretary to bring in a yellow lab. The lab sniffs at the dog a little bit and then sits down with no reaction. "See?" Said the vet, but the man was not convinced so the vet brought in a Persian kitty who did much the same as the lab. Sniffed the dog for a minute then sat down with no reaction. "Told you" said the vet "Alright I guess you're right" replied the man with sorrow in his voice "How much do I owe you?". "250$ plus tax" said the vet casually "250!? Just for you telling me my dog is dead?" The man was in shock. "Well" the vet responded "It was only gonna be 50 but the lab work and the catscan costs extra."
A Grasshopper walks into a bar... The Bartender looks down and says "Hey, we have a drink named after you" The Grasshopper says "You have a drink named Steve?!"
A lady walks into a pet store to buy a cage for her parrot... She wanders about the store until she finds the birdcages. There's a good assortment of cages; big, small, wood, and wire. After pondering over her options, she selects two adequately sized for her parrot and heads to the cash register to ask the cashier their opinion on the two cages.   As the lady reaches the register, the cashier looks up and says, "Have you found everything you were looking for today?"  "Nearly" says the lady, "I just need help deciding between these two cages. "  "Certainly. Professionally, I find these two cages to be very similar. " retorts the cashier. "In my personal opinion, the slightly cheaper cage offers slightly better value."  "What are the prices?" Queries the lady.   "$27.95 and $28. "  states the cashier.   The lady smiles, and states,  "I'll take the nickle less cage."
A little boy walks into a bar.. He walks up to the bartender and says "Let me have a fake I.D, and then I'll take a Beer, hold the Root."
A bear walks into a pub... ...holding a newspaper. He saunters up to the bar and takes a seat whilst the other patrons, terrified at the sight of him, edge slowly towards the door. He lays his paper on the bar and orders a beer and a packet of crisps (Chips to you Yankee Doodle Dandies) and the terrified barman charges him £10. The bear sighs, lays down his money and begins reading his paper. Tentatively, the barman observes ‘we don’t get many bears in here…’ to which the bear sighs, laying down his paper, before replying ‘Well at these prices I’m not surprised!
PAST PRESENT AND FUTURE WALK INTO A BAR It was tense
A kangaroo walks into a bar A kangaroo goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini. He then walks back over to the give it to the kangaroo, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a kangaroo walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.  So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the kangaroo notices anything."   So he walks back over to the kangaroo and hands him two dollars change. The kangaroo doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.  "You know," he says to the kangaroo, "we don't get too many kangaroos in here."   "At eighteen dollars a drink, I'm not surprised," says the kangaroo.  "You noticed!" exclaims the bartender. The bartender rips off his clothes, revealing he is actually a gorilla. "Since you are also a talking animal, I will grant you one wish."  "Could you make me a martini that magically refills?" The kangaroo asks.  "I don't know that kind of magic, and I have no idea how to create that kind of drink!" The gorilla moans.  "Ok, can you stop people reposting on r/jokes whilst only changing the setup?" The kangaroo asks.  "What kind of drink again?" The gorilla asks. 
A man walks into a bar and sees a ridiculously short man playing the piano He goes up to the bartender and asks "What's that all about?", motioning towards the tiny man.  The bartender says, "Well you see this rock here?  If you put your hand on it and make a wish it'll come true."  "What? No way, let me try!" the man says.  "Nah man, it's really finicky, usually doesn't turn out right.". "I don't care, just let me try it."  He puts his hand on the rock and closes his eyes.  Suddenly, there's an enormous commotion of quacking from outside the bar.  "What on Earth?!"  They step outside, and the entire lot is filled with ducks.  Ducks blotting out the sky, ducks covering every inch of pavement, ducks on and in every car.  "What the hell!  I asked for a million bucks, not a million ducks!"  The bartender replies, "Well you think I asked for a ten inch pianist?"
An 80-year old man walks into a bar He walks over to the bartender and orders a beer when the bartender asks for ID. “Are you kidding me? I’m 80 years old” the old man says. The bartender apologizes, still resisted he had to see the guys ID. So the old man pays and gives the bartender the change back “It’s for carding me, I take it as a compliment!” The bartender says “Thanks, works every time”
A horse walks into a barn A horse walks into a barn  The Barntender says, "Hay, the usual?"
A blind man walks into a bar And into a chair, and into a table..
A pastor walks into a bar... and asks for the punchline. Bartender says, "We don't serve punch here."
An amnesiac walks into a bar. He saddles up to the hottest woman there and says... ..."so, do I come here often?"  Oldie but a goodie.
A penguin walks into a bar He says to the bartender, "Has my father been in here today?"  The bartender replies, "Well I don't know, what does he look like?"
A priest, an imam and a rabbi walk into a Buddhist monastery and ask the first monk they find: Whats going om?
A hen walks into a farm... Where is my cock, she says. 
A sandwich walks into a bar. the bartender says, "we don't serve food here."
Water and heat walk into a bar... It was steamy..
[LONG]So, a pianist walks into his local jazz bar... As he's been down on his luck and is looking for work. He asks one of the waitresses there to speak to the manager, who he approaches and asks,   "Are you the dumb fucker that runs this shit hole of a bar?"   The manager, taken very much aback, responds, "Excuse me? I am the manager, yes, can you please stop swearing in front of my patrons?"  "Good! 'Cause I need some fucking work and I'm half decent on the keys!"   And he sits down and begins to play the sweetest, grooviest, bluest-of-blues tracks the bar manager has ever heard.   "D..did you write that? That was beautiful! What's it called?"   "That I did! It's called, Why don't you go fuck the ass off of a low flying duck you insolent cunt?"   Aghast, the manager gestures for the pianist to hush, and quietly asks "Do you know any jazz? Anything a little more intricate?"   "'Course I do!"   And again the pianist plays the most delightful and devilish jazz piece the manager has heard.   Bracing for the name of this track, he asks "Well what do you call it?"   "I'll fuck your mother's hairy minge under the cover of pale moonlight!"   Appalled, though aware of the man's talents, the manager offers him a spot on the bill, on the proviso that he doesn't name his songs after he plays them, and the pianist happily agrees.   *Later that evening...*   About 5 from showtime, the pianist has set himself up on stage and is perusing the crowd, gauging the energy of the room, when he suddenly spies the most beautiful, drop-dead gorgeous woman he's ever seen - tight fitting red dress with red lipstick to match, high heels - you name it. After slight deliberation, and with the 5 minutes to spare, the pianist decides it a good idea to go try rub one out in the men's room, to "deal with the stress of performing", as he justifies it.   Well, lo and behold it takes a little longer than 5 minutes, and the manager comes bursting into the bathroom (on the other side of the stall, mind you), and yells  "Christ mate, where have you been?! The people are getting agitated - you've a show to play! Don't you fuck this up for me!"  Before leaving the bathroom abrutply.   The pianist rages on with the task at hand, and after wrapping up he bursts from the bathroom back onto the stage and sets right to playing.   After his first song, the lovely woman he had spied earlier approaches him from the side of the stage, leans into his ear and whispers   "Excuse me, do you know your dick is hanging out of your pants and there's cum dribbling onto your shoe?"  Stunned, the pianist turns to her and says   "Know it?! I wrote that fucking song!"
Darth Vader walks into his local record shop and asks for a copy of George Michael's debut solo album The guy behind the counter says "I'm sorry, it's out of stock."  Darth Vader  shakes his head and says "I find your lack of Faith disturbing..."
A square and a rectangle walk into a bar. They both sit down, order a beer, and wait for the bartender to prepare their drinks.   They each take a sip; it's nice and cold. There's an abundance of bubbles in and on the beverage; perfect.   The square looks over next to him; the rectangle is looking down at his nearly empty beer, his face one of sadness.   The square, having never seen a rectangle before, is slightly confused.   “Are all rectangles like this?” he thinks to himself, every now and then casually casting a glance at the depressed rectangle who, by now, had ordered a second beer.   The square was known in his community as being approachable, friendly, and a good source of emotional support. He was kind and caring, and was determined to stay that way.   The square, who by now had also ordered a second beer, decides that he would try and help the rectangle with whatever it was that was on its mind.   He takes a sip of his beer, a deep breath, then he turns around and asks,   “Why the long face?”
JFK walks into a photo studio "I'm here for the headshots..."
Three logicians walk into a bar. Three logicians walk into a bar.   The bartender asks, would you all like beer?  The first one says, um… I don’t know.  The second says, um… I don’t know.  The third one immediately says yes.
This dog walks into a post office and says to the Postmaster "I need to send a telegram."  The Postmaster says "OK, what is it?"  The dog says "I need it to say, Woof woof woof woof woof woof woof." The Postmaster counts the words and says "Well, for the same price, I can put 3 more "woofs" in for you."  The dog looks at him and says "But then it wouldn't make any sense." 
An arab walks into a bar. As he enters he sees a man with a jewish haistyle so he assumes he's jewish. Then he shouts: "Drink for everyone expect that jew!" But the jew just smiles at him and shouts: "thanks!". So the arab gets angry and orders another drink for everyone expect the jew. But the jew just smiles at him again and shouts: "thanks!". So the arab gets even more angry and orders yet another drink for everyone expect the jew. When the jew does the same thing as before, the arab asks the bearman: "Is that man crazy? I orded 3 drinks for everyone expect him and he just smiles and thanks me. And the barman answers: "No, he is the owner of this bar.
A weatherman walks into 1bar... ... and comes under some pressure.
A man walks into a bar **Thump**
An elderly blind man walks into a bar And a table, and a stool....
A man walks into a library and asks if there are any books about paranoia. The librarian says: "They're right behind you!"
A man walks into a bar and says, "I'm Portuguese" The bartender replies, "Wow! I'm also Portuguese!"  The bar was in Portugal.
A Lawyer Walks into a Bar A lawyer walks into a bar. He sees a beautiful, well-dressed woman sitting on a bar stool.  He walks up to her and says, "Hi there, how's it going tonight?"  She turns to him, looks him straight in the eyes and says, "I'll screw anybody at any time, any where -- your place or my place, it doesn't matter one iota."  The guy raises his eyebrows and says, "No shit!?! What law firm do you work for?" 
A tall guy walks into a bar that's what he gets for being tall
It's 1887 and a three-legged dog walks into a saloon, grabs the bartender by the scruff of his neck, looks him dead in the eyes and says... "I'm looking for the man that shot my paw." 
A man walks into a bar It is a metal bar, and he now has a concussion.
A guy walks into a bar and sees a bunch of meat hanging on the wall. He sits down and asks the bartender what the deal is with the meat.  Bartender says the deal is if you want a free drink you gotta jump up and touch the meat but if you miss, you buy a round for the bar.  The guy takes another look at the meat and the bartender asks if he's in.  No, says the guy the steaks are too high.
A jumper cable walks into a bar The bartender says "I'll serve you, but don't start anything!"
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm. He goes to the bartender and ask "I'll take a beer ! And another one for the road !"
Three vampires walk into a bar The second one says, "I'll have one, too."  The third one says, "I'll have a pint of plasma."  The bartender says, "So, that'll be two Bloods and a Blood Lite?"
Three vampires walk into a bar... Three vampires walk into a bar. Two of them order Bloody Mary's, and the other orders a cup of hot water. The bartender finds this odd, but didn't want to offend the vampire by asking, so he dismisses it. They do this for three days in a row, and each night its the same bartender on duty. On the third night, he finally works up the courage to ask, "Why do you order hot water while your friends order Bloody Mary's?" He questions, while serving their orders. The vampire smiles widely, then holds up a used tampon and says, "I like to make tea." 
A man in purgatory walks into a bar.... and realizes he must be in limbo.
An alcoholic walks into a bar, first thing in the morning, And sits down at the bar. His friend, the bartender says "Whiskey on the rocks, as usual?" The man responds, "It's too early..." The bartender is shocked, "Too early for a drink? For you?" He asks, surprised. The man looks at him and says, "No, for stupid questions."
A person with an art degree walks into a bar. They then head behind the counter and start serving drinks.
A pirate walks into a bar... The bartender says, "Hey pirate, what's with the paper towel on your head?"  The pirate replies, "Arrr, I got a bounty on me head." 
A blind man walks into a bar And gets so drunk that he doesn't see double.
A man walks into the continental breakfast of his hotel only to see a group of people frantically pushing the tables together into one giant table He goes "Hey what's going on?" And one guy goes "Pangea breakfast!"
A man walks into a bar with an alligator... The bartender says "What the hell?! You can't bring that in here!"  The man replies "Don't worry, he's extremely well-trained. Here, I'll prove it."  The man places the gator on the bar, opens its jaws, and places his testicles in its mouth.  A few minutes pass and the man asks "See? Anyone else wanna try?"  Another man at the end of the bar says "Sure, but I don't think I can keep my mouth open for that long."
A man walks into a bar... Ouch!  Edit: Thank you generous future people for the gold.  Edit 2: I really can't thank you guys enough for getting this to the  front page. Guess I'm the best joke teller to live.
A man walks into a bar with a pork pie on his head. The barman asks, "Why are you wearing a pork pie on your head?"  The man replies, "It's a family tradition. We always wear pork pies on our heads on Tuesday."  The barman remarks, "But it's Wednesday."  Sheepishly, the man says, "Man, I must look like a real fool."
A man walks into a bar And breaks his nose
A 17 year old male walks into a drug store... A 17 year old male walks into a drug store. He says “I’ve been invited to a New Years dinner at my new girlfriends house. Afterwards I hope there is a chance I get lucky, if you know what I mean”  Clerk: “How about condoms then? They could come in handy. Here’s a pack.” The young man after paying for the first pack, walks to the door, stops, smiles, and says “you know what, the mom is also smoking hot, I think I’ll take another pack just in case I get extra lucky.”  New Years comes around, the boy sits at the dinner table and doesn’t speak at all. After they finished eating, his girlfriend says: “If I had known you were so quiet, I wouldn’t have made you come.” The boy replies “if you had told me your dad works at a drug store, I wouldn’t have come.”
An American walks into a restaurant in France He is guided to a table and begins to peruse the menu as the waiter arrives ...  Waiter:  Monsieur, may I get you a drink?  American:  A glass of water, please.   Waiter:  Oui Oui monsieur.   American:  No thanks, just plain water.   
A guy walks into a bar and sees a jar full of money The guy asks "What is the jar for?". Bartender replies "That is a challenge jar." "What's that?" The guys asks. "The challenge is, that you get 2 tasks. 1st Is that there is a grandma in the 3rd floor of this house that hasn't had a man in 40 years. So you will need to pleasure her. The 2. one is that there is a bulldog outside with a broken tooth. You have to rip the tooth out. If you complete them, you get the money. If not, you have to put in 3 bucks. Wanna try?" "Sure. Why not." The guy replies. So he gets ready, and goes outside to take the tooth out. The guy is drunk at this point in time, so he would have a easier job doing it. He goes out, closes the door and starts working. The bartender hears a sound of fighting for a while, ending with a dog whine. The guys opens the door, clothes ripped and blood from his hand and asks "Now... Where is the grandma with the broken tooth?"
A buddhist monk, a rabbi and a priest walk into a bar. Bartender says he's vegan 
A Sailor walks into a bar A sailor walks into a bar owned by a old Marine. The Marine has a monkey behind the bar. Sailor asks what's with the monkey? Marine laughs and says watch this shit. Smacks the monkey on the head 4 times and it blows him. The Marine asks the sailor if he wants to try it? The sailor said sure but don’t hit me that hard!
A ghost walks into a bar.... Sorry sir, the barmen says, "We don't serve spirits after eleven"
A marksman walks into a weapons store, looking to buy a new scope for his sniper riffle The marksman tells the owner he wants the best one available  The owner shows him a piece and says "this one has a reach of over 1 km. That's so far, you can see crystal clear my house on the hill from here."  The marksman grabs the scope and looks in the direction the shop owner was pointing. Then he says "I'm impressed! I really *can* see your house from here! In fact, I even can tell that there are a man and a woman both naked on the balcony."  The shop owner, realising what was going on, says "Tell you what: You can keep this scope free of charge, if you shoot my wife in the head and that guy in the dick." And as he says it, he hands over two bullets to the marksman.  The marksman replies "I think I'll only need one, though."
Walks into a bar... A dyslexic man walks into a bra...
Jack Black, Kyle Gass, and a horse walk into a bar They sit down, order drinks, have a little bit of conversation.  The bartender is having a great time. The boys are funny, Jack Black is more charming in person than he has been in recent days. They're having some light banter about this and that.  The bartender asks them, "So boys...what do you think is the best part of a woman? Tits, right?"  They said, "Neigh."  "We are butt men."
A guy walks into a bar Then gets a concussion
The R&amp;B group En Vogue walks into a bar... The bartender gasps and says to them—  You know what? Never mind. You’re never gonna get it.
The Dalai Lama walks into a pizza shop and asks... Can you make me one with everything?   *saw this on YouTube and I haven't been the same since*
A man walks into a bar, looks around warily and sits down. The man tells the bartender to pour him a 12 year old single malt scotch, before the trouble starts.  The bartender pours his drink and quietly moves away. After finishing his drink, the man calls the bartender back and tells him, "Pour me a 15 year old scotch before the trouble starts."  The bartender thinks this is very strange but pours him the 15 year old scotch.  After finishing that drink, the man tells the bartender to pour him an 18 year old scotch, before the trouble starts.  The bartender is becoming a little worried, but pours him the 18 year old scotch.  Before the man finishes his 18 year old scotch, the bartender finally gets up the nerve to ask: "Say friend, when is this trouble going to start?"  To which the man replies, "The trouble starts, when you find out that I don't have any money."
A man walks into a bar and orders a 3$ Beer There was dead fly floating on top of it, he shouted at the bartender "There is a fly floating in my beer !!"  Bartender said "what do you expect for 3$ , a floating DINOSAUR?"
A hunchback man walks into a bar and orders a whiskey. Bartender says "bells alright?"  The man replies "don't you fucking start"
A Mafia Godfather, accompanied by his attorney, walks into a room to meet with his former accountant. The Godfather asks the accountant, "Where is the 3 million bucks you embezzled from me?"  The accountant does not answer. The Godfather asks again, "Where is the 3 million bucks you embezzled from me?" The attorney interrupts, "Sir, the man is a deaf mute and cannot understand you, but I can interpret for you." The Godfather says, "Well ask him where my damn money is!"  The attorney, using sign language, asks the accountant where the 3 million dollars is. The accountant signs back, "I don’t know what you are talking about." The attorney interprets to the Godfather, "He doesn’t know what you are talking about." The Godfather pulls out a 9 millimeter pistol, puts it to the temple of the accountant, cocks the trigger and says, "Ask him again where my damn money is!" The attorney signs to the accountant, "He wants to know where it is!" The accountant signs back, "OK! OK! OK! The money is hidden in a brown suitcase behind the shed in my backyard!" The Godfather says, "Well... what did he say?" The attorney interprets to the Godfather, "He says…go to hell... that you don’t have the guts to pull the trigger."
A man walks into a bar with a Labrador. He makes his way to the bar and orders a drink.  “I’m sorry, but we don’t allow dogs in here,” says the bartender.  “That’s my seeing-eye dog,” the man replies.  The bartender’s face instantly drops, knowing he made himself out to be a complete asshole.  “Oh God. I’m sorry. Here — your first two are on me.” He hands the man two bottles of beer.  “Thank you, I appreciate that.” The man and his dog make their way to a table near the front door and he grabs a seat.  A little while later, another man enters the bar with a chihuahua.  The first man stops him: “The bartender is going to give you shit about your dog. Tell him it’s your seeing-eye dog and he’ll feel so bad that he’ll buy your first few rounds!”  “Thanks!” replies the second man. He wanders up to the bar and orders a beer.  “I’m sorry, sir. We don’t allow dogs in here.”  “It’s my seeing-eye dog.”  The barender’s face wrinkles into confusion. He says, “Ehhh, I don’t think so. They don’t make seeing-eye dogs out of chihuahuas.”  “FUCK! They gave me a chihuahua?!”
A man walks into a bar with his dog The bartender says: "sorry sir, but we don't allow dogs here"  The man replies: "wait, my dog is special. You see, he can talk"  The bartender is doubtful, so the man turns to his dog and says: "alright buddy, what goes on top of a house?"  The dog replies: "Roof!"  The man asks again, "what covers the outside of a tree?"  To which the dog replies: "Bark!"  Finally, the man asks his dog who the best baseball player of all time is.   "Ruth!", Says the dog.   "Get out of here, those are just normal dog noises! Your dog doesn't actually talk," says the bartender. The man leaves with his dog and heads home.   On the way back, the dog turns to the man and asks: "should I have said DiMaggio?"
A drunk guy walks into a chiropodist thinking that it was a brothel...  He's told to go into the room and put it up on the table..  When the chiropodist walks in she says "thats not a foot..!!"  Drunk guy says.. "give it time, give it time!"
A Computer walks into a bar... Looking around, it spots an older but rather attractive printer sitting alone in the corner.    The computer approaches the printer and says, "Hey good lookin.  What's your font?".  Annoyed, the printer gets up and starts heading for the door, "It appears that it's time for my carriage to return home."  Startled by the turn of events, the computer asks, "What? Why?"  The printer responds, "You fed me a line."
*A neutron walks into a bar. The neutron orders a drink and after he’s done he asks, “so how much for the drink?” The bartender replies: “for you neutron, no charge
A pony walks into a bar and whispers to the bartender, "I'll have a beer."  The bartender asks the pony, "Why are you whispering?"  The pony replies, "Because I'm a little horse."
3 guys walk into the jungle They are found by a group of natives and are brought back to the chief. The chief says, "I will let you go, but only if you bring back 10 if the same kind of fruit." The first guy comes back with 10 apples. The chief says, "Now you can go, but only if you can fit all of them in your butt without making a sound." He makes it to 2 before crying out in pain. The second guy comes back with 10 grapes. The chief tells him the same thing.  He only makes it to 9 grapes before he bursts out in laughter. In heaven, the first guy asks the second why he started laughing. The second guy replies, "I saw the other guy coming back with 10 pineapples."
A hen walks into a library Walks up to the librarian and says “book”, the librarian looks a little confused but gets a book and gives to the hen, who tucks it under her wing and then walks out.  The hen comes back in the next day, walks up to the librarian and goes “book book book” the librarian is amazed and hands over the books to the hen who puts them under her wings and walks out.  The next day the hen comes in and goes “book book book book book” the librarian is flabbergasted  and thinks “no one has ever reads books this quickly” hands the books to the hen and then follows it out when it leaves.  The librarian follows the hen to a house and when she peered through the keyhole, sees the hen handing the books to an ill frog, who looks at the books and says “read it, read it, read it.”
Spain, Greece, Italy, and Portugal walk into a bar. Who pays? Germoney.
The Past, the Present, and the Future all walk into a bar together... ... it was Tense.
Michael J. Fox walks into a bar The bartender asks how do you want your martini? Shaken or stirred?  He says nah I got it.
A man walks into a bar... The bartender says, "Is it just me, or is this another repost?"
A troll, a hag and a leprechaun walk into a bar The bartender said, "What will you have Umbridge?"
A walks into a drug store in London A man walks into a drugstore in London and ask the pharmacist for some American razor blades. The pharmacist asks if he is sure, because England makes the finest razor blades in the world. But the man insists on American razor blades.  "Have it your way" says the pharmacist, "but I can assure you that ours are the best. Just last week my wife accidentally swallowed one. It gave her a tonsillectomy, a hysterectomy, an appendectomy, circumcised the gardner, emasculated the chauffeur, cut two of the butler's fingers off, and I still got ten shaves out of it"
A man walks into a bar with a gun. A man walks into a bar with a gun and yells out loud,  "I have a 1911 with 7 rounds and 1 in the chamber!  I heard the man who was sleeping with my wife hangs out here!  Where is he!?"  From the back of the bar a man shouts out, "You're gonna need more ammo!"
A guy walks into a bar Ouch!
A man walks into a bar and sees a steak hanging from the ceiling. He asks the bartender, "Why is there a piece of steak hanging from the ceiling?  The bartender replies, "If somebody jumps and manages to hit the steak, all drinks will be free for the entire night. However, if somebody tries and misses, they will have to buy drinks for everybody else for the entire night. Would you like to try?"  The man thinks about it and replies, "No thanks, the stakes are too high."
A liberal walks into a bar *** be gentel this is a first effort ****  A liberal walks into a bar thirsty from a pro gay wedding rally and says to the bartender, who can barely rip his eyes away from the latest breaking news on the fox news network, man I'm thirsty! I've spent the last 12 hours cheering and shouting about love, happiness, acceptance, and equality. Please give me a beer! The bartender, disgusted, angerd, and maybe a little scared launches into a 30 minute lecture about Hillary Clinton's emails. The surprised patron appels to the obviously conservative bar tender saying that he was so rude and how would he like it if someone did that to him. After a while the patron convinces the bartender to participate in a little role play and takes a spot behind the bar, the bartender walks out out of the bar and then back in. The conservative walks to the bar and says I've just spent the last few minutes listening to Hanity, Rush, and reading some tweats from the President. These damn liberals are destroying this country, it's a damn consipiricy! The bartender says, "I'm sorry we don't serve conservatives, please leave."
Two engineers walk into a bar.. And order two beers.  The bartender says "I was expecting infinite number of mathematicians"  The engineer says "Nah. We just like to round off!"
A robot walks into a bar. The bartender noticed it before it even made it to a stool. "Sorry, we don't serve your kind here," the bartender said loudly while he pointed at the front door.   As the robot turned to exit it was heard to say, "Someday you will, my friend. Someday you will."  
An ancient Greek walks into his tailor's shop... ...with a pair of torn pants.   Euripides? Asked the tailor.   Eumenides? Replied the man. 
A man in a business suit walks into a bar during normal working hours He yells "Barkeep! I'll have a shot and a beer"  Bartender pours his drinks and slides them over to the man.  The man pounds the shot and takes a sip of his beer. He smiles at the barkeeper and says, "That's certainly refreshing after the day I've had"  The Bartender replies, "I was wondering why a man in a suit like yours was drinking in a bar like mine at 2pm"  The man replies, "I just got laid off from my job as store manager selling European luxury goods. Whole store is shutting down"  The bartender says, "I'm sorry to hear that; but you seem to still be in good spirits"  The man shrugs and says, "Well when one Dior closes; another opens"
The world's leading expert on European wasps walks into a record shop.    He asks the assistant “Do you have ‘European Vespidae Acoustics Volume 2? I believe it was released this week.”  “Certainly,” replies the assistant. “Would you like to listen before you buy it?”   "That would be wonderful," says the expert, and puts on a pair of headphones.  He listens for a few moments and says to the assistant, “I'm terribly sorry, but I am the world's leading expert on European wasps and this is not accurate at all. I don't recognize any of those sounds. Are you sure this is the correct recording?”  The assistant checks the turntable, and replies that it is indeed European Vespidae Acoustics Volume 2. The assistant apologizes and lifts the needle onto the next track.  Again the expert listens for a few moments and then says to the assistant, "No, this just can't be right! I've been an expert in this field for 43 years and I still don't recognize any of these sounds."   The assistant apologizes again and lifts the needle to the next track.  The expert throws off the headphones as soon as it starts playing and is fuming with rage. "This is outrageous false advertising! I am the world's leading expert on European wasps and no European wasp has ever made a sound like the ones on this record!"  The manager of the shop overhears the commotion and walks over.  "What seems to be the problem, sir?"  "This is an outrage! I am the world's leading expert on European wasps. Nobody knows more about them than I do. There is no way in hell that the sounds on that record were made by European wasps!"  The manager glances down and notices the problem instantly.  "I'm terribly sorry, sir. It appears we've been playing you the bee side."
An ugly guy walks into a bar... A rather ugly man walks into a bar with a big grin on his face, and Orders a draft beer.  'What are you so happy about?', asks the Bartender.  'Well, I'll tell you,' replies the ugly man. 'As you know, I live by the Railroad tracks. Well, on my way home from the bar, last night, INoticed a young woman tied to the tracks, just like in the films. I, of Course, went and cut her free, and took her back to my place...  Anyway, to make a long story short, I scored big time! We made love all Night, all over the house. We did everything: me on top, sometimes her on Top, every position imaginable!'  'Fantastic, you lucky bastard!', exclaimed the Bartender. Was she pretty?'  ' Don 't know. Never found the head."   
Two people walk into a chemistry themed bar. The first one says, "I'll take some H20."   He gets his drink and sits down.  The second one says, "I'll have some H20 too."  He dies.
A sandwich walks into a bar. The bartender says, "we don't serve food here."
A man walks into his doctors office.... A man walks into his doctors office with one side of his face bruised and beat up.  “Good lord!” the doctor said. “What in the world happened?”  “Well” the man said, “I was sitting there in church, and when the preacher said ‘all rise’, this woman in front of me stood up and her skirt was kind of stuck up in her butt crack. She didn’t seem to notice but people were staring and I felt bad for her so I reached over and pulled it out for her. Then she beat me with her purse!  The doctor shook his head, gave the man some ointment and counseled him on his behavior.  A week later the guy was back to see the doctor again, this time with the other side of his face beat up and bruised.  “Good lord!” the doctor said. “Now what happened?”  “Well”, the main said, “I was sitting there in church and that same woman was in front of me. When the preacher said ‘all rise’, she stood up and her skirt was all stuck up in her butt crack again.”  “Tell me you didn’t pull it out again?!” the doctor exclaimed.  “No, no” the man said, “but the fellow next to me did. And I knew what a mean bitch she was so I reached over and stuffed it back up there again.”  &amp;#x200B;  (Told to me by my step dad 35-40 years ago)
A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks: "What would you like?" "Nothing, I suppose. I'll take whatever drink you give me. Story of my life. I've never really desired anything - not even food, drink or sex."   "Really?"  "Yes - I even sleep just because everyone else does, not because I feel tired."  "Sorry," said the bartender, "but we can't serve you."  He pointed at a sign 'No Id, No Sale'.
Three guys walk into a bar.. After a few drinks the first man goes you know what? "I think i have the worlds smallest head". After a few more drinks the second man says "you know what? I think I have the worlds smallest arms" after a few hours the third man comes back from the back from the bathroom and says "You know what? I think i have the worlds smallest penis"  The next day the three men go to the Guinness World Records offices and come back. The first man comes out his meeting and says "Guess what! I have the worlds smallest arms!" The second man comes out of the office and says "I have the worlds smallest head!"   The third man comes out and says "WHO THE FUCK IS U/SKIPZNEO!!!" 
A blind man walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Welcome to McDonalds! Can I please take your order?"
An armless man walks into a bar.. ..which is empty except for the bartender. He orders a drink and when he has been served, asks the bartender if he would mind getting the money from his wallet in his pocket, since he has no arms. The bartender obliges. Next, the man asks if the bartender would tip the glass to his lips. The bartender holds the glass until the man finishes his drink.  The man then asks if the bartender would get a hanky from his pocket and wipe the foam from his lips. The bartender does it and comments that it must be very difficult to have no arms and have to ask someone to do nearly everything for you.   The man says, ‘Yes, it is a bit embarrassing at times. By the way, where’s the toilet?’ The bartender quickly replies, ‘The closest one is in the service station three blocks down the street.’
An infinite amount of mathematicians walk into a bar The first says, “I’ll have a beer.” The second says, “I’ll have half a beer.” The third says, “I’ll have a quarter of a beer.” Before anyone else can speak, the barman fills up exactly two glasses of beer and serves them. “Come on, now,” he says to the group, “You guys have got to learn your limits.” 
An elephant walks into an ant bar... An elephant walks into an ant bar and orders a sandwich.  They are still making it.
Two guys walk into a bar... The first guy asks for H2O. The second guy says that sounds good, I'll have H2O too.   The second guy dies.
A man walks into a bar alone... The man sits down and orders 7 beers.  Bartender: Where's all your friends?  Man: I'm lonely as hell tonight.  After about 5 or 6 beers the man became drunk. A black man comes in and sits down beside him.  Man: Boy you *hick* belong down in the *hick* cotton fields!  Black man: Bitch I'm gonna beat you like I beat my saltines!
A priest and a rabbi walk into a bar... The bartender then crawls up in the corner and says, "My life is a joke"
The past, the present, and the future all walk into a bar... It was tense. 
In honor of father's day - one from my dad. A dungbeetle walks into a bar and he says to the bartender: Excuse me sir,  is this stool taken?
A man walks into a bar... because he has a fear of getting over hurdles. 
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... ...which quickly becomes overcrowded. The bartender trying to take jocular orders for one beer than half a beer than a quarter of a beer and so on and so forth is crushed to death as are all the other patrons. And the mathematicians themselves, of course. Still they walk in. Somehow they force themselves into the narrow confines of what was once a bar and now is nothing but the crushed bones, flesh, and blood of their fellow fanciers of numbers. And still, still they come. Mathematician atoms are forced together closer and closer until fusion occurs. They are a star. And still, still they come. Marching in hoping for a beer. Not getting one. Getting devoured. Becoming one with the nuclear fire until the sheer mass of them overcomes the forces keeping the bits of them apart and what was once a bar is a black hole into which more and ever more mathematicians are committed.  A couple of physicists observe it all in wonder. They wonder where all the mathematicians are coming from. And wish they'd known their limits.
A man walks into a bar And orders a drink. Whilst drinking it, a massively scarred Asian dude stumbles in the bar.  "What happened?" The man asks as he downs his drink.  "There's a dragon 10km east from here." The Asian dude rasps before passing out.   So the Man gets on his bike and travels 10km east and sure enough there's a dragon. It's fire I swear hot enough to melt mountains but eventually the man manages to defeat it. A Hawaiian monk approaches the man.  "You seem very strong, do you mind helping me?" The Hawaiian monk asks.  "Sure, what do you need?" The man replies. The monk tells him of a hidden temple in the desert. So the man hires a private jet and flies into the desert where he meets a sphinx. The sphinx asks him a riddle.  "What walks on four legs in the morning, two in the afternoon and three in the evening?"   After 13 hours the man figures out the answer, a human. The sphinx leads him to the temple. As the man goes through the temple he has to kill hundreds of penguins but finally he makes it to the top floor where there is a red jewel.  He picks up the jewel and a spaceship appears. Bored, the man gets into the spaceship and flies through the galaxy, exploring a ton of planets including Namek and Saturn. Finally the man finds a tiny planet with the surface area of a football pitch. He sets foot on it when a tree ambushes him.  "Hello, will you take me to earth?" The tree asks.  "Sure." The man says.  "You're a great dude so I'll grant you one wish." The tree promises.  "Could you make me a watch that measures time 100% accurately wherever I am?" The man asks.  "Do you realise how advanced that technology would need to be. It would need to take into account relativity, gravity, your velocity and tons of other factors." The tree moans.  "Ok, can you stop people reposting on r/jokes whilst only changing the setup?" The man says.  "What kind of watch again?" The tree asks.
A guy walks into a bar with an alligator... Everyone freaks out. The bartender says "Hey! You can't bring an alligator in here!"  The guy says "Relax: this is the nicest, most well-behaved gator ever. Watch this."  The guy gently reaches to open the gator's mouth, and the gator lets him. The guy even pushes for the gator to open its mouth even wider, and the gator follows his command. He tells the gator to stay still.  Then the guy crouches down, pulls out his dick, and lays his dick right across the alligator's teeth.  20 seconds pass. The alligator doesn't move as the guy looks around the room. The alligator stays perfectly still. Having made his point, the guy stands back up and puts his dick back in his pants.  "See?" he says. "Does anyone else want to try?"  The drunk guy at the end of the bar says "I'lll trry...but I don' think I can oopen my mouth that wide."
Two cartons of yogurt walk into a bar. Two cartons of yogurt walk into a bar. The bartender, who is a tub of cottage cheese, says to them, “We don’t serve your kind in here.” One of the yogurt cartons says to him, “Why not? We’re cultured individuals.”
Guy walks into a bar... Guy: I'll take a PBR.   Bartender: draft, bottle, or tallboy?   Guy: what's cheapest?   Bartender: you are.   *don't know if original, but just popped into my head as I sit here drinking my PBR ��
An alligator walks into a bar... An alligator walks into a bar and orders a beer. Bartender says "sorry, we don't serve alligators here."   The alligator is pissed and goes out and puts on a huge hat and trench coat to hide his identity. He comes back in to order a beer.   Bartender sees through the goofy disguise and says "sorry, we don't serve anyone in trench coats."   The alligator's really pissed now. He sees a scantily-dressed woman sitting at the end of the bar and devours her. He shouts, "now are you going to serve me that beer, asshole?"   The bartender quips, "sorry, we don't serve drug users."   The alligator screams "what the hell are you talking about!?! What makes you think I'm a drug user?"  "I saw that barbiturate."
YouTube, Reddit and Instagram walk into a bar... All of them make fools of the themselves vying for the attention of everyone in the bar.
A pirate walks into a bar... So a pirate walks into a bar with a ships wheel stuck around his junk. The bar tender says "hey buddy, looks like you're having a rough day, first ones on me, what'll you have?" "Yar, I'll have a rum"  The bar tender says "I gotta ask though, what's up with the helm?"  The pirate says "yar, its drivin' me nuts" 
A Ghost Walks Into A Bar "I'm just here for boos"
A limbo champion walks into a bar He was disqualified.
a horse walks into a bar the bartender says "we don't serve horses here"  the horse replied, I am not a horse.  the bartender said "ok are you a horse? yay or neigh?"  the horse said "fuck you joe"
A dog walks into a bar A sad dog walks into a bar, he asks for a single beer.  The bartender asks "Why the sad face?"  The dog replies "It was a ruff day"
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar with a handful of fresh dog manure and says to the bartender, "Look what I almost stepped in."  (from Garrison Keillor)
So a man walks into a bar... and as he walks in he notices the bar is completely empty except for the bartender and a gorilla in the corner. The guy goes up to the bartender and say "Hey, whats up with the gorilla in the corner?". The bartender goes "Oh I'm glad you asked, watch this"  The bartender whistles loudly and the gorilla walks up to the bartender. The bartender pulls out a baseball bat and starts beating the shit out of the gorilla, really letting him have it. After a few minutes the gorilla gets on its knees and blows the guy. When all is done, it goes back and sits down in the corner.  "Holy Shit, that's amazing" says the guy.  "I know, you want to give it a try?"  "Sure thing, just don't hit me as hard"
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants. The bartender says, “hey, you’ve got a steering wheel in your pants.”  “Ayy, matey. And it’s drivin’ me nuts.”
A blind man walks into a fishing district He says, “Hey Ladies.”
A leprechaun walks into a bar I guess it wasn't set very high
So an American walks into a store in the Midwest and says, I'd like to buy that .50 cal sniper riffle with 4,000 rounds of ammunition and a box of penicillin... The store clerk replies: sorry Sir, I'm going to have to see some paperwork for that penicillin. 
A Donkey walks into a bar As the donkey takes a seat, the bartender asks "what will you be drinking tonight?"  The donkey replies, "give me a shot of your most expensive drink, the top of the top shelf, whatever has the most zeros in its price tag!"  The bartender then asks, "alright, that will be one moment my good sir, what's the special occasion?"  The donkey replies, "I just got my Masters degree and I feel like I'm on top of the world!"  The bartender's snarky response was "wow, I didn't know they let barn animals into colleges these days. What's your degree in, grain-munching?"  The donkey replied, "don't be a smart-ass."
A neutron walks into a bar He asks the bartender, "How much for a beer?"  The bartender offers him a warm smile and says, "For you, no charge".
A book walks into a bar.... The bartender says "we don't serve your kind" So the book goes outside changes his title, then goes back in The bartender says "aren't you the book that just walked in here?". The End
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar They all say it happened but they can't prove they did
A string walks into a bar with a few friends and orders a beer. The bartender says, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve strings here."  The string goes back to his table. He ties himself in a loop and messes up the top of his hair. He walks back up to the bar and orders a beer.  The bartender squints at him and says, "Hey, aren't you a string?"  The string says, "Nope, I'm a frayed knot."
A huge crab walks into a bar... ...and says to the barman, "I demand one pint of lager. I will pay the full price, provided that the following criteria are met. The beer should be served to me within one minute of ordering, and at a temperature of between 6-9 degrees Celsius. The beer should be served in a clean, cold glass and a beer mat must be provided. If the quality of the provided beer does not meet my high standards, you must agree to refund the full amount charged, and provide any additional financial compensation for any discomfort, stress or time wasted."  The barman looks at the crab and says, "why the big clause?"    Edit: Changed details to make the idea that a giant crab might also be a beer enthusiast more believable.
A redditor walks into r/jokes... The redditor notices the subs new avatar and immediately leaves.  Edit: i guess the mods changed the avatar to halloween themed. Still sucks tho.
Dalai Lama walks into Pizza Shop. Says "Make me one with everything."
So, a lizard walks into a pharmacy.... Well, at least it tries to walk. Its legs are wobbly and it's flopping all over the place. It manages to make it back to the pharmacy counter and hands up a prescription to the pharmacist. The pharmacist takes it, looks, and then goes into the back. A minute later comes back and hands a bottle of pills to the lizard. The lizard takes the bottle, pops off the cap, takes a pill, and waits. About a minute later it starts walking up and down just fine, then starts to run  up and down the aisles. Finally, zip! it runs out the door.  A customer watching this asks, just what did you fill for that lizard?' "Viagra." "What??!!" "Yeah, he was suffering from a reptile dysfunction."
A man walks into his house with a sheep under his arm.. His wife see's this and asks, "What the hell is going on here!?"  Man: "This is the pig I've been fucking"  Wife: "That's not a pig, you dumbass, that's a sheep!"  Man: "I know!  That's who I was talking too!"
An atheist, vegan, and a cross-fit trainer all walk into a bar... (not the same joke as the other one on /r/jokes) I only know because they told everyone within two minutes.
A drag queen walks into a bar... He said to the bartender:"I want to eat, drink, and be Mary."
A man walks into a bar and sees his friend sitting beside a 12-inch pianist He says to his friend, "That's amazing. How did you get that?" The man pulls out a bottle and tells him to rub it and make a wish. He rubs the bottle, and a puff of smoke pops out and tells him that he can have one wish. So the man thinks and says, "I wish I had a million bucks." The genie says, "OK, go outside, and your wish will be granted." The man goes outside, but all he finds are ducks filling the sky and roads. He goes back in and tells his friend what happend, and his friend replies, "I know. Did you really think I wanted a 12-inch pianist?"
Two Elves walk into a bar, The hobbit laughs and walks under it.
A renowned climber walks into a mountain bar A lousy climber doesn't because the bar was too high
Two german tourists walk into an american bar One of them says:  "-We would like a martini please!"  The bartender responds:  "-Dry?"  "-Nein, zwei"
A statistician walks into a bar... ...and starts masturbating furiously. The bartender lays his eyes on him and squeals, "You better stop that now!"  The man ignores him and continues so the bartender warns him again, "Stop that now or I will call the police!!!"  The man once again ignores him and continues with his activity so the bartender roars, "Right that's it, I'm calling the police!"  The man calls the police and within 15 minutes a police officer arrives at the bar. He notices the statistitian masturbating and shocked, he asks, "What the hell do you think you are doing?"  The man turns around and smirks, "I'm a statistitian."  The cop sighs, "Very well then," and turns to head out of the bar. The bartender is incredulous and runs after him screaming, "What the hell are you doing? That man is committing an act of indecency and is driving away customers! Why are you turning a blind eye?"  The cop replies, "What do you mean? He's a statistitian so statistically a statistitian is less likely to masturbate in a bar than I am to see a man masturbating in a bar."
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar... OR DO THEY!
Why did a ghost walk into a bar? ....to order some boos.
A duck walks into a bar A talking duck that happens to be an electrician walks into a bar and orders a pint of his favourite larger. The bartender asks him how was work, to which the duck replies "ah its been a long week with a few tough jobs, I was thinking about a career change" The bartender takes a moment to think and then tells the duck "Well why don't you apply for the circus, they are in town this month" The ducks looks puzzled and asks "what would they want with an electrician"
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and see Adolf Hitler. Confuse, the man walks up to him and ask, "Aren't you supposed to be dead?"  To which Hitler replies, "I was but God has given me a second chance and this time I'll accomplish my goal of killing all the Jews and a politician."  Surprise the man exclaims, "Wait why a politician?"  Hitler answers, "See, even today nobody cares about the Jews."
A monocle walks into a bar... After a few drinks he starts to feel pretty good (and a little uncoordinated). He reaches for a cigarette, but the bartender stops him. "Sorry, buddy, but due to city ordinances we don't allow smoking in here. You'll have to step outside to smoke."  So the monocle hops off the bar stool and grabs his cigarettes to head outside. Meanwhile a second monocle emerges from the bathroom. They bump into each other as they cross paths and fall to the floor, hopelessly entangled. They try to get free but the more they struggle, the more tangled they become.  The bartender looks down on this travesty and shakes his head. "Hey you two!" he shouts. "Stop making spectacles of yourselves!"
Two guys walk into a bar and both ask for carbon dioxide. One dies. Why? The first says, "I'll have CO!" The second one says, "I'll have CO, too!"
A crate of 2 by 4’s walks into a bar The bartender says, “Hey, you’re a crate of lumber!”  The crate says, “Yeah, wanna make something of it?
A woman walks into a hardware store and says, "I want to buy a hinge." The clerk says, "Do you wanna screw for that hinge?" The woman replies,   "No, but I'll blow you for a toaster."
A man with short term memory loss walks into a bar. A man with short term memory loss walks into a bar.
A man walks into a bar He was immediately disqualified from the limbo competition.
A woman walks into Walmart She's dragging her two children behind her and turns to yell at them, "hurry up!  Get your ass moving". The Walmart greeter can tell she's not having s good day, so he politely says "Good morning, what a lovely day!"  She rudely responds by telling the greeter to fuck off.  The greeter is surprised, and asks her, "Ma'am are your two children twins?"  "Hell no, ones 5 the other's 8 and they don't look alike at all!  Why the hell would you think they're twins?"  The greeter smiles and says, "I'm just having a hard time believing you got laid twice." 
[Long] A man walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bar is crowded and the people are rather loud. Suddenly, one man shouts #254 and everyone starts laughing loudly.    He asks the bartender what's going on. The bartender explains "you see, people kept repeating the same jokes over and over, so we decided to number the jokes. Now if someone has to say the joke, they just shout the number and we all get it. We have a book where we record it."    The man understands and observes for some more time. Another man shouts #389, and this sends everyone into splits except Dave, who just entered. Everyone notices Dave isn't laughing and ask him what's up? Dave replies "It's just that the doc told me yesterday that I have cancer, so I'm not feeling too great."    Everyone roars and the bartender shouts "never heard that one before"
Two Nazgul, Bob and Dave, walk into a bar. Dave, being the devilishly handsome and smart Nazgul that he is, tells Bob, (who is not the sharpest Morgul blade in the stack,) "OK, just like we discussed. You take the wench on the right and I'll take the one on the left. And try not to fuck it up this time! Ok?"  "Sure thing Dave! I got it all in here." He says, tapping his helmet. "Good, let's go." So they're getting along well with the comely lasses and having a good time when Bob turns to the bar keep to ask for another ale, when he accidentally stabs his wench with his Morgul blade and she dies, screaming in agony. Dave's wench makes a disgusted look. "OMG! Like, I can't even!" And she leaves the bar. Dave turns to Bob. "Dude, you suck at being a wing-wraith."
A three legged dog walks into a bar He says, I came here looking for my Paw
A man walks into a bar.. A man walks into a bar with jumper cables around his neck and the bartender says "You can stay but don't start anything."
Newton, Galileo, and Pascal walk into a bar... They sit down at a table and order drinks, the server tells them it will be a few minutes.  Newton suggests playing a game while they wait.   Pascal says, "how about hide and seek?"  Galileo agrees excitedly, "you two go hide, I will stay here and count to ten." He closes his eyes and begins counting.  Pascal jumps up from his seat, and runs through the bar to find a place to hide.  Newton stands up beside the table, pulls out a piece of chalk from his pocket and proceeds to draw a square around himself; one metre by one metre.  When Galileo is finished counting he opens his eyes to see Newton standing calmly, staring at him.  "Hah," exclaims Galileo, "I found you Newton!"  To which Newton replies, "no you didn't, you found Pascal."
A man walks into a library And says to the librarian "Hi! I would like an 8 ball of coke and an ounce of weed please."  The librarian says "Sir, this is a library!"  The man says "Sorry" and then leans in closely and whispers " I would like an 8 ball of coke and an ounce of weed please."  
Why did the "feminist" man walk into the bar? Because it was set so low.
A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers... and says "Five beers, please."
A bear walks into a bar in Boise... "Bartender, get me a beer."  The Bartender says, "I'm sorry, but we do not serve beers to bears in bars in Boise."   Sternly, the Bear repeats: "BARTENDER. Get Me A BEER!"  The Bartender repeats, "Im sorry, but we do not serve beers to bears in bars in Boise...!"  The woman observing all of this from the other end of the bar begins to get nervous and moves to make a quick exit, but she is suddenly attacked and eaten by the now enraged bear...  "BARTENDER, GET ME A BEER!!"  "I'm sorry but we DO NOT serve beers to bears ON DRUGS in Boise....! That was a barbiturate!!
[long] Man walks into a cowboy bar... It's a really great place, just out of town. Sawdust on the floors, mechanical bull, etc.  Man (Joe) says to the bartender, "Hey, great place you've got here. Did I see you actually have a horse back there?"  Barkeep says, "Yeah, he's kind of the mascot of this place. Doesn't do much but hang out in the stall but I guess that's no different than what drunk people do."  Joe: "I'll bet you $100 I can make that horse laugh. Like, seriously laugh. Horses can't laugh. But I'll make him do it."  Barkeep knows the guy is a idiot. "Deal."  Joe goes back to the stall. Five minutes later he returns. The horse is in hysterics. Tears welling up in its eyes, snorting and carrying on.   Barkeep asks Joe how he did it. Joe said, "I just told him a joke."   Unconvinced, the barkeep said, "double or nothing. Go back there and make that horse cry."  Joe takes the bet, walks back to the barn, emerges a minute later with the horse weeping. Inconsolable, utterly devastated.  Barkeep says, "How the hell...?"  Joe says, "Well the first time I told the horse my dick was bigger than his. The second time I proved it."
A man wearing nothing but saran wrap walks into a psychiatrists office. The Doctor looks at him and says, "Hm. I can clearly see your nuts."
A blackhole walks into a bar. Bartender: What’ll it be?  Blackhole: id like my shoes shined  Bartender:are you dense or something?  Blackhole:yes actually
A black hole walks into a pub The bartender asks the black hole if it wants any food with its martini  “Nah I’m kind of light eater”
A priest, a rabbi and an imam walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says, "What is this, a joke?"
A Black Guy walks into a bar with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder WaW ,says the bartender, that is something really special where did you get it ?  Africa , says the parrot
A bear walks into a bar  A bear walks into a bar in Billings, Montana and sits down. He bangs on the bar with his paw and demands a beer.  The bartender approaches and says, "We don't serve beer to bears in bars in Billings." The bear, becoming angry, demands again that he be served a beer.  The bartender tells him again, more forcefully, "We don't serve beer to belligerent bears in bars in Billings."  The bear, very angry now, says, "If you don't serve me a beer, I'm going to eat that lady sitting at the end of the bar."  The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve beer to belligerent, bully bears in bars in Billings"  The bear goes to the end of the bar, and, as promised, eats the woman. He comes back to his seat and again demands a beer.  The bartender states, "Sorry, we don't serve beer to belligerent, bully bears in bars in Billings who are on drugs."  The bear says, "I'm NOT on drugs."    .........You're gonna love this.........   The bartender says, "You are now. That was a bar*****youate."
An American, an Irish man an a German walk into a bar. The American orders a Bud Light. The Irish man orders a Guinness. The German orders a Coke. "Why don't you drink a beer?" the American asks the German. The German answers: "If you don't drink beer I won't either."
A non drinker walks into a bar Everyone says  "Ah there's the barman"
Two men walk into a restaurant and sit down. A very beautiful waitress comes to their table to serve them. The first man orders, then the woman looks to the second man.   “And what would you like?” she asks.  The man smiles at the server and answers: “A quickie.”  The waitress screws up her face in total disgust. “What did you just say?” she asks furiously.  The man smiles again and answers: “A quickie, please.”  The woman reaches over and slaps him across the face as hard as she can and storms away.  After a moment of silence between the two men, the first man leans over and whispers: “Um, I think it’s pronounced ‘quiche’.”
A black hole walks into a bar... Bartender says "Oh not you again!"  "Yeah it's me, set me up"  "Usual light beer?" says the bartender.  "Of course, bring on the puns"  Lady at the bar "So your the famous blackhole we have been hearing so much about and that you know the answer to every joke"  Blackhole "Yeah well, nothing escapes me"
A tourist walks into a bar. He asks for an Irishman named Seamus. The bartender points to an old man in the back, staring out the window and nursing a pint.  The tourist takes a seat next to Seamus. "Is it true, what they say about you?" He offers the old man a fresh pint.  Seamus smiles at the man, then curls back up into a scowl. "Me bucko," he says, "Do ye see that fence out there? On O'Mally's farm?"  The tourist nods.  "That fence," Seamus continues, "had to completely encircle 48 acres of land. I built it all by meself, with only a hammer and me bare hands. All through the summer and all through the winter, I worked on that damn fence. Never asked for a penny in return, either. But they don't call me 'Seamus the fence builder.'"  Seamus gulps his pint, and wipes the foam off his beard. "Do you see that football, boyo? On the mantle?"  The tourist nods.  "Forty years ago, I kicked that ball right into Liverpool's net. Won the game for our entire team. It was the proudest moment in Irish football history. But they don't call me 'Seamus the Footballer.'"  Seamus points to the floor. "You see that bear-skin rug?"  The tourist nods, again.  "If you look closely, you can still see where I stabbed 'im with a bottle opener. Tracked that monster for thirty days and thirty nights all through the countryside. He had me dead to rights near the end, but ol' Seamus got the last laugh. But aye... They don't call me 'Seamus the bear-hunter.' No..."  Seamus stands up, and stares out the window. "But you repost *one* joke..."
A man Walks into a bar He sees a jar full of cash with ' win ' written on it. He asks the bartender how to win it, bartender says he must make the horse in the stable laugh.  So the man walks into the stable, comes out, and the horse is laughing.   He takes the cash and leaves.   2 days later he comes back and theres another jar, so asks the bartender, this time he must make the horse stop laughing.  So the man walks into the stable, comes back out and the horse is crying.  The bartender gives  him the cash and asks him how he did it.  The guy says " well the first time I told the horse my dick is bigger than his, the second time, I showed it to him."
A man walks into a bar..... he goes to the barman and asks "if I show you something amazing would you give me a free drink"? The barman obliges. The man pulls out of his pocket a little piano along with a little woman. Then all of a sudden the little womman plays Beethoven 3rd symphony perfectly.  The barman astonished reaches down and gives the man his finest bottle of ale. "If you don't mind me asking how did you come across the little woman and her piano"?  "Well that's an interesting story, I was travelling around India when this old guru sold me a old dusty lamp, Wouldn't you believe it when I rubed the lamp a genie appeared and asked me for a wish..." the barman excited cuts the man off half way though his story and asks "I'll give you a thousand quid for the lamp right now"!  The man smiles and agrees. He pulls out the lamp and hands it to the barman. The barman quickly rubs the lamp and a genie appears. "One wish and one wish only" the genie says in his Indian accent. The barman gleefully asks "I wish for a million quid" All of a sudden a million squid fills up the bar. "What the hell, I asked for a million quid NOT SQUID"! The man laughs and says  " I know but did you really think  I asked for a 12 inch pianist"?
A termite walks into a bar and asks, “Is the bartender here?”
This one's for the D&amp;D players. A human, an elf and a dragonborn walk into a bar.  The gnome and halfling walk underneath perfectly fine.
A man walks into a bar and sees a sign that he could win $1000... He asks the bartender on how he could win. The bartender replies, “Well I got a horse out back - if you can make the horse laugh you win the money.”  The man goes out back and not even 5 minutes later he had the horse dying of laughter.  The bartender, being very confused, lived up to his promise and gave the man the money.  The man comes back the next day and sees the sign again and inquires. “Ok, this time you need to make the horse cry!”, says the bartender.  Sure enough the horse ends up crying like a little baby.  The bartender couldn’t believe what he was seeing but paid the man again.  On the third day the man came back for some more easy money and the bartender says, “Look I’m impressed that you were able to make the horse laugh and cry so before I give you another bet, what the hell did you do?”  The man smirked and said, “Well the first time I told the horse my cock was bigger than his and the second time I showed him.”
An astronaut and an alien walk into a bar. They both order a beer. The bartender says "Sorry, this is a sci-fi. We only serve cosmos."
Jupiter, Saturn, and Pluto walk into a bar. After sitting down, Jupiter says: "I'm the biggest planet, give me the biggest beer you have."  Saturn says: "I'm the best looking planet, give me the fanciest drink you have."  Pluto says: "I know I'm not a planet, but give me a shot."
Three logicians walk into a bar... Three logicians walk into a bar.  The bartender says, "Does everyone want beer?"  The first logician says, "I don't know."  The second logician says, "I don't know."  The third logician says, "Yes!"  :)  Edit: Line spacing.  Also, this is not an invention of mine, but it is my favorite joke.  :)
An Indian walks into a bar with a shotgun in one hand and a bucket of buffalo shit in the other.  He says to the waiter, "Me want coffee". The waiter says, "Sure chief, coming right up".  He gets the Indian a tall mug of coffee, and the Indian drinks it down in one gulp, picks up the bucket of manure, throws it into the air, blasts it with the shotgun, then just walks out.    The next morning the Indian returns.  He has his shotgun in one hand and a bucket of buffalo shit in the other.  He walks up to the counter and says to the waiter, "Me want coffee".  The waiter says "Whoa, Tonto. We're still cleaning up your mess from the last time you were here. What the hell was that all about, anyway?"   The Indian smiles and proudly says, "Me in training for upper management. Come in, drink coffee, shoot the shit, and disappear for the rest of the day." 
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar It was tense
A blind man walks into a bar.... Then into a chair, then a table then into a person. The person helps him to sit down and asks if he is okay. The blind man asks the kind person if he wanted to hear a blonde joke and the person responded ‘ You might want to think about it again because the security guard, the bartender, a cop, two blond women and the manager are blonde. Now do you really want to tell that joke?’ The man responds ‘ Nah, I will go over their heads’
An Englishman, Scotsman, and Irishman walk into a bar. An Englishman, a Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a bar, or a pub if you prefer.  They all order a pint of Guinness. Three flies come along and they all manage to land in the beer of the three patrons. The Englishman pushes his beer away in disgust and orders another one. The Scotsman takes the fly out and drinks his beer. The Irishman takes the fly out of his glass, holds it over the beer and starts shaking him up and down finally yelling "Spit it out you bastard! Spit it out!"﻿
A man walks into a bar and is given an apple A man walks into a bar and asks for a rum and coke, the barman looks at him and slaps an apple onto the bar. The man is perplexed and asks why there is an apple, the barman tells the man to take a bite out of the apple. The man bites into the apple and is amazed that it tastes just like rum ! The barman tells the man to turn it around, the man complied and takes another bite and is even more amazed to know it tastes like coke !  As this is happening another man walks into the bar and asks for a gin and tonic, the barman does the same and slaps another apple onto the counter, the man confused stares at the apple for a while. The man next to him realised and encouraged him to take a bite ! The second man does so and is amazed to taste gin ! The barman again tells the second man to turn it around and the second man cannot believe his mind when he tastes the tonic !   A third man walks in and stares at a menu for a while. The first man says to him no matter what you order he will have it in an apple ! The third man decides to try and test the barman and asks for a pussy flavoured one. The barman throws him an apple and the man takes a bite, the man immediately spits the apple out and exclaims “This tastes like ass!” The barman then  says “turn it around”.
A man walks into a bar with a gun He then says:  -Ok I wanna know who's been fucking with my wife, 'cause I'm gonna kill him!  A voice in the back immediately shouts:  -You don't have enough bullets!
A guy walks into a bar with a monkey... He sits at the bar and orders a beverage. It’s midday and the bar is empty so the bartender tells the man that he can let the monkey off his leash. The man obliges, and the monkey goes straight to the pool table. He’s rolling the cue ball around when he suddenly picks it up, sniffs it, then swallows the ball.  The bartender says “I make 500$ a week off that table. What the fuck?”   The man says “I’m sorry, here’s a check for 500$, I’ll be back in a week with your ball.”  The following week, the man shows up again with a paper bag and his monkey. He sets the bag on the table and declares “Here’s your ball, I’m truly sorry for the inconvenience.”  The bartender says, “ I already bought a new ball, so I’m grateful you returned the ball, but let me get you a drink on the house. Can I get anything for the monkey as well?”   The man responds “Sure, I’ll have a beer, and the monkey would be delighted to have some grapes if you’ve got them.”   The bartender serves the beer and places a bowl of grapes on the bar.  The monkey climbs onto the bar, picks up a grape, sniffs it, sticks it in his ass, pulls it back out and eats it. Then repeats the process.  The bartender points at the monkey and says “what the fuck is this?”  The man says “Oh, after last week, he has to size everything up before he eats it.”
A gambler walks into an underground casino with $100 in cash. He immediately heads for the roulette table and slams it all down on red 34.   The roulette wheel spins... aaaaannnd.... black 26.   Just like that, he loses all of his money.   He walks over to the Casino Manager and begs him for an alternative method of payment so he can continue betting. The Casino Manager nods and explains that they've become so efficient at hacking off people's limbs, that they can take off his leg without him bleeding out. A leg fetches a pretty penny on the blackmarket, so they'll give him 500 bucks for it.   He agrees, and the Casino Manager calls over security who proceed to knock the gambler out. They hack off his leg, sealing it immediately with a scoldering iron.   The gambler wakes up, less one leg and a terrible headache, but with 500 bucks in his hand. He hops over to the roulette table and slams the 500 down on red 34.   The roulette wheel spins... aaaaannnd.... red 7.  The gambler hops back over to the Casino Manager and asks him if they would take his arm for payment.   Slightly bewildered, the Casino Manager agrees and they remove his arm.   The gambler wakes up minus one leg and an arm, but 500 bucks in his remaining hand.   He hops back over to the roulette table and slams the 500 down on red 34.   The roulette wheel spins... aaaaannnd.... Black 24.  Hopping back over to the Casino Manager, he insists he takes the other leg!   The gambler wakes up in a heap on the floor... no legs, one arm, and 500 bucks in his hand.   He drags himself along the floor like some mutilated cyborg from a terminator movie and slams the 500 down on red 34.   The roulette wheel spins... aaaaannnd.... Black 13.  He pulls himself back along the floor to the Casino Manager and asks them to take his last limb. After some thought, they do, and the guy wakes up with no arms, no legs and 500 bucks stuffed in his mouth.   He rolls over to the roulette table and spits the 500 onto red 34.  The roulette wheel spins... aaaaannnd.... red 18.  The mutilated gambler rolls himself back across the floor and bumps into the Casino Manager, but before he could speak a word, the Casino Manager slips $100 in cash between his lips and then another $20 on top.   "Sir, may I suggest something", says the Casino Manager, "quit while you're a head".
An original joke walks into a bar and the bartender says, "Welcome to /r/Jokes! I don't think I've seen you here before."   Original joke replies, "Don't worry. Within a week or two, I'll be a regular here!"
A pirate with an eye patch, a peg leg, and a hook walks into a bar. The bartender notices him, and decides to ask about his injuries.      "So..." he starts off, "How'd you get that peg leg?"     "A shark bit off me leg."     "And the hook?"     "An enemy pirate cut off me hand."     The bartender gasps, fascinated by the pirate's stories.     "What about the eyepatch?"     "A seagull pooped in me eye."     "A seagull caused that? How?" The bartender questioned.     "Well, 'twas me first day with the hook..."
A Man walks into a Bank He's sweating profusely and looks exhausted  He gets in line and after several minutes is even worse for wear. Sweating, Twitching and Scratching  He finally gets up to the teller and begins talking in a broken, mumbling voice.  The branch manager walks over to check on him and asks if the man is alright.  The man looks up and replies "Just going through Withdrawals"
So a limbo player walks into a bar And he instantly loses
A sandwich, steak, and chilli walk into a bar The barman says: “we don’t serve food here”
A bear walks into a bar Bear: ..................….…..................….…..................….…..................….…..................….…..................….…  Bartender: why the huge pause
A panda walks into a Chinese’s shop The panda sits down and ask the waiter what’s the special  The waiter says “Wong tong soup”  The panda says “I’ll have 2”  The panda eats his meal and pulls out a shotgun  and shoots a hole in the wall and starts to walk out   The waiter comes running up and says “you can do that here you are going to pay for damages”  “I’m a panda, look it up” - the panda tosses the waiter a dictionary. He flips through it until he finds “Panda”, which reads: Panda: A black and white mammal native to Asia. Eats, shoots and leaves.
Man walks into a brothel and asks how much. Prostitute: "it's €250 for a ride or €100 for a blowjob."  Man: "that's way too expensive" as he turns to leave.  P: "for €20 you can have a Penguin"  M: "what's a Penguin?"  P: "no more questions, take it or leave it, €20 for a penguin"  The man thinks about it and decides that €20 is worth finding out the answer. He hands over the money and she takes him into another room.  She pulls down his pants and starts giving him the best blowjob he's ever had in his life. Right as he's about to finish, she stops and walks out of the room.  With his pants around his ankles and raging hard-on he waddles towards the door "hey, where are you going?!"  --------  (First ever post, sorry if the formatting ends up being off!)
Two women walk into a bar. They sit down and discuss the Bechdel test.
An blobfish walks into 1 bar. The bartender asks, "Why the saggy face?"  It became sad, so it decided to go to another bar. The blobfish is asked "Why the saggy face?" again, so it decides to go to another bar. However, the blobfish slowly began to return to normal. When he had already visited 15 bars, he was back to normal.  -----  **^Note:** ^bar ^as ^in ^atmospheric ^pressure
A pirate walks into a bar... with steering wheel in his pants.  The bartender asked: "isn't it annoying having that steering wheel in your pants?"  The pirate replied: "ARG! Drives me nuts!"
A guy walks into a bar in LA and orders a martini shaken Im sorry
A Deaf mute walks into pharmacy to buy condoms. He has difficulty communicating with the pharmacist, and cannot see condoms on the shelf.     Frustrated, the deaf-mute finally unzips his pants, places his dick on the counter, and puts down a five dollar bill next to it.     The pharmacist unzips his pants, does the same as the deaf- mute, and then picks up both bills and stuffs them in his pocket.     Exasperated, the deaf mute begins to curse the pharmacist wildly in sign language.     "Look," the pharmacist says, "if you can't afford to lose, you shouldn't bet."
A Politician, Sexual Predator and Criminal walk into a bar Bartender says "What can I get for you Mr. President?"
A roman guy walks into a bar, lifts two fingers and says: "I'll take five beers"
A construction worker walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt. The bartender asks: “What can I get you?”  The construction worker says “One beer for me, and one for the road.”
A Roman legionnaire walks into a bar. He holds up two fingers and says “Five beers, please.”
2 men and a midget walk into a bar The first man says   “My name is Chris short for Christopher” The second man piped up and said   “My name is Nate short for Nathan”   Finally the midget says: “My name is Robert, I’m just short”
A woman walks into a bar and asks the bartender for double entendre So the bartender GAVE IT to her
A cowboy walks into a saloon and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman. He gives her a quick glance, then causally looks at his watch for a moment. The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?"   "Nope." he replies. "I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it."  The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What's so special about it?"  The cowboy explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically."  The lady says, "What's it telling you now?"  "Well, it says you're not wearing any panties."  The woman giggles and replies, "Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties!"  The cowboy smiles, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing's an hour fast."
A racist man walks into a bar... He sees a black man sitting casually at the side, and is disgusted by the sight of him.  He then waves to the bartender and says, "I'd like to order a beer for everyone here except the black guy."  As everyone else is treated to a beer, he looks back at the black man in hopes of getting a reaction out of him.  The black man still sits casually, this time with a smile on his face.  Confused and annoyed, the racist man waves again to the bartender and says, "another round for everyone except that same man."  As everyone else enjoys their second beer, the racist man looks back again at the black man, who is still smiling.  visibly angered, the racist man calls the bartender over a third time and orders a another round of beer for everyone except the black man.  He then looks at the black man one more time, and sees him laughing.  Furious, he rushes back to the bartender, points at the black man and asks, "Okay, what the hell is up with this guy?"  The bartender then replies, "Oh, you didn't know? He owns this place."
A neutron walks into a bar A neutron walks into a bar, and orders a drink. The neutron asks the bartender how much he owes, and the bartender says, "Don't worry, no charge."
A blind man walks into a bar. And a chair. And a person.
A guy walks into a bar... As he's walking up to the bartender, he notices a little man, just sitting on the bar, at a little piano playing music. He looks at the bartender with amazement, "Wow, that is incredible!"  The bartender shrugs his shoulders, "If you think that's neat, I have a genie bottle here with a real genie in it. He'll grant you one wish." The bartender pulls out the bottle and hands it to the man.  The man rubs the bottle and, sure enough, a genie appears in a cloud of smoke, "I shall grant you one wish!" The man thinks, then wishes, "I wish for a million bucks..."  Suddenly the bar is full of feathers and quacking as ducks litter the floor up to the waist. "What the hell!?"  "Oh, yeah." The bartender says, "I should have told you the genie is hard of hearing. That's how I ended up with a twelve inch pianist."
A man with a crocodile walks into a pub He stands in the middle of the pub, pulls out his meat and two veg and puts it inside the crocs mouth.   The man gives the crocodile a big old slap around the head and the crocs clamps down and bites his penis.  The man doesn't scream or even flinch. Everyone watches in amazement.   At this point the man says to everyone in the pub "if anyone can do this without screaming I will give them $1000 and free drinks for the rest of the night".  At this point an old lady walks up to the man and says "ill do it, aslong as you don't smack me around the head" 
Two scientists walk into a bar The first scientist says “I’ll have some H2O” He happily drinks the drink  The second scientist says “I’ll have some H20 too” The bartender gives him a drink, and the second scientist soon dies
A data analyst walks into a bar and sees two tables.. So he goes over to them and says; "Hey guys, can I join you?"
A blind man walks into a bar It hurt
Three men walk into a bar The fourth one ducks
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says " I haven't seen you around here before. What'll you have?"  "Pop," goes the weasel. 
A priest, a pastor and a rabbi walk into a bar. A priest, a pastor and a rabbi walk into a bar and soon begin arguing over who’s the best at what they do.  Eventually they decide that in order to prove who’s the best, they would all go out alone into the woods and convert a bear to their respective religion.  A few weeks later.. they meet up at the bar and the priest announces, "I found a bear by the river and started talking to him about the Lord. He liked it so much that he now comes to mass every week."  The pastor says, "Well, I saw a bear in the clearing. I started reading him the bible and he loved it so much that he is now going to be baptized in about a week."  The priest and the pastor turn to look at the rabbi, who now has a broken arm, a fractured collarbone and several cuts and bruises. The rabbi says, "You know what, looking back, maybe I shouldn't have started with a circumcision."
Brexit walks into a bar. Barman: “Why the long farce?”
Three pirates walk into a bar The first pirate has a peg leg. The second pirate has a hook for a hand. And the third one doesn't have any teeth. The bartender asks the first pirate, "What happened to your leg?" He responds with, "Aargh a shark get me leg!" Then bartender asks the second pirate pirate, "What happened to your hand?" to which he responds, "A barracuda get me hand!" And finally the bartender asks the third pirate, "What happened to your teeth?" and he says, "Aargh thuh gummy bearsss got me teethhh!"
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar Just kidding
Two men walk into a bar You would’ve thought one of them would of seen it
A woman walks into an ice cream shop and tries to order two scoops of chocolate ice cream The man behind the counter says "Sorry, we don't have any left. The woman apologizes and says "Oh ok. In that case, I'll have a cone... with two scoops of chocolate ice cream." The man is confused and says "Lady, I just told you that we don't have chocolate anymore." The woman says "Damn, I am so sorry. I guess I forgot that. Ok so then in that case, I'll have just a cup... with two scoops of chocolate ice cream." The guy sighs and says again "Ma'am, I'm sorry, but we don't have chocolate at the moment. The woman says "Ohhhh right right right. Sorry. Then I guess I'll have a Sundae....with two scoops of chocolate ice cream." The man is furious at this woman's incompetence and says "Ok lady, answer me this. How do you spell the 'van' in vanilla?" The woman says "V-A-N" The man says "How do you spell the 'straw' in strawberries?" The woman says "S-T-R-A-W" Then the man says "So now how do you spell the 'fuck' in chocolate?" The woman is confused and says "There's no fuck in chocolate" "THATS WHAT IVE BEEN SAYING THIS WHOLE GODDAMN TIME"
3 men walk into a bar You'd think the 3rd would have ducked
A man walks into a bank and pulls out a gun. He says, "I'm here to make a deposit. Put the money in the bank."
An American, a Canadian, a Dutchman, and an Irisman walk into a bar. They ask the barkeep, "Do you know da wae?" 
So a Guy Walks Into a Bar... So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes. There, in the corner, there’s this one-foot-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.   So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”  And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”  So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with geese.  So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”  And the bartender reclaims, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”  So the guy processes this. And he’s like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve-inch penis?”  And the bartender replies, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”  And the guy’s like, “World peace.”  So the bartender is understandably ashamed.  And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.  And the bartender, in a shy way, says, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”  And the guy’s like, “You don’t have to.”  But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”  And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s like, “Where do you think that comes from?”  And the bartender’s like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”  And the guy goes, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”  And the bartender’s like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”  So, at around this point, the twelve-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”  And the bartender goes, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.  And the twelve-inch pianist continues, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”  And the bartender’s like, “That’s horrible.”  And the twelve-inch pianist shrugs. And he states, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”  And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he speaks, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”  And then he starts to cry. And he goes, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”  And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat-up Plymouth Voyager appears!  And the pianist is like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”  And everybody laughs. And the pianist is like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”  And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve-inch pianist?”  And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me?”  And the bartender’s response is, “No, it’s not like that.” You know? He’s trying to backpedal.  And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.  And the bartender goes, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”  And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean that.”  And the bartender’s like, “Whoa, calm down.”  And the pianist is like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”  And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.  And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.  And the bartender’s like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”  And the pianist is like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”  And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”  And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.  So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.  So the guy’s like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”  And the genie’s like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.  And the guy says, “Well done.”  And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one-foot-tall boyfriend.” 
A drunken man walks into a biker bar A drunken man walks into a biker bar, sits down at the bar and orders a drink. Looking around, he sees three men sitting at a corner table. He gets up, staggers to the table, and leans over. Then he looks the biggest, meanest, biker in the face and says,  "I went by your grandma's house today and I saw her in the hallway butt naked. Man, she is one fine looking woman!"  The biker looks at him and doesn't say a word.  His buddies are confused, because he is one bad biker and would fight at the drop of a hat.  The drunk leans on the table again and says,  "I got it on with your grandma, and she is good. The best I ever had!"  The biker's buddies are starting to get really mad but the biker still says nothing.  The drunk leans on the table one more time and says,  "I'll tell you something else, boy, your grandma liked it!"  At this point the biker stands up, takes the drunk by the shoulders, looks him square in the eyes and says...  "Damn it, Grandpa, you're drunk! Go home!"
schrodinger‘s cat walks into a bar.. ...and it doesn’t 
A weasel walks into a bar. The Bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get you?" "Pop," goes the weasel.
A man walks into a bar... It hurt very badly because it was made of metal...
An atheist, a vegan, and a crossfitter walk into a bar I only know because they told everyone within two minutes of arriving 
Saitama (One Punch Man) walks into a bar He asks the bartender for a drink and says that he wants a fruity drink. The bartender gives him ONE PUNCH
A horse walks into a bar.... ...and the bartender says why the long face?
A guy walks into a bar. A guy walk in to a bar on the bar sat a pot of gold. The guy ask the bartender what the pot of gold was for. The bar tender said there is a horse out back if you can make him laugh the gold is yours. The guy then walks out side walk up to the horse and whisper in its ear. And the horse cracked up and started laughing. He collect the gold and leaves. The next day he returns and see a new pot of gold even bigger than the one yesterday. He ask the bartender again what the gold was for he said this time you have to make the same horse cry. Guys walk over to the horse did some thing and then whispered in its ear again this time overtime started to cry uncontrollably. Guy walks back in grabs the gold  and heads to the door. Half way there to the door the bartender yell hey how did you do it? The guy turned and said I get him my dick was bigger than his. Then to make him cry I proved it. 
r/Jokes walks into a bar The baretender says "Hey haven't I seen you before?"
A white pirate walks into a bar.. A white pirate walks into a bar with a beautiful parrot on his shoulder.    "That is really special," said the bartender. "Where did you get it?"    "Europe," replied the parrot. 
A woman walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre.  “So he gives it to her.” 
3 dogs walk into a bar .. The first dog, a big dog, walks to the bar and asks for 3 frothy beers. The barman is stunned and exclaims "What!? A talking dog! I can't believe it!"  The dog sighs. "I get this all the time! I'm a talking dog. Whoopty doo. My name is Huey and I do regular dog things. I chase cars, drag my arse on the carpet, eat bones and fuck old socks." He takes the beers and returns to his seat.  15 minutes later the second dog, an even bigger dog, approaches the bar and orders 3 frothy beers. "You're kidding me! Another talking dog!?".   The dog sighs. "I get this all the time! I'm a talking dog. Whoopty doo. My name is Duey and I do regular dog things. I chase cars, drag my arse on the carpet, eat bones and fuck old socks." He takes the beers and returns to his seat.  15 minutes later the third dog approaches the bar. The barman excitedly asks "Let me guess, your name is Luey and you do regular dog things too?"  "No." the dog replied, "My name is Socks and I've had a terrible day .. just get the fucking beers."
A grasshopper walks into a bar and the bartender says “hey. We have a drink named after you!” The grasshopper says, “you have a drink called Murray?”   A kid told this joke at freshman orientation at Umass. I still laugh at it. And it’s not even that funny. 
The Beachboys walk into a bar. "Round?" "Round." "Get a round?" "I'll get a round." 
A stick insect walks into a bank A stick insect walks into a bank wearing a cowboy hat with two guns holstered at his side.  He yells "HEYYYYYYY, this is a stick up."
A weasel walks into a bar The bartender says “wow I’ve never served a weasel before what can I get you ?”  “Pop” goes the weasel 
A man walks into a pharmacy and tells the clerk, “I need some birth control for my 11 year old daughter” The clerk says “Your daughter is sexually active at 11?”  The man replies, “No, she just lies there like her mother!”
Two men walk into a bar... ...the third one ducks.
A man walks into a bar He sits at the bar an orders a beer from the bartender. While drinking his beer he looks around the bar and notices a larger gorilla sitting at the far end. Trying not to panic, he quietly calls the bartender over and says  “What’s with the gorilla at the end of the bar?” The bartender responds “Oh man, you gotta see this!” The bartender take a bat out from behind the bar, walk over to the gorilla, and hits him in the back of the head with the bat. The gorilla immediately jumps up, runs around the bartender three times and the pulls his pants down and gives the bartender a blowjob. After finishing up and zipping back up the bartender says to the man “ Pretty cool huh?”  The man agrees that it was amazing. Bartender says “Wanna give it a try?”  To which the man replies “Nah, I don’t think I should”. Bartender “Come on man give it a try! I promise you’ll love it!” The man “Alright, but you’re not gunna hit me as hard as you hit the gorilla, are ya?”
I was about to walk into a store When I inadvertently stepped in some dog shit, so I grumbled a bit, wiped it off and went about my business. As I was leaving, I saw that someone else had stepped in it too and was leaning on the store window, scraping off his shoe. I walked up to him and said “I just did that!” And he punched me in the face. 
Bill Cosby and Cardi B. walk into a bar. Everyone hides their drinks.
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink. The neutron asks the bartender, "How much do I owe you?" The bartender replies, "For you, neutron, no charge."
A horse in Russia walks into a bar, with a thick Russian accent the horse asks the bartender to pour him a glass of vodka. Before I go on with the rest of the joke, you should know this joke is about Descartes' famous philosophy of "I think therefore, I am." I'm explaining that part now, because in soviet Russia you put Descartes before the horse.  The bartender says "you're in here pretty often. Think you might be an alcoholic?", to which the horse says "I don't think I am.", and vanishes from existence.  
A man walks into a bar, and the second he does, the bartender tells him of a bet. He says, "You see that meat on the ceiling? You have three tries to grab it. If you grab it within three tries, you get free drinks for life. If you don't, you've got to buy the whole bar a round."  The man contemplates for a while, but eventually answers. "Nah, I'll pass. The steaks are too high."
A bartender walks into a bar The bartender says to the bartender  “Welcome to my bar fellow bartender, what can I get you? Some bar food perhaps?”  To which the bartender replied  “I’ll have a steak bar the barbecue sauce.” Said the bartender   The bartender, a little offended that the bartender barred the barbecue sauce said  “Our barbecue sauce is the best in world bar none. We import our barbecue from Barcelona.”  Impressed with the bartenders exotic barbecue he agreed to the use of the sauce. The bartender served the bartender his steak with barbecue from Barcelona and all was well. Then, the bartender full from barbecue, barfed all over the bar.   “Was there barley in that barbecue from Barcelona?! I’m allergic to barley!”  “Well of course there was! Barbecue from Barcelona always has barley!”  Furious, the bartender who was covered in barf barked  “You’re in trouble now! You’re going to be behind bars after I release a carefully plotted graph representing the opinions of your bar!”   “Let me guess! A BAR GRAPH?!?!”  “No, a poll.”
A man walks into a bar and orders a shot then looks into his pocket. He does this over and over again.  Finally the bartender asks why he orders a shot and after drinking it he looks into his pocket.  The man responded " I have a picture of my wife in there and when she starts to look good then i'll go home."
Sixteen sodium atoms walk into a bar… followed by Batman.
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The first orders a pint, the second orders half a pint, then  a quarter, then an eight...  Eventually the barmen hands over two pints saying "you mathematicians, you just don't know your limits"
A cowboy walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman. He gives her a quick glance then causally looks at his watch for a moment.  The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?"  "No", he replies,"I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it.."  The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What"s so special about it?"  The cowboy explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically."  The lady says, "What"s it telling you now?"  Well, it says you"re not wearing any panties." The woman giggles and replies "Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties!"  The cowboy smiles, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing"s an hour fast."
A man walks into a brothel with only 5 dollars... ...he approaches the worker and says "this is all the cash that I have".   The employee says "no problem, we've a dead hooker upstairs".  The man goes "excellent!"  15 minutes later he returns seemingly in a good mood.  The worker says "so, how was it?".  "It was fantastic!" says the man, "the only problem is that her nose kept running".  The worker replies "oh, she must be full".
An Economist walks into the Police Station So an Economist walks into a Police Precinct. He walks up to the Desk Sergeant on duty and says "I want to report an accident at 5th Street and Main Street."    The Desk Sergeant says "Yeah, ok, so what happened there?"    The Economist replies "Well, one car ran a red light and T-boned another car.  They blocked the whole intersection and backed up traffic for blocks in all directions."  So the Desk Sergeant gets on the radio  and says "All units, accident at 5th and Main. Two vehicles, traffic blocked, possible injuries.  Please respond."  After a few minutes, the radio crackles and a Patrolman responds and says "Hey, Sarge, did you say 5th and Main?"  The Sergeant looks at the Economist, who nods. The Sergeant says "That's right, 5th and Main"  The patrolman replies "Sarge, there's no accident here."   Surprised, the Sergeant says "What do you mean? Are you sure?"  The patrolman radios back and says "I'm sure Sarge.  I'm standing on the corner of 5th and Main right now.  Traffic's flowing like normal; no stopped cars, no glass, nothing.  Everything's fine."  The Desk Sergeant turns to the Economist and says "Alright, Mac, what are you trying to pull?  I got a man on the scene, and he says there's no wreck at 5th and Main at all!  He's there right now, and the traffic's flowing smoothly."  The Economist looks puzzled and replies "Well . . . of course it's fine now; the accident happened 5 years ago."
An old guy walks into a bar and the bartender asks for ID. "You've got  to be kidding," he said. "I'm almost 70 years old." The bartender  apologized, but said he had to see the license. The guy showed his ID,  then paid and told the bartender to keep the change. "The tip's for  carding me," he said. The bartender put the change in the tip cup.  "Thanks," he said. "Works every time." 
Sam walks into his boss’s office. “Sir, I’ll be straight with you, I know the economy isn’t great, but I have over three companies after me, and I would like to  respectfully ask for a raise.”  After a few minutes of haggling the boss finally agrees to a 5% raise, and Sam happily gets up to leave.  “By the way”, asks the boss as Sam is getting up, “which three companies are after you?”  “The electric company, water company, and phone company”, Sam replied.
A blind man walks into a bar And a chair,and a table.
A horse walks into a bar, the bartender says "why the long face" the horse replies "I have clinical depression" 
So Bill Gates walks into an Apple store and farts the hell out of life. Everyone looks at him and says dude wtf it stinks. Bill Gates b like "well its not my problem ya'll dont have windows in here"  &amp;#x200B;
A blind man walks into a bar... And a table. And a chair. 
So a blind guy walks into a bar \*Thud\*
A dog walks into a saloon All the patrons go quiet as they look at the dog who’s wearing spurs and a cowboy hat, with a gun on his hip.  The bartender says, “now listen here partner, we don’t want any trouble. What’s your business?”  The dog lets out a faint growl, lifts up his front right leg and replies, “I’m looking for the man who shot my pa”.
A Vegan, an Atheist, and an Anti-Vaxxer Walk Into a Bar Eight people are trampled as everyone else flees the bar.
A lawyer, a teacher, and an anti-vaxxer walk into a bar The lawyer leaves early because she wants to be home in time to tuck her five-year-old in.  The teacher leaves a little later to make sure his teenage son gets home at a reasonable hour.  The anti-vaxxer stays and has several more rounds because... well. 
So a guy walks into an adult club for people who like to pee on each other... The manager comes up to him and says "So why are you here? Do you want to join us?".  The man says "Well, I like being peed on, so yes I'd like to join".  The manager looks him dead in the eye and says "You're in".  
A teetotaling woman walks into a bar dead set on getting people to stop drinking. She sits next to an older gentleman drinking a beer. The woman asks, "Excuse me, how many beers do you drink per day?"  "Usually about three."  "And how much do you pay for a beer?"  "Including tip? About $5 per beer."  "How long have you been drinking beer?"  "Oh, about twenty years, I guess."  "So, at three beers per day you're spending roughly $450 per month on beer."  "Yeah, that sounds about right."  "And over the span of a year you spend $5,400 on beer."  "Yeah, I guess so."  "$5,400 per year over twenty years is $108,000! You know, if you didn't drink beer you could have invested that money and would have had even more. You could have bought something like an airplane with that kind of money!"  "Yeah, that could be true, I suppose. Now, let me ask you a question; do *you* drink beer?"  "I most certainly DO NOT!"  "Then where's your fucking airplane?"
A blind man walks into a bar... ...and a chair, and a table.  Ouch
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar. He sees a beautiful, well-dressed woman sitting on a bar stool alone.   He walks up to her and says, "Hi there, how's it going tonight?"   She  turns to him, looks him straight in the eyes and says, "I'll screw  anybody at any time, any where... your place or my place, it doesn't  matter to me."   The guy raises his eyebrows and says, "Really? What law firm do you work for?"  
A toothless termite walks into a pub and asks “Is the bar tender here?”
A hot New Zealander girl walks into a bar. The bartender says: "Can I help you?"  The girl replies: "I want sex."  Nervously, the bartender says: "Well, um, I don't finish work until 8 so-"  The girl interrupts him and says: "Are you gonna give me sex beers or what?"  "Oh, well, here you go then", says the bartender as he proceeds to hand the girl 6 beers.
A frog walks into a bank and approaches the teller He sees from her nametag that the woman working at the counter is named 'Patricia Wack'.   &amp;#x200B;  "Hello Patricia." the frog says politely. "I'm here today because I'd like to borrow $200,000"   &amp;#x200B;  Patricia does a double-take, and looks at the frog incredulously.   &amp;#x200B;  "You, a frog, want to take out such a large loan? I'm afraid there's no way I can approve that." Patricia replies.   &amp;#x200B;  "Yes, I know." answers the frog, apparently expecting this response. "But I know the bank manager. Believe me, it'll be ok. Besides, I can provide this as collateral."   &amp;#x200B;  The frog reaches into his pocket and retrieves an small but immaculately carved marble elephant, and places it onto the counter.   &amp;#x200B;  Patricia, dumbfounded, picks up the elephant and retreats into the bank's back office to consult with her manager.   &amp;#x200B;  "I've just had the oddest exchange." Patricia explains to her manager when she finds him. "A frog is waiting out there in the bank, wanting to take out a $200,000 loan. He claims that you know him, and will approve it."   &amp;#x200B;  "Ah, yes." replies the manager knowingly. "A most remarkable young chap. Though he doesn't look it, he's actually the son of Mick Jagger, feel free to approve the loan."   &amp;#x200B;  Patricia holds up her finger.   &amp;#x200B;  "But sir" she insists. "You haven't heard the strangest part. He wants to provide *\**this\* as collateral." she places the frog's marble elephant on her manager's desk.   &amp;#x200B;  "I mean." she laughs. "What even \*is\* this?"   &amp;#x200B;  Patricia's manager looks her dead in the eye.   &amp;#x200B;  "It's a knick knack Patty Wack, give the frog a loan, his old man is a rolling stone."   &amp;#x200B;  (credit for the joke goes to Kerry O'Brien AFAIK)   &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;
A cornea, a female sheep, a tire and a nerd walk into a haunted house The cornea bounces in first, making plenty of noise all throughout the house, and leaves terrified and satisfied.  The female sheep prances in next, and terrified bleeting can be heard by all, before she leaves in fear.  The tire rolls in next, making loud, frightened rubbery noises inside, then rolls out seriously scared.  Finally the nerd wanders in, squealing and squeaking loudly as he goes through the house. He exits meekly, having been rocked to his core.  The haunted houses elderly neighbour has finally had enough with all the noise, and stomps up to the owner, shouting “I’m done with all the racket!!”  “I don’t think we’re that loud.” The owner responds apathetically.  “Yes you are!” The old man yelps, “I wrote down every instance of the hubbub that you made!”  The owner looks up at the old man, curious. “All right, read it off to me.”  “Well,” The old man clears his throat. “I heard an eye scream, a ewe scream, a wheel scream and a four eyes scream!”
A guy walks into a bar And there is a long line of fellas hitting each other in the face.
logᵧ(x) walks into a bar The bartender asks, "y the log base?"
A man walks into a sex toy shop and asks for an inflatable doll.  The clerk asks "regular or Muslim?"  The man asks "what's the difference?"   "The Muslim doll blows itself up" the clerk replies.
a man walks into a bar He gets a concussion.
Man walks into a bar ( long) A fellow walked into the bar,sat down and ordered a beer. Over the course of a few hours he continued to drink beer after beer. The barman notices that the fellow never got up to go to the gents room. He continued to drink through the night until last call.  At this point, the barman was astonished that he had consumed dozens of beers without getting off the stool once.  The fellow polished off his final beer and headed for the door. Walking up to, and leaning on the lamp post by the the curb, he proceeded to unzip and prepares to let loose. Suddenly a copper shows up, taps him on the shoulder, and says,  "Hey buddy, you can't piss here! The totally inebriated fellow looks up, pointing across the street, and says " I'm not going to piss here, I'm going to piss WAAAAY over there.
A Cherokee chief walks into a hotel. The receptionist: “You have a reservation?”  The Cherokee chief walks away, feeling insulted and depressed.
A blind guy walks into a bar His knee hurts for a little bit afterwards but eventually he shakes it off and feels better. 
What's red and walks into walks a lot? A puppy with forks RAMMED into it's eyes
A Nun walks into a bar, looking like she hasn't washed in weeks.  She leans up against the bar, clothes all covered in dirt, stinking to high heaven, and lights up a cigerette.   The barman says, "You know, thats a filthy habbit Sister!"  "I know, I know", she replies, "but I haven't got anything else to wear."
A man walks into the bedroom to see his wife packing "What are you doing?" He asked.  "I'm off to New York," she replies. "I hear prostitutes get paid $400 doing what I do to you for free."  The husband begins packing his bags.  "What are you doing?" asked the wife.  "I'm coming with you," he said. "I wanna see how you live off $800 a year."
A Christian, an Athiest, and a Vegan walk into a bar... How do you know? Because they all told you
A man walks into the doctor’s, sweating. He says, “Doctor, I’m afraid of backstories.” “Okay then. So when did this all start?”
Two peanut walk into a bar One was a-salted
A man walks into a beach bar He approaches to the bartender and asks  Man:What can I have to drink?  Bartender:Anything from the menu  Man:Then I will have... Sex on the Beach  Bartender:Alright I will meet you there in 5  minutes but we have to be quiet. 
A man walks into a pharmacy A man walks into a pharmacy and wanders up and down the aisles.   The sales girl notices him and asks him if she can help him.   He answers that he is looking for a box of tampons for his wife.   She directs him down the correct aisle.   A few minutes later, he brings a huge bag of cotton balls and a ball of string and places them on the counter.   She says, confused, "Sir, I thought you were looking for some tampons for your wife?”  He answers, "You see, it's like this, yesterday, I sent my wife to the store to get me a carton of cigarettes, and she came back with a tin of tobacco and some rolling papers; cause it's sooo-ooo-oo-ooo much cheaper. So, I figure if I have to roll my own...so does she.
An honest politician, and honest businessman, and a generous banker walk into a bar Dang it Morty wrong universe - Rick sanchez
A chemist walks into a bar. He asks for H₂O. Another chemist walks into the bar, and asks for H₂O too. And then he died.
A pregnant woman walks into a bank and lines up at the first available teller. Just at that moment the bank gets robbed and she is shot three times in the stomach. She was rushed to the hospital where she was fixed up. As she leaves she asks the doctor about her baby.  The doctor says, "Oh! You're going to have triplets. They're fine but each one has a bullet lodged in its stomach. Don't worry though the bullets will pass through their system through normal metabolism."   As time goes on the woman has three children, two girls and a boy. Twelve years later, one of the girls comes up to her mother and says "Mommy, I've done a very weird thing!"   Her mother asks her what happened and her daughter replies, "I passed a bullet into the toilet." The woman comforts her and explains all about the accident at the bank.   A few weeks later, her other daughter comes up to her with tears streaming from her eyes. "Mommy, I've done a very bad thing!" The mother says, "Let me guess. You passed a bullet into the toilet, right?"   The daughter looks up from her teary eyes and says, "Yes, how did you know?"   The mother comforts her child and explains about the incident at the bank.   A month later the boy comes up and says, "Mommy, I've done a very bad thing!"   "You passed a bullet into the toilet, right?"   "No, I was masturbating and I shot the dog."
Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a martini The bartender asks him, olive or twist?
A Man Walks into a Bar Long and (hopefully) not a repost.    A man walks into a bar where he see's a drunk Irishman sitting alone on a stool. He pulls up a seat beside him and asks "hows life bud?"  "Not so great these days", the Irishman says.  "Why's that?", the man asks.  "Well ye see that firehall down the road? I built that with me own bare hands", says the Irishman.  "Well that seems like a pretty great accomplishment", the man replies.  "There's more. Ye know the hospital up town? I built *that* with me own bare hands", the Irishman continues  "Well I still don't see what's so bad about that either!", the man says to him.  "Aye, and that school just down the way from here? I built that with me own bare hands too", says the Irishman.  "Look, these are all things to be proud of! How could you possibly be down about all this?", the man asks.  "Well, do they call me Charlie the firehall builder? No. Do they call me Charlie the hospital builder? No. Do they call me Charlie the Schoolhouse builder? No. But ya fuck one goat..."
A father walks into his son’s new shop on the grand opening, hoping to be his first customer. The son says, “don’t patronize me!!”
A man walks into a bar And on the bar is a bucket of money. He asks the bar tender, what's the deal with the bucket of money? The bar tender says we have a challenge here, for $50 you can try the challenge to win the money... First you must drink a bottle of hot sauce. Then out back we have pitbull with a bad tooth. You have to pull the tooth and put it on the bar. And last we have a 600 lbs virgin you have to have sex with.   The man looks at the bucket and says I don't think so I'll have a shot and a beer.  Few more beers with a couple more shots and the man puts $50 into the bucket. The bar tender open a bottle of hot sauce and sets it down. The man gulppes it down no problem. He heads out back. They here the dog barking, growling and wimpering. The man come into the bar with his shirt all tattered and dirty. He says... Now where is the fat girl that needs a tooth pulled? 
A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bartender says, "What's with the paper towel?" The pirate says, "Arrr! I've got a Bounty on me head!"
4 beer company CEOs walk into a bar The CEO of Budweiser orders a Bud Light.  The CEO of Miller orders a Miller Light.  The CEO of Coors orders a Coors Light.  The CEO of Guinness orders a Coke.  The first three ask the CEO of Guinness why he didn't order a Guinness, to which he replied:  "I figured if you 3 weren't ordering beer it would be rude for me to."
A priest, a minister, and a rabbi walk into a forest A priest, a minister, and a rabbi are camping at the edge of a forest after an interfaith conference. One day, they decide they want to see who’s best at his job. So each one agrees to go into the forest, find a bear, and try to convert it.   At the end of the day they all get together to share how things went. The priest begins: “When I found the bear, I read to him from the catechism and sprinkled him with holy water. Next week is his first Communion.” The minister and rabbi are both surprised at his success.  The minister, not wanting to be outdone, goes next. “I found a bear by the stream,” says the minister, “and preached God’s holy Word. The bear was so mesmerized that he let me baptize him.” The priest and the rabbi are both in awe at this, marveling at the power of the good book.  They both look down at the rabbi, who is lying on a gurney in a body cast. “Looking back,” he says, “maybe I shouldn’t have started with the circumcision.” 
A guy walks into the bar of a restaurant and goes to the bartender and asks "How much for a beer?" The bartender replies "Free".  The customer, completely amazed, orders a beer then asks the bartender "Well then how much for a NY sirloin, with side of mashed potatoes and salad, and an entire cheesecake for desert?"  The Bartender replies "Free".  The guy, still amazed, then orders everything and after he is done eating his meal, then says "Wow, this place is amazing, I really wish I could meet the owner of this place".  The bartender then says "Oh well, he's upstairs in his office with my wife".  The guy looks all confused, then asks "What is he doing upstairs in his office with your wife?"  The bartender then says "The same thing I'm doing to his business".
A Roman walks into a bar He holds up 2 fingers and says “five beers, please”
A guy walks into a pub with a cat and a heron... ... and they all sit at the bar. The guy calls over the bartender and orders himself a beer. The heron orders a glass of wine and the cat orders a whisky but tells the guy he has got to pay. The heron and the cat take their drinks and sit at a table.   The bartender leans over to the guy and asks what that was all about. The guy says "well I found this lamp in the attic. I thought what the hell and gave it a rub. And to my surprise out came a genie!." The bartender taken aback ask what the guys wish was. The guy says " I am a simple man and all I wished for was a bird with long legs and a tight pussy!"
A biker walks into a bar and sits down on a bar stool near the end of the bar. He takes a look at the menu and it reads as follows:  Hamburger - 2.99  Cheeseburger - 3.99  Chicken Sandwich - 4.99  Hand Jobs - 19.99  The crusty old biker waves the bartender down, and up walks this tall, busty, beautiful redhead in her mid-twenties. She smiles at the biker coyly, and he asks in a quiet voice "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" The bartender blushes slightly and says "Yes, I am" with a sexy little smile.  The biker grins and says "Well wash your hands, because I want a cheeseburger."
A duck walks into a bar... ...and asks for a pint of beer, the bartender says, "I'm sorry, we don't serve ducks at this establishment."  To which the duck politely leaves.  &amp;#x200B;  The next day the duck walks into the same bar, walks up to the bartender &amp; again asks for a pint of beer.  The bartender replies "I told you yesterday that we don't serve ducks here! If you come in here again, I will personally nail your beak to this counter! Now please leave!"  To which the duck promptly leaves.  &amp;#x200B;  The following day the duck walks into the bar again &amp; goes right up to the bartender &amp; asks "Do you have a hammer?", to which the bartender replies "No?!", the duck then says "Great! Please can I have a pint of beer then?"
A socialist and college student walk into the most liberal bar they could find... ...The college student orders first and asks for a free drink for his struggles. The socialist asks the bartender to make his drink out of the redistributed drinks of all he richest individuals in the bar.   Two minutes later the bartender comes back with two empty glasses.   “Where are our drinks?”  They demand.   The bartender responds: “This is a postmodernist bar and we recognize drinking is actually a very limiting social construct. Now we let everyone decide what drinking means to them.”    
A Horse Walks into a Bar Get lost Bojack.
A guy walks into a bar and asks for a beer "That'll be five dollars", says the bartender, and the guy throws 20 quarters onto the floor. Reluctantly, the bartender picks up the coins and serves the beer.  The next day, the guy comes into the bar, asks for a beer, throws 20 quarters onto the floor, etc.  The next day, again.  On the fourth day, he asks for a beer, and hands the bartender a 10$ bill. The bartender takes advantage of his chance for revenge, throws 20 quarters onto the floor and yells "here's your change asshole!"  The guy looks down at the coins and says: "I'll have another beer, please."  Edit: typo  Edit 2: Wow, this got more attention than I expected. Thanks everybody!
A cowboy walks into a bar and orders a beer... Taking the beer, he takes a few sips.    A couple sits down next to him, orders drinks and starts up a conversation with the cowboy. They ask him, "Are you a real cowboy?"  The cowboy thinks for a moment, and says "Well, I guess so. I ride horses, herd cattle, wear cowboy boots, work outside all day, so yeah, I am a real cowboy."  After the conversation ends, the couple leaves a bar. A few moments later, a young woman sits at the bar and strikes up a conversation with the cowboy, asking "Are you a real cowboy?"  The cowboy responds a little a faster this time, stating "Yeah I guess so, I ride horses, herd cattle, wear cowboy boots, work outside all day, so yeah I am a real cowboy."   Annoyed by the second person asking, the cowboy asks the woman what she is. The woman responds "I am a lesbian, I think about girls all day, when I wake up in the morning, in the shower, eating meals, before bed, I'm thinking about girls."   The conversation ends and the woman leaves the bar. A few moments later, a young man sits at the bar next to the cowboy, and asks "Are you a real cowboy?"  The cowboy responds "I used to think so, but I just discovered I'm a lesbian." 
A skeleton walks into a bar It orders a beer and a mop
A guy walks into a bar and goes up to the counter.. He puts down an empty glass at one end and walks over to the bar tender at the opposite end and says “I bet you $1000 I can stand here on the counter and piss in that glass down at the other end, without missing a single drop.”  The bartender laughs and says “Impossible. I’ll take your $1000, you’re on.” The guy agrees and goes into another room for a moment. He comes back, gets on top of the bar and begins to pee.  He pees all over the bar, all over the stools, all over the drinks, even on the bar tender himself. He doesn’t make a single drop in the empty glass.  The bar tender, with a gross look on his face, says “Well, I’ll take my $1000 now.” The guy says  “okay, one sec.” and goes into the other room again.  He comes back and while laughing gives the bar tender his $1000. The bartender says “You just lost $1000, why are you laughing?”     The guys goes “I just bet the guys in the other room $2000 I could piss all over you and your bar and you wouldn’t even be mad about it!”
Man walks into a bar and asks the bartender to pour him ten shots of whiskey. Bartender says, "Wow, are you sure?" Man replies, "If you had what I have, you'd want ten shots, too." He pours the man his shots and the man takes each one. Bartender says, "Okay, you gotta tell me what it is you've got." The man replies, "Seventy-five cents."
A termite walks into a pub and asks, "Is the bar tender here?"
A man, his son and a dog walk into a bar. "Ow!"  "Ow!"  "Woof!"
A guy walks into a tavern.. A guy walks into a tavern. As he walked up to the bar he noticed a twelve-inch man playing the piano, so he asked the bartender, "What's that all about?" The bartender told him he that would tell him later. So the guy asked the bartender for a drink. The bartender said, "Before you get your drink, you get to rub the magic beer bottle and make one wish." "Okay," said the guy. He went over to the magic beer bottle and rubbed it. Poof. Out came a genie.   The genie, of course, said, "You have one wish." The guy thought about it and then wished for a million bucks. A cloud of smoke filled the room, and then both the genie and the guy disappeared. In a few minutes, the guy reappeared back in the bar with a million ducks all around him. The guy was astounded and said to the bartender, "Hey! I didn't want a million ducks." The bartender replied, "Do you think I wanted a twelve-inch Pianist?"
The M25 walks into the bar The M25 walks into the bar and sits down, ordering a pint and has a few swigs.  A couple of minutes later, the M1 walks into the bar and sits down.  The M25 immediately goes over to the corner and cowers away while the bartender asks the M1 "The usual?", to which he gets a grunt of approval.  Another few minutes later the M1 begins sweating profusely and looking really uncomfortable - even getting up and going to the other corner of the bar, while the M25 was staring at him confused.  A blue piece of asphalt sits down, has a pint, then leaves, and when he does, the M1 breathes a sigh of relief.  So the M25 goes up to him and asks "Hey mate, look, you're the M1! Big, gruff, and an impressive motorway! What are you doing being scared of a puny piece of blue asphalt?"   The M1 takes a few seconds, just checking the blue asphalt was gone "...he's a cyclepath..."
An electrician walks into a bar Bartender says “Watt are you drinking today?”
A blind man walks into a bar ... and a wall, and a tree, and a cactus
A racist, a pervert and a fascist walk into a bar... The bartender asks "what will you have to drink, Mr  Trump?"
An ion walks into a bar and tells the bartender “I think I dropped an electron on the way in.” The bartender asks, “are you sure?” “I’m positive”
A guy walks into the bathroom at a bar He sees a tiny man standing on a stool taking a piss. As he walks up to a urinal he looks over and can't help but notice this tiny man has a monster member. The tiny man looks up and asks "Wtf are you looking at?" The man responds "I'm sorry but I couldn't help but notice....that" "Well," the tiny man says "leprachauns are all well hung and I being a leprachaun can grant you one wish" The man excitedly responds "I want one of those" The leprachaun now done peeing says "you got it. But you have to let me get on my stool and plop this monster into your backdoor" The man, confused, thinks for a moment then says "well, my wife would love one of those. Okay, you got a deal, but make it quick" The tiny man gets on his stool as the man bends over and goes to work. After a few pumps he asks "so what's your name?" The man replies in obvious pain "pete" "Ahhhh peter" the tiny man gasps "how old are you peter" The man, now panting "42!" The tiny man, now near completion says "well Pete, aren't you a little old to be believing in leprachauns?"
An Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a pub Suddenly the Scotsman shouts "A round for everyone on me"  The headline the next day read "Irish ventriloquist found beaten to death behind behind pub"
A Mexican walks into a bar... A Mexican walks into a bar and says, 'I need tequila'.   The barman says, 'how many shots will you need?'   The Mexican says, 'One will do, i have very good aim.'
One Sunday afternoon, a guy walks into a bar with his pet cat. The bartender said, "Sorry, pal. No pets allowed." The man replied, "This is a special cat. Turn on the Winnipeg Jets game and you'll see."  The bartender, anxious to see what will happen, turned on the game.  The guy said, "Watch. Whenever the Jets score, my cat does flips." The Jets keep scoring and the cat keeps flipping and jumping.  "Wow! That's one hell of a cat you got there. What happens when the Jets win the Stanley cup" asked the bartender.  The man replied, "I don't know. I've only had him for eight years."
A guy walks into a bar with a pet alligator... Bartender says "Sorry sir, no pets allowed..."  Guy says "But this is a well trained alligator. May i demonstrate first?"   Out of curiosity, "Sure" says the bartender.   The guy picks up his pet alligator, sets it on the bar, and the alligator slowly opens its mouth. The pet owner proceeds by pulling out his cock, rests it inside the gator's mouth and then asks for an empty beer bottle. He then takes the bottle,  smashes the bottle with brute force on the gator's head, and the gator slowly closes its mouth gently on the man's cock. The entire bar then applauds with amazement. While zipping his pants, the man says "Would anyone else like to try?"  At the end of the bar, a hand slowly rises and the man says "Id love to try, but would you mind not hitting me so hard with the bottle"
Three drunk guys walk into a brothel... The madam sees them and tells the girls, “just use blow-up sex dolls, they are so wasted they won’t know the difference”. So the three guys find themselves in their rooms with a girl, so the deed, and walk out. The first guy says, “those girls were odd”. The second says, “yeah, I wonder if they were dead, cause no matter what I did, she didn’t move.” The third guy says, “no way, I think they were witches!” Both other guys stopped at this, shocked, and ask, “what? Why do you think they were witches?” The third guy replies, “because when I bit her ass, she farted on my face, and flew out of the window...”
A bee keeper walks into a pet store He asked the person at the counter for 12 bees. After walking out the store, he notices that he's been given 13 bees by accident.  He walks back in and says “there has been an accident, and you’ve given me 13 bees.”   The Shopkeeper says "No mistake sir, that one is a freebie!"
Guys walks into a psychiatrist's office He goes, "Doc, you have got to help me. My brother's crazy, he thinks he is a chicken". Doc says, "why don't you bring him in" Guy goes "You know, I would, but I need the eggs"
A tourist from Canada walks into a Moscow restaurant. He orders fries and gravy. When the order comes and he tastes it, he says "Ugh, I hate this poutine!"  He was never seen again.
A man walks into a hunting store One day a man walked into a sporting goods store looking to buy a rifle. The man had never been hunting before and asked the clerk if he could recommend a rifle.   "Oh yes," the clerk said. "I'm not a very good shot but I've done quite a lot of hunting in my day, even did some big game hunting with my brother in law."   To which the man responded "No way! Did you get anything?"   "I sure did, we were in the African jungle when we suddenly stumbled upon a monstrous crocodile. He was a mean one too. With scars all over his face this was surely one bad croc. My brother in law said he wanted to wrestle it and take a picture afterward. So he crept right up to it, until they were face to face, nose to nose, eye to eye, tooth to tooth. The giant croc stretched its massive jaws preparing to take a bite out of my brother in law. Naturally I couldn't let that happen so I raised my rifle and shot him, shot him right between the eyes."   "Amazing" said the man.   "Yeah and I had this fancy belt made after I got back to our camp."   "Oh wow! So the belt is genuine crocodile skin?"  "No, genuine brother in law"
A woman walks into a bar... The bartender asks her what she’d like.  She replies, “I’ll have a double entendre.”  So he gave it to her.
Three drunk guys walk into a brothel... The madam sees them and tells the girls, “just use blow-up sex dolls, they are so wasted they won’t know the difference”. "But madam, are you sure?" one of the girls asked. "Yes," replied the madam, "it be a surprise mechanic."
A 17 year old male walks into a drug store. He says "I've been invited to Christmas dinner at my new girlfriend's house. Afterwards I hope there is a chance I get lucky, if you know what I mean" Clerk: "How about condoms then? They could come in handy. Here's a pack." The young man after paying walks to the door, stops, smiles, comes back: "you know what, the mom is also smoking hot, I think I'll take another pack, just in case I get extra lucky."  Christmas eve comes around, the boy sits at the dinner table and the Mom asks him to lead the family in saying grace. So the boy complied and starts praying, and praying, and praying. After awhile the daughter leans over and quietly says to him “I had no idea you were so religious,” to which the boy replies, “I had no idea your dad was a pharmacist.”
A North American Elk walks into a pizzeria... A North American Elk walks into a pizzeria and sits at an empty table while he waits for the waiter. The waiter hands him a menu and the Elk ponders for a bit. He's not really in the mood for pizza, so he narrows it down to pasta. The Elk is finally ready to order, so he calls for the waiter. The waiter asks him what he wants, and the Elk  hesitates for a second.  "Locomotive."  The waiter is puzzled. "What?"  "Land Rover."  "Sir, that's not on the menu."  "Lake Michigan."  The waiter is unsure what to say. Frustrated, the Elk brings his leg up on the table to point out what he wants on the menu.  "This is what I want."  "Sir, you don't have any fingers... I can't tell what you're pointing at."  "Just give me the damn spaghetti."    Edit: Here's the obscure reference the joke is based off of: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/c596eb/comment/es0goq7  Sorry to everyone who was confused, I didn't expect the post to gain this much traction.
A blind man walks into a bar.....  a table, a chair, a lamp-post.....
A nun walks into a pet shop, set on purchasing a parrot. The shop owner, noticing the Holy Sister, hurries quickly to offer her a hand and enquire as to what she’s after.  “Well, you see sir, the Nunnery can be rather drab, believe it or not, and so we’d like to add some colour, but we need a well behaved parrot, absolutely no swearing.” The owner replies  “Oh of course, Sister! Come with me, I have just the thing!” The owner beckons and ushers the Nun to the back corner of the store, where three parrots are sat on perches. The nun can’t help but notice that two of the parrots have a single string attached to one of their legs, with the third having two strings, one attached on each leg. Noticing the quizzical look on the Nun’s face, the owner is quick to explain.  “You see sister? That parrot on the left with the single string? Pull it, and he’ll recite the Book of Psalms, without error. The Parrot on the right? Pull the string and he’ll recite the Song of Songs, the Hail Mary and the Our Father. The one in the middle with two? He can do either, just pull one for Psalms and one for the Prayers! As you can see, they’re very holy and sacred birds”. The nun responds “Wow, they’re amazing, truly beautiful birds! But I only have one question. What happens if you pull both strings at the same time?”  “I fall off my fucking perch, you goddamn shit-for-brains”, replies the parrot.
A vegan, a bitcoin trader and someone who didn't vote in 2016 walk into a bar. Who tells you about it first?
A horse walks into a bar; the bartender asks, "Hello, do you want a beer?" The horse responds, "I think not," and promptly disappears. Now, admittedly, this joke only makes sense if you are familiar with the French Enlightenment philosopher, Rene Descartes, who famously said, "I think, therefore I am." The horse thought not, and therefore wasn't...  But if I had explained that first, I would have been putting Descartes before da horse!
A priest and a rabbi walk into a bar. They should have looked where they were going. 
A priest, a rabbi and a hooker walk into a bar A priest, a rabbi and a hooker are sitting in a bar talking about their careers.  The rabbi says I make a living preserving the innocence of young men.  The hookers states I make my living taking the innocence of young men.  The priest leans back and smile “ I make a living doing both”.
NSFW A guy walks into a bar with his crocodile on a leash He sits down on the stool and everyone hurries to the back of the bar.  "Easy people, he doesn't bite" the guy said  -"Well, it's a fucking crocodile isn't it, those fuckers bite" a bar guest says.  -"No I assure you, he doesn't bite, I bet 10$ I can put my finger in his mouth and he won't bite it off."  The barkeeper accepts the bet and the guy knocks twice on the head of the crocodile, the crocodile opens its mouth and the guy puts his finger in. He knocks again and the croc's mouth closes.  "See? No biggie?"  The guy knocks again, the croc's mouth opens and his finger is still attached.  Everyone is amazed.  The barkeeper gets 10$ out and challenges him to put his entire arm in for 50$, the guy accepts;  He knocks, the crocodile opens its mouth, guy puts his arm in, guy knocks again, crocodile opens its mouth and amazingly his arm is still attached.  Grumpily the barkeeper gets 50$ and gives it to the guy.  The guy says: "Okay, does anyone want me to do the same with my penis for 100$."  Everyone is quiet because they would hate the bloodbath which would ensue, after a full minute an old lady steps forward and says:  "Okay, but don't hit my head that hard."
Bob and Jim walk into a bar. Bob says, "Hey Donkeyboy, get me a drink." The bartender gets him a drink.  Bob says, "Donkeyboy, get me another drink." The bartender gets him another drink.  Finally, Jim asks the bartender, "Why does he call you Donkeyboy?"  "I don't know. Hehaw-hehaw-he always calls me that."  
A man walks into a bar... And says “oww.”
A German walks into a library and asks for a book on war... The Librarian says, "Fuck off, you lost the last 2 you had"
A man walks into a bar He sits at the bar and orders a drink. The bartender, noticing the mans very disturbed asked what’s wrong.   The man replies “my wife kicked me out, said she doesn’t want to see me for a month.”   The bartender starts consoling the man, telling him it’ll be okay, the month will fly by. Anything to make the man feel a little better.   The man looks up from the beer, with sad red eyes. “You don’t understand, it’s been a month”
An American, an Frenchman, a Spaniard, and a German walk into a bar... ...and don't order a thing.  The bartender, concerned that perhaps they somehow didn't notice him through the crowded bar, calls out to them.  "I can help you down here!"  It's a bit loud, so he calls out again.  This time, the gang responds.  "Yes!" "Oui!" "Si!" "Ja!"
An Irishman, a Scotsman and an Englishman walk into a bathroom The Englishman takes a piss, and wipes his hands very thoroughly with 7 squares of toilet paper, while loudly proclaiming that "In England, we always do our job extremely thoroughly"   The Scotsman takes a piss, and wipes his hand with just one square of toilet paper, using every square inch of the paper, while loudly proclaiming that "In Scotland, not only do we do our job thoroughly, but also efficiently"   The Irishman takes a piss, and walks right out while loudly proclaiming "In Ireland, we don't piss on our fucking hands"
A snake walks into a bar The bartender says: "How did you do that?"
A man walks into a bar .. (Later)   The man walks into the hospital ..
A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign hanging over the bar which read: Cheese Sandwich: $1.50, Chicken Sandwich: $2.50, Hand Job: $10.00 Checking his wallet for the necessary payment, he walks up to the bar and beckons one of the three exceptionally attractive blondes serving drinks to an eager-looking group of men.  “Yes?” she enquires with a knowing smile, "can I help you?"  I was wondering, whispers the man, "are you the one who gives the hand-jobs?"  "Yes", she purrs, "indeed I am."  The man replies "Well wash your f#cking hands, I want a cheese sandwich!"
A man walks into a bar, beaten to a pulp Bartender: oh my god, what happened to you?  Guy: This guy beat me up because he thought I was hitting on him  Bartender: That’s terrible!  Guy: Yeah, you should see the other guy  Bartender: That bad, huh?  Guy: No, he was hot as fuck.
A guy walks into a bar “Ouch,” he says, because it was a heavy metal bar, and his ears are accustomed to jazz.
A woman walks into a bank.. A woman walks into a bank in NYC before going on vacation and asks for a $5,000 loan.  The banker asks, “Okay, miss, is there anything you would like to use as collateral?”  The woman says, “Yes, of course. I’ll use my Rolls Royce.”  The banker, stunned, asks, “A $250,000 Rolls Royce? Really?”  The woman is completely positive. She hands over the keys, as the bankers and loan officers laugh at her. They check her credentials, make sure she is the title owner. Everything checks out. They park it in their underground garage for two weeks.  When she comes back, she pays off the $5,000 loan as well as the $15.41 interest.  The loan officer says, “Miss, we are very appreciative of your business with us, but I have one question. We looked you up and found out that you are a multi-millionaire. Why would you want to borrow $5,000?”  The woman replies, “Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?”
A giraffe walks into a bar and lies on the floor The bartender asks a nearby customer "what's that lyin' on the floor?"  The customer replies "that's a giraffe not a lion!"
A man walks into a bar... And notices a very large jar on the counter,and sees that it's filled to the brim with £10 bills. He guesses there must be at least ten thousand dollars in it. He approaches the bartender and asks, "What's with the money in the jar?"  "Well..., you pay £10, and if you pass three tests, you get all the money in the jar and the keys to a brand new Lexus."  The man certainly isn't going to pass this up, so he asks, "What are the three tests?"  "You gotta pay first," says the bartender, "those are the rules."  So, after thinking it over a while, the man gives the bartender £10 which he stuffs into the jar.  "Okay," says the bartender, "here's what you need to do:  First - You have to drink a whole quart of tequila, in 60 seconds or less, and you can't make a face while doing it."  "Second - There's a pit bull chained in the back with a bad tooth. You have to remove that tooth with your bare hands."  "Third - There's a 90-year old lady upstairs who's never had sex. You have to take care of that problem."  The man is stunned! "I know I paid my £10 -- but I'm not an idiot! I won't do it! You'd have to be nuts to drink a quart of tequila and then do all those other things!"  "Your call," says the bartender, "but, your money stays where it is."  As time goes on, the man has a few more drinks and finally says, "Where's the damn tequila?!"  He grabs the bottle with both hands and drinks it as fast as he can.Tears stream down both cheeks -- but he doesn't make a face -- and he drinks it in 58 seconds! Next, he staggers out the back door where he sees the pit bull chained to a pole. Soon, the people inside the bar hear loud growling, screaming, and sounds of a terrible fight -then, nothing but silence!  Just when they think that the man surely must be dead, he staggers back into the bar. His clothes are ripped to shreds and he's bleeding from bites and gashes all over his body. He drunkenly says, "Now..., where's that old woman with the bad tooth?"
A guy and his dog walk into a bar, they order two whiskey, cheer and both drink it. The waitress looks stunned and asks if there are other tricks his dog can do. The man answers ''Yes, he's very good at oral sex. The woman blushes and asks ''Really, can I try it?'' The man answers ''Sure'' and sends the dog and woman in a private room, the woman lies there naked and the dog looks at her with a confused look. The man enter the room and shouts ''Every single time this stupid dog doesn't know what to do, fine, I'll demonstrate it one more time!'
Two men walk into a bar You would think the second one would have seen it coming.
A Blind man walks into the bar...  A blind man enters a bar and find his way to a barstool. After ordering a drink, and sitting there for a while, the blind guy yells to the bartender,   &amp;#x200B;  "Hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?"  &amp;#x200B;   The bar immediately becomes absolutely quiet. In a husky, deep voice,the woman next to him says,   "Before you tell that joke, you should know something. The bartender is blonde, the bouncer is blonde and I'm a 6' tall, 200 pound blonde with a black belt in karate. What's more, the fella sitting next to me is blonde and he's a weightlifter. The woman to your right is a blonde, and she's a pro wrestler. Think about it seriously, mister. You still wanna tell that blonde joke?"   &amp;#x200B;  The blind guy says, "Nah, not if I'm gonna have to explain it five times."
An extortionist, a klansman, and a wife beater walk into a bar. The bartender says "What will it be, officer?"
A panda walks into a restaurant and orders a sandwich. After eating, the panda pulls out a gun and shoots the waiter, and leaves.  Next day, the headlines read *Panda eats shoots and leaves!*
A boy walks into his school, ready to start the next day. The school security team stops the boy. “You are in trouble for being an arsonist. Go to the principal’s office now.”  Puzzled,  the boy says, “Im not an arsonist.” The security officer rips off the boy’s backpack. He opens it to find a laptop, a pair of scissors, and a half used pack of gum.  The security officer says, “You see, if you cut the end off of your cord such that it exposes two bare wires, then cut two semicircles out of the gum wrapper, touch the two together and plug the charger in, you get a fire. And if you can make fire, that clearly must mean that you are about to commit arson.
Chicken walks into a Library Chicken walks into a library and walks up to the librarian with a satchel and says BOOK! Librarian hands the chicken a book and the chicken leaves the library. In the morning, the chicken returns to the library with the satchel, walks up to the librarian and says BOOK BOOK! The Librarian hands the chicken two books and the chicken leaves the library. The librarian is convinced the chicken cannot read a book at all or read three in one night. On the third day, the chicken returns to the librarian and says BOOK BOOK BOOK! The librarian loads the chickens satchel up with a bunch of books and hands it off to the chicken. The chicken leaves the library and the librarian follows behind. The chicken walks across the street to a park. The chicken walks up and down a hill to a pond and there is a frog on a lily pad. The chicken hands a book to the frog and the frog says REDDIT!
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one says, "give me a beer please."  The second one says, "give me a half of a beer please."  The third one says, "give me a quarter of a beer please."  The fourth one says, "give me an eighth of a beer please."  And so on.  Frustrated, the bartender says, "know your limits!", and places two  beers on the table.
An Asian and a Redneck walk into a bar...... Wait, did I say bar? I meant baseball bat!
A gorilla walks into a bar Holy shit run! 
A small hare walks into Mr. Bear's Forest Grocery Store... "Hey, Bear," he says, "Got any rotten carrots?"  "No, Hare," the bear responds. "I only have sweet fresh carrots. Do you want some?"  The hare shakes his head and walks out. The next mornings he walks in again.  "Hey, Bear, got any rotten carrots?"  "No," the bear says, "I've already told you, I only carry fresh carrots here."  This repeats the next day, and another. Eventually, on Thursday evening, the annoyed bear brings in a crate of rotten carrots to his store, and on Friday morning the hare comes back.  "Hey, Bear," he asks, "Got any rotten carrots?"  "Yes," the bear responds. "Here they are on the shelf, a crate full of rotten stinking carrots."  The hare smiles, pulls out an ID and says: "FDA, Mr. Bear. Food inspection." 
A guy walks into a bar with a dog... ... The bartender looks up and says, "You can't come in here with that mutt!"  The guy says, "Whoa, whoa, whoa! This ain't no ordinary dog. As a matter of fact, you should be paying for my drinks, because this dog is going to draw a crowd. It's a talking dog."  The bartender scoffs, but is curious non-the-less, "Let's hear him."  The guy looks to his canine companion, "Hey Rover, what does sandpaper feel like?" The dog looks back and happily answers, "Ruff! Ruff!"  The bartender sighs, "Okay, very funny, but get out of my bar."  "Wait, wait," the guy replies. He looks to his furry buddy, "Rover, what's on top of this building?" The dog looks at his master, "Roof! Roof!"  "Alright!" the bartender is now pissed, "Get out or I throw you and your mangy mutt out!" He waves over the bouncer.  "Okay, okay, okay, hold on!" The guy looks back at his dog, "Rover, who is the greatest baseball player of all time?" The dog looks up and without hesitation, "Ruth! Ruth!"  The bartender has had enough, "Throw 'em OUT!" The bouncer immediately tosses the guy and his dog into the street with little concern with how they land.  They lay there, in the road, a little worse for wear. The dog looks up at his master, "Was it DiMaggio?"
NSFW - Two dildos walk into a butt One turns to the other and says, “I thought you said this place was tight?”
A guy walks into his home with a chicken under his arm... Husband: "here's the cow I've been sleeping with"  Wife: "that's not a cow that's a chicken"  Husband: "I wasn't talking to you"
A black hole walks into a bar A black hole walks into a bar and orders a drink.   The bartender asks if it would like food with that.  The black hole says, "No thanks, I'm a light eater."
A man walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the loan officer.      The man says he is going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5,000.  The loans officer says the bank will need some kind of security for such a loan, so the man hands over the keys and documents of a new Bentley Continental, parked on the street in front of the bank. Everything checks out and the bank agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. An employee drives the Bentley into the bank’s underground garage and parks it there.  Two weeks later, the man returns and repays the $5,000, plus interest, which is $15.41. The loans officer says: “We are very happy to have had your business and this transaction has worked out very nicely, but we are a little puzzled. While you were away, we checked you out and found that you are a rich man. You have a good-sized house in up-state New York, a sizeable equity portfolio and no debt at all. We are curious as to why you would bother to borrow $5,000?”  The man replied: “Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for $15!”
A goldfish walks into a bar The bartender says, “you left 3 seconds ago”
An American woman walks into an Italian Starbucks. She asks for a venti latte and takes her seat. She sits there for 30 minutes, exasperated that she doesn’t have her latte yet.  After a while, the cashier finally calls her name, and the woman goes up.  The cashier hands her 20 lattes.
A black boy walks into the kitchen where his mother is baking and accidentally pulls the flour over onto his head. He turns to his mother and says, “Look Mama, I’m a white boy!”  His mother smacks him and says, “Go tell your Grandma what you just said!” The boy finds his grandmother and says, “Look Grandma, I’m a white boy!” His grandmother bends him over, spanks him, stands the boy back up, and says, “Now, what do you have to say for yourself?”  The boy replies, “I’ve only been a white boy for five minutes and I already hate you black people!”
A priest, a rabbi, and a boy scout walk into a bar 30 minutes later, the priest and rabbi walk out, the Boy Scout limps
An electron walks into a bar. The bartender looks up. The electron waves.
So a guy walks into a beer distributor... Guy walks into a beer distributor and asks for a case of bud light  &amp;#x200B;  Distributor: " why wouldn't you just get Budweiser, its on sale"  &amp;#x200B;  Man: " ah last time I had a whole case of that I was blowing chunks all night"  &amp;#x200B;  Distributor: " yeah if you drink a whole case that'll do that to ya"  &amp;#x200B;  Man: "I don't think you understand, Chunks is my dog"
Three blondes walk into a bar... You think the third one would have noticed.
A photon walks into a hotel. The porter asks if he needs any help with his luggage. The photon says, “No thanks, I’m traveling light.”
A doctor walks into an examining room. A doctor walks into an examination room and puts his hand on his patients shoulder.  “I’m afraid I have some bad news. You’re dying, and you don’t have much time left.”  “Oh no!” Says the patient. “How long do I have live?”  “Ten,” says the doctor.  “Ten?!” Cries the panicked patient.  “Ten what? Days? Weeks? Months?” The doctor calmly replies, “Nine ...”
A spanish photon walks into a bar The bartender says "What'll it be?"  The photon says "Una cerveza por favor."  A few minute later the bartender comes back and the beer is finished so he says "Hey buddy, want another?"  The photon replies "No mas."
A moth walks into a podiatrists office Moth:hey there doc I’ve got a problem   Doctor:sure thing mr moth what can I help you with?  Moth:well you see doc, I lost my job because my boss is a total ass and I finally told him how I feel, got me fired. After that my wife left me because I wasn’t going to be making money for a while, she kicked me to the damn curb, I’ve got no money, no job, no wife, and no where to call home. I think I might just kill myself  Doctor: that’s awful mr moth I’m sorry to hear that, but I’m a podiatrist it sounds like you need a therapist why did you come to me?  Moth: oh the light was on
A human walks into a bar... As they walk up to the bartender, some important game is playing on the T.V..  "Who are you rooting for?"  The bartender looks back, pissed, as if the rage of a thousand lifetimes were present in that moment.  "The fuck did you just call me?"  The person, flustered, "waht?"  The bartender's, eyes started watering from laughter.  "Hogs root!"
A stranger walks into a local bar... He is a big guy but no one has ever seen him in there before. "Who is the toughest guy in here?", he shouts to the bar keeper. "Well right now I suppose it is Clyde over at the pool table." The big man walks up to Clyde, rolls the pool balls around, picks up a pool que and just beats the daylights out of poor Clyde and leaves. Next day the big man walks back into the bar, "Who is the toughest son of a bitch in here?", he yells again at the bar keeper. "Well Dwight is sitting at the end of the bar eating a sandwich, but you best not mess with him. The tough guy walks down to the end of the bar, picks up Dwight's sandwich, takes a bite, drops it on the floor and grinds his heel into it. Dwight stands up to punch this sucker but the though guy proceeds to beat the piss out of him leaving him a bloody mess, and leaves. After two more days of this the bar keeper gets an gorilla from his buddy at the zoo, and locks it in a stall in the men's room. Though guy walks in, "Who is the toughest mother fucker in here today?" He demands. "In the john taking a shit" The tough guy storms into the bathroom, slams the door and it sounds like World War Three. Pictures fall off the wall, dust puffs out from under the door, etc. This goes on for 25 minutes.  Finally the tough guy staggers out of the john, black eyes, broken arm, dragging his leg, just beat to hell. "I see you finally met you match, eh?" Says the bar keeper. "No, you tell that asshole when he comes to, his fur coat is on the toilet.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender, as this is a common occurrence, is familiar with this horse who is a regular. Because he sees this horse in his bar so much he decides to inquire: "hey thar horse, I sees you comin' 'round here pretty often. Is you an alcoholic?" To which the horse replies, "I think not!" And poof, he promptly disappears.  Now any philosophers around will understand the concept of Cogito Ergo Sum, or, "I think, therefore I am", but to explain that before telling the joke would be putting Descartes before the horse.
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under 1 arm. He says "I'll have a beer please, and one for the road!"
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender asks the horse if it wants a drink (we're assuming horses wanting drinks in this bar is a regular occurrence), to which the horse replies "I think not." It promptly disappears.  This is the point in time when all the philosophy students in the audience begin to giggle, as they are familiar with the philosophical proposition of *cogito ergo sum*, or *I think, therefore, I am*.  Now, this concept could have been explained to the rest of the audience beforehand, but that would be putting Descartes before the horse.
Helium walks into a bar The bartender says “we don’t serve noble gasses”   It didn’t react 
A pirate walks into a bar with a ships steering wheel attached to his crotch. The bartender says ‘hey pal, you know you have a giant wooden wheel attached to you junk right?’  The pirate says “Aahr, it drives me nuts!’
A man with no toes walks into a bar... ...the bartender looks at the man's feet and says "Sorry, we don't serve your kind here."  The man is confused. He asks a nearby customer what the bartender is talking about. The customer responds:  "He's 'lack-toes' intolerant."
A man walks into a Psychiatrist's office naked, but completely wrapped in Saran Wrap, The Psychiatrist takes one look at him and says, "Clearly, I can see you're nuts."
Helium walks into a bar... The bartender says, "we don't serve Noble Gases here."  Helium does not react.
A man walks into an outhouse in the woods He hears a noise coming from the toilet, so he looks down it to investigate. He discovers a Native American man standing at the bottom of the pit, and asks "How long have you been down there?!?" The man replies "Many moons."
A man walks into a bar and he sees this small man playing the piano. The man, astounded, asks the bartender why there is a small man playing the piano in the bar. The bartender pulls out a dusty old lamp and says that there is a genie in there and that he would grant one wish to anyone who frees him. So the man walks outside the bar with the lamp, rubs it and sure enough a genie comes out. "Thank you for freeing me. For this, you can have one wish." So the man thinks for a bit and shouts, "I want a million ducks!" and as soon as he said it, money fell from the sky, hundreds and thousands of cash scattered everywhere. So the man collects all the cash and walks back into the bar to return the lamp. The bartender, who witnessed the whole event asks, "Wow, how did you know that the genie was hard of hearing?" "Well," the man replies, "I see this joke posted here every day."
Hulk Hogan walks into a bar...   Girlfriend in tow, they sit down at a table in the back of the bar.  Girlfriend proceeds up to the bar to gets some beers. A drunk at the bar leans over to Hulk's girlfriend and says "Damn lady, you sure are mighty fine!"  She shakes it off and walks back to enjoy their drinks.   Round two, she goes back to the bar and this time the drunk leans over and says "Man I'd love to suckle on that nice set of titties you got!"  Off she goes with her two beers shaking her head.  Round three, she heads back to the bar, this time with the drunk man stating "Man I'd love to turn you upside down and fill your pussy full of that beer and drink it out. Furious now, she runs back to Her boyfriend in disgust.   "Hulk, that drunk guy at the bar is trying to hit on me, and then he said he'd like to suck on my titties!"  Hulk is furious at these comments, stands up and flips the table over ready to fight.   "Hulk, but that's not all, he also said he'd like to turn me upside down, fill my pussy full of beer and drink it!"  Hulk immediately sits down.  "Hulk are you going to do anything?"  Hulk states "Honey, I ain't going to fuck with nobody that can drink that much damn beer."
An elephant walks into a bar... Bartender silently hands him a beer and a bowl of nuts. After a few minutes, the elephant finishes.  The next day, the elephant comes back, is given his beer and nuts, finishes them and leaves.  The third day, the elephant comes back, and one of the other patrons pulls the bartender aside and asks him, "So, what's up with the elephant?"  "Get out."
A man walks into the library  Man:Do you have the new book on small penises? Librarian: Sorry, I don't think it's in yet Man: yeah that's the one
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel sticking out of his pants... bartender asks him " what's up with that steering wheel, that can't be comfortable"?  Pirate says "yahr, it's drivin' me nuts"!
A man walks into a bra... Then he tells the woman, "I'm so sorry, I'm dyslexic."
A rabbi, a priest and a minister walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says, "What is this, a joke?" 
A clown with a briefcase walks into a bar The barman calls security and says "sorry, no funny business"
Three logicians walk into a bar The bartender asks them, "Do all of you guys want a drink?"  The first logician says, "I don't know."  Next, the second logician turns to the bartender and also says, "I don't know."  Then the third logician, without hesitation, says "Yes!"
A Husband and his wife walk into a bar The Husband walks up to the bartender and asks for two beers  Wife: Can't we get something else its Friday night?  Husband: ok ok make mine a scotch  Wife: Wait don't you ever think about me?  Husband: Yeah but I came here to forget my problems! 
A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat. A guys walk into a bar and takes a seat.  Before he can order a beer,  a bowl of pretzels on the counter speaks up,  " Hey,  you're a handsome fellow. " The man tries to ignore this and orders a Pilsner beer.  The bowl pretzels then says," Ooooooh a pilsner,  you must be a man of great taste. " Worried, the man calls the bartender and says, " This bowl of pretzels keeps saying nice things to me." To this the bartender says, "Don't worry about the pretzels,  they're complimentary. "
A man walks into a bar As he begins to order his drink the bartender noticed that the man had a very bad stutter as he spoke. When the bartender began to prepare the man’s order he also began talking to him with an equally bad stutter. The man was offended and stuttering he ask the bartender why he would stoop so low as to mock someone with a speech impediment. With the same stutter, the bartender assured the man that he was not mocking him and the man began to feel more comfortable.   After a bit, a few others with no speech impediment came into the bar and began placing their orders and in response to them the bartender began carrying on conversations with them but never stuttered at all.  As the gentleman with the severe stutter listened to the bartender he became enraged. Soon, the bartender came back to see if he wanted another drink but before he could ask him anything the man began to stutter angrily as he told the bartender that he heard him talking without a stutter and made it abundantly clear that he had better never mock him again. To which the bartender replied with a very bad stutter, “I wasn’t mocking you my friend. I was mocking all of them!” 
A Roman walks into a bar Holds up two fingers and says five beers please.
An Asian lady walks into a Cafe.. She’s carrying her dog under her arm when the clerk says “Sorry miss, no outside food allowed.”
A blind man walks into a bar... And a chair. And a table
Dave walks into a Victoria's Secret shop, and asks for a see through negligee, size 54-52-58. The assistant looks at Dave and says:- "Why the fuck would you want to see through that?".
A physicist, a chemist and a statistician walk into an office... ...to discover the trash can is on fire.  The physicist announces "We must put the garbage can in the fridge so that the temperature will be below the ignition temperature and therefore put itself out!"  The chemist replies "No, we must cover the garbage can so that the fire consumes all of the oxygen and, in the absence of reactants, can no longer continue!"  Meanwhile, the two turn around to find that the statistician is running around the room setting everything else on fire. "What the hell are you doing?"   "Getting a proper sample size!" 
A pirate walks into a bar A pirate walks into a bar with a ship's steering wheel attached to the front of his pants. The bartender asks him, " Doesn't that hurt? " The pirate growls, "Aye,  it's drivin me nuts"
An old cowboy walks into a bar He's wearing a sun-tanned hat, a weathered and dusty leather jacket, and boots with spurs. He has a sheathed knife on his left hip, and on his right a holstered revolver.   A beautiful young woman comes up to him and asks, "Excuse me sir, I'm sure you get this a lot, but are you really a cowboy?"  "Well, miss, I'd like to think I am," he says. "When I wake up in the morning, I'm thinking about my cattle. When I'm eating my breakfast and listening to the radio, I'm thinking about my cattle, and when I hit the sack at night, I dream about my cattle. I reckon that makes me as real as a cowboy can be."  "What about you, ma'am?" he continues. "What do you do for a living?"  "Well," she says, "believe it or not, I'm a lesbian pornstar."  "No shit!" he says. "And are you a real lesbian?"  "Well you tell me," she says. "When I wake up in the morning, I'm thinking about women. When I eat my breakfast and watch the news, I'm thinking about women, and when I go to sleep, I spend all night dreaming about women. I'd say that makes me as real as a lesbian can be!"  They have a friendly drink together and eventually she leaves. A few minutes later, a young couple come up to him, and the man asks, "Excuse me, sir, I'm sure you get this all the time, but are you really cowboy?"  "Well," the cowboy says with a little sigh, "I'd always thought I was, but I just found out I'm actually a lesbian."
A crossfit enthused, bitcoin investing vegan walks into a bar... Oh, they already told you about it too?
A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat Bartender: Where do you think you are going with that seat??!!
A young boy walks into a bar full of old politicians in D.C. A young boy walks into a bar full of old politicians in D.C.        He was never seen again.
A guy walks into an ice cream parlor and asks for a chocolate sundae The man behind the counter says “Sorry! We are out of chocolate ice cream. “  The customer seems a bit taken back, and responds “Well then, could I have a chocolate ice cream cone?”  “Again sir, we are out of chocolate ice cream.”  “Oh, could I just have a few scoops of chocolate ice cream then?”  The employee starts to look frustrated.   “Spell the word sand in thousands.”  The customer looked confused, but spelled “S-A-N-D”  “Good, now spell the word pen in happening.”  “P-E-N”  “Okay, now spell the word fuck in ice cream.”  “What? There’s no fuck in ice cream.”  The employee says “That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you!”
A A man walks into a bar with his pet newt...  Bar man says my he's a fine specimen. What's his name?  The man says 'Tiny.' Well he doesn't look that small to me, why call him that and the man says. ..cos he's my newt!
A vegan, a bitcoin trader and someone who didn’t vote in 2016 all walk into a bar....  Who tells you about it first?
A Chicken walks into a Library He says to the librarian:  "Book book book"  The librarian hands the chicken three books. On the way out, the chicken runs into a frog. The chicken shows the books to the frog and says:  "Book book book"  The frog replies:  "Reddit reddit reddit"
A blind guy walks into a bar... He hurt his head 
A rapper walks into a Urologist’s office. The receptionist says, “UTI?” “Naw, I’m Ludacris”
A man, none too good with math walks into a store... He pays exact change at the register and asks the cashier, "Did I give you enough money?"   The cashier responds: "Just barely"
The Dalai Lama walks into a Subway... Greetings, Sandwich Artist!  *Hello, sir. How can I help you today? *  I'd like a Chicken, Bacon Ranch sandwich. Footlong on Honey Wheat.   *Would you like that toasted? *  Yes, please.  *(Worker places sandwich in oven, pulling it out as it finishes the toasting) So how has your day been? *  Enlightening.  *What vegetables would you like on your sandwich? *  Make me one with everything.
A horse walks into a bar... Bartender says "Why such a long face?"  Horse replies "I just found out I have AIDS"
A piece of string walks into a bar and sits next to the bartender. He asks for a drink, but the bartender says apologetically, "Sorry, we don't serve strings here."  Confused, the string leaves and goes home. A few days later, he returns to the bar, this time sitting at a different end of the bar. He asks for a drink and the bartender responds,"Hey, aren't you that string from the other day? I told you, we don't serve strings here."  Dejected, the string leaves and returns home once again. A few weeks go bye, and the string decides to try his luck one more time. He ties himself up and pulls apart the top of his string to change his appearance. He enters the bar, sits down, and orders a drink. The bartender looks long and hard and says,"You look familiar. You've definitely been around here. Aren't you that string from a while back?"  The string looks him straight in the eye and says cooly,"Nope, I'm a frayed knot."
A snail walks into a car dealership It takes a look at the new sportscar. The salesman says the snail would look pretty cool in the new sportscar and the snail agrees. Salesman then asked the snail about option packages, rustproofing etc. The snail says no to everything offered, but says he wants one thing done to the car...to have 'S' painted all over the car. Salesman, confused, asks why would you want 'S' painted all over your brand new sportscar??? Snail replies "So when I drive by, everybody will say look at that 'S' car go...."
So a horse walks into a bar. And The bartender says ‘why the long face?’
A man walks into a bar and really needs to shit. He asks the bartender to use the bathroom and is given directions. He walks in and sees a regular toilet and a gorgeous golden one. So the man plops down on the golden one and has the most glorious shit he's ever had. The next day he goes into the same bar and does it again, this shit being better than the last. The third day he goes in and there's only the plain white toilet. He walks out and asks the bartender where the gold toilet went. The bartender looks at him and then yells "hey Frank, I found the fucker that's been shitting in your tuba!"
A neutron walks into a bar and asks "How much for a drink?" The bartender says "For you, no charge."
A guy walks into a backwoods Arkansas bar and orders a glass of white wine. One of the bubbas at the pool table walks over looking for trouble. He asks, "Where you from, mister?" The guy replies that he's from San Francisco. The rednecks in the bar all laugh, and the bubba says, "So what do you do there in  San Francisco?" The guy answers, "Well I'm a taxidermist." The bubba says "What the hell does a taxidermist do?" The guy says, "I mount animals." The bubba smiles at him and says to his friends "It's OK boys, he's one of us!"   
Five programmers walk into a bar... The first programmer orders a shot of Singleton.  Second programmer fails to repeat the same order.  Third programmer just Decorates first programmer's drink.  Fourth programmer git vommit too early.  Fifth programmer throws ArrayIndexOutOfBoundException.  Sixth programmer has been unconscious there waiting to be picked up by a garbage collector friend.  &amp;#x200B;
Frosty the Snowman walks into a walk-in freezer and says, "Is it cold in here or is it just me?!"
A bear walks into a bar.... ...after a bad day of work.  Orders a martini and notices the bartender popping a pill as he’s fixing the drink.   ‘Bear says: “Hey Mr. Bartender, can I have one of those?”  Bartender says, “Sure, suit yourself.  Enjoy.”.    Meanwhile, the waitress walks past, spills beer on the bear, rolls her eyes and snarls at him, and instantly starts complaining at the bartender to get her orders done quicker.   So the Bear becomes wild and unruly and  eats her.  When he finally breaks out of his intoxicated stupor, he exclaims: “ Holy cow, what the hell was that anyway!”  The bartender calmly explains,” No  problem my friend, that was just a bar bitch you ate.”  
A blind man walks into a bar And a chair, and a lamp
A millennial walks into an executives office The millennial says "Sir i would like a job." The executive replies "Really.... How about $100k a year, corner office and a company car." The millennial says "WOW YOU MUST BE JOKING!"  The executive says "yes, but you started it." 
A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. After having the beer, he asks the bartender for the bill. "$3", says the bartender.  The man just for fun goes on and places $1 coin on the three ends of the table. The bartender gives him a bad look but has no other option but to pick them up.  This happened for 3-4 days and everyday the bartender felt humiliated.  Next time, he orders a beer but couldn't find three $1 coins to pay the bill. So, he hands the bartender a $5 note. Now, the bartender gets all excited and thinks that it is his day to avenge the hard time he had because of this man. He then places the two $1 coins at the opposite ends of the table.  Now, with a shrewd smile and with all the excitement he goes to the man and says, "Go on, collect your change".  The man then takes out a $1 coin from his pocket and puts it in front of the bartender and says, "One more beer please."
A man walks into a restaurant And sees three steaks hanging from the cieling, about 10 feet in the air.  He looks at the hostess and asks, "what's the deal with the steaks?" The hostess grins at him and says "It's part of a new special, if you can jump up and grab all three before hitting the ground, your dinner is free!" "What's the catch?", the man asks. "If you miss, you have to pay the bill of the next person who comes in." The man looks at the steaks for a second, then back to the hostess.  "No thanks. The steaks are too high." 
Guy walks into the doctor's office and claims wherever he presses his finger on his body, it hurts terribly. The doctor runs every test in the book, and consults with several colleagues and his chief of staff. Days pass by, and still noone can come up with a diagnosis. Turns out the guy has a broken finger.
A drunk walks into a bar and gets knocked out... he was in jail...
A Guy walks into a bar with an old doctors bag A Guy walks into a bar with an old doctors bag  Guy walks up to the bar and the bartender says, "Hey guy whats with the old doctors bag you got there"  Guy says, "Its a magic bag, it grants wishes"  Bartender, "No shit?"  Guy opens the bag and a 1 foot tall guy hops out with a mini piano and starts playing music  Bartender, "WOW! Thats incredible! Mind if I give it a shot?"  Guy, "Knock yourself out"  Bartender, "I wish for a thousan.... no a MILLION bucks"  The bar starts to violently shake and quack a duck falls from the ceiling, quack another duck, then another, then another.  Bartender, "What gives I asked for a million bucks not a million ducks!"  Guy, "and you think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?"
A man walks into a bar he orders 4 shots of vodka. The Bartender, puzzled, asks him why he ordered that much   the man says: "I just found out that my son is gay"  the next day he comes back and orders 4 more shots the bartender asks the same thing again  the man says: "I just found out that my other son is gay too "   the next week he enters the bar and orders 4 more shots   the bartender says: "GOD DAMN IT ! does anybody in your family like women? "  the man says: "Yep, apparently my wife does"  &amp;#x200B;
A man walks into a bar As he walks in a voice says "you look very handsome."  The man turns around but sees no one.   He turns to the bartender and says "who said that?".   The bartender, while pointing at a bowl of peanuts  says "the peanuts did. They are complimentary."
Jussie Smollett walks into a bar fight... There was no fight
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Why the long face?"  The horse replies, "Existence is futile."
A horse with a deformed head walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Why the oblong face?"
C, E Flat and G walk into a bar. The bartender says "sorry, no minors".
An Irishman walks into an American bar He sits down and orders 3 beers.  “You know, you don’t have to order these all at once - I’m happy to make them fresh,” says the bartender.  “Oh no, ya see,” replies the Irishman, “the extras are for me two brothers back in Ireland. We all order 3 beers so it feels like we’re drinkin together,” and he chugs them all down.  Every day for months, the Irishman comes in and does the same thing, until one day he orders only two beers.  The bartender’s heart sinks, knowing the Irishman must have lost one of his brothers.  “Im so sorry,” he says, “did one of your brothers pass?”  “Of course not, they’re fine!” says the Irishman, “I’ve just quit drinkin!”
Cardi B and Bill Cosby walk into a bar I don’t remember the rest
A man walks into a bar... And loses the national limbo championship.
A man walks into a bar Turns out he was blind
A Grizzly bear walks into a bar The bartender asks, "What can I get you?" The bear replies, "I'll have a..................         .........    ................ beer please."  The bartender says, "Why the big pause?"  The Grizzly bear responds, "I don't know, I was born with them."
Guy walks into a bar and orders a whiskey-coke. Bartender asks if Pepsi is okay and guy says that's fine.  Bartender turns around to make the drink and when finished presents the drink and says "here's your pepsi-coke."
Two whales walk into a bar. The first whale says to the other, "WOOOOOO. WEEEEEEEEOOOOO. WEEEEEEEEEEEEOOOOOOOOO."   The second whale says, "Shut up Steve, you're drunk."
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
Two Polish gentlemen walk into a restaurant In Poland, where they order some Polish food. Then they go home and kiss their wives.
Man walks into a bar with an Octopus He puts the octopus on the bar and declares to everyone in the pub ‘£50 says this octopus can play any instrument’. First man steps up and places a trumpet in front of the Octopus, it immediately picks it up and plays it like Dizzy Gillespie. ‘That’s amazing’ says the man and duly pays his £50. Second man steps up and places a guitar in front of the octopus, it picks up the guitar and belts out some Jimi Hendrix. ‘Wow’ says the man and he too pays £50. A third man steps forward, A Scottish man and puts some bagpipes on the bar in front of the octopus. The octopus looks at them, it moves around them checking the bagpipes out. After a few minutes the Scottish man says triumphantly ‘ah, ya cannae play them can ye?’ ‘Play them?’ The octopus replies ‘nah, as soon as I figure out how to get it’s pyjamas off I’m gonna fuck it’
A Man walks into a pet shop and sees a parrot for only $50. A Man walks into a pet shop and sees a parrot for only $50. Standing next to the cage the man asks, "I wonder why he is so cheap?" "Because I am defective," came the reply. "I've got no legs." A little surprised the man asked, "Well how do you stay on your perch?" The parrot draws him closer and whispers, "I have a big penis. I just wrap it around the bar and stay put. Go offer the owner 30 bucks for me. He'll take it." The man walks out of the store with the parrot and takes him home. They become best of friends. They talk sports, politics, current events. The man could not be happier. One day the man gets home from works and the parrot beckons him over with his wing..."Psst...come here. I need to talk to you." "What?" "It's about your wife." "Yeah, what about her?" "And the postman. Today he knocked and she answered the door in a skimpy black negligee." "What!" "Yes. And then they embraced in a long passionate kiss," the parrot went on. "Holy shit...that can't be possible." "It is. Then they went over to the couch and she slipped him out of his uniform and then things started to get really steamy." "Well," the man asks,"what happened next?" "I don't know," said the parrot. "I got a hard on and fell off my perch." 
A guy walks into a bar and order dinner and a beer. "It's good to get out and eat for once. When I eat at home the food is always so cold and bland," he tells the bartender. "Why is that?" the bartender asks. "I don't know," the guy replies. "I'm guessing because my wife really puts her heart and soul into cooking for me." 
An artist walks into a bar and orders a beer.  "I don't like the way the art world is going. I've read that in the future many exhibitions will only feature digital images displayed on plasma screens in darkened, futuristic galleries," he complained to the bartender. "I'm going to miss the art formerly known as prints. 
A Billionaire, a Misogynist, and a Racist walks into a bar The bartender asks how he is doing in the election.  Edit: shitty spelling and punchline
2 guys walk into a bar... The 3rd one was smart and ducked.
A horse and a duck walk into a bar... The bartender asks "what can I get for you?"  The duck replies "something strong, my friend here has just broken up with his wife"   The bartender gets them something strong and the horse drinks it all in one. The horse then collapses on the floor  The duck, embarrassed and startled, attempts to leave the bar, but the bartender stops him.  "You can't leave that lyin' there" he says   And the duck replies "it's not a lion, it's a horse" then leaves 
A black guy walks into a bar with a huge parrot on his shoulder. Bartender says ‘that’s so cool, that’s the neatest thing I’ve ever seen. Where’d you get that?’ The parrot says ‘I got him in Africa, there’s tons of them.’
A guy walks into a bar and sustains a mild concussion
A string walks into a bar with a few friends and orders a beer.  The bartender says, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve strings here."  The string goes back to his table. He ties himself in a loop and messes up the top of his hair. He walks back up to the bar and orders a beer.     The bartender squints at him and says, "Hey, aren't you a string?"     The string says, "Nope, I'm a frayed knot."
An Japanese man walks into a bank... ... and goes up to the teller. Even though he is new to speaking English, he says, "I wish to exchange 400 of my currency for US dollars. The teller proceeds to do so and they politely part ways. A few days pass and the Japanese man again walks into the bank, again to exchange the same amount currency. This time though, the teller hands him less than the previous exchange. Confused, he asked the teller, "Why have you given me less dollars than before?"    "Fluctuations," replies the teller, " the markets have changed."   "Fluctuations? FLUCTUATIONS!" The Japanese man exclaims, " Fuck you Americans, too!"
Three logicians walk into a bar... Bartender: Do you all want beers?     Logician 1: I don't know.     Logician 2: I don't know.     Logician 3: Yes.     Bartender: What is this, r/Jokes? Get out of my bar!     With their night ruined, the logicians all go home.   On his way home, one of the logicians gets stopped by a policeman.     Cop: Have we been drinking tonight?     Logician: I don't know.     Cop: Right. Be on your way. Drive safe.
A guy walks into a wedding reception and goes over to the bar and asks Is this the punch line?
Three redditors walk into a bar..... The first one hits his head, the second one hits his head. The third stops, points at the second and screams "Re-post!". 
A wizard walks into a gay bar... Suddenly he disappears with a POOF
A lawyer, a spy, a mob boss and two Russian oligarchs walk into a bar. The bartender says...  "You guys must be here to talk about adoption."
An crying man walks into a bar. The bartender asks "What's wrong?" The man replies "My brother was just sentenced to 5 years prison time. he was taking gold, removing all of the electrons and selling the gold ions for profit!" The bartender replies "Damn, those are some serious charges."
A man walks into a car dealership Customer: I want to buy that car for 3 Bitcoin Dealer: 4 Bitcoin? Sounds good to me, let me just whip up some paperwork... You said 2 Bitcoin right?
Sigmund Freud walks into a bar Sits down and orders a banana daiquiri and a hotdog. He looks over to the stage and Mozart comes out and starts going crazy on a keyboard. Freud downs his drink, flips a few tables and runs out angrily. Mozart looks at the barman and asks, "What was that about?" The barman replies. "Pianist envy."
A man walks into a bar and notices a monkey in a cage He orders his drink and continues on with his night. The whole night he notices the monkey, but says nothing. Pretty soon he is completely wasted, and finally asks the bartender why he has the monkey.   The bartender replies, “let me show you.”  He lets the monkey out and hits him on the head with a bat. The monkey proceeds to give the bartender a blow job.  The bartender turns to the man and says “would you like to try?”  The drunk guy says “Sure. Just please don’t hit my head as hard.”
Walks into a bar Kenny Rogers, Styx and Jerry Lewis walk into a bar. they sit down at a table and no one waits on them for several minutes. They all notice a waitress at the same time and try calling to her.   Styx: layyyyyyydy,  Kenny Rogers: Laydddy  Jerry Lewis: Laaaaaaaaaaaaady,
5 men walk into a bar You would think that the last one would have ducked
A rapist, a drunk, and a pathological liar walks into a bar The bartender says, "the usual, Mr. Kavanaugh?"
A Lizard,A Liar and billionaire Walk into a bar.... The Bartender says “What can I get ya Mr.Zuckerberg?”
A political assassin, a cabinet secretary, and a narcissist walk into a bar A political assassin, a cabinet secretary, and a narcissist walk into a bar.    The bartender says, "The usual, Mrs. Clinton?"  
2 Guys walk into a bar Third guy ducks.
A nurse, a doctor, and an anti-vaxxer walk into a bar. The nurse sits down at the bar and says, “I’ll have a Bloody Mary!”  The doctor sits next to her and says, “Give me a rum and coke!”  The anti-vaxxer does nothing. She collapsed and died from polio.
A llama walks into her house to see her husband in bed with another llama After a moment of intense silence, the husband gets up and says, "alpaca my bags."
A guy walks into a bar it hurt.
A spice walks into a Jamaican bar... A spice walks into a Jamaican bar, the bartender says in a thick Jamaican accent, "hey don't I recognize you from church?" The spice replies "no, I'm an atheist" The bartender exclaims "SINNA-MON"
A trucker walks into a bar. He sits at the bar and orders a beer, the bartender is a bit surprised to see the trucker. "Hey Bob, haven't seen you in a while, what have you been up to? "  Bob takes a swig of beer, "man that tastes good, haven't had a beer in 18 months, I have been in prison" he says.  "You, I can't believe it" replays the bartender.  "It's a funny story" says Bob. "I was in my truck mining my own business crusing down the interstate. I am coming to an overpass and I see cars dodging and swerving, then I see the problem. A punk teen has a brick tied to a rope and is swinging the brick at the cars. It was too late for me to get out of the way, the truck is much taller than a car. The brick smashed through the windshield and the rope got caught in the steering wheel."  "No way!" Says the bartender.  "That's not the half of it " says Bob as he takes another swig of beer. The moron kid had wrapped the rope around his arm. With the rope caught in the steering wheel, it pulled his arm right off!  By now, half the bar was around Bob listening to his story, "but why did you go to prison! " Everyone said.  "Well" continued Bob, "that's the funny part. When the police arrived and we all tell our story, they said I was under arrest."  Everyone in the bar is flabbergasted, they can't believe Bob was the one charged, "why would you be charged? They said in unison.  Bob looks up from his beer and says, " it was clear case of arm robbery" ...
A joke writer walks into a bar.I need inspiration now. Bartender looks at him and gives him a cup from the punch bowl and a line of cocaine. Thanks man....I can always count on you to give me the punch line. 
A bartender walks into a joke writers convention. No joke.
A Piece of Rope Walks into a Bar... The bartender says "We don't server your kind here" and kicks the rope out. So the rope goes home ties itself in a knot and frays it's ends. The next day the rope walks back into the bar and the Bartender says "Hey didn't I tell you yesterday are not welcome here." The rope replies"I'm afrayed knot.
A Vegan, a Cross-fitter, and an Atheist all walk into a bar... ...I only know because none of them can shut up about it. 
A rabbit walks into a butcher shop (All credit to Eddie Izzard, who told this joke at the end of his Wunderbar show here recently and who left us in stitches with his delivery of it.)  &amp;#x200B;  One morning, a rabbit walks into a butcher shop and says, 'Hello, sir. Do you have any carrots?'  The barber responds, 'Carrots? This is a butcher shop. We don't sell carrots here.'  'Oh', responds the rabbit, 'My apologies', and he hops out of the store.  The next day, the rabbit comes back. 'Helloooo. Do you have any carrots?'  'You're that rabbit from yesterday, aren't you? I already told you. This is a butcher shop. We don't sell carrots.'  'Ahh. Right.' The rabbit hops out again.  Day three comes around, and again the rabbit appears. 'Hiiiiiiiiiiiii. Do you have any carrots?'  'Look, mate, I've told you. This is a butcher shop. If you come back asking for more bleeding carrots, I'll nail your ears to the floor!'  'My ears, you say? Hmm, okay, thanks anyway.' The rabbit hops out.  Day four passes, and there's no rabbit. Day five and day six pass without any sign of the rabbit, either.  Day seven comes around, and suddenly, the rabbit reappears. 'Heeeeey. Do you have any nails?'  '....Nails? Of course I don't, you imbecile! This is a butcher shop!'  'Right. Got any carrots, then?'  &amp;#x200B;
A man walks into a bar. Bartender: Get the hell out of here I'm sick of your damn jokes!
A rhinoceros walks into a bar He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the rhino, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the rhino abruptly gets up and returns home.   The next night, the woman goes to his place. "You owe me money," she says. "For what?" The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute." The rhino pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money." he then says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a rhinoceros. Look it up."   She is about to protest when the rhino hands her the dictionary. The woman looks up "rhinoceros" in the dictionary, and it reads, "Rhinoceros: Eats bush and leaves.”     
A Mexican comedian walks into a chicken farm and starts breaking all the eggs.  The chicken farmer gets really mad and yells at him, "What are you doing?"  The comedian goes, "Well ese, I am in a bit of a rut and I am just looking for some good yolks"
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar and orders either a beer or a shot of whiskey.
An Asian walks into a bar... An Asian guy walks into a bar, and sits next to Jeff, and starts drinking his beer. Jeff asks him :  • My friend, do you know any martial arts, kung fu, karate or other stuff?  • Why do you ask, is it because i'm Chinese?  • No, it's because you are drinking my beer.
So a guy walks into a bar and sits down next to a crow... So a guy walks into a bar and sits down and orders a drink. Next to him, he notices a crow squawking quietly into a glass of whiskey. He asks the bartender "Why is there a crow in the bar?"  "We serve anyone here." The bartender says. "Even crows."  Then the crow speaks up. "Why does it even matter that I'm a crow? Maybe if you talked to me you'd learn how incredible my story is. I worked for NASA."  "You worked for NASA?" The man asks incredulously.  "Yeah, back in the sixties. I was the first crow to circle the planet in a rocket ship. Not that anyone cares. I might as well drink myself to death." The crow turns back to his drink.  "Jeez," the man says to the bartender. "What's his problem?"  "Oh, I don't know." The bartender responds.  "It's my son." The crow speaks again. "He's been trying to get into colleges, but none will accept him."  "Surely there would be special scholarships for that right?" The man asks. "How many birds are trying to get into college?"  "Oh, they don't care." The crow sighs. "God forbid you forget the poor kid of a morbid ol' orbital corvid."
Three guys walk into a bar.. The fourth one ducked.
A visibly upset pirate walks into a bar... He goes to the counter and angrily orders a bottle of rum. As the bartender hands it to him, he says, "I couldn't help but notice your problem there, Blackbeard. Is it that captain's wheel stuck on your crotch?"   Glaring, the pirate grabs the bottle and takes a long drink from it. "Yarr," he replies as he finishes. "It's drivin' me nuts."
A man walks into a bar for illiterate people. The bartender says, "Don't you hate it when people tell jokes that have specific details about situations that would never happen in real life, just so they can make some dumb pun?" The man, nodding, replies, "I no write."
Two guys walk into a bar... The third one ducks.
A cowboy walks into a bar In the bar, he sees a woman he's never met before, so he goes over to talk to her.  "Who are you?". The woman tells him "I'm a lesbian", and the cowboy, confused, asks her what that means. "You see, I love women. I'm always thinking about women, and I want to sleep with women all the time."   So the cowboy, interested by the woman's explanation, stays quietly thinking about what he heard. A tourist walks into the bar and sees the cowboy, and he excitedly asks "Hey man are you a real cowboy?".  The cowboy replies "That's what I thought all my life, son... but I think I'm a lesbian."
A Man Walks Into A French Restaurant And Orders Fish... The waiter brings out his order and the man begins to eat it. After about fifteen minutes, the man keels over and dies. The waiter, panicking, calls the paramedics. When they arrive, they examine the body of the deceased man.  "Well?" asks the concerned waiter "What killed this poor man?"  One of the paramedics solemnly looks into the eyes of waiter and simply replies "Poisson"
A paper bag walks into the doctors because he's feeling a little down Has some tests and come back a week later.  Doctor says, "I'm sorry son, but you're HIV positive"  The bag is in disbelief "How can this happen, I'm a paper bag?"  "Have you ever had unprotected sex?"  "We'll no, I'm a paper bag"  "What about sharing needles"  "No doc, I can't even do drugs, I'm a paper bag"  " Well there's only 1 other explanation, your mum must have been a carrier"
Termite walks into a bar.. Asks, “Is the bar tender here?”
A man walks into a bar and takes a seat on one of the stools. The bartender looks at him and asks him what he'd like to drink. The man orders four shots of whiskey for himself. The bartender looks at the man and says, "Four shots for yourself? What's the special occasion?", to which the man replies, "First blowjob." The bartender puts on a congratulatory smile and pats the man on the shoulder and says he'll give him a fifth shot on the house. To which the man says, "No thanks, if four shots doesn't get the taste out of my mouth, nothing will."
A man walks into a fishmongers carrying a salmon under his arm. “Do you make fish cakes?” he asks. “Of Course,” says the fishmonger. “Oh Good,” replies the man, “it’s his birthday.”
Salvador Dali, Rene Magritte and Max Ernst walk into a bar... ...and the bar tender said, drinks are on the house.
A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender goes to serve him his beer, but says: "Here's your beer, but you better drink that fast, because the black knight is coming soon.". The man doesn't take note and slowly drinks his beer. When finished, he orders a new beer. The bartender again: "Alright, but this time you'd better hurry up, the black knight is coming soon." and gives hem the beer.   At that exact moment, the door slams open with a loud bang and the biggest black guy the man has ever seen appears in the doorway, completely dressed in black. Everybody in the bar dives below the tables, the bartender runs out the back door, the bar goes completely silent. The only person still sitting in his place is the man.   With large strides the black man approaches the man and says: "Get down on your knees.". Terrified, the man does as he's told, climbs down from his bar stool and gets down on his knees in front of the huge black man. The black man unzips his pants and continues: "Start sucking.". So the man reluctantly starts sucking off the black man. "Faster.", says the black man, so the man starts going faster. "Even faster.", says the black man, and the man starts going even faster. "Go faster!" goes the black man, and the man sucks as fast as he possibly can, still terrified. "Go faster!", the black man shouts. The man looks up and says: "I can't go faster! Why do you want me to go so fast?" The black guy responds: "You need to hurry up, the black knight is coming soon.".
A guy walks into a bank He goes up the the teller and asks, "Can you check my balance?" The teller says, "sure" and pushes him.  
Man walks into the room where other men are eating. The men are eating good food and drinking a lot of wine. The man that walks in asks them:Do you want me to fuck your moms? The men at the table get furious and are ready  to beat that bastard up but suddenly the toastmaster of the table stood up and told the men that that guy was only asking a question and they should not get angry and answer it. The men looked at each other and answered: "No we don't want you to fuck our mothers".   
A Bitcoin trader walks into a bar He walks up to the bar, orders a whiskey, pays the bartender one bitcoin and says, "By this time tomorrow it might be worth a million bucks!"    The bartender pours him a glass of water and says, "By this time tomorrow it might be Scotch."  
A cowboy walks into a bar and sits down next to a very attractive woman... He orders a drink. As he sat sipping his drink, the young woman asked, "Are you a real cowboy?"  He replied, "Well, I've spent my whole life, breaking colts, working cows, going to rodeos, fixing fences, pulling calves, bailing hay, doctoring calves, cleaning my barn, fixing flats, working on tractors, and feeding my dogs, so I guess I am a cowboy."  She said, "I'm a lesbian. I spend my whole day thinking about women. As soon as I get up in the morning, I think about women. When I shower, I think about women. When I watch TV, I think about women. I even think about women when I eat. It seems that everything makes me think of women."  The two sat sipping in silence.  A little while later, an old couple sits down on the other side of the cowboy. After they've had a pint or two, the husband asked, "Are you a real cowboy?"  He replies, "I always thought I was, but I just found out I'm a lesbian."
The director of EA walks into a bar *Download the punchline for only 4.99* 
A man walks into a bar Alcoholism is slowly destroying his family. 
A guy walks into a bar Wouldn't you think the second guy would have seen it?
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants. The bartender says, "Hey, buddy, doesn't that bother you?"  The pirate says, "Yar, it's drivin' me nuts."
A guy walks into the bar of a restaurant and goes to the bartender and asks "How much for a beer?" The bartender replies "Free".  The customer, completely amazed, orders a beer then asks the bartender "Well then how much for a NY sirloin, with side of mashed potatoes and salad, and an entire cheesecake for desert?"   The Bartender replies "Free".  The guy, still amazed, then orders everything and after he is done eating his meal, then says "Wow, this place is amazing, I really wish I could meet the owner of this place".   The bartender then says "Oh well, he's upstairs in his office with my wife".  The guy looks all confused, then asks "What is he doing upstairs in his office with your wife?"   The bartender then says "The same thing I'm doing to his business".  EDIT: Whoa, that took off.  Thanks for the upvotes everyone.  I'm glad you all enjoyed the joke so much.
Peter and John walk into a Japanese bar Peter and John are sitting at the bar. Peter orders some rice wine, and John orders a beer. Peter gets up to go to the restroom. A few moments later, their drinks arrive.   John says to the bartender: this is chilled, can I get a hot cup to keep it warm?  The bartender replies: For your beer?  To which John replies: No, for Pete's sake!
An infinite line of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one orders a beer. The second orders 1/2 a beer. The 3rd orders 1/4 th of a beer. The bartender pours 2 beers and says, "You guys need to learn your limits!"
James Comey walks into a bar... and orders two White Russians - one for here, one to go.
Two scientists walk into a bar The first one says "I'll have some H2O" The second one says "I'll have some water too, but you do realise you don't have to use the chemical term outside if the lab, right?" The first scientist excuses himself to the bathroom, where he cries for a good give minutes, saddened because his murder plan failed
An British man, an Irish man, and a Scottish man walk into a bar They each order a pint and sit down. The British man was about to take a sip of his beer when a fly flies into it. The British man is disgusted and pushes his beer away. The Irish Man is about to take a sip when a fly flies into his beer. The Irish man plucks the fly from his beer and continues drinking. The Scottish man is about to take a drink when a fly lands in his beer as well. The Scottish man plucks the fly from his beer, looks at the fly and yells, "SPIT IT OUT YA BASTARD!"
Two fonts walk into a bar and the bartender says "Hey, we don't serve fonts here!" But they sat down anyways because they were **bold**.
A man walks into a bar after the summer solstice and orders a quadruple vodka The bartender asks, "Is everything alright?"  The man sighs and says, "It's been a long day."
A man walks into a bar Ouch.
A skinny little white guy walks into an elevator. He looks up and sees this HUGE black guy standing next to him.  The big guy sees the little guy staring at him, looks down and says "7 feet tall, 350 pounds, 15 inch penis, 3 pound left testicle, 3 pound right testicle, Turner Brown."  The white guy faints and falls to the floor.  The black guy kneels down and brings him to, shaking him. The big guy says, "What's wrong with you?"  In a weak voice the white guy says, "What EXACTLY did you say to me? "  The black guy says, "I saw your curious look and figured I'd just give you the answers to the questions everyone always asks me.  I'm 7 feet tall, I weigh 350 pounds, I have a 15 inch penis, my left testicle weighs 3 pounds, my right testicle weighs 3 pounds, and my name is Turner Brown."  The white guy says, "oh thank God, I thought you said turn around."
A pie walks into a bar... The barman says sorry we don't serve food here
Man walks into a store to return a doorbell... A clerk asks if he needs help and the man tells him "Yes I'm here to return a doorbell, she's broken."  The clerk says "Why did you just call that doorbell 'she'?"  The man says "Because it's a female doorbell."  The clerk asks "How do you figure that?"  The man says "Because it has a ding but no dong."
Sir Francis Bacon walks into a bard... "Sorry Bill."
A lady walks into a bar... ...and she orders a double entendre.  The bartender gives it to her.
So a snail walks into a car shop... So a snail walks into a car shop and buys a fancy sports car. He asks the painter to put a big S on the front, the back, and both sides. The painter asks why and the snail replies, “so when I drive past people they can say ‘“look at that escargot!’”
A pilot walks into a bar &amp; asks for a packet of helicopter-flavoured crisps "Sorry" says the bartender, "We only have plane"
A man walks into a bar... Man: Hello, can I have the wi-fi password please?  Bartender: only if you drink 1l of whiskey.  Man: 1 liter of Whiskey? Damn. That's a lot. Deal, give me 1 liter of Whiskey.  \*the bartender gives the whiskey to the sir\*  Man: Done, can I have wi-fi password now?  Bartender: I told you already. It's "only if you drink 1l of whiskey".
A wasp expert walks into a record shop He goes to the owner and asks if they have the new edition of wasp sounds 2019. The record shop owner says that they have it in stock and asks if the wasp expert would like to listen too it before he buys.  The wasp expert agrees and the record is placed on the record player. The pin goes down and all of a sudden a horrible buzzing noise emits from the machine. The wasp expert is horrified stating that in all his years of being a wasp expert, he has never heard anything as far from wasp sounds in his life.  The record shop owner looks confused until he notices something.  "Sorry" says the record shop owner,  "I was playing it on the bee side!"
Why did the Long Island seafood chef walk into a music store? He needed a TUNAH!
A Bear walks into a bar... The waiter says "What would you like" The bears says"a burger and.         Fries" The waiter says" why the long pause." The bear says "idk ive always had them"
A pervert, a con-man, and a neo-nazi walk into a bar The bartender looks up and says "President Trump what are you doing here?"
Elon Musk, Keanu Reeves, and Dave Chappelle walk into a bar No punchline, but has Reddit crashed yet?
A Roman walks into a bar Holds up two fingers and says “five beers please.” 
A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop.
A blind man walks into a fish market... smiles and says, *"Hello ladies. "*
Three blondes walk into a forest... Three blondes walk into a forest and they discover some tracks. The first blonde said, "These are bear tracks!" The second blonde said, "these are rabbit tracks!" After the two blondes argued for 5 minutes, the third blonde, who was the smartest, shouted out of frustration, "You dimwits, these are trai-"  I guess you could say that they were on the right trail.
A woman walks into a library  and asked if they had any books about paranoia.  Librarian: "They're right behind you!!!"  
A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers “Sir can I have five beers please.”
A man walks into a bar... A seemingly ordinary man walks into a bar. He sees a sign behind the bar proposing something preposterous. He asks the bartender to explain this ridiculous proposition. The bartender does so. The man then takes a moment to consider the unbelievable scenario before him, giving the reader a pause in which they can form assumptions about what is about to happen. Then, the man does something that defies the readers expectation of what was about to happen.   Q: How many persons of a visible ethnic minority does it take to screw in a lightbulb?  A: Only ever one. However, any other number of additional members of that visible ethnic minority can meanwhile stand around doing something stereotypical of that visible ethnic minority.  A blonde woman finds herself in a somewhat unorthodox, though not entirely peculiar situation. After a brief discourse with another character in the story, she is provided some rudimentary instructions as to how she should proceed. She then predictably misinterprets her simple instructions in order to demonstrate her simple-mindedness, but does so in a way that defies our expectations.   3 religious figures, each from different religions, are all in the same place at the same time. The first two do something stereotypical of members of that religion. The third then defies expectation by doing something unpredictable in order to facilitate a humourous commentary of religious dogma or of inter-religious dynamics.  Q: Knock knock A: Who’s there?  Q: Something A: Something who? Q: Something Something, a pun 
Joe bag of donuts walks into a brothel... He tells the madam he wants something really special, money is no object.    She leads him into a room with two beautiful nubile nymphettes and he engages in a passionate hour of sex.    A few weeks later he can’t deny himself so he goes back, only this time the madam leads him into a room with a chicken in lingerie.  He scoffs at it but the madam assures him he will love it.    An hour later he comes out covered in sweat and feathers, with an expression of pure ecstasy.    The next week he goes back and this time the madam leads him into a room.  There’s another man and a two way mirror where a young couple is having sex.  He watches for a bit, uncomfortable with the other guy there and finally mutters “this isn’t very exciting”.   The other guy says “yeah, I know what you mean but you should have been here last week to see the guy with the chicken. “ 
I saw Frankenstein walk into a body-building competition He took the name of the competition way too seriously!
[Long] A guy walks into a bar and demands 3 shots of tequila. Bartender obliges and says, "rough day?". "You have no idea!", the guy replies as he slams down the shots... He begins telling him about his horrible day when a jar full of money at the end of the bar catches his eye. "What's that jar of money for over there? It's full to the brim of $10's and $20's!"  Bartender tells him it's a challenge he offers to his patrons, $10 to play, and you have to complete 3 special tasks that he makes up for you to do on the fly.  The guys strolls to the end of the bar, tosses in $10 and demands 3 more shots of tequila. The bartender pours 'em and the guy slams 'em down. "Now what are these three tasks?", the guy inquires with a slight slur.  "First, you see that bouncer out there, across the street? You gotta knock him out in one blow"  The guy raises his eyebrows.  "Second, I found a pitbull, got him tied up out back. I think he's got a bad tooth, but I dont know if the poor guy's got rabies. I need you to pull that tooth for me"  "Shit!", the guy mutters.  "Lastly, my mom is pushing 70 years old, she lives in the loft above the bar, just up those stairs. I need you to go up there and give here some loving that will blow her mind, it's been so many years since she's had any. Once she confirms that she's satisfied, the whole jar of money is yours to keep."  "I'm going to need three more shots of tequila", the man requests, clearly shaken by the three daunting tasks ahead of him. He slams the three shots down and slides off his barstool.  He swaggers across the bar, dragging his barstool behind him. Gets outside, across the street, hoists the stool above his head and "WHAM!", knocks the bouncer out with one blow.  Shocked with his success, the guy stumbles back into the bar. "The dog?", he asks the bartender, who simply points to the door behind him leading to the alleyway. The drunken guy falls out the back door where there is an eruption of vicious barking.  "WOOF WOOF WOOF... GRRRRRRRR..."  "OWWW, SHIT, MY GOD!"  "WOOF WOOF *BITING* *CHOMPING*"  "OH JESUS! FUCK ME!"  "*YELPING* *LOUD PANTING* GRRRRRR!"  "TAKE THAT LASSIE! WHOS THE BITCH NOW"  *SILENCE*  The back door flies open, the drunken guy falls through the doorway, his shirt ripped to shreds, blood and bite marks all over, he can barely catch his breath. After a few minutes he finally collects himself enough to ask...  "Alright, now where's that old lady with the bum tooth?"
A guy that had a stroke walks into a bar. The bartender says: "Why the long face?"
A man walks into a bar with a pig under his arms. "Where did you get that disgusting creature?" exclaimed the barman.  To which the pig replied "I won him in a raffle".
An insomniac atheist dyslexic with DID walks into a bar. The two are up all night arguing about the existence of doG.
A Russian, a Mexican and an American walk into a bar. The American takes out a gun and shoots a bottle of beer.  Mexican: Why did you do that?  American: There are plenty of those where I'm from.  The Russian proceeds, taking out a gun and shooting a bottle of vodka.  Mexican: Why did you do that?  Russian: There are plenty of those where I'm from.  The American, still with a gun in hand, shoots the Mexican.  Russian: Why did you do that?  American: There are plenty of those where I'm from.
An English, Irish and a Scottish man walk into a bar They each order a beer and as it arrives a fly falls into each of their glasses.  The Englishman pushes the glass away and demands a new one.  The Scotsman throws the fly out and takes a sip.  The Irishman grabs the fly, starts shaking it over the glass and yells: "Spit it out, spit it out!"
Escher walks into a bar, out of a bar, under a bar, over a bar, around a bar, into a bar
A man with an unusual speech defect walks into a bar Man: could I have a smism korrmy kum ARGGGHH ppipparlly poo pool of salted peanuts, please?  Batman : A packet of WHAT ?
A guy walks into a bar with three ducks The bartender says "sir you can't bring those ducks in here" the man says "but you don't understand these are talking ducks and are very rare" the bartender doesn't believe him so the man bets him a free drink that he can prove it, the man says he will go to the bathroom and the bartender can speak with the ducks himself,  The man goes to the bathroom and the bartender turns to the first duck and says "hello what is your name and how was your day?" the first duck says "hello my name is Huey and I had a wonderful day slipping in and out of Puddles"  The bartender is shocked and turns to the second duck and says "hello what is your name and how was your day?" the second duck says "hello my name is Dewey and I had a wonderful day slipping in and out of Puddles"  The bartender is speechless and turns to the third duck and says "let me guess your name is Louie and you also had a wonderful day slipping in and out of Puddles"  The third duck says "No my name is Puddles and I'd Rather not talk about my day"
Do you ever just walk into a room and forget what you were doing? Bank teller: [eyes wide] uhhhh...  Me: *(scratches head with gun)* Man... I hate when this happens.
A biker walks into a bar and sits down on a bar stool near the end of the bar. He takes a look at the menu and it reads as follows:  Hamburger - 2.99  Cheeseburger - 3.99  Chicken Sandwich - 4.99  Hand Jobs - 19.99  The crusty old biker waves the bartender down, and up walks this tall, busty, beautiful redhead in her mid-twenties. She smiles at the biker coyly, and he asks in a quiet voice "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" The bartender blushes slightly and says "Yes, I am" with a sexy little smile.  The biker grins and says "Well wash your hands, because I want a cheeseburger
A man walks into a bar.. And he's got a small lizard on his shoulder. He says to the bartender "I'll have a beer, and a whiskey for my friend tiny"  The bartender gives them a strange look but serves their drinks. Sure enough, they both down them with ease.   Another round comes up. "I'll have a beer, and another whiskey for tiny", the man says. The bartender gives them another uneasy eye but serves them their drinks. This goes on for a few more rounds.   Finally, at the last round, the bartender asks.. "so why do you call that lizard tiny?"  The man replies.  "Because he's my newt"
A religious zealot, a vehement racist and a sexual predator walk into a bar and order a beer... "Right away, Mr. President" says the bartender.
Joey walks into a motel. He walks up to the person at the desk and asks, "Where's the closest bar?"  The guy responds, "Just a block down from here."  &amp;#x200B;  Later that day Joey ran into a bar and was injured and rushed to the hospital.  &amp;#x200B;  This is why you don't run into metal polls kids.
A man walks into a bar... He sits at the bar alone and promptly addresses the bartender.  "A dozen shots of your strongest booze."  The bartender raises an eyebrow and stares him down as he slowly pours his drinks. As soon as the bartender has finished, the man starts pouring the shots down his throat as fast as he can. The bartender is in shock.  "Whoa, slow down buddy! What do you think you're doing drinking those so fast?!"  "You'd be drinking like me too if you had what I had" the man replies before knocking some more back.  The bartender's face drops. "What do ya got?"  The man sets down the last empty glass.  "75 cents."
Two chemists walk into a bar The first one asks for h2o the other chuckles and says I’ll have h2o too  He dies later that night
A Frog Walks into A Bank Patricia (Patty) Mac worked as a loan officer for a bank. One day a frog walks into her office.   “How may I help you” Patricia asked.   The frog replied,  “I would like to take out a $20,000 loan”.   “You, a frog, wants a loan”?  “Yes, please”.   Patty runs his credit report.  “You don’t have any credit. Do you have anything to use as collateral “?  The frog pulls out a beautiful crystal elephant. “Yes. I have this family heirloom and my father is Mick Jagger”.   “Mick Jagger? Of the famous rock band”?  “The one and only”!  “I need to talk to my supervisor first. Give me a moment”.   Patty walks into her supervisor’s office and explains the request and the frog’s collateral and who his father is.   Patty says, “I don’t know what to make of this elephant though”.  The supervisor replies, “ It’s a knick knack, Patty Mac. Give the frog a loan. His old man’s a Rolling Stone”.
Guy walks into a bar, sits, and orders a beer from the bartender.  As he is sipping his beverage, he looks down and sees a gorilla sitting at the other end.  He asks the bartender, "What's with the gorilla?"  The bartender says, "Oh, that's Mable. She does a trick. Want to see it?"  "Sure."  So the bartender whistles and Mable comes lumbering down the length of the bar.  The bartender pulls out a heavy steel pipe and hits the gorilla in the side of its head. The gorilla drops to its knees and starts giving the bartender a blow job.  "Wow!", says the guy.  The bartender says "Pretty amazing, huh? You want to try?"  The guys says, "Yeah, sure! Just don't hit me so hard."
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and orders a pint. As he's serving him, the barkeep notices lots of tractor badges sewn all over his jacket and says:  "What's with all the tractor badges on your jacket?"  The man replies:  "I'm just really into tractors! I've been obsessed with them since I was a young lad and I've collected these badges from years of going to tractor exhibition's."  The man becomes a regular in the bar and always comes in wearing his jacket with the tractor badges. After a few months the man comes in wearing plain clothes. The puzzled barkeep asked:  "Where's the jacket today, mate? It's the first I've seen you in here without it."  The man replies:  "Aw don't ask, I'm sick of tractors. Can't even look at them anymore so I got rid of the jacket and all my possessions relating to tractors. My models, the lot!"   So the man sits and enjoys a few pints. After a while the bar starts to fill up with smoke, the man stands up, takes a deep breath in, walks outside and exhales. He does this a few times before sitting back down to finish off his pint. The barkeeper says:  "Here, what was that all about, what were you doing?"   The man replies:  "I'm an ex-tractor fan."
A hot dog and a hamburger walk into a bar (I really hope this hasn’t been posted here before) The bartender goes “sorry, we don’t serve food here”
A Guy walks into a bar Guy walks into a bar, sits, and orders a beer from the bartender.  As he is sipping his beverage, he looks down and sees a gorilla sitting at the other end.  He asks the bartender, "What's with the gorilla?"  The bartender says, "Oh, that's Mable. She does a trick. Want to see it?"  "Sure."  So the bartender whistles and Mable comes lumbering down the length of the bar.  The bartender pulls out a heavy steel pipe and hits the gorilla in the side of its head. The gorilla drops to its knees and starts giving the bartender a blow job.  "Wow!", says the guy.  The bartender says "Pretty amazing, huh? You want to try?"  The guys says, "Yeah, sure! Just don't hit me so hard."
So Atreus walks into a bar, (God of War) And a Kratos says "BOI!! YOU MUST ALWAYS WATCH WHERE YOU ARE GOING!!"  Just something I thought of that made me laugh while i was playing
So a guy walks into a bar with a giraffe...... They have a good few drinks and get rather drunk. After many more straight whiskeys and ales the giraffe finally gives up the ghost and passes out beside the bar.. The guy feeling he’s not too far behind, finishes his last whiskey and turns to leave picking up his coat. The barman says sharply “you can’t leave that lyin’ here”. The guy turns slightly and slurs over his shoulder “it’s not a lion, it’s a giraffe”.
A rabbi, a priest, and a monk walk into a bar... The bartender says "What is this, some kind of joke?"
A midget walks into a sporting goods store. He then walks to the cashier and says "hey I am a little short any chance you could float me" 
A man walks into a bar and says "Gimme a beer before it begins!". He gets the beer, drinks it and says: "Gimme another one before it begins!" After drinking that one, he says "Another before it begins!".  The guy drinks a few more beers that way before the bartender asks him: "Who's paying for this?"  The guy replies: "And it begins..."
A young woman walks into a bar, short blue spiky hair, tattoos on both arms and a scowl... Orders a beer and after being carded by the bartender starts throwing them back. There happens to be two handsome young sailors sitting at the end of the bar that take notice of and start staring and whispering to each other until one comes over and sits down next to her. Annoyed she asks "What do you want?"   The sailor replies "My friend and I both think you're really cute but I think you're a lady and he's sure that you're a lad. We were wondering which of us would have a better chance with you."  The young woman smiles at both and replies "You're both in luck. I can be whatever you want. I'm gender fluid."  "What coincidence," the second sailor says, sliding over. "We're gender fluid too."   "Oh yeah?" says the woman somewhat skeptically raising an eyebrow.  "Isn't it obvious?" replies the first sailor, taking a chug of beer. "We're both seamen."
A man walks into a bar and sits down He asks the barkeep "If I can show you something you have never seen before, can I drink here for free tonight?" The barkeep thinks about it and says "well I have seen a lot of stuff, if you can genuinely show me something I have not seen before, I will pick up your tab tonight".  So the man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a minature piano and sets it on the bar, then he reaches into his other pocket and pulls out a frog and sets the frog at the piano.  Low and behold the frog cracks his little fingers and starts to play!  The barkeep is just blown away by this and agrees that the man can drink for free for the rest of the night.  Meanwhile there is a wealthy business man watching this unfold from a corner, so he gets up and approaches the man sensing a business opportunity.  He says "Excuse me, but I saw your frog and I was wondering if he was for sale?"  The man replies "Sorry the frog is not for sale" and continues sipping his drink.  The businessman offers $10,000 for the frog, which the man again politely declines, followed by offers for $20,000 and $30,000.  Until the business man finally gives up and goes back to his seat.  The man finishes his drink and asks the barkeep "Hey, if I can show you something else even more amazing, would you let me drink here for free any day?"  The barkeep thinking he has seen everythig now readily agrees, what coul dbe more amazing than a playing frog?  Well the man reaches into another pocket and brings out a mouse and puts him on top of the piano.  A few secons lader the mouse starts to sing along with the frog's playing!  The barkeep is absolutely floored by this and again agrees to honour his deal.  The business man also sees this and again approaches the man, he offers $100,000 for the frog and the mouse, which the man again declines.  The business man in a last ditch effort says "OK, what about $100,000 just for the mouse?"  The man takes a sip of his drink and says "Just for the mouse?  Yeah OK"  so the business man cuts him a check right there, and takes the mouse and leaves.  The barkeep says to the man "Are you crazy!?"  A mouse like that has got to be worth 10x that much!  What were you thinking?"  The man calmly sips his drink and replies with a wry smile "The jokes on him, the frog is a ventriloquist."
A black pepper and a white pepper walk into a bar     After a while the black pepper notices the white pepper looking at him all crazy and says "Whacha lookin at?"   And the white pepper says "ACHOOOO!"
A dung beetle walks into a bar And asks, "is this stool taken?"
A farmer walks into a hardware store... ...and asks for a chainsaw that can cut down 6 trees in one hour. The salesman recommends the top of the line model. The farmer is suitably impressed, and buys it. The next day he brings it back, complaining that it would only cut down 1 tree and it took ALL DAY! The salesman takes the chain saw, starts it up to see what's wrong, and the farmer says: "What's that noise?"
A man walks into a bar and says "Give me a beer before the problems start!" A man walks into a bar and says, "Give me a beer before the problems start!"  He drinks the beer and then orders another saying, "Give me a beer before the problems start!"  The bartender looks confused. This goes on for a while, and after the fifth beer the bartender is totally confused and asks the man "When are you going to pay for these beers?"  The man answers, "Now the problems start!
A man walks into a lawyer's office and asks, "How much do you charge?"   The lawyer says, "$5,000 for three questions."  "Wow, that's pretty expensive, isn't it?" the man asks.  "Yes," says the lawyer. "Now, what's your third question?"  
A bra and a set of jumper leads walk into a bar... The barman says, “Sorry, I can’t serve you.” The bra and jumper leads ask "Why not?”  And the barman replies “Because you’re off your tits and you’re looking to start something.”
3 young vampires walk into a vampire bar and get themselves situated. The older rugged bartender comes over to the young men and begins to take their order.  Bartender: What are you drinking tonight lad?  Vampire 1: I'll take a cup of blood.  Bartender: Coming right up, what about you young fella?  Vampire 2: A cup of blood for me as well  Bartender: Coming right up, and you son down there what are you drinking?  Vampire 3: I'll just take a cup of hot water  The bartender is slightly confused and asks him "Now what on earth is a fine young vampire like yourself going to do with a cup of hot water?"  The 3rd vampire pulls a used tampon out of his pocket and says "Oh, I'm making tea."
A very elderly gentleman,mid ninety's,very well dressed, hair well groomed,great suit,flower in his lapel smelling slightly of a good aftershave,presenting a well looked after image,walks into an upscale cocktail lounge. Seated at the bar is an elderly lady,mid eighties.  The gentleman walks over,sits along side of her,orders a drink,takes a sip,turns to her and says"So tell me do I come here often?"
A man, new to town, walks into a bar and asks for three pints of Guinness, served all at once. The bartender mentions that he might better enjoy them one at a time, so they don’t get warm, but the man tells him this story:  “You see, I’m an identical triplet, and I just moved here from my hometown. My brothers and I all agreed that every Tuesday night, we would go to the bar and order three pints of Guinness at the same time and drink them together.” The man then proceeds to drink his three pints, a sip from each at a time, until they are empty. He then heads home for the evening.  This continues for weeks, then for months, and then years, until one day, the man comes into the bar where his customary pints are waiting for him, and tells the bartender, “I’m afraid you’ll have to take one of these back tonight; it’ll just be two pints each Tuesday from now on.”  The bartender doesn’t know what to say, so he goes about his duties for a while, and then finally comes back to the man, now halfway through his two pints. Putting his hand on his shoulder, the bartender says the only thing he can think of: “I’m so sorry to hear of your loss. I can’t imagine what it must be like for you to lose your brother.”  The man looks shocked, and then lets out a laugh. “Oh my goodness, I’m sorry to have worried you! My brothers are fine; I’ve converted to Mormonism! I don’t drink any more!”
Joey Buttafucko, Dick Butkus and Pete Buttigiegi walk into a bar The bar is in Butte County
A dog walks into a nail salon Now its dinner
A dog walks into a bar, the bartender asked him what he wanted, He says “alcohol poisoning.”
A guy walks into a tattoo parlor, "What's the Chinese symbol for failure?" The artist replies, "Any tattoo will do."
A robot walks into a bar He gets a drink because he cant say jokes
A vampire walks into a pub "Can i have a pint of blood please?" says the vampire  "We dont serve blood ... get out " replies the bar tender  Vampire leaves, dejected.  10 minutes later he comes back into the bar looking elated, he starts to speak but before he can say anything...  "I told you", says the bar tender "we dont serve blood  get out"  "I just want some  boiling water" says Dave (the vampires name was Dave)  "Why?" says Vlad (What? The bar tender can't be Russian?)  "I found a used Tampon", says Dave "I'm gonna make  a brew"
A personified joke walks into a sub And triggers a flair
A panda walks into a bar. He gobbles some beer nuts, then pulls out a pistol, fires it in the air, and heads for the door.  “Hey!” shouts the bartender, but the panda yells back, “I am a panda, google me!”  Sure enough, panda : “A tree climbing mammal with distinct black and white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves.”
A Ham Sandwich Walks Into A Bar... And accidentally bumps into a bloke knocking a pint out of his hand. He punches the ham sandwich in the face, making him fall to the ground motionless. Laying there, limp, another bloke comes running up and yells, "Oh my god! I can't look... He's bread!".
A man walks into a zoo. There is only one animal, a dog. It is a shitzu
A drunk walks into a bar.... ....orders a drink and says to the bartender, "lawyers are all assholes!"    The guy at the end of the bar says "you better take that back!"   The drunk man asks, "why, are you a lawyer?"  The man says "NO, I’m an asshole!"
An English lad walks into a bar and tells the bartender: "I want your finest Perry." The most well dressed guy in the bar got up and proceeded to beat the Hell out of that poof.
A pregnant woman walks into a bank. and lines up at the first available teller. Just at that moment the bank gets robbed and she is shot three times in the stomach. She was rushed to the hospital where she was fixed up. As she leaves she asks the doctor about her baby.  The doctor says, "Oh! You're going to have triplets. They're fine but each one has a bullet lodged in its stomach. Don't worry though the bullets will pass through their system through normal metabolism."  As time goes on the woman has three children, two girls and a boy. Twelve years later, one of the girls comes up to her mother and says "Mommy, I've done a very weird thing!"  Her mother asks her what happened and her daughter replies, "I passed a bullet into the toilet." The woman comforts her and explains all about the accident at the bank.  A few weeks later, her other daughter comes up to her with tears streaming from her eyes. "Mommy, I've done a very bad thing!" The mother says, "Let me guess. You passed a bullet into the toilet, right?"  The daughter looks up from her teary eyes and says, "Yes, how did you know?"  The mother comforts her child and explains about the incident at the bank.  A month later the boy comes up and says, "Mommy, I've done a very bad thing!"  "You passed a bullet into the toilet, right?"  "No, I was masturbating and I shot the dog."
2 blondes walk into a building with a revolving door. They never made it inside. 
Descartes walks into a bar. He orders a drink and finishes it. The bartender asks if he wants another.   "I think not," says Descartes.   Poof. He disappears. 
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says, "Why the long face?" And the horse says, "I've just realized I'm a metaphysical construct within a fictional narrative and will cease to exist at the end of this sentence."
So a depressed guy walks into a bar... He sits down on a stool, slumps over the counter, and drowns himself in a few shots of malt whiskey. After an hour of wallowing in loneliness and self-pity, he inevitably asks the bartender, "Why was I ever born?"  Perplexed and worried, the bartender responds, "Hey, maybe you've had a little too much to drink. You're not thinking about killing yourself are you?"  Annoyed, the guy remarks, "Kill myself? No, I'm afraid my short life will be over once this conversation is said and done."  Looking even more concerned, the bartender asks, "What makes you say that? You have so much to live for! There's no need to despair! Don't waste your potential by sulking about."  Mockingly, the guy replies, "What, you don't know what my purpose is? Surely, someone as wise as you, who regularly talks with all sorts of customers, would have some inkling of knowledge as to why we're all here?"  Put off by the guys tone, the bartender smiles and says, "Who knows? Maybe your life is the same as most peoples. Just one big, bad joke with every wasted moment spent self-loathing and blaming the world for their problems being the punchline."  Smirking, the guy concludes with a sigh of relief, "I guess your right. Only now, at the end of it all, do I realize the irony of my existence. I could have spent my life trying to make people happy and laugh with a little something to show for it, but instead here I am... still depressed over an existential crisis that is as meaningful as this joke is funny. How pointless."  
A 13 year old weasel walks into a bar... A 13 year old weasel walks into a bar and approaches the counter. The bartender immediately notices the underage weasel.  "Sir, you look extremely young. I can't serve you even a single beer."  "Oh c'mon. You can't just slide me one?"  "Can't and will not serve to anyone under age."  "Fine. Well what other things do you have?"  "Well for non-alcoholics I have tap water and bottled water, I have coffee, and I have pop. Which would you like?"  "Pop." Goes the weasel.
One day two blondes walk into a perfume shop. The one blonde picks up a bottle of perfume that is titled “Viens Chez Moi.  ”The blonde asks the manager what it means, and the manager says it means, “Come to Me.”  So the blonde smells the perfume and asks her friend, “Does this smell like come to you? Because it doesn’t smell like come to me.”
Slim walks into his local post office and notices a new sign on the wall: MAN WANTED FOR ROBBERY IN MONTANA "Gosh!" he says, "If only that job was in Texas, I'd take it!"
A gentleman walks into a very busy Italian Restaurant The host explains that they are very busy and he will have no choice of seating. The gentleman agrees and is seated at the only remaining table. He views the menu and orders a plate of the city's best spaghetti. The waiter comes to the table and sets the meal before him.  The gentleman puts the first bite of perfectly seasoned sauce and masterfully cooked noodles in his mouth. He savors the taste, but as he looks up he sees a man across the way who has leprosy.   He immediately gags and throws up some of his lunch onto his plate.  The man with leprosy looks across at him and they make eye contact.  The waiter comes to the table and asks the gentleman if he can replace his meal.  "Please," he replies.   The waiter returns to his table with a plate of the city's best spaghetti. He smells the garlic, basil, tomatoes, and olive oil and then digs in. He's a few bites in when his eyes wander to the other patrons, and again he sees the man with leprosy.  He wretches and hurls onto his plate.   The man with leprosy is now looking across the room at him with anger in his eyes.  The waiter comes back to the table and asks if there is something wrong with the meal.  "Not at all. I'm sorry," says the gentleman, embarrassed. "Please brings me another plate."  The waiter comes back a third time bearing a plate of the city's best spaghetti. The man, intent on enjoying his meal, keeps his head down and begins to eat. Halfway through the plate, he lifts his eyes to the heavens in salute to the beauty of a perfect meal and sees the man with leprosy again.  He loses his meal all over the table in front of him.  This is finally too much for the man with leprosy. He stands up and shouts, "If you have a problem with how I look, you better just leave!"  The poor gentleman waves his arms in protest. "No, sir. It isn't you, I swear! It's the guy behind you dipping his breadstick into your back!"
A guy walks into a bar carrying a guitar case.... He makes his way up to the front of the bar, sits his guitar case down, and stands on top of a bar stool.    After getting everyone's attention, he states, "I am the absolute toughest man in this bar, and I will bet $2,000 to any man that proves me wrong."    Several people walk up to him and gladly say they will take that bet.    With a smile, the man sheds his clothes.  Standing there on the bar stool completely naked, he opens the guitar case to expose an alligator.  He takes the alligator out, opens it's mouth, places his penis inside the alligator's mouth, and let's the alligator's jaws slam shut on his penis.  He then proceeds to twirl the alligator around with his penis.   After several minutes of this, he takes a beer bottle and breaks it over the alligator's head.  The alligator's jaws open releasing his penis, and he puts the alligator back in the case.    Still standing on the bar stool, he says, "Now...Any man in here that will do that, can gladly come up here and take all of this money."  The crowd takes a step back away from the man.  There is a small fragile man in the back of the bar with his arm raised.  The crowd parts to expose the man.  He walks slowly forward and says, "I'll do it!  As long as you promise not to hit me in the head with the bottle."
So, a guy walks into a bar... He tells the bartender that he wants 3 double vodkas with red bull straight up.  The bartender, making conversation, asks what the man is celebrating.  The guy looks at the bartender for a moment and says, "my first blowjob".  The bartender tells him, "well, congrats, just for that, I will give you a 4th one on the house!"  The guy looks back at him and replies, "no thanks, if the first 3 do not get that taste of my mouth, a fourth one will not make any difference..." 
The past, the present and the future walk into a bar It was tense. 
An old man walks into a coffee shop He approaches the counter and notices a young teen playing on his phone. Without looking, the teen says:  "How can I help you?"  Old man: "I'll take a small coffee please"  Teen without looking:  "That'll be $0.75 cents please.  The old man annoyed at the teen digs into his pocket and retrieves 3 quarters to which he flicks all three at the teen which obviously gets his attention.  The teen now has to pick up the quarters which are scattered as the old man leaves with his coffee.  The next day, the teen notices the man and decides to ignore him again just to realize that the old man isn't having and throws 3 more quarters at the teen. This continues for a few days until...  The old man returns for his regular cup of coffee.  Teen (paying full attention) replies:  $0.75 cents please.  The old man digs into his pocket only to find that he has just 2 quarters.  The old man pulls his wallet out and hands the teen a dollar. The teen smelling the sweet smell of opportunity decides it's payback.  The teen brings out 5 nickels out of the registers and proceeds to throw the nickels all over the stores as he counts.   "5"  "10"  "15"  "20"  "25"  "Is your change sir... have a good day"  The old man then digs into his pocket, finds the 2 quarters and as he throws them behind the counters says...  "50, 75..... another small coffee please."
An Irishman, a Mexican, and a whale walk into a bar, The Irishman says, "give me an Irish whiskey." The bartender gives him one and he sits down to drink it.  The Mexican says, "I'll have tequila." The bartender gives him a tequila and  he sits down to drink it.   Then the whale says, "WAAOOAOOOO" because whales don't talk.
The past, present and future walk into a bar... It was tense!
A man walks into a bar and with loads of arrogance says... "Bartender!I want to have 100 times the amount of liquor than the amount  people are drinking here.Im an expert at holding my alcohol."  The bartender chuckles and tells the man,"I'm afraid there isn't that much alcohol in the country young man!".  The man says,"why it surely can't be that much".  The bartender says,"Well give me some time to arrange that cuz this is Ireland."
Bear Grylls walks into an Aussie Pub Bartender goes "what can I get you"  Bear Grylles, "its alright, I brought my own piss"
If you walk into the bathroom American and you walk out of the bathroom American, what are you when your in the bathroom? European.
A Roman soldier walks into a bar... He holds up two fingers and says "Five of your finest beer, please"
A man walks into an ice cream parlor There is a new ice cream parlor in town and a man decides to go try it out.  He walks in and says to the man behind the counter, “I’ll take a scoop of chocolate in a cone.” the man behind the counter replies, “Sorry sir we only carry vanilla and strawberry.” so the man leaves and comes back the next day...  He walks in and says to the same man behind the counter, “Do you sell ice cream by the pint? If so I’ll take a pint of chocolate ice cream.” the man behind the counter replies, “Sorry sir but like I said yesterday, we only have vanilla and strawberry.” so the man leaves and comes back the next day... and the next day... and the next day... ordering various sizes of chocolate ice cream each day until the man behind the counter is completely furious.   One day, he again walks in to the place and says, “I’ll take a gallon of chocolate ice cream” the guy behind the counter at this point is fed up and tired of this guy’s complete lack of comprehending skills so he tells him, “Buddy, go ahead and spell the van in vanilla” so the man says “V-A-N”. The guy behind the counter is pleased and so he then tells him, “Good! Now spell the straw in strawberry” and the man easily spells it, “S-T-R-A-W”. The guy behind the counter smiles, “Now spell the fuck in chocolate” and the man replies, “There is no fuckin’ chocolate!”   The worker then shouts, “THATS WHAT I’VE BEEN TRYING TO TELL YOU THE WHOLE DAMN TIME!!!”
A kid walks into a kitchen... ... and ask: "mom, what's for breakfast?"  "Look, just because I sleep with your dad, it doesnt mean that you can call me "mom""  "Ok, so what am I supposed to call you then?"  "Just as usual, "Steven""  PS. Sorry for any grammar mistakes, english is not my native language
A man walks into a bar and orders a drink The barman hands him his drink A few seconds later a tiny green creature jumps into his beer and shouts "FLUPPADUPPAGIBGAB!!!" And hops out and runs away The man finishes his beer and goes home. The next day he goes the same bar and orders another drink The barman hands him his drink and again a few seconds later a tiny green creature jumps into his beer and shouts "FLUPPADUPPAGIBGAB!!!" And hops out and runs away The man finishes his beer and goes home. The next day he goes the same bar and orders another drink The barman hands him his drink and again a few seconds later a tiny green creature jumps into his beer and shouts "FLUPPADUPPAGIBGAB!!!" And hops out. But this time the man grabs the creature and says "If you jump in my drink one more time I'm gonna cut your dick off!!" "But i don't have a dick" the creature replies "Then how do you go to the toilet?" "I go FLUPPADUPPAGIBGAB!!!"  
A guy walks into a bar and orders a drink.  After a few more he needs to go to the can. He doesn't want anyone to steal his drink so he puts a sign on it saying, "I spat in this beer, do not drink!". After a few minutes he returns and there is another sign next to his beer saying, "So did I!"
A man walks into a bar. He has a pig under his arm. "Where did you get that?" asks the barman. "I won him in a raffle" replies the pig.
A man with a bad cough walks into a hospital. Coughing he walks up to the receptionist and says, “I have a really bad cough I need to see the doctor.” “Ok,” the receptionist replies, “Go sit down the doctor will see you in a minute”  After a little while another guy walks in with a bad sneeze. He walks up to the receptionist and says, “As you can see I have a terrible sneeze I need to see the doctor.” “Ok,” the receptionist replies, “Go sit down the doctor will see you soon.” So the second guy goes and sits down next to the first guy. And a few seconds later  the first guy starts a sneezing and the second guy stops so he gets up and leaves.  Not far after that, the first guy still coughing and sneezing, another guy walks in shaking his arms randomly. He walks up to the receptionist and says, “As you can see I have an arm spasm, I need to see the doctor.” “Ok,” the receptionist replies, “Go sit down the doctor will see you soon.” So he goes and sits next the the coughing and sneezing guy. Not a moment later the guy with the arm spasms stops moving his arms, and the poor soul with the cough and the sneeze starts moving his arms. So the guy who once had arm spasms gets up and leaves.  A few minutes later a woman walks in, and she is quite obviously pregnant, she goes up to the receptionist and says, “I think this thing is ready to pop!” So the guy with a cough, a sneeze, and arm spasms gets up and says, “That’s it!” And walks out the door.  [this joke is an adaptation of a skit I did with my scout troop a few years ago at scout camp, it was a crowd favorite!]
A traveler walks into a bar in Montana and orders an Old Fashioned. The bartender smiles and asks, “So what part of Wisconsin are you from?”
A priest, a rabbi, and an imam walk into a bar. "Damn multiculturalism," said the bartender. 
A homeless guy walks into a bar He goes up to the bartender and asks for a toothpick. The bartender hesitant at first is like sure why not and gives the homeless guy one.   Later another homeless man walks in and asks for a toothpick and again the bartender is hesitant but is like sure whatever.   This continues with a couple more homeless people coming and asking for toothpicks until finally one homeless guy comes in asking for a spoon. The bartender confused asks him why he wants a spoon and not a toothpick.  The homeless man replies "Well a lady puked outside and now all the chunkies are gone".
A man walks into a bar and sees his friend sitting beside a 12-inch pianist. He says to his friend, "That's amazing. How did you get that?" The man pulls out a bottle and tells him to rub it and make a wish. He rubs the bottle, and a puff of smoke pops out and tells him that he can have one wish. So the man thinks and says, "I wish I had a million bucks."  The genie says, "OK, go outside, and your wish will be granted." The man goes outside, but all he finds are ducks filling the sky and roads. He goes back in and tells his friend what happened, and his friend replies, "I know. Did you really think I wanted a 12-inch pianist?"
Three vampires walk into a bar... The first one orders a Bloody Mary.  The second one orders a Blood and Sand.   The third one asks only for a cup of hot water.  Upon sitting down, the first two vampires inquire about the third vampires drink.  The third vampire reaches into his breast pocket, pulls out a used tampon and says:  "I'm having tea"
Watson walks into room and sees Sherlock having sex. He inquires is she in high school. Sherlock replies.. Elementary! My dear Watson 
A time traveler walks into a bar. Time Traveler: *Shoots Bartender*  Bartender: What can I get for you?
The devil walks into a church Everyone runs out except for an old man. The devil asked him why didnt he run out? The man replies with a "I married your sister. I think i can handle you."
A bear walks into a bar... And sits down on the last stool away from the door, the only available seat. The bartender eventually works his way down to the bear. "Sorry, it's been a rough day. What'll it be?" "I'll have a gin and... tonic." "Why the long face?" The bear looks confused. "Don't you mean 'Why the big pause?'" The bartender sighs. "Like I said, it's been a rough day."
Quasimodo walks into a bar and asks for a whisky. Landlord: "Bells alright?"  Quasimodo: "Mind your own fucking business."
A man walks into a bar... And there’s another bloke sitting at the bar with a Tiny man playing the piano next to him.  The guy that just walked in said, mate, how’d you get that?  Guy at the bar sais, well, there’s a gong over there. You just go over and bang the gong once and a genie comes out. But, catch is, the genie is a bit deaf from the gong going off all the time, and you have to whisper the wish to him so that no one else hears the wish.  So the guy goes over, bangs the gong, and the genie comes out..  Guy goes over and make his whispery wish into his ear...  A minute later, a duck walks into the bar. Then another, and another and it keeps going until there’s a million ducks in the bar. The guy at the bar is dumbfounded, leans to the other guy and and sais, mate, I thought I was clear, I wanted a million bucks!’ To which the other guy responded, mate, told you he’s a little deaf. You don’t think I wished for a 12 inch Pianist do you?
A man with a wooden leg walks into a bar As he sits down to order a drink, the guy next to him keeps staring at the wooden leg. After a while he asks: "Dude, couldn't you get a decent prosthesis? The way you walk looks very weird. This can't be healthy" The man looks at his leg and replies: "Hmmm that's strange. I just had an IT guy over to check on it. He left left immediately without charging me. Said, it wouldn lag"
A referee walks into a bar... Then some chairs, and then a table...
A chemist and another man walks into the bar. Chemist:  I would like a glass of H2O.  Man:  I would like a glass of H2O too.  The man died.
Three blonds walk into a building. You would think one of them would have seen it.
A young cowboy walks into a saloon and orders a bowl of chili. The older cowboy next to him says, "here, you can have mine. I'm not hungry"  So, the young cowboy being extremely hungry gobbles up the chili to find a dead rat in the bottom of the bowl. He quickly throws up the chili back into the bowl because he was disgusted.  The older cowboy said, "Yep, I had the same reaction."
A pregnant woman walks into a bank A pregnant woman who is expecting triplets walks into a bank, while she is in there a robber walks in and shouts for everyone to get down on the ground, the woman is too slow so the man shoots her 3 times and runs away from the scene.  The woman survives, and the doctor told her that in 12 years, each of her children will have to pass the bullet.  So in 12 years, her 1st son walks up to her and says ‘mum I’ve just peed out a bullet’ so she tells him the story.Her Daughter then walks up and says the same, so again the mother tells the story.Then her 3rd son walks up to her and says ‘mum you’ll never guess what’ which she replies with ‘let me guess you peed out a bullet’ which he replies with ‘no, I was masturbating and I shot the dog’.
A vegan, a bitcoin trader and someone who didn’t vote in 2016 walk into a bar. Who tells you about it first? 
A boy and his father walk into a pharmacy store where the boy notices a pack of condoms. A boy and his father walk into a pharmacy store where the boy notices a pack of condoms.   The boy turns to his father and ask what condoms are, the father explains that they are used for safe sex.  The boy intrigued ask his father why do they come in different quantities per box.  The father picks up a three pack or condoms and says "well son this three pack is probably best for a senior in High School who may party on the weekends, so he has one for Friday night, Saturday night, and Sunday night". The father then goes to the pack with seven condoms and says. "This pack is best for college students who plan on having sex everyday of the week.  The boy then see's a 12 pack of condoms and says "wow dad a pack with 12 who uses these"?  The father lets out a soft sign and drops his head. "Well son these are for married men, one for January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December".
3 Nazis walk into a BAR They each get 10 shots.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a drink. “Sorry,” the bartender says. “We don’t serve food here.”
A giraffe walks into a bar And says to the bartender: "high balls on me"
Chinese guy walks into a bar.  There is a black bartender. Chinese guy says, "Give me a jigger, nigger." Black bartender says, "Yo, man, that's not cool. You can't come in here and say that to me." The Chinese guy just smiles from ear to ear. "Give me a jigger, nigger." The black bartender says, "How would you like it if you were behind the bar and I came up and said something like that to you?" The Chinese guy shrugs, "I don't care." So the Chinese guy gets behind the bar, the black bartender goes outside, walks in and says, "Give me a drink, chink!"  The Chinese guy says, "I'm sorry, we don't serve niggers in here."
A machine learning algorithm walks into a bar. A machine learning algorithm walks into a bar.  The bartender ask, “What will you be having today?” The algorithm responds, “What’s everyone else having?”
A panda walks into a steakhouse... *A panda walks into a steakhouse.*  Panda: Can I get some bamboo?  Server: Sorry, we only have steak here.  Panda: I'll have some steak then.  *The panda eats the steak.*  Server: So how was the food?  Panda: It was one of the most delicious meals I've ever had!  Server: Glad you enjoyed, here's your bill.  *The panda takes out a gun and shoots the server. The server is in agony.*  Server: Why?? I thought you said the food was good?  Panda: Don't you know who I am? Look me up in the dictionary.  *The server, with the last of his strength, pulls out the dictionary.*  Server: "*A panda eats chutes and leaves...*"  *The server, in his final moments, watches panda leaves the steakhouse, realizing he got played.*
Two nuns and a penguin walk into a bar… …the barkeep points at the penguin and says, "You're in the wrong joke".
A law graduate walks into the bar Again, and again, and again,   ... and again     A man then said   "You might want to consider another career."
3 Bats Walk Into A Bar... One tells the bartender "I'll have a pint of blood". The next bat says "I'll have a pint of blood as well." The last bat says "I'll have a pint of plasma."  So the bartender says, "alright let me get this straight, you guys want two bloods and a blood lite?"
An old guy walks into a bar... An old guy walks into a bar and the bartender asks for ID. "You've got to be kidding," he said. "I'm almost 60 years old." The bartender apologized, but said he had to see the license. The guy showed his ID, then paid and told the bartender to keep the change. "The tip's for carding me," he said. The bartender put the change in the tip cup. "Thanks," he said. "Works every time."
A gorilla walks into a bar A gorilla walks into a bar and says, "A scotch on the rocks, please." The gorilla hands the bartender a $10 bill.  ​The bartender thinks to himself, "This gorilla doesn't know the prices of drinks," and gives him 15 cents change.  ​The bartender says, "You know, we don't get too many gorillas in here."  ​The gorilla replies, "Well, at $9.85 a drink, I ain't coming back, either."
Guy walks into a bar. Says give me a shot. I'm celebrating my first blowjob. Says give me another shot. Now give me another. Bartender says That must have been some blowjob. How many shots are you going to have? Guy says, as many as it takes to get the taste out of my mouth.
Warhorse walks into a bar The barman says "why the long film" 
A man holding a fork walks into a bar And by a bar, I mean an electrical socket.
A man walks into a bar and orders a beer and a dice The bartender, slightly curious, obliges and serves him what he asked for.  The man says:  "You can come out we are served"  Promptly, a tiny man, no taller than a chalk, proceeds to climb out of his chest pocket and sits on the dice to enjoy a tiny bit of the beer that's been poured in a carved little piece of wood.  The bartender, in complete disbelief, goes:  "What.. What am I seeing?! What happened to him!?"  -Argh! It was in Africa! A small village called umm...  He glances down at his tiny fella and asks:   "Hey Carl, what was the name of that village you called the wizard a cunt?
A racehorse walks into a bar ..... One day, a race horse walked into a bar fresh after winning his biggest event of the year. He sits down at the bar, orders a drink and looks over to see a donkey sitting on the other side of the room. The race horse gets up from his stool and decides to say what's up, and they began talking and really hit it off. After a few drinks they decide to head back to the race horse's house, and being the successful race horse he was, his house was amazing and hung up on the walls were countless pictures of his victories. The donkey, questioned them and asked, "whats up with all these pictures on the wall" to which the horse replied that he liked to celebrate his achievements. As the night progressed the horse turned the conversation and began to ask the donkey about what he does for a living. Being a measly donkey he was nothing in comparison to this super star race horse so he continued to divert the conversation till the end of the night, where they both agreed to go back to the donkeys house Tommorow night.   The next day the donkey found himself panicking trying to make the shack that he lived  in look anything near as good as the race horses house the night before, and in a fit of desperation he headed down to the zoo and took some pictures of a zebra. That whole afternoon he spent printing them out into large posters which covered the whole wall, to prepare for the arrival of the horse. Evening arrived and as did the horse, who the donkey hunbly let in. They sat down and had some drinks till the race horse finally asked the donkey what was up with all the pictures of zebras around his room? To which the donkey replied, "oh, that's just when I used to play for juventus!"
(NSFW) A man walks into a bar... He sits down and orders a rum and coke. The bartender hands him an apple. The man confused says "I asked for a rum and coke, this is an apple."   The bartender replies "Trust me buddy. Just try it."   The man boggled by this takes a bite of the apple. "It tastes like rum!" He exclaims.   "Turn it around." Replies the bartender.  Happily he turns the apple around and sure enough "It tastes like Coke! This is awesome!" The man says in excitement.   Another man walks in and orders a gin and tonic. The bartender hands him a different apple. This man mind boggled just like the first starts to exclaim before the first man interrupts.  "Just try it! Trust me!"   He bites into it and says "That tastes like gin!"   "Turn it around!" The first guy says excitedly.   The man turns it around and takes a bite, "That tastes like tonic!" The men then start eating their apples.   A third man walks up to the bar.   The first man looks at him and says, "It doesn't matter what you order he has an apple that tastes like anything!"  The third man sits and ponders about what he wants for a minute before coming to a conclusion.   "Do you have an apple that tastes like pussy?"   The bartender grabs an apple and hands it to the man. "Is this what you mean?" The man promptly takes a bite.  "This tastes like ass!" He yells at the bartender.   The bartender shakes his head and responds "Turn it around!" 
A guy walks into a bar.... Asks the bar tender for a shot of whiskey,  vodka and brandy.   Nails the three shots and proceeds to say "I shouldn't have done that with what I've got! "  The bar tender replies "why,  what have you got?"  "One pound" the man replies....
A snake walks into a bar... Barman says "How'd you do that"?
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender looks up and says, “Wow! In all my years tending bar, I’ve never had a weasel stop by. What can I get you?”  “Pop,” goes the weasel.
A panda walks into a bar. A panda walks into a bar and says to the bartender “I’ll have a Scotch and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Coke thank you”.  “Sure thing” the bartender replies and asks “but what’s with the big pause?”  The panda holds up his hands and says “I was born with them”
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office covered head to toe in cellophane. The psychiatrist says, "Sir, I can clearly see you're nuts."
A robot walks into a bar. “What can I get you?” the bartender asks. “I need something to loosen up,” the robot replies. So the bartender serves him a screwdriver.
Guy walks into a bar Guy walks into a bar and sits at a table. Tells the waitress, "I'll have a Bloody Mary and a menu." When she returns with his drink, he asks "Still servin' breakfast?" When she says Yes, he replies, "Then I'll have two eggs-runny on top and burnt on the bottom, five strips of bacon ON END-well done on one end and still raw on the other, two pieces of burnt toast and a cold cup of coffee." Indignantly the waitress says, "We don't serve that kinda stuff in here!" Guy says, "Funny... that's what I had in here yesterday..." 
A Neutron Walks Into a Bar And says "Oh my God I think I just lost an electron!" The bartender asks "are you positive?"
A bear walks into a bar A bear walks into a beef and bourbon bar and orders a beer.  The bartender tells him "We don't serve beer to bears in beef and bourbon bars"  The bear is pissed and shouts "Give me a fucking beer!"  The bartender replies "We don't serve beer to bears in beef and bourbon bars who berate bartenders"  The bear is enraged! He swings his big paw around and knocks a customer flying. "Give me a fucking beer!"  The bartender goes "We don't serve beer to bears in beef and bourbon bars who berate bartenders and bludgeon bystanders"  The bear can't take it anymore, sinks his teeth into the bar, tears a chunk out and eats it and screams "Give me a fucking beer!"  The bartender calmly replies once more "We don't serve beer to bears in beef and bourbon bars who berate bartenders, bludgeon bystanders and take drugs."  The beer looks surprised and goes "I don't do drugs"  The barman goes "What about that bar bit u ate?"
3 men walk into a The Guinness Book of world records HQ.  the first man claims he has the worlds smallest arm.  the second man claims he has the worlds smallest foot.  the third man claims he has the worlds smallest penis.  after being tested? by the Guinness Book of Records, the first man said "wow, i really have the worlds smallest arm!"  the second man said "wow, i really have the world smallest foot!  the third man storms out and says: "WHO THE FUCK IS JUSTIN BIEBER!?"
A man walks into a bar "Ouch"
The past, present, and future walk into a bar It was tense.
Guy walks into a psychiatrist's office wearing only Saran Wrap... Guy: doctor, I've been hearing voices. Can you help?  Doctor: I'll try to diagnose but I can clearly see your  nuts
A 4th grade kid walks into the kitchen Kid: Mom I have the biggest penis in class. Is it because I'm black?  Mom: No its because you're 17.
A guy walks into a bar  and asks for a beer. He chugs it, looks into his pocket and asks for another beer. He chugs that beer, looks into his pocket and asks for another.  The man does this a few more times until the bartender asks, "How come you ask for a beer, chug it, then look in your pocket?"  The man says, "Because there is a picture of my wife in my pocket and I'm gonna keep drinking till she looks good enough for me to go home." 
3 Conspiracy Theorists walk into a bar... You can't just tell me its a Coincidence!  
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants.   The man says “Oh just a beer”.   The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong, why are you so down today?”.   The man said “My wife and i got into a fight, and she said she wouldn't talk to me for a month”.   The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”?   The man said “Well the month is up tonight”. 
A man walks into a bar.. He says, "Shit, I really need to look where I'm going."
A man walks into a bar... He loses at limbo.
A man walks into a taxi.... and notices a strange smell a few minutes into the ride. Annoyed, he promptly taps the driver on the shoulder.  The taxi driver screams and veers into a telephone pole. "I'm so sorry!" exclaims the man. "I didn't mean to startle you!"  The taxi driver pauses for a moment and slowly turns around. "It's not your fault," he explains. "You are my first passenger as a taxi driver. I was previously an undertaker for 30 years."
A chiropractor, a doctor and a dentist walk into a bar The chiropractor says "I'm tired from all my chiropracty".  The doctor then says "That's nothing, I've been healing the sick all day long"  Then the dentist says "Hey everyone, guess what time it is?"  Then the doctor and the chiropractor both says "What is the time?"  And the dentist says "It's tooth-hurty" (sounds like 2:30)
Three Nazis walk into a bar... Three Nazis walk into a bar, and the bartender says 'Hey, what can I get Jew?'
Two blondes walk into a building... you'd had thought one of them would've seen it.
A nun walks into an off-licence (liquor store for you 'muricans) "I'd like a large bottle of your best Irish whiskey, if you please," she says to the man behind the counter.  "Ah but sister," said the shopkeeper. "I can't be selling such evil liquids to you now, you being a woman of the cloth and all."  The nun looks sternly at the man and says "Don't be so judgemental, Patrick O'Reily... you forget your place! It so happens that this whiskey is for medicinal purposes, to relieve the Mother Superior's constipation."  "Ah I'm sorry sister," said the shopkeeper. "I was hasty. Please forgive me and have this whiskey at no cost with my compliments."  "Thank you Patrick. You're forgiven this once as you've done right in the end. God bless you." says the nun, and leaves with the whiskey.  An hour later and the shop owner locks the door after closing for the evening, and walks around the corner to find the nun absolutely paralytic, with the empty bottle beside her.  "Jesus, Mary, Mother of God!" says the man. "Sister I'm ashamed... I gave you that whiskey in good faith, because you said it was for the Mother Superior's constipation!"  The nun looks at the man, trying to focus. "Aye and so it is, Paddy m'boy," she slurs.  "She's absolutely going to shit herself when she sees me like this".
Two guys walk into a bar... The third one ducks.
An Irishman, Englishman and an American walk into a bar. They order the strongest whiskey on the menu and suddenly get distracted by the US Vice President on TV who says:   "I mean, the truth is I think President Donald Trump is the most accomplished President of my lifetime, and I think already one of the most successful presidents in American history."
A skeleton walks into a bar. And orders a beer and a Mop.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Hey why the long face?"  Then the horse says, "I am sad that I can no longer support myself with residuals from Sex And The City re-runs."
A frustrated man walks into an auto shop and says his car is having problems shifting between gears. On top of that, the man tells the mechanic he's married to a pre-op transgender woman and the hospital just botched her sex-reassignment surgery to remove her penis and create a vagina. The mechanic thinks for a moment and says:   "Well sir, it looks like what you need is a rebuilt tranny and a rebuilt tranny."
A woodsman walks into the woods He finds a nice tree to chop down, and upon taking his axe the tree cries out  "WAIT! IM A MAGICAL TALKING TREE, DONT CUT ME DOWN" He said "You maybe a talking tree but you will dialouge." EDIT: Typo
A horse walks into a bar and asks for a Coke A horse walks into a bar and asks for a Coke.  The bartender is very surprised yet he picks a Coke from the fridge and puts it on the counter.  Horse: “Thanks. How much?”  Bartender: “T... ten... d... dollars”  The horse gets his wallet from the saddle and pays 10$.  Bartender: “Sorry but... it’s the very first time a talking horse comes into my bar”  Horse: “First and last. TEN DOLLARS A FUCKING COKE?” 
A young man walks into a bar And orders three shots of whiskey. The bartender pours him up three, and the young man throws them back one after the other. “Say son, what are you celebrating?” The bartender asks. “The young man replies, “my first blowjob.” “Well here”, says the bartender pouring up another shot. “Have one on me!” “No”, the young man says. “If the first three didn’t get the taste out of my mouth I don’t think one more will help.”
A cowboy walks into a bar... Sees a lady sitting at the bar, walks straight up to her and asks: "Hey Lady, would you sleep with me for 10,000$?" The lady checks him out, smiles and says: "Sure, why not." The cowboy says:"Ok, now that we know what you are, how about 50 bucks?"
A blind man walks into a bar... ... and a table and a chair.
A deformed cat walks into a bar The bartender says:  "What can I do for you?"  To which the cat immediately replies:  "I'll have a gla-..."  "..."  "..."  "-ss of your finest milk please!"  And so the bartender places the glass of milk onto the bar table.  To which the cat, from all the way of the other end of the bar table, scoops it up and pulls it over without getting up from his seat.  And the bartender says:  "So I gotta ask"  "Why the long paws?"
A guy walks into a bar and reads a sign saying "If you can make the Donkey Laugh you get all the money in the jar" So he goes and makes the donkey laugh and collects his winnings.   The fallowing night the same man comes back and sees a sign but the game is new; he reads the sign and it says "If you can make the donkey cry you get all the money in the jar"   So he goes and makes the donkey cry and goes to collect the money, the bar tend then asks  "Last night our game was to make the donkey laugh, you did that, and tonight our game was to make the donkey cry...how did you do it"? The man responds by saying "Well I told to the donkey he had a small penis and his balls were like a raisin and he laughed"  "Okay so how did you make him cry"   The man responds with "I proved it" 
A black man walks into a bar He forgot he was still in prison.
A man walks into a bar with an ostrich and a cat. He sits down and the cat climbs up next to him, looking pissed. The ostrich just mindlessly wonders around and occasionally pecks at a bowl of nuts.  When the bartender asks him what he wants, the man orders a gin and tonic for himself and says the ostrich is just fine with nuts. The cat, sour as a lemon, throws in, "I'll have a scotch, but I ain't fuckin' paying for it."   The bartender feels incredibly curious about the man's associates, but also knows better than to scare away a customer. He serves up the drinks and the man asks how much it'll be.   The bartender says "$6.16, but you can just put it on a tab."  The man smiles and says, "No need, watch." He reaches into his pocket and pulls out $6.16 on the dot, making the bartender whistle.   "Nice little trick, you have there."   The man thanks him and orders some food for himself.   His cat pipes up once again. "I'll take some tuna, but I ain't fuckin' paying for it."   The bartender accepts this brusque order like a professional and soon enough the food is on its way. Curiosity eventually gets the better of him though, and as he serves the food he says, "That'll be $12.57."   Without blinking, the man pulls out the precise amount. The bartender falters and pretends he misread the amount, saying, "Apologies, I meant $15.27." The man tosses in an extra $2.70 in a breeze.   Dying to know, the bartender finally says, "Look, I know it might be rude, but how do you do that?"   The man smiles and sips his tonic. "It's all right. I figured that was the case. Well a couple days ago I find a lamp in an attic, rub it, and out comes a genie. He says I have two wishes, so I think quick on my feet and wish that whenever I have to pay for something, the perfect amount will always appear on hand."  The bartender nods at this logic. "Smart, convenient. Makes sense. And what about the..." he gestures to the ostrich pecking at some cashews and the grim-faced cat nursing its scotch.  The man smiles reproachfully and sighs. "Ah, well you see as well as the first wish went, the second didn't go over so nicely."   "What'd you wish for?"   Reddening, the man mumbles through his glass, "I wished for a chick with long legs and a tight pussy." 
A grill walks into a bar. Everyone is surprised to see a grill enter a bar.  The grill looks at the crowd and says: "What, I was told on the internet that people wanted to meet grills at bars?!"
A guy walks into a diner and orders a cup of coffee... When the waitress sets the cup down in front of him, he notices that she's holding the cup in such a way that her thumb is literally *in* the liquid. Disgusted, but not wanting to cause a scene, he politely asks for a different cup and doesn't point out her faux pas. The waitress looks at him curiously, but complies, going back to the kitchen and returning with a fresh cup within a minute. Once again, her thumb is in the coffee. The man sighs and again orders a different cup with no explanation. Again, she looks puzzled but complies. When she returns with the third cup, yet again her thumb is in the coffee.  "Ugh!" He finally exclaims, unable to contain himself any longer. "Don't you realize that every time you bring me the coffee, you've got your *thumb* in my cup???"  "Oh, that!" She says in comprehension. "I'm sorry, but I have a very painful paper cut on that thumb and it soothes it to stick it in something warm."  "Then why don't you shove it up your arse?!" He says angrily.  "Oh, I do, every time I go back to the kitchen."
Three blondes walk into a bar... You'd think one of them would have seen it.
A guy walks into a pharmacy and buys a pack of condoms. The cashier asks him if he wants a bag.  He responds, "No, she's not that ugly."
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar...  ...and has a few drinks.  Upon leaving the man sees a large jar of money sitting at the end of the bar. Curious, he asks the bartender, "What is that large jar of money for?" The bartender replys, "It's a local bet that I have running."    He then explains that if someone can make the bartender's mule laugh they will win the jar of money but, it costs $10 to try.  The man says, "I can make your mule laugh, so I'll take that bet."  With that he tosses $10 into the jar and the bartender tells him to wait out front for him.  After a few minutes the bartender brings the mule around and the man walks up and whispers something in the mules ear. At this point the mule starts laughing hysterically. The bartender is quite surprised, but hands over the large jar of money. The man thanks the bartender, pays for his drinks and leaves.  A few years later the man passes by the bar again. Remembering the bar he stops for a drink. Again there is a large jar of money on the bar. So the man asks, "So what's the bet this time?" The bartender tells him that if he can make the mule cry, he can have the jar of money or pay $10 for failure.  "I'll take that bet!" says the man and he drops his $10 into the jar. "Do you mind if I have just a minute out back with your mule? I promise not to hurt him and will bring him around front in just a few minutes."  The bartender thinks about it for a moment, but agrees and steps out front to wait on the man. A few minutes later, the man brings the old mule around to the front of the bar and it is crying like a widow at a funeral.  The bartender is just about to pay up when he asks, "Last time I didn't ask what you said to make the mule laugh, but this is twice you've beat me and I must know what you said or did to my mule."  The man tells him that the first time he told the old mule his penis was bigger, this time he showed him.
An SNES Classic walks into a bar. The bartender says "Sorry, we're sold out of alcohol."
RC Cola and Hydrox walk into a bar. The bartender says "Sorry, I cannot serve you".       Confused, Hydrox and RC Cola ask in a more discrete manner.          The bartender still refuses to serve them.          Frustrated, RC Cola and Hydrox walk out of the bar. They soon walk in again, posing as cocacola and oreo, respectively.           The bartender sighs, "I still can't serve you!"          RC Cola and Hydrox yell "WHY?" in disbelief.           The bartender replies "Sorry, I don't believe in alternative snacks."
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel for a belt buckle Bar tender says "I like the belt buckle"  Pirate replies "Arrgh, it's drivin me nuts"
a man and his cat walk into a bar... bartender: Gentlemen, how can I help you?  man: One jack and coke please.  cat: and I'll have an ice and whiskey  bartender: Don't you mean whiskers?  *bartender giggles*  cat: Ha Ha. Very funny. Because i'm a cat right? Good one.  man: *begins to look bothered*  bartender: What?.. don't act like this is the FURst time you've heard a good cat-pun. *bartender laughs again at his own joke*  man: *noticeably getting angrier*  cat: Well i wouldn't say that it was exactly a goo-  bartender: Hey calm down buddy! I'm only tuggin your tail, why don't u go hit a fishbowl and chill out. *bartender is full on cracking up*  man: *stands up* Can you please just CUT IT THE FUCK OUT pal! This shit ain't funny! Like... at ALL.   cat: I agree, you sir have a pawful sense of humor.
A guy walks into a bar and orders 3 beers. He downs them all, pays, and leaves. The bartender was a bit confused at it, but not enough to ask why. The next day, the same thing. And the next. The bartender's curiosity is piqued at this point, so he asks the man why he keeps buying 3 beers. He explains, "My 2 buddies and I used to drink together every night. Since they've shipped away, I've decided to drink their beers in their honor so I may never forget." A noble effort, the bartender thinks, so he gladly serves the man 3 beers every night. One night, the man only orders 2 beers. The bartender asks him why only two, and the man responds, "I've decided to stop drinking."
A man walks into a zoo... the only animal there is a dog.  It's a shitzu.
39 men walk into a bar at lunch time. "I'm expecting another guy in about 3-5 hours," the barman says, "will you stay for tea?"
An ugly man walks into a bar and a beautiful woman approaches him... ... the woman asks the man, "How would you like to get out of here?" and the man is stunned. He never thought a woman like her would ever approach him so he agrees. They both get into his car and drive really far. He stops at a cliff with the view of the whole city. Within seconds they start taking off their clothes. After 15 minutes of vigorous sex they finally finish. They both put their clothes on and they both just sit there awkwardly. The woman speaks up and says "I'm a prostitute and its going to be 100 dollars for my service." The man is stunned and saddened that she didn't really like him. He gives her the money and they both sit there awkwardly. The woman tells him that she is ready to leave and the man replies "I'm a taxi driver and its going to be 150 dollars for the ride here and back."
So a duck walks into a bar... And he says to the man running the bar, "Hey *bum bum bum* got any grapes?".
Man walks into a juice bar... Man - Do you have eggplant smoothie?   Owner - No we don’t.    Man walks away comes back next day.       Man - Do you have eggplant smoothie?    Owner - No Sir,  we don’t have eggplant smoothies. do you want anything else ?    Again man left the shop and comes back next day.       Man - Do you have eggplant smoothie?    Owner - Yes we do sir.     Man - Did you taste it ?    Owner - Yes I did taste it.     Man - Doesn’t it horrible?     And man left the juice bar never comes back.    Edit - Sorry about my grammar. 
A man walks into a bar That must have hurt    Yes, I hate my myself
A duck walks into a bar... And orders the fish dinner. The bartender brings the meal and goes on to serve other customers, when he notices the duck hasn't touched his meal, so he asks "is everything all right with the food?"  "Check please" said the duck  "Is everything all right?" asked the bartender "You haven't touched your fish"  And the duck replied "I cant eat without a bill"
A man walks into a bar with a paper bag. He sits down and places the bag on the counter. The bartender walks up and asks what’s in the bag.  The man reaches into the bag and pulls out a little man, of about 12 inches height, and sets him on the counter. He reaches back into the bag and pulls out a small piano, setting it on the counter as well. He reaches into the bag once again and pulls out a tiny piano bench. The little man sits down at the piano and starts playing a beautiful piece by Mozart.  “Where on earth did you get that ???” asked the surprised bartender. The man responds by reaching into the paper bag. This time he pulls out a magic lamp. He hands it to the bartender and says: “Here. Rub it.”  So the bartender rubs the lamp, and suddenly there’s a gust of smoke and a beautiful genie is standing before him. “I will grant you one wish – just one.”  The bartender gets real excited. Without hesitating he says, “I want a million bucks !”  A few moments later, a duck walks into the bar. Another duck, then another soon follow it. Pretty soon, the entire bar is filled with ducks and they keep coming!  The bartender turns to the man and says, “You know, I think your genie’s a little deaf. I asked for a million bucks, not a million ducks.”  The man replies, “Do you really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?”
A med school student walks into a bar... but he was not prepared for it
A German Shepherd walks into a Western Union He goes up to the window,  noses a form toward the clerk, and seems to indicate he wants to send a  message.      The clerk is amused and laughs a little as she says, "okay, boy, what do you want it to say?"      The dog barks, "Woof-woof, woof-woof-woof, woof, woof-woof."      The clerk giggles as she dutifully fills in the spaces, then says, "well, that's only eight words - you can add two more for the same price!" and busts out laughing.      The dog cocks his head to one side, licks his jowls, and says, "why the fuck would I do that? I already said all I had to say." 
An irish dwarf and a doctor walk into a bar An irish dwarf and a doctor walk into a bar, its about 5 in the afternoon but they start putting down drinks like no other. The dwarf not wanting to risk it and drive home decides to call his wife for a ride. He tells her "i was just with a doctor, and I'm a wee bit smashed" and she tells him "Really? I just thought you were born that way."
A pirate walks into a bar with a ship steering wheel down his pants. The bartender asks "isn't that big thing down your pants bothering you?" The pirate replies "yarr it's driving me nuts."
Granpa walks into a church He comes up to the priest and speaks:  -Father, I have sinned...  -What happend? Tell me.  -Few days ago my lady bent over to pick up something from the fridge and I don't know what got to me but I went on her and you know..  -Well she is your lady?  -Yes.  -And you are in a marriage?  -Yes  -Well it's not a sin, it's a normal thing.  -Okay, thank you father.  . .  The next day old lady walks into a church, also comes up to the priest and speaks up:  -Father, I have sinned.  -What happend? Tell me.   -Well you know few days ago I wanted to get something from a fridge, so I bent ov-  -Yeah yeah I know all about it, your man was here yesterday, he told me about it.  - Really?? Well is it a sin??? I mean I don't know if it's a sin or not..  -You are married and It's what married people do, it is a normal thing.   -So can we still come here?  -Yes, ofcourse.  -Good, because we are banned from Walmart.
Guy walks into a bar and asks for a beer The bartender asks him "Heineken or Carlsberg?" the guy chooses a carlsberg, drinks 10, walks out and passess out on his stomach on the sidewalk. A priest goes by, sees the guy with his ass cracking through his pants, can't resist his urges and proceeds to molest the guy.  After a few hours, the guy wakes up all blurry, sees the bar and walks in. The bartender asks him again "Heineken or Carlsberg?". The guy picks the carslberg again, has 10 more, and again passes out on the sidewalk in front of the bar. The priest goes by again, and again fails to control his urges and brutally fucks the passed out guy in the ass.  After a few hours the guy wakes up, sees the bar and walks in again. The bartender asks him again "Heineken or Carlsberg?"   The guy replies: "I'll have a heineken, I think Carlsberg makes my ass sore"
Harry Potter walks into a bar... Cuz his uncle put em up on his window
A chicken walks into a library A chicken walks into a library, turns to the librarian.  The librarian asks the chicken 'what can I do for you?'  Chicken replies with 'booook.' The librarian gives the chicken a book and it walks away and leaves the library. The chicken comes back 5 minutes later with the book and gives it back to the librarian. Once again the librarian asks the chicken 'what can I do for you?' to which the chicken replies 'booook'  Once again the chicken leaves and comes back 5 minutes later with a book, the librarian once again asks what he wants and gives it a new book but decides this time to follow the chicken and see where it goes/does.  The librarian follows the chicken out of the library and takes a right round to the side of the library, the chicken walks up to a frog, gives the book to the frog who says to the chicken 'Reddit'
A guy walks into a library, goes up to front desk and in quite a loud voice says,..... "Could I get a yellow chicken curry, a pad thai and two serves of steamed rice please?"  The librarian is a bit shocked, and in a whispered voice that none the less conveys her displeasure with the gent says, "Sir, you need to be quiet, this is a library, not a restaurant!!"  The guy looks very sheepish and in a very soft whisper says to the librarian, "I am so sorry. Now, could I get a yellow chicken curry, a pad thai and two serves of steamed rice please?"
A man walks into a restaurant Waiter: What would you like to drink, sir?   Man: Water   Waiter: Still?    Man: Well, why would I stop drinking it now?
a skelton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop
A skeleton walks into a bar he orders a beer and a mop
Several orthopedists walk into a karaoke bar. They’re all like “I wanna dance with somebody, I wanna heal the feet with somebody”
Three Logicians Walk Into a Bar The Bartender asks, "would everybody like a drink?"  The first logician says "I don't know."  The second logician says "I don't know."  The third logician says "Yes."
A lazy comedian, a blind person, and a politician walk into a bar. The blind person and the politician tell each other jokes while the lazy comedian rambles about cancel culture.
A man walks into a bar . . . and sits down to order a drink. Sitting next to him is a sloppy drunk nursing a beer. The bartender says to the man, "Hey, did you hear about that fight going on in the alley? Those two are really duking it out like crazy. There's a crowd watching right now."   &amp;#x200B;  The drunk interjects, sluring his words "It waz mono y mono I'a tell you. mono y mono."   &amp;#x200B;  "I'm pretty sure it's *mano a mano*," the man quips.  &amp;#x200B;  "Well anyway," continued the bartender "The one fella, short thick guy with huge arms, pulls out a beer bottle off the ground, bares his teeth, yells, and throws it at the other guy, who's even shorter, even thicker, and has even bigger arms. So the second fella is enraged by this, and he bares his teeth and screams, picks up a brick off the ground and throws it at the first guy!"  &amp;#x200B;  At this point, the drunk again blurts out "mono y mono, I'a tell you."  &amp;#x200B;  "Again, I hate to be pedantic, but it's *mano a mano*," the man points out."That's not even half of it though," says the bartender. "Next, the first guy is punching and beating the second guy, has him down on the ground, almost out, and the second guy pulls a gun from behind his back! Not a clue where he was hiding it. He's shooting and shooting, and the first guy goes and hides behind a dumpster, till the second guy has emptied his his cartridge like a raving loonie. Soon as he's done, the first guy runs, wrestles the gun away, and beats the second guy over the head with it. Unbelievable! The second guy got it back for a bit though, so he's landed some hard hits on the first guy. I'd say they're both a writhing mess in the gutter at this point with as long as they've been fighting."  &amp;#x200B;  "Mono y mono!" shouted the drunk, as he fell out of his chair.  &amp;#x200B;  "Well hey," the bartender said to the man, "I gotta clean up this drunk. How about you peer out back for a bit and see if the fight is still going on. That is, unless you have something better to do."  &amp;#x200B;  The man didn't have something better to do. It was 3pm on a Wednesday, and he was in the kind of bar where people fight in the alley.   &amp;#x200B;  So the man walked out back and peered out the back door. He couldn't believe his eyes. There, wrestling on the ground, nearly incapacitated but still fighting, were two giant apes--mono y mono.  &amp;#x200B;  \[edited; formatting\]
A midget walks into a bar He wants to get a beer but he forgot his wallet. He asks the man next to him   "Excuse me? Do you have a dollar? Im a a little short"
A Roman walks into a bar A Roman walks into a bar, sticks two fingers up to the barman and says, "Five beers please."  
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first orders 1 pint, the second orders a half pint, the third a 1/4 pint, and so on. This goes on for awhile until the bartender finally stops them, hands them 2 pints, and says "you mathematicians just don't know your limits"
A skeleton walks into a bar... Bartender:  What’ll be? Skeleton:  Give me a beer and a mop. 
A midget walks into a bar... And the bartender says to the midget that he’s having a special today. The bartender says if you can come out back and make my horse both laugh and cry I’ll give you free drinks for the day.  The midget thinks about it for a while and decides he’d like to try, so the bartender brings him out back. The midget says give me two minutes alone with him.  Two minutes later sure enough the horse and the midget come out of the stall and the horse is laughing hysterically. The bar tender says, that’s impressive but you still have to make him cry. The midget says I’ll need two more minutes alone.  Sure enough two minutes later they come out and the horse is sobbing. The bar tender says wow I’m impressed you get the drinks but I have to ask, how did you do it?  The midget says it was easy. First I went in there and told him I have a bigger dick than him. He laughed. Then I showed him I really do.
A man walks into a bar and orders three beers. The bartender brings him the three beers, and the man proceeds to alternately sip one, then the other, then the third, until they're gone.    He then orders three more and the bartender says, "Sir, I know you like them cold, so you can start with one, and I'll bring you a fresh one as soon as you're low."    The man says, "You don't understand. I have two brothers, one in Australia and one in the Ireland. We made a vow to each other that every Saturday night, we'd still drink together. So right now, my brothers have three beers, too, and we're drinking together."   The bartender thinks it's a wonderful tradition, and every week he sets up the guy's three beers. Then one week, the man comes in and orders only two. He drinks them and then orders two more.   The bartender says sadly, "Knowing your tradition, I'd just like to just say that I'm sorry you've lost a brother."    The man replies, "Oh, my brothers are fine. I just quit drinking."
Paddy walks into a bar.... and orders his usual. As he's pouring out the Guiness, the bartender notices that Paddy looks distraught. Worried about his best customer, the bartender asks, "What's the matter, Paddy? You're looking glum".  Paddy responds with a sigh and sips his Guiness. After a minute, Paddy tells the bartender the source of his dispair. "I lost my best mate Mick today you see", says Paddy.  "Oh dear Paddy. If you don't mind me asking, how did it happen?" asked the bartender.  Paddy groaned in discontent.  "He got his finger caught in a wedding ring".
Two scientists walk into a bar... ...the first one says,  "I would like some H2O"  The second one says,  "I would like some H2O too"  The second one dies.
L. Ron Hubbard walks into a comic book convention L. Ron Hubbard walks into a comic book convention. He gets in line to get a comic book signed by Stan Lee, and a little girl asks him: "Aren't you too old for comic books?" Hubbard smiles and replies: "Comic books are for everyone, not just for kids." After a few minutes Hubbard reaches Stan Lee and hands him the comic book and asks him to sign it. Stan Lee then asks Hubbard: "When is the point of this joke going to come?" Hubbard answers: "I don't know. I didn't ask to be in this joke, some guy on Reddit just included me in it. All I wanted to do was to get my book signed and then go home and perhaps watch some television." Hubbard then  took his newly signed comic book and went home. At home, he turned on his television and proceeded to watch a few episodes of Dallas.
A Skeleton walks into a bar... and orders a beer and a mop.
A man walks into a bar... He says ow.
Two chemists walk into a bar. The first one says, "I'll have some H2O."  The second says, "I'll have some water too. But why'd you order it like that? We aren't at work."  The first﻿ chemist excuses himself and weeps in the bathroom. His assassination plot had failed.
A Guy Walks Into A Bar... OW!!!!
A man and Harambe walk into a bar The man asks for a drink and Harambe asks for the same.  The man then says "actually, he'll just have ice"  The bartender says "are you sure he wants just ice?"  The man says "yes, just ice for Harambe"
A hobby horse walks into a bar... The bartender asks "why the log face"?
Helen Keller walks into a bar Then a chair, and then a wall.
A cocky guy walks into a sperm bank. The manager tells the worker, “Can you get a load of this guy, ugh”
An infinite amount of mathematicians walk into a bar... The first mathematician orders a pint, the second one half a pint, the third one a quarter and so on..  Eventually the barman hands over two pints and says: “You mathematicians don’t know your limits!”
A preist and an atheist walk into a bar The atheist doesn’t drink as he doesn’t enjoy it and the preist being a nice friend doesn’t drink either  Later that day they call each other and plan another day to hangout   The atheist calls how long it takes to make plans gay and the priest immediately hangs up  The atheist calls back and says what was that about  The preist responds I’m going to Russia soon and it’s illegal to tell children gay people exist there  So we’re on the phone says the atheist   The preist responds saying they have eyes everywhere   The atheist responds saying no they only have one I   The preist says for the love of god I hate your puns  The atheist then hears the preist screaming as he is dragged down to hell  The atheist says well I guess that will be your eternal PUNishment  The civil picks up the phone and says That was bad even by my standards  The atheist responds saying well don’t demonize me  The devil says I’m coming to your house now  The atheist responds yeah fair enough 
Two introverts walk into a club Haha no they don't.
Two guys walk into a bar... The third guy ducks.
A bear walks into a bar. It's a bear, and thus does not understand what a bar is. They shit on the floor and the bar is evacuated due to safety concerns.
A bull walks into a bar consistently for 3,453 days...what does he order each day? **The S&amp;P 500** LOL
Guy walks into a bar upset Asks the bartender for a double shot of whiskey. Bartender pours it, and as fast as he puts I’d down the upset guys throws it on back.  He then asks for another double shot of whiskey. Bartender feels bad for the guy and says “This one is on the House.” Upset guy doesn’t flinch and downs it again.  Few minutes go by and he asks for another double shot of whiskey. Bartender feeling worried asks, “What happened lad?? What is making ya want to get shitfaced?”  Upset guy says “You don’t even know sir, last night I got completely railed out of mind. I can’t believe what I’ve done. I’ll never live with myself.”  Bartender says, “Come on couldn’t have been that bad. We’ve all had our share of drunken nights.”  Upset guy says, “You don’t understand - I went out with this girl I met online. Absolutely beautiful girl. We had a great time but I definitely had one too many drinks. By the end of the night we were back at her place and I started blowing chunks all over the house. Blew chunks in the kitchen, in the bedroom... Hell I even blew chunks right on her front yard.”  Bartender says, “ that’s okay, we all get a little too drunk and it’s all gonna go somewhere right? Hell I even yakked in the toilet just last weekend”  “Sir you don’t understand I wasn’t yakking... Chunks is the name of her dog.”
A panda walks into a bar... ....Orders a sandwich, eats it, then pulls out an AK47 and shoots up the place. The bartender yells, “what the hell”. The panda says, “I’m a panda it’s what I do” and throws a book on pandas on the bar.   PANDA: Eats, shoots, and leaves. 
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and sees a very small man playing the piano. The guy couldn’t be more than a foot tall he was that short. The man walks up to the bartender and says “woah, does this place have any other cool tricks?”  The bartender replies “sure, there’s a magic mirror in the bathroom.” The man, now curious, goes into the bathroom.  “Whaddaya want?” Says the mirror with a thick Boston accent.  “I want a million bucks!” Shouts the man.  “Done” says the mirror.  The man walks out into the front of the bar to see more ducks than he’s ever seen in his life! Angrily he walks up to the bartender and says “hey! I wanted a million bucks but got a million DUCKS!” The bartender shrugs and says “you really think I wanted a twelve inch pianist?”
A Man walks into a bar...... A man walks in to a bar with a box under his arm and says to the barman “if I can show something you have never seen before will you give me a free drink?”  Now the barman has seen mostly everything in his time and says “sure , Impress me and hell, I’ll give you a free tab for the eve!”  So the man puts down the box and opens it and then he pulls a small piano out of it and places it on the bar and then a little man as well.  The little man walks up to the piano and starts playing !  The barman was blown away by this and agrees to the drinks and asks”where did you find him?”  “Well “says the man, “I found this magic lamp”Goes back in to the box and pulls out this old brass oil lamp.  “I rubbed it and a genie appeared and granted me one wish and then he said I must pass the lamp on to the next person that did me a kindness”  “Wow” says the barman.  The man then says “as you gave me a drink I’m going to let you have the lamp”  “Be careful what you wish for tho”  So the barman rubs the lamp and then makes his wish………  Next thing the bar has ducks everywhere!!! Crapping on the bar and the floor and all over the customers!!!!!  The barman shouts at the man saying,” I wished for a million Bucks! not a million ducks!“  To this the man replies, ” And you think that I wished for a 12 inch Pianist?! “ 
A bear walks into a bar and says, “Give me a whiskey and … cola.” “Why the big pause?” asks the bartender. The bear shrugged. “I’m not sure; I was born with them”
A weasel walks into a bar The bartender goes, "You dont see many weasels in this bar" The weasal says, "Yeah, I guess you dont.." The bartender says, "Well Mr. Weasel- what will it be?" "Pop" goes the weasal.
A philosopher, an electrician and a redneck walk into a bar And they started arguing what was the fastest thing ever:  - From my point of view - says the philosopher - it's the thought, it has gone through your mind before you even notice it!  - Well - Says the electrician - to me, it's electricity, the moment you turn the lights on, they're on! Boom! Immediately!  - I'm afraid you're wrong - claims the redneck - to me,  diarrhea is the fastest thing in the world.  Both stare at the redneck dumbfoundedly - diarrhea?!  - Heck yes, just yesterday I had bad diarrhea and just before I even thought of turning on the bathroom light, I had already shit myself.
A women walks into a doctors office with her son for a checkup The doctor does his checkup and the son is fine.  The women takes the doctor aside and says, “My son is a chronic masturbator. When will he stop?”  The doctor says, “When his hands are so arthritic that he can’t grip it anymore”
A 60 year old man walks into a confessional.  The priest says, "What do you want to tell me, my son?" "The man says, "Well, I stopped at a bar for one short drink last night, and met a 20 year-old woman. We hit it off great, and ended up going to her place. We made love for 8 hours, and I had 6 orgasms without going soft-on even once. We'd still be at it if she hadn't told me she was exhausted." So the priest tells him to say 10 'Hail Marys'. The man says," Hail Marys? Wait, I'm not Catholic, I'm Jewish." The priest asks, "Then why are you telling me all this?" The man says, "What do you mean you? Hell, I'm telling everybody!" 
Ray Kroc, Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates walk into a bar. The owner turns his back for a second and lost his bar.﻿
[possibly NSFW] One day a man walks into a bar... ... and to his amazement, he finds a tiny person playing a tiny piano.   Stunned the man asks the bartender where he got this amazing person.   The bartender replies that inside the closet there is a genie that will grant him a single wish.  The man dashes into the the closet and as the bartender said, there's a genie inside.  Without hesitation the man wishes for a million bucks, however, instead 1 million ducks instantly appeared.   Infuriated, the man stormed to the bartender and screamed   "I think your genie is hard-of-hearing, I asked for a million bucks but instead I got a million ducks."  The bartender shakes his head and replies,  "You're telling me... Do you really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?"  **I did not invent this joke**
Chad Kroger walks into a supermarket. He buys a Powerade.   The cashier says, "that'll be 95 cents."  Chad Kroger gives the cashier a dollar and takes the Powerade without taking his change.   Before Chad leaves the cashier yells, "Wait!"  Chad replies, "What?"  "Your band fucking sucks."
Guy walks into a bar and orders 10 shots. Bartender is amazed and says "really? Ten shots? All in a row? Right now?"  The fella nods and says "yeah, if you had what I have you'd want ten as well."  The shots get poured, the guy slams them, one after another within the space of a minute, then sits there, pale and a sick look on his face.  Wow this guy must be bad off, the bartender thinks, after watching him a moment the bartender screws up his courage and asks him.  "Fella, i gotta know. You just slammed ten shots, what do you have that you need ten shots to help? You said if I had what you had I'd understand. Well what do you got?"  The man looks down at the empty glasses in front of him and sighs, looking up at the bartender he took a deep breath.  "I got a dollar fifty."
A well dressed guy walks into a bar.  He orders a double Scotch straight up, and relaxes at the bar. It's almost empty at this hour, and the barkeep is at the other end washing glassware. As the man takes a sip of his drink he hears a quiet little voice saying "Nice suit you're wearing". The man looks around and sees no one. He says to the bartender, "Hey, did you say something to me?" The bartender denies it and says he didn't hear anything. About 10 minutes pass and again he hears the quiet little voice saying "I really like your haircut". Again he looks around no one. He says to the bartender, "Hey, did you hear anything that time?" The bartender says he didn't hear anything, and that he's not the culprit. The guy returns to his glass of Scotch, and tries to relax. After about 15 minutes it happens again; "That tie was made for that shirt". The guy walks down to the bartender and says,"Look, I'm nursing the drink so I'm not drunk, but I'm hearing a little voice, I mean it's polite, even said it likes my clothes. But are you sure this isn't some kind of joke, or am I losing it?" The bartender cocks his head and thinks for a minute. Then he smiles and says "I know, it's probably our complimentary peanuts."  ##   &amp;#x200B;
A man walks into a psychiatrist’s office naked, wrapped only in cling wrap. The psychiatrist says, “I can clearly see you’re nuts.”
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel hanging from his crotch Bartender: What the hell is that?  Pirate: I dunno, but it's drivin' me nuts.
An Arab a Mexican and a redneck walk into a bar and all three order a shot. The Arab drinks all his and throws the glass into the air shooting it with his AK 47 saying "We have so much sand in the desert. We don't need to drink out of the same glass twice."  The Mexican intrigued by this does the same with his AK 47 shouting "Glass is so cheap in Mexico that we don't need to drink out of the same glass twice."  The redneck is very impressed by this so he finishes his drink throws the glass in the air, takes his AR 15 and shoots the Arab and Mexican shouting "We have so many illegals in America we don't need to drink with the same ones twice."
An old salt walks into a harbor bar and sees a man he thinks he knows with a hook hand, a peg leg and an eye patch. He says,"Ahoy, aren't you Cap'n Jones?", The old sea dog says,"Aye, Cap'n Jones I am."  The tar says "I sailed with ye years ago. But last time I saw ye, ye were a whole man. What happened to your leg?" Jones answers "Lost it inna battle, cannonball took it off at the knee." "Surely bad, and how about your hand?" "Ah, in another fight, a cutlass took it off at the wrist." The old salt says, Well how'd you come to lose your eye?" Cap'n Jones says, "I was lookin' up to the missenmast one day, and a gull shit in my eye." The sailor says, "Well that's not good, but I never heard of a man losin' an eye over such." Jones says, "Arrrg, it was right after I got me hook."
A duck walks into a bar... We tried to warn him, but he just waved and kept walking.
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The first one orders a beer, the second one orders half a beer, the third guy a quarter of a beer, the fourth guy get a eighth of a beer the fifth orders a sixteenth of a beer...  The bar then collapses into a black hole due to the crowd.
Two scientists walk into a pub Two scientists walk into their local pub.  "I'll have H2O" says the first.  "I'll have water too," says the second, "but why are you saying it like that? We're not a work anymore man."  The first scientist excuses himself and goes to the bathroom to inform the motherland his assassination attempt had failed.
A Midget walks into a brothel with a honeycomb and a jackass A Midget walks into a brothel with a honeycomb and a jackass. The Madam says to him, "What can we do for you?"   And midget says, " I need a woman to lay with, for mine has left me."   The Madam asks, "Whatever for? And what's the deal with the honeycomb and the jackass?"   To which the midget says, "My woman found a genie in a bottle, and he granted her three wishes. The first was a house fit for a queen, so he gave her this damn honeycomb."   "The second wish was that she have the nicest ass in all the lands, so he gave her this damn donkey."   The Madam asks, "And what about the third wish?"   To which the midget says, "She asked the genie to make my dick hang down past my knee."   "Well that one doesn't seem so bad, eh?" Says the Madam.   The midget responds, "Not so bad?!? I used to be 6'3.""
Two Blondes walk into a bar I figured one of them would've seen it
A blind man walks into a bar And a chair   And a table   
A gorilla walks into a bar A gorilla goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini. He then walks back over to the give it to the gorilla, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a gorilla walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.  So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the gorilla notices anything."  So he walks back over to the gorilla and hands him a dollar change. The gorilla doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.  "You know," he says to the gorilla, "we don't get too many gorillas in here."  And the gorilla says, "At nineteen dollars a drink I'm not surprised."
A grasshopper walks into a bar The barman says " we have a drink named after you." Grasshopper says "what? You have a drink named Eric?"
An Irishman walks into a bar With a steering wheel on the front of his pants. He gets up to the bar and the bartender, confused, asks him "Whats that?" The man looks down, then back up. "Oh that, yeah, drives me nuts."
A man walks into a bar in Iraq Traveling through the middle east a man walks into a bar. As soon as he sits down, he realizes the entire bar is filled with ISIS soldiers. he nervously orders a drink trying not to draw attention, The head ISIS leader comes over with a knife in his hand. "You're not from around here are you"? ask the ISIS leader. "n, no... I'm from America" the man says. "are you an American soldier?" "actually... I'm a taxidermist." Says the man. "What in the world is a taxidermist?" the leader asks him. "Well... you know.. I mount animals" the man replies. A big smile comes over the ISIS leaders face.. "He's ok fellas... he's one of us!"
Justin Trudeau walks into a Royal Bank to cash a cheque. As he approaches the cashier he says, "Good morning, Ma'am, could you please cash this cheque for me?"  Cashier: "It would be my pleasure sir. Could you please show me your ID?"  Trudeau: "Truthfully, I did not bring my ID with me as I didn't think there was any need to. I am Justin Trudeau, the leader of the Liberal Party of Canada!!!!"  Cashier: "Yes sir, I know who you are, but with all the regulations and monitoring of the banks because of impostors and forgers and requirements of the CIDC legislation, etc., I must insist on seeing ID."  Trudeau: "Just ask anyone here at the bank who I am and they will tell you. Everybody knows who I am."  Cashier: "I am sorry, Mr. Trudeau, but these are the bank rules and I must follow them."  Trudeau:" Mon dieu. I am urging you, please, to cash this cheque."  Cashier: "Look Mr. Trudeau , here is an example of what we can do. One day, Tiger Woods came into the bank without ID. To prove he was Tiger Woods he pulled out his putter and made a beautiful shot across the bank into a cup. With that shot we knew him to be Tiger Woods and cashed his cheque.  Another time, Andre Agassi came in without ID. He pulled out his tennis racket and made a fabulous shot whereas the tennis ball landed in my cup. With that shot we cashed his cheque.  So, Mr. Trudeau, what can you do to prove that it is you, and only you?"  Trudeau stands there thinking, and thinking, and finally says, "Honestly, my mind is a total blank, I have absolutely no idea what to do, I don't have a clue."  Cashier: "Will that be large or small bills, Mr. Trudeau?"  .. I couldn't find anywhere on here  where this was posted before. Sorry if it is a repost. Please note this was borrowed from a other social media site. 
A man walks into a medical clinic for his annual checkup He waits to be called up, goes through with the procedures, and waits for the results to get back. After a while of waiting, the doctor comes back into the room and says: "sir, I have some bad news." The man says: "ok doc, just give it to me straight."          "Sir, you have cancer and Alzheimer's." The man looks at the doctor and replies with: "whew! At least I don't have cancer!"
NSFW A gorgeous woman walks into a bar She orders a drink and tells the bartender she is in town for a convention and is looking blow off some steam and get wild.    Bartender studies her a moment and then says  "Tell you what, see that Jonny Depp look alike at the end of the bar moping into his jack and coke? That's a buddy of mine who just went thru an ugly breakup. F you can chat him up and make him smile, you drink free here tonight."  The woman agrees and slides over to strike up a co conversation.   When pressed about his mood, the guy says, "My girlfriend broke up with me because she said I'm too kinky."  The woman perks up and says "I'm kind of kinky myself, maybe you should come back to my hotel."  Back the hotel she tells him to wait while she slips into something more comfortable.   She comes out in a slinky teddy with a riding crop in her hand to find the guy buckling his pants and smiling.   He says "hey, thanks that was great, maybe we could do it again sometime."  The woman is shocked and confused, says "wait, I thought we were going to have kinky sex!"  And walking out the door the guy replies "we did, I just shit in your purse!"  
An elderly couple walk into a fast food restaurant... ... They order one hamburger, one order of fries and one drink.  The old man unwraps the plain hamburger and carefully cuts it in half. He places one half in front of his wife. He then carefully counts out the fries, dividing them into two piles and neatly placing one pile in front of his wife. He takes a sip of the drink, his wife takes a sip and then sets the cup down between them. As he begins to eat his few bites of hamburger, the people around them keep looking over and whispering “That poor old couple — all they can afford is one meal for the two of them.”  As the man begins to eat his fries a young man comes to the table. He politely offers to buy another meal for the old couple. The old man replies that they’re just fine — they’re just used to sharing everything.  The surrounding people noticed the little old lady hadn’t eaten a bite. She sits there watching her husband eat and occasionally taking turns sipping the drink.  Again the young man comes over and begs them to let him buy another meal for them.  This time the old woman says “No, thank you, we are used to sharing everything.”  As the old man finishes and was wipes his face neatly with the napkin, the young man again comes over to the little old lady who had yet to eat a single bite of food and asks “May I ask what is it you are waiting for?”  The old woman answers… “THE TEETH.”
A man walks into a bar. He sits down and says, "three fingers of scotch, please." So the bartender pours him his drink and sets it down in front of him.     Just as the guy reaches for it, though, a monkey leaps out of the shadows, dips its balls in the drink, and disappears just as quickly as it came.     "What the hell was that?" exclaims the man. The bartender, equally shocked, apologizes profusely and pours another drink.     However, just before the man can drink his drink, the monkey once again leaps out of nowhere, dips its balls in the drink, and scampers off.     The bartender, embarrassed and contrite, pours yet another drink, but to no avail. The ball-dipping monkey strikes again.     Finally, exasperated, the man looks over at the pianist sitting in the corner, absorbed in his music. "Excuse me," the man says, "do you know why the monkey keeps dipping its balls in my scotch?"    The pianist thinks for a minute and then says, "I don't think so... can you hum it or something?"
Descartes walks into a bar and orders a beer... "Would there be anything else?" asks the bartender.   Descartes says, "I think not", and disappears.
A skeleton walks into a bar. He says to the bartender "Give me a beer and a mop."
A spy, an adulterer, and a guy who launders money for the Russian mob walk into a bar... The bartender says "What'll it be, Mr. President?"
A man walks into a bar... ... now he is unconscious.
A couple of neo-naizs walk into a school. Oh shoot.
A Kalashnikov walks into a BAR Then they had a gun fight.
Guy walks into a coffeshop... Guy walks into a coffee shop and orders a coffee. Waiter says, "Do you want that coffee to go?" Guy says, "No I want it to wake up... but I suppose I'll piss it out eventually.
A student walks into a bar He sulks into the nearest stool. The bartender comes over and asks "What's wrong, did you fail a test?"  The Student looks up at him and says "Yeah, I want to be a lawyer, but I went straight from my BAR exam to here because I knew I failed and I feel like drinking my problems away."  The bartender felt sorry for the kid, but refused to serve him, saying "I don't serve people when I know they're bar hopping."
A giraffe walks into a bar... He asks the bartender, "Do you have any giraffe drinks?"  The bartender thinks for a second and comes back with a drink with the longest straw you've ever seen.   "Asshole!" the offended giraffe exclaims, and he walks out.   The next day, a penguin walks into the bar. He asks the bartender, "Do you have any penguin drinks?"  The bartender thinks for a second and comes back with a frozen drink filled with ice cubes served in a glass made of ice.  "Asshole!" exclaims the offended penguin, and he walks out the door.   The next day, a lion walks into the bar. He asks the bartender, "Do you have any lion drinks?"  The bartender shoots him a look. "I'm not falling for this again!" he says. "Just order a normal drink or get the hell out!"  "Pfft!" the lion says as he gets up to leave. "The giraffe and penguin warned me you were an asshole!"  
A fish walks into a bar The bartender asks, “How did you do that?”
A man walks into a bar covered in shrapnel scars The bartender asks "what happened?" "It's my wife the pressure valve! She needed to let off some steam and just BLEW UP on me!"
A priest and a rabbit walk into a bar. The bartender asks, "wait, isn't that supposed to be a rabbi?"
A narcoleptic walks into a bar and or de rrr sss
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says "Why the long face?" The horse, unable to understand the complexities of the human language promptly shits on the floor, and leaves.
I remember when I was a kid, I used to be able to walk into the gas station with 1 dollar and walk out with a handful of chocolate bars. Nowadays, they have cameras everywhere 
A young man walks into a bar  and notices two lovely young blond women sitting down. He tells the bartender:    "I'd like to buy those two ladies a drink."    But the bartender gives him a funny look and answers, "I'm not so sure that is a good idea. You see they're lesbians."    "Sorry Mr. Bartender, but I don't know what you're talking about." So the bartender responds,    "Why don't you go over there and ask them?"    So the young man walked over to the women and says, "I hear you are lesbians, what does that mean?"    One turns to the other and answers politely, "we'll we like to kiss, suck each others tits, and lick each others pussies"    Upon hearing that the young man yells to the bartender, "Hey get three drinks here for us lesbians!"     
100 zombies walk into a bar. The bartender asks, “What’ll it be?”  The nearest zombies moan, “Braaaaiins.”  “Sorry folks, if I had any of those I’d have locked the place down when I first heard of the outbreak.”
Two Nazis walk into a BAR They die
A guy walks into a bar... ... and before he can order a beer, the bowl of pretzels in front of him says "Hey, you're a handsome fellow."   The man tries to ignore the bowl of pretzels, and orders a fine Pilsner beer. The bowl of pretzels then says "Ooooh, a pilsner, great choice. You're a smart man."   Starting to freak out, the guy says to the bartender "Hey what the hell, this bowl of pretzels keeps saying nice things to me!"   Bartender says "Don't worry about it, the pretzels are complimentary."
A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers... And says “five beers, please.”
A straight man walks into a gay bar... A straight man is walking around town one night and decides he's thirsty. The only place he sees open is a gay bar. Figuring a beer is a beer, he walks in and up to the bartender.  "I'll have a beer," he says.  The bartender shakes his head. "Nah, man. House rules. You wanna order, you tell me the name of your penis."  At that moment, a leather-clad man walks up and orders too. "Dairy Queen, 'cause I'll treat you right."  He gets his drink and wanders off. A minute later a bear of a man walks up to get a drink. "Ford! 'Cause the best are built Ford-tough!"  He gets his drink and leaves. The bartender looks back to the straight man and asks "Well? You gonna tell me your name?"  "Yeah, it's Secret."  The bartender passes over a beer. "Secret?"  "Yeah. Strong enough for a man, but made for a woman."
A sexual predator, a racist and a Russian spy walk into a bar. The bartender says "What can I get you Mr. President?"﻿
An Englishman, Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar The barman says "What is this, some kind of joke?"
A guy walks into a bar with a rooster under his arm. Bartender says,"Hey! You can't bring that rooster in here. Guy says,"This ain't no rooster. This here's a fighting cock . See his spurs? Stainless steel spurs. He can lick any bird in the world." Bartender says,"$20 says he can't lick my parrot." There's a big parrot behind the bar. The guy walks to the bar and sets his fighting cock up on the bar and spots a $20 bill next to the bird. Bartender looks at that, pulls $20 from the register and lays it down. He sets the parrot on the bar, square in front of the fighting cock and steps back. Without warning, the fighting cock calmly reaches out a spur and scratches an X right on the parrot's chest. The parrot takes two steps back and says, "Step back,Boss. This sumbitch got a knife."
A sailor and a pirate walk into a bar. They sit down next to each other and get to Talking. Their chat soon turns to their sea Adventures. The sailor tells of his days fighting Wars with the navy, and the pirate tells of robbing Ships and killing his enemies.  The sailor notices That the pirate has an eye patch, a hook and a Peg leg, and asks, ‘how did you get the peg leg?’ The pirate replies, ‘when i was thrown off my Ship and floated for two days until my crew Rescued me, my leg was bitten off by a shark As i was being pulled out of the water.’  The sailor, impressed, says, ‘wow! That’s very Exciting. But what about the hook?’  The pirate smiles, shining the hook on his coat Sleeve. ‘when i was sword-fighting with an Enemy pirate for treasure, he took it right off.’  The sailor’s eyes are wide with awe at how tough This pirate is, and he asks, ‘how did you get the Eye patch?’  ‘well,’ says the pirate, shifting in his seat a bit, ‘a seagull s*** in my eye.’  The sailor looks puzzled. ‘you lost an eye from Seagull s***?’ The pirate sighs and shakes his head. ‘it was my First day with the hook.’
An elderly, married couple walks into a hospital. The doctor says to the old man, 'I'll need a urine sample, a feces sample, and a blood sample.'  The old man says, 'What?' So the doctor says it again. Once again the deaf old codger says, What?'  So the doctor yells it: 'I NEED A URINE SAMPLE A FECES SAMPLE, AND A BLOOD SAMPLE!'  With that the old man's wife turns to her doddery husband and says, 'He needs a pair of your underwear'.
Three men walk into a tattoo parlor... The first man asks for a tattoo of a four leaf clover on his dick because he loves to fuck Irish girls.  The second man asks for a tattoo of a cross on his dick because he loves to fuck Christian girls.  The third man asks to tattoo the entire GOP Tax Bill on his dick because he loves fucking poor people.
A Jamaican walks into a bar. He loses the limbo competition.
A man walks into a doctor’s office for a physical. The doctor looks him over and, wide eyed, says “Sir, you have GOT to stop masturbating.”    The man, confused, asks why.  “Because I’m trying to give you a physical.”
A guy walks into a bar on the top of a very tall building. He sits down, orders a huge beer, chugs it, walks over to the window, and jumps out. Five minutes later, the same guy walks into the bar again, orders another huge beer, chugs it, walks over to the window, and jumps out again. Five minutes later, he reappears and repeats the whole thing. About half an hour later, another guy at the bar stops the first guy and says, "hey, how the hell are you doing that?!" The first guy responds, "oh, it's really simple physics. When you chug the beer, it makes you all warm inside and since warm air rises, if you just hold your breath you become lighter than air and float down to the sidewalk." "WOW!" exclaims the second man, "I gotta try that!" So he or ders a huge beer, chugs it, goes over to the window, jumps out, and splats on the sidewalk below. The bartender looks over to the first man and says, "Superman, you're an a**hole when you're drunk."
Two guys walk into a bar... The third one ducks
Actress walks into weinsteins apartment... He says "have sex with me ill make you famous"  She says "um, i guess so"  Weinstein "have sex with me for $100?"  She says "what do i look like,a whore?"  Weinstein: "We already established that, this is negotiation"
A man walks into a bar and sees an old man sitting by himself He sits next to the man, who obviously already had a few and starts a conversation. The old man tells him: "You see that dock out there? Built it myself, hand crafted each piece, and it's the best dock in town! But do they call me "McGregor the dock builder"? No! And you see that bridge over there? I built that, took me two months, through rain, sleet and scoarching weather, but do they call me "McGregor the bridge builder"? No! And you see that pier over there, I built that, best pier in the county! But do they call me "McGregor the pier builder"? No!" The old man then leans in closer: "but you fuck one sheep..."
A German, Englishman and an Irishman walk into a bar. They all order beer but before they can drink it an ant falls into each of their mugs. The German takes out the ant and says " Zis wont stop me" and drinks it all. The Englishman pushes it aside and says "barman give me another". The Irishman pulls the ant out, holds it in front of his face and screams "SPIT IT OUT YA BASTARD"
Man walks into his bedroom with a sheep under his arm.  His wife is lying in bed reading. Man says, "This is the pig I have sex with when you've got a headache." Wife replies, "I think you'll find that is a sheep." Man replies, "I think you'll find I was talking to the sheep."
Woman walks into a bar A woman walked into a bar. She sat next to a drunken man and ordered a drink. The man looks over to the woman and asks-  "Can I smell your pussy?"  Obviously she disgusted​ly replied.  "No!? You pig!"  "Oh" said the man, "must be your feet then."  
A man walks into a bar... And stays there my entire childhood.
A pirate walks into a bar with a full sized ships wheel on his belt buckle. The bartender looks at him and says, "isn't it annoying to have that thing attached to your crotch? Why do you even have it on?"  The pirate looks at him and says, "Arr, it's driving me nuts."
A man walks into a bar ... [NSFW] And sees a horse and a jar filled with twenty dollar bills. He asked the bartender what the jar and horse was about.  The bartender said "If you can make the horse laugh you get the money, but to try you have to put a twenty in the jar".  The man said okay, put a bill in the jar, went to the horse, and whispered somethimg in its ear.  The horse starts laughing hysterically and the man walks out with the jar.  Two weeks later the man comes back and sees the horse again, but this time a kiddy pool full of money and asks if they are still trying to make the horse laugh.  The bartender said no, cause the man already did that. This time they want to make it cry.  The man said okay, throw a bill in the pool, took the horse to the parking lot, and brought the horse crying back in.  The man asked the bartender help getting the money home.  The bartender said sure, but je had to explain how he made the horse laugh and cry.  "Oh", the man said, "it was easy. First I told him my dick was bigger, to make him cry I just proved it was true".
A mushroom walks into a bar... the bartender says, "Hey, we don't serve your kind in here!" the mushroom says, "Why not!? I'm a fun-gi!"
A polar bear walks into a bar ... The bartender says "Hey we have a drink named after you"  The polar bear says "Huh, you have a drink named Ted?"
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
A guy walks into a bar and sees 3 slabs of meat hanging from the ceiling He asks the bartender what's with the meat?   The bartender says if you can jump and hit one you get free drinks for the night. If you miss, you buy the whole bar drinks for the night.   The guy says I'll pass. The steaks are too high. 
A blind guy walks into a bar. He picks up his dog and starts swinging it around over his head. The bartender yells, What the fuck are you doing? Do you need help? No says the blind man.... I'm just having a look around.
A man walks into his house with his face looking like Tom Cruise A man walks into his house with his face looking like Tom Cruise. When his three brothers asked what happened, he said, " Come with me."   The three followed their brother until they reach a waterfall.   "Say something that you want to look like and jump on the waterfall." the man explained.  The first brother shouted, "Brad Pitt!" and jumped. Alas! as he rose from the water, his face changed into similar to Brad Pitt's  The second brother shouted "Robert Downey Jr!" and jumped. As expected, his face changed similar to Robert Downey Jr.  The third brother excited as hell, decided to run and dive into the waterfall. As he was going to jump, he suddenly slipped and shouted.  "Oh Shit!"
A guy walks into an ice cream shop... "What'll you have?" Says the woman behind the counter.  "Chocolate, please."  "Oh, I'm sorry, sir." The woman replies. "It's been an extremely popular flavour of late and we're fresh out, but please look over our other flavours and let me know if you see anything you'd like."  "OK," he replies, and spends several minutes looking over the available options. At length, he approaches the woman behind the counter again.  "I've decided," he says. "I'd like some chocolate."  "Sir," she says with a sigh, "I'm really very sorry, but we don't have chocolate. We're fresh out."  The man looks surprised, but goes back to perusing flavours. After several more minutes, he again looks like he's ready to order.  "I'd like some chocolate, please."  "Sir," says the woman behind the counter in exasperation. "Let me spell it out for you: *"C-H-O-C-O-F-U-C-K-L-A-T-E..."*  "Hang on a moment!" He exclaims. "There's no 'fuck' in 'chocolate'."  "THAT'S WHAT I'VE BEEN TRYING TO TELL YOU SINCE YOU CAME IN, YOU DUMB BASTARD: THERE'S NO FUCKIN' CHOCOLATE!!!"
A blind guys walks into a bar And his head hurt afterwards
Two Japanese businessmen walk into an American bar... Two weeks later, they own it.
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar.   the bartender asks, "what can I get you?"   The patron responds, "just a fruit punch for me, I'm driving"   The bartender says, "great, but you have to get in line."   The patron stops and looks around only to reply, "I don't see a punchline..."
Three men walk into a bar Three men walk into a bar. The barman tells them, "If you can sit in my basement for a day, I'll give you free beer forever."  The first man walks out after five minutes and says, "It's impossible, you got a swarm of flies in there."  So the second man tries his luck, but can't take more than an hour.  Finally, the third man goes down. When he returns a day later, the others ask him how he did it.  He says, "Easy! I took a dump in one corner and sat in the other corner!"
A skeleton walks into a bar and says.... Give me a beer and a mop. 
Two fat ladies walk into a bar They order drinks, in a thick accent.  "You two ladies from Ireland?" asks the bartender.  Offended, one of them replies "Wales!"  "Oh I'm so sorry," says the bartender, "Are you two whales from Ireland?"
A man walks into a bar He curses, then ducks under it.
Two chinese men walk into a bar And the barmen says, "Why the same face?"
A blind man walks into a bar... and a table. and a chair. and some people.
American walks into a bar And orders a whole 0.5 liters bottle of vodka, whistles loudly to get attention on himself and chugs whole bottle in one sip.  Suddenly, one Ukrainian comes to him, orders the same vodka and drinks it in front of the American.  American smiles, orders 1 liter of whiskey and chugs it in 20 seconds and laughs into Ukrainian's face.  Ukrainian then does the same, drinking whiskey even faster.  American, getting mad, takes the whiskey bottle and hits himself in head with all his power, breaking the bottle in pieces and proceeds to mock Ukrainian.  Ukrainian wasn't bothered at all and in seconds does everything what American did.  Then American, seeing it is hard to beat Ukrainian, pulls out his 25 cm long dick, puts it on a table and breaks the silence: "This is Bill."  Ukrainian, with a wide smile, does the same. Opens the zip, pulls down his pants and puts on the table 2 dicks, both 30 cm long and speaks out with a chill voice: "This is Bill. Chernobyll."
A man walks into a bar. Being the cool motherfucker he is he slides up to the bar an orders a drink.the bartender say,'s yeo man we got a dress code here and you need a tie. so he goes back out to his car and goes through the trunk. He finds some jumper cables and that's it,fuck it he thinks and ties them around his neck.He comes back into the bar and shows the bartender the cables.Ah ah yeah is this ok or what....? The bartender has a good look and say's  ..Yeah that looks OK you can come in but DON'T START ANYTHING.
A man walks into a bar with a fidget spinner... The man asks the bartender:  Sir, is it okay for me to use my fidget spinner here?  Bartender: Sir, it's 2017, you can be gay anywhere.
A guy walks into a pub A guy walks into a pub and sees a sign hanging over the bar that reads:  CHEESEBURGER: $1.50 CHICKEN SANDWICH: $2.50 HAND JOB: $10.00  He walks up to the bar and beckons one of the three exceptionally attractive blondes serving drinks. "Can I help you?" she asks.   "I was wondering," whispers the man. "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?"   "Yes," she purrs. "I am."   The man replies, "Well, wash your hands. I want a cheeseburger."
A Roman citizen walks into a bar, holds up two fingers and says, “Five beers please!”
A C, E-Flat, and G walk into a bar.... They sit down but the bartender shows them to the door and says, “Sorry we don’t serve minors,”
An engineer, a rabbi, a priest, a pilot and a politician walk into a bar. The bartender says, “what is this, some kinda joke?”
A woman walks into a Ferrari dealership. She browses around, then spots the car of her dreams. She walks over to inspect it. As she bends to feel the leather upholstery, a small fart escapes her. Extremely embarrassed, she looks around nervously to see if anyone has noticed, and hopes a sales person doesn't pop up right now. But as she turns back, there standing next to her is a handsome young salesman. "Good day Madam, how may I help you?" Very uncomfortably, she asks, "Sir, what is the price of this fabulous vehicle?" He answers, "Madam, I'm afraid I can't say. If you farted just touching it, I’m scared you're going to shit yourself when you hear the price."
A nun walks into the Mother Superior's office And says, "We've found a case of Syphilis in the Convent!"  "Oh, good. I was getting tired of the Chablis".
A senator, a chancellor, a Sith Lord, and the First Galactic Emperor walk into a restaurant. The hostess says, “table for one?”
A roman walks into a bar... raises two fingers and says: five beers please.
Two positive people walk into a bar. They never meet.
A pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar with the steering wheel from a ship down his pants.   The bar tender takes a look at him and asks: "Isn't that uncomfortable?"  The pirate replies: "Arrrr, drives me nuts!"
A proton, a neutron and helium walk into a bar and order three beers. The bartender appears with 3 beers and asks the proton, “Are you sure you’re over 21?” The proton replies, “I’m positive.” So the bartender gives him the first beer. He gives the second beer to the neutron and says, “For you, no charge.” He throws the third beer in helium’s face ... helium doesn’t react.﻿
An ottoman walks into a bar and the bartender says “Sorry, we don’t serve ottomans in here”, and the ottoman says... “Well, you oughta, man!”
A mushroom walks into the bar. The bartender says "sorry we don't accept your kind here." The mushroom replies "but i'm a fungi."
A redneck walks into a bar Bartender: How's it going?  Redneck: Good, Going to visit my grandparents later.  Bartender: Mother's side or father's side?  Redneck: Yes
A chinese, an american and a german walk into a bar... They sit at the bar and start to drink. Shortly after the american challenges the other two to a drink off!   The one who can last the longest without going to the toilet wins.  Both accept.  The german drinks, drinks and drinks. After about 7 beer, he has to go to the toilet quiet hurriedly.  After about 5 more beer, the american has to go to the toilet.  The chinese drinks and drinks and drinks... Being already at 20 beer, the other two return and ask:  "How can you drink so much beer without going to the toilet?"  "Chinese is not dumb, wears diaper unlike you chumps!"
A five year old walks into the kitchen and asks her parents, "What's love juice?" The parents are stunned and taken back. "Where did you hear that sweetie?", says Dad.  "On TV."  The parents think, well this was bound to happen eventually so they sit the girl down and lay the whole birds and the bees talk on her.  When they finish, the little girl is looking a bit stunned and upset.  Mom asks, "What show were you watching that said  "love juice" darling?"  "The tennis."
An amnesiac walks into a hospitality He shakes the doctors hand and says,   “Doctor Doctor I think I’m an..”  “Amnesiac?” interrupts the doctor.  “However did you know?”  “You’ve been shaking my hand for the past ten minutes
A condom walks into a gay bar. Gets shitfaced.
Quasimodo walks into a bar And orders a whisky.  Barman: Bells alright? Quasimodo: Mind your own fucking business.
A pig walks into a bar, orders twenty beers, and starts chugging them all one by one. “That’s impressive,” says the bartender. “Want to know where the bathroom is?”  &amp;#x200B;  The pig replies, “No thanks, pal. I’m just going to go wee wee wee all the way home.”
An unvaccinated kid walks into a bar and says: "Wow! I didn't know there were bars in heaven!"
4 guys walk into the bathroom.. They all stood at the urinals. 3 of them peed and 1 just stood there grinning. The other three said, I thought you had to use the bathroom, in which he said, you had to use the bathroom, I just came.
A cowboy walks into a bar... A cowboy walks his horse up to a bar, dismounts, hitches it, and then he walks around the horse, lifts up the tail and sticks his finger in the horse's ass.  The bar keep notices this and soon everyone in the bar is watching through the window. He then takes the befouled finger and smears the excrement on his lips, giving them a good coat.  The cowboy walks in to the bar.  Everyone is silent as they stare at him, befuddled.  He orders a whiskey from the barkeep.  As the whiskey is being poured the patron to the cowboy's right leans forward to get a better view of his soiled lips.  The cowboy notices this and, irritated, asks the man, "What?!"  "I can't help but notice that you soiled your lips"  "My lips are chapped," replies the cowboy.  "I can't believe that horse shit would help chapped lips"  "It don't," says the cowboy, taking his shot of whiskey. "But it sure keeps me from licking 'em"
A man walks into a bar with a pork pie on his head. The barman asks, "Why are you wearing a pork pie on your head?"  The man replies, "It's a family tradition. We always wear pork pies on our heads on Tuesday."  The barman remarks, "But it's Wednesday."  Sheepishly, the man says, "Man, I must look like a real fool."
A blind guy walks into Wall Mart past the greeter. He stops and picks up his dog. He starts swinging him over his head in a big circle. The greeter runs over and screams...can I help you?? No no I'm good... I'm just having a look around.
A man walks into a bar He asks for a bottle of whisky, drinks it at once with no problem at all. Everyone is impressed, so they ask  him who he is.  "They call me WhiskyBill."  Another man comes in, takes three darts, and throws three bullseyes in a row. Cheering crowd asks about his whereabouts.  "I happen to be DartBill."  When the door opens again, there is a strange creature coming in. Presumably a human, though with 8 eyes, four arms and three legs. Terrified crowd shouts what the hell he is.  "Hey, call me ChernoBill."
EA walks into a bar... Who am I kidding? EA itself is a joke
A Man walks into a Juice bar and finds it empty A Man walks into a Juice bar and finds it empty  Then the bartender says:  ,,What did you expect? a punchline?"
An atheist, vegan, and cross fit athlete walk into a bar. We know this because they all loudly announced it within the first 30 seconds. 
A man walks into a bar He sees a horse so he goes up to the bar tender and asks him about the horse and he says if you can make the horse laugh you get the money in the jar but you have to put 500 in the jar so the guy puts the 500 in the jar and he walks over to the horse and whispers in his ear and the horse starts dying laughing and everone  in the bar is stunned because no one could make him laugh then the next week the man comes back and sees the same horse so he walks back up to the bartender and asks him about it and the bartender said if you can make him cry you get the money in the jar but you have put 1000 in the jar so the man puts the money in the jar and takes the horse to the bathroom and about 5 minutes later the horse comes out crying and the bartender asks what is your secret how did you do it? And the man said last week I told him my dick was bigger then today I proved it to him
A rabbi and a German walk into a bar but the rabbi doesn’t drink alcohol, what does he order? A water for the rabbi and juice fresh off the oven for the German.
A doctor walks into a bar... The bartender asks, " hey doc, why do you have a rectal thermometer behind your ear?"  Surprised, the doctor reaches behind his ear and grabs the thermometer.  "Huh," the doctor replies. "I guess some asshole has my pencil."
A dock worker walks into a Mercedes-Benz dealership and asks "How much is a S65 AMG?" The dealer says:  - $229,500.  - Any good lease deals?  - $2909 a month for 72 months, $14500 due at signing.  - Still too expensive. Any preowned ones?  - Prices for this generarion start at $86,095.  - Still hella expensive.   - Would you prefer a cheaper model?  - I would, but we just had a container fall on a S65.
A guy walks into a bar and sees a jar of hundred dollar bills... Guy asks the bartender, "What's the jar of hundred dollar bills for?"  Bartender says "Can't tell you until you've put in the cash."  Guy has a few beers, starts feeling ballsy, so he puts in the money.  Bartender tells him "So you can win this jar of bills, easily 10 grand, but you have to do 3 things. First, you have to down this whole bottle of tequila without changing your facial expression. Next, there's an angry pitbull outside with a bad tooth, you have to pull it out. Lastly, there's an old granny upstairs who hasn't been pleased in years. You need to give her the best time of her life."  Guy says "That'll be no problem." He grabs the bottle and starts chugging. He doesn't move even an eyelash. He's hammered at this point so he stumbles outside.  The bartender hears some barking, some whining, some whimpering, and then 5 minutes of silence.  The guy stumbles back into the bar and asks "So where's the granny with the bad tooth?"
A man walks into a bar and takes a seat Gets arrested for theft 
This guy walks into a home improvement store, he makes his way to to the hardware department, there stands this burly buff hardware specialist. The guy says "Your Nuts!!,"  and bolts. edit: hardware
A man walks into a hotel restaurant...  and when he sits down he sees a woman sitting at a  table alone.  Then, the woman sneezes, and a glass eye come hurling out of her eye socket.  The man snatches it out of mid air and hands it back to her.  "Thank you." The woman said. "God, this must be so embarrassing, let me make it up to you by buying you dinner."  They start eating and after a few minutes of silence they get talking. They soon find out they have a lot in common.  After getting the woman's number the man says, "You know, you're the most charming person I've ever met. Are you this nice to everyone?"  She replies, "No, you just happened to catch my eye."
A physicist and a mathematician walk into a room The physicist then asks the mathematician, what the e in e=mc^2 stands for. The mathematician instinctively responded with Euler's number, or around 2.71828.   The physicist ranted about how he was wrong, and to get out of this, the mathematician said he was tired.  The physicist responded with, "Fucking tired? Acording to you, we're all fucking tired."
A dyslexic man walks into a bra cadabra! he disappears
A man walks into a bar, and... ...asks the bartender for a free drink. The bartender says, "Sure, but only if you can tell me a multi-level meta joke." So the guy says, "A man walks into a bar, and asks the bartender for a free drink. The bartender says, 'Sure, but only if you can tell me a meta joke.' So the guy says, 'A man walks into a bar, and asks the bartender for a free drink. The bartender says sure, but only if you can tell me a joke. So the guy says, What do you do when you see a space man? You park, man. So the bartender gives the guy a free drink.' So the bartender gives the guy a free drink." So the bartender gives the guy a free drink.
Once Upon a Time in the West, a One-Armed Bear Walks Into a Bar As he enters, the piano stops playing, the poker players put down their cards, and the room goes silent, except for the ticking of the Grandfather clock in the corner. The bear stands in the doorway a few seconds, surveying the saloon, before walking to the bar. “Whiskey,” he growls. The bartender slides a shot glass of rotgut down the bar, which the bear snags with his good arm and gulps down. “Another,” he says. He downs the second whiskey, belches, swivels slowly on his barstool to face the room, and announces, **“Ah’m lookin’ fer the man that shot muh paw!”**
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender says, "why the long face?"   The horse stands there, staring blankly at the bartender.   Everyone starts to feel a little awkward.   The horse's handler comes in and leads it out, but not before it's knocked over a couple of glasses and soiled itself.   Needless to say, the bar is closed for the rest of the day.   Jesus walks up to the bar, but it's closed for hygiene reasons and he goes next door to a hotel.   He hands the receptionist a couple of nails and says "Can you put me up for the night?"   The receptionist takes a moment to understand, not speaking Aramaic, but is able to explain in mime that nails are *not* legal tender.   After Jesus leaves disgruntledly, a duck that has been kind of harrassing the receptionist for the last few days by asking for grapes waddles in.   The duck asks if the receptionist has any nails, and the receptionist finally snaps.   Deciding to walk out on the most ludicrous workday of his life, receptionist goes to the bar, and is infuriated to find it closed. He jimmies open a window, not caring who sees.   But his two old friends across the street, a priest and a rabbi, DO see. They decide they should do something to calm this agitated man down, and follow him into the bar.   The bartender, having spent all day cleaning up after the horse, sees the receptionist, the priest and the rabbi come into the bar, and stops scrubbing shit long enough to ask   "Is this some kind of a joke?"
A Higgs Boson walks into a Church They are aghast.  The priest says, "You!! You claim to be a god particle. Your kind are not allowed here."   HB replies, "Then how do you have mass?"
Two women walk into a bar... Two women walk into a bar, and talk about the Bechdel test.
A farmer walks into his bedroom with a chicken under his arm He says "look honey, this is the pig I fuck every day before going to sleep". His wife looks at him and says "you moron, that's not a pig."   "I wasn't talking to you," he replies
A guy walks into a bar... notices a very large jar on the counter, and sees that it's filled to the brim with $10 bills.  He guesses there must be thousands of dollars in it.  He approaches the bartender and asks, "What's up with the jar?"  "Well, you pay $10 and if you pass three tests, you get all the money..."  The man certainly isn't going to pass this up. "What are the three tests?"  "Pay first. Those are the rules," says the bartender. So the man gives him the $10 and the bartender drops it into the jar.  "O.K.," the bartender says. "Here's what you need to do:  First, you have to drink an entire gallon of pepper tequila, the whole thing, all at once and you can't make a face while doing it.  Second, there is pit bull chained up out back with a sore tooth. You have to remove the tooth with your bare hands.  Third, there's a 90 year old woman upstairs who has never reached orgasm during intercourse. You've got to make things right for her."  The man is stunned. "I know I paid my $10, but I'm not an idiot! I won't do it. You have to be nuts to drink a gallon of pepper tequila and then do those other things!"  "Your call," says the bartender, "but your money stays where it is."  As time goes on the man has a few drinks, then a few more, and he asks, "Where's zat tequila?"  He grabs the gallon with both hands and downs it with a few big slurps. Tears are streaming down both cheeks, but he doesn't make a face.  Next, he staggers out back where the pit bull is chained-up and soon the people inside the bar hear a huge, noisy scuffle going on outside.  They hear the pit bull barking, the guy screaming, the pit bull yelping and then silence.  Just when they think the man surely must be dead, he staggers back into the bar with his shirt ripped and large bloody scratches all over his body.  "NOW," he says, "Where's the old woman with the sore tooth?"
A husband walks into Victoria 's Secret to purchase a sheer negligee for his wife. He is shown several possibilities that range from $250 to $500 in price -- the more sheer, the higher the price. Naturally, he opts for the most sheer item, pays the $500, and takes it home. He presents it to his wife and asks her to go upstairs, put it on, and model it for him. Upstairs the wife thinks (she's no ...dummy ), 'I have an idea. It's so sheer that it might as well be nothing. I won't put it on, I'll do the modeling naked, return it tomorrow, and keep the $500 refund for myself.' She appears naked on the balcony and strikes a pose. The husband says, 'Good Grief! You'd think for $500, they'd at least iron it!' He never heard the shot.   Funeral on Thursday at Noon.   The coffin will be closed.  #copied  
So a man and his friend walk into a bar. The first man asks the bartender, “I’ll have some H20”. The second man then says, “I’ll have some H20 too” The second man died
A Stop sign walks into a bar... sees two other Stop signs and says "hey, want to make a three-way?"
A stripper walks into a tattoo parlor... ...And asks the guy if he’ll go tit-for-tat.
A man with authority walks into a bar. He orders everybody around.      (Must admit this is a re-post from another thread I read that made me chuckle)
A ghost walks into a bar The bartender says "sorry we dont serve spirits"
A cowboy walks into a bar...... A cowboy walks into a bar, and sits right beside a beautiful blonde.  “Hello, Missy” he says, “Can I get you a drink?”  The blonde says, “It won’t do you any good, cowboy.  You see, I’m a lesbian.  I don’t care much about guys, all I do is think about women.”  With that she finishes her drink and leaves, with the cowboy alone at the bar, staring off into space.  An older couple come in and sit at a table close to the bar.  The man looks over and says, “Hey, are you a real cowboy?”  The cowboy slowly turns and looks at the man with a look of confusion on his face.  Then he says “You know, I used to think so – but I just found out that I’m a lesbian!”
Two conspiracy theorists walk into a bar.  You can't tell me that was just a coincidence, man.
A piece of string walks into a bar and orders a drink... The bartender yells at him, "Hey string, we don't serve your kind here! Get the hell out!" Dejected, the string walks out if the bar, ties himself in a knot, tussles up his hair, and walks back in to order a drink again. The bartender sees him and says, "Hey, aren't you that string I just kicked out?" The string replies, "No, I'm a frayed knot."
A man walks into a bar And stays there for my entire childhood
A pun walks into the bar and 10 people drop dead Pun in, ten dead.
A man walks into a psychiatrist wearing Saran Wrap pants. The man says, “Doctor, I think I’m crazy” The psychiatrist says, “Well, I can clearly see your nuts”
A man walks into a bar and orders a triple scotch... The bartender pours the drink and the man downs it in one gulp. He slams the glass on the bar and says "Pour me another!"  The bartender says, "Woah, man. That's a pretty stiff drink I just gave you. Why don't you tell me what's going on?"  The man says, "Well, I came home from work today and found my wife in bed with my best friend and I'm fucking livid about it!"  The bartender says, "Wow! That sucks. Whatever did you do?"  "I told that bitch to get out of my house and that I never wanted to see her again."  "Seems fitting, given the circumstances. What about your best friend?"  "Well, I looked that little shit right in the eye and said, 'Bad dog! Go lay down!'."
Frank Sinatra walks into the bar carrying a newborn and a slab of concrete He goes up to the bar top and sits down.  Bartender: "Hey Frank what can I get for you?  Frank: "let me get a couple of whiskeys on the rocks"  Bartender: "yeah sure, but I have to ask, why do you need two?"  Frank: "oh, make it one for my baby, and one more for the road."
A man walks into a bar and orders a double scotch. After he finishes his drink, he peeks inside his shirt pocket and then asks the bartender for another double scotch. When he finishes that, he again peaks inside his shirt pocket and asks the bartender to bring yet another double scotch. The bartender says “ look buddy, I’ll pour your drinks all night long. But tell me why you keep looking inside your shirt pocket before ordering a refill.” The man replies, “ I’m peeking at a photo of my wife. When she starts looking good, I know it’s time to go home.”
A lady walks into a bar... A lady walks into a bar. A man is sitting at the bar and reaches into his bag to pay his tab and the woman notices it’s clearly overflowing with cash.   Intrigued, she asks the man where he had come across such a large sum. He holds up one finger, reaches once again into his bag, digs through the pile of cash, and pulls out a tiny man who stands one foot tall along with a tiny piano just his size. The tiny man proceeds to sit down at the piano, crack his knuckles, and play the most beautiful, harmonious tune the woman had ever heard. He finishes his song, gets up and hops right back in the bag.   Dumbfounded, the woman asks the man where in the world he had located such a talented act, to which he once again responds by holding up a single finger, and digging deep in his bag. This time he pulls out a magical lamp, and says that a genie lives inside who will grant a single wish.  The woman is overwhelmed with excitement, grabs the lamp, and rubs it vigorously until a genie emerges. She immediately shouts out, “I WISH FOR 10 MILLION BUCKS!”. The genie nods, disappears, and suddenly 10 million quacking ducks come waddling into the bar one by one.   Frustrated, the woman exclaims to the man, “I wished for a million BUCKS! What is THIS??”, and the man replies, “I believe that the genie is hard of hearing... you really think I wished for a 12-inch pianist?”
A Bear walks into a bar in Alberta and says "Give me a beer."  Bartender says "Sorry, it's against the law to serve beer to bears in bars in Alberta."  Bear says "Give me a beer or I'll eat that lady."  Bartender, "Like I said, it's illegal to serve beer to bears in bars in Alberta."  So the bear walks over to the other end of the bar and eats the woman in one bite.  Bear says to the bartender, "Now give me a beer."  Bartender, "Sorry, it's illegal to serve beers to bears in bars in Alberta especially if they're on drugs."  Bear pauses "On drugs, what do you mean on drugs?"  Bartender says "That was a barbiturate."
A reporter walks into a bar... A reporter walks into a bar in a small Louisiana town. He's been sent by his editor in the big city to get a human interest story, and so he walks up to some burly guy in overalls and offers him a drink in return for the story of the best day of his life.  "Best day? Well, that must've been the day that Old Man Jones asked me for help. You see, his pretty little wife had wandered out and gotten lost in the bayou. So we put together a search party and went looking for her. Just before sundown, we found her..."  This is great, thinks the reporter.  ".. and then we all fucked her. Best damn day of my life."  "Holy shit," yells the reporter, "that's terrible. I can't print that. Here, have another drink, and tell me about the second-best day of your life."  "Second-best, huh? That might've been the day Jim Bob's prize hog broke out of its pen and got lost in the bayou. He was mighty attached to that hog, so we put together a search party and went looking. Just before sunset we found it. Then, we all fucked it. Not as great as Mrs. Jones, but pretty damn good."  "Damn it, man, I can't possibly print that story," says the reporter despairingly. He decides on a different tack. "How about another drink, and you tell me about the worst day of your life?"  Hillbilly's face falls. "Worst day of my life? Well, that had to be the day I got lost in the bayou..."      Edit -- My first gold! It's like the 3rd best day of my life!
Quasimodo walks into a bar The bartender asks him "what do you want to drink?"  Quasimodo replies "I'll have a glass of whiskey."  The bartender says."Bell's alright?"  He says "Mind your own fucking business".
Homeless man walks into a very posh bar... ...heads straight to the manager and asks for a tooth pick,  Barman, "no problem, but tell your mates this is one off. Im not having the homeless knock about in here."  "Not a problem!" Homeless man replies. Hour later another hobo steps in, asks for a tooth pick, bar man a bit annoyed repeats what he said an hour ago. Next minute yet another ruffian sails through asking for a toth pick, the manager has had enough now.  "LOOK mate, this is the last time any of you scruffu lot are getting a toothpick from this bar, DO ONE AND TELL YOUR FUCKING MATES!!"  Twenty minutes later, the barman watches a clearly homeless man make his way to the bar, and straight away admonishes him. "Look ive told your pal, then his pal and then his pal it was the last time i gave anyone a fucking toothpick!" To wich the homeless man goes "wow calm down mate i was told never to ask for a toothpick im well aware. Anyway Im going to ask you for a straw!"  "Hang on a sec all you pals want toothpicks, what do you want a straw for?"  "Well mate, someones threw up outside and those three managed to get the lumpy bits."
A man walks into a bar... He orders three shots of whisky. “Dang,” says the bartender. “Three is a lot. Is everything ok?”  The man responds, “ I just found out that my brother is gay.”  “I’m sorry to hear that,” says the bartender, and he served the man his drinks.  The next day, the man walks into a bar and orders five shots of whiskey.  “Geez,” responds the bartender. “That’s even more than yesterday. What happened today?”  “I found out that my son is gay,” says the man.  The third day the man walks in and orders ten shots of whiskey.  “Does anyone in your family like women?!?!?” Asks the bartender.  “My wife does “
A dung beetle walks into a bar and asks “Is this stool taken?”
Three guys walk into a bra. After they did this for the fifteenth time they were asked to leave the store. 
A Russian, an American and A Ugandan man walk into a bar... The Russian boasts, “My country has invented a submarine that can go to the deepest parts of the ocean.”   The Ugandan and American say, “The deepest parts?! It would be crushed!”  To which the Russian replies “Well not the deepest, just a little higher.”   The American then says “Well that’s nothing, my country has developed a rocket that can go to the ends of space.”  The Ugandan and Russian then say “The very end?! Impossible.”  The American then replies, “Well not quite as far but close.”  The Ugandan continues the conversation and says, “Well that’s quite  interesting but in my country we eat with our noses.”  The American and Russian in complete disgust exclaim, “Your noses?!    That’s disgusting, and also impossible!”  The Ugandan chuckles and replies, “Well   not quite with our noses just a little lower.”   
A cowboy walks into a bar. A cowboy walks into a bar and asks for a drink, saying: -"If I don't get a free drink, I'll do what my dad did!". The bartender, scared, brings him the drink. After a few minutes the cowboy says the same thing: -"If I don't get a free drink, I'll do what my dad did!". This goes on for another hour and the bartender, when he hears the cowboy ask for another free drink, says: -"I ain't giving you no more free drinks. Pay up." There was a moment of silence and everyone was looking at the cowboy. -"Do you want me to do what my dad did?" -"What did he do?", the bartender asked. -"He went to another bar."
A guy walks into the bar of a restaurant.. and goes to the bartender and asks "how much for a beer?"   The bartender replies "$1".   The customer completely amazed, orders a beer then asks the bartender   "Well then how much for a NY sirloin, with side of mashed potatoes and salad, and an entire cheesecake for desert?" The Bartender reply's "$5".   The guy still amazed then orders everything and after he is done eating his meal then says "Wow, this place is amazing, I really wish I could meet the owner of this place".   The bartender then says "Oh well, he's upstairs in his office with my wife".   The guy looks all confused then asks "What is he doing upstairs in his office with your wife?"   The bartender then says "The same thing I'm doing to his business".
A meteorologist walks into a small bar. It was depressing
A man walks into a bar He sees a wonderful room, lined up with beers of many choices, beautiful women sitting at the bar, all with inviting smiles, he proceeds to drink 12 before Irene asks him if he’d like to come up to her room, suddenly, he woke up, “I must have ran into that god damn bar again.”
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says "Hey" The horse replies "Sure"
A pirate walks into a bar... Bartender looks up and sees that the pirate has a steering wheel hanging off his the end of his dick.  Bartender says "Hey, do you know that you have a steering wheel hanging off the end of your dick?"  Pirate says "Arrrr, yes... and it's drivin' me nuts!"
A priest, a philosopher, and a conspiracy theorist walk into a bar... They sit down at a table and the priest says "God created all things!"  The philosopher says "But who created god?"  And the conspiracy theorist says "I think we're all just inside a computer and we're put into this exact situation by some weirdo as a sick joke!"
"A vegan, cross-fitter and a marine walk into a bar..." "I know because they announced it as soon as they walked in"
A man walks into the bar and sees a sign: Handjob: $5 Cheese sandwich: $2   He walks over to the bartender, a big boobied blonde, and asks,  “Are you the one giving out handjobs?”   “Why yes I am!”, she replied, smiling and sticking out her chest.  “Okay,” he said. “Now wash your hands and make me a cheese sandwich!”
A man walks into a gay bar... ...and it is very crowded. As he walks through the main seating area there isn't quite enough room to squeeze past one gentleman sitting down. He addresses him, "Excuse me, sir, do you mind if I push your stool in?" 
Some steaks walk into a bar... The bartender tells them  “We don’t serve meat here”  They reply  “Good, we’re vegetarians”  “Beef is not allowed in this bar”  “Good, we got not beef with anyone here”  “I don’t see too many steaks like you guys”  “Good, we’re pretty rare”  The bartender now trying to warn them of the shady dudes in the corner of the bar tells them  “The longer you guys stay in here, the more danger you’re in”  The steaks ignored him and continued to stay and drink to their heart’s content, risking their lives.  They couldn’t understand, the steaks were too high.    
A guy walks into an empty bar with just the bartender there. He orders the drink. He's sitting there for a few seconds when he hears 'pssh hey! nice tie'.  He looks around nobody's there. Then a few seconds later he hears 'pssh hey! you look like a nice guy'. Still bartender is down there at the bar. Then again he hears 'pssh hey! we should be friends'.  So finally he asks the bartender " hey dude are you talking to me." The bartender says "no, what did you hear?". Guy says "well nice guy, that's a nice tie, we should be friends." That's when the bartender says "Oh! Those are the peanuts. They are complimentary."
Up in the great white north, a man and his best friend, a moose, walk into a bar As the night goes on, they get drunk, and eventually the moose passes out. The man pays his tab and decides that, since there is no way he can move the moose, he’ll just go home and meet up with his friend tomorrow.  As he's leaving, the barkeep yells out "Hey! You can’t leave that lyin' here."  The man shakes is head and replies "That's not a lion; it's a moose", and leaves.
A Priest walks into a doctors office A Priest walks into a doctors office with his penis all bloody and mangled in a bag.  The doctor says, "JESUS CHRIST WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED?"  The Priest says, "I don't know I was just trying to have sex with my neighbors dog".  The doctor grabs the bag in anger, takes a folder of files and bashes it and chucks it in the trash.  The Priest says, "HEY! I NEED THAT REATTACHED"  The doctor says, "Oh yeah!? Well it's in GOD'S HANDS NOW..."
A concerned man walks into a doctor’s office... “Doctor, doctor, please help me! Every time I eat, I don’t feel hungry anymore!”  The doctor is confused, amused and silent, trying to keep a straight face. He pauses for a second and then pulls out a bottle of pills from his cabinet.  “Here, take these pills; twice daily, once just after you fall asleep, and once right before waking up. That should do the trick!”
Freddie Mercury, Venus Williams and Bruno Mars Walk into a bar. But they didn't planet that way.
A guy walks into a bar with a steering wheel over his crotch. The bartender asks, "Hey, what's with the steering wheel?"  The man replies, "It's none of your business"  The bartender asks again, "Come on, tell me"  The man replies, "I told you it's none of your business"  The bartender pleads one more time, "You have to tell me whats with the steering wheel!?"  The man replies, "I said stop asking, you're driving me nuts!"
A man walks into a bar on the roof of a 4 story building after a long day at work He sits down at the bar and the barkeep asks "Hi, mate. Same as usual?"  "I've had a hard day and I think I want something different this time. Let me have a browse and get back to me?" the man responded. "no worries pal, take your time, we've got plenty." replied the barkeep.  A voice said "hey dude, if you want to try something new and fresh, look what happens  when you drink THIS!" The other man downed his drink, and walked over to the balcony and jumped.  Astoundingly, and to the surprise of the entire bar, the man flies back up slowly. With a smug look on his face, he flies back to his stool and slowly sits back down.  The man says to the barkeep excitedly "I know what I want! I want what the other man had!"  The barkeep obliged and the man downed the drink as fast as he could. He sprinted for the balcony, leapt off and fell to his death.  The barkeep turns to the other man and says "Fair play Superman, you're a right prick when you've had a few."
A hobo walks into a bar and asks the barkeeper for a plastic fork... ... the barkeeper gives him one and the man leaves. After a few minutes another hobo comes in and asks the barkeeper for a plastic fork. The barkeeper is wondering why everyone is suddenly so into plastic forks but he gives it to him. After a few minutes another hobo enters the bar and asks the barkeeper for a drinking straw.  "Two other man came in here and asked for a plastic fork and now you ask for a straw. Why?" ,asks the barkeeper.  The hobo explains: "Oh someone vomited in front of your bar and the pieces are all gone"
A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that says “make my horse laugh and win $500” So the guy has a couple drinks and asks about the sign. Bartender says the horse is in the back. So the guy goes back there and pretty soon the horse is laughing uproariously. Guy collects his $500 and leaves.   When he comes back next week, the sign has been replaced by one that says “make my horse stop laughing and win $500”. So the guy once again goes to the back and pretty soon the laughter is replaced by sobbing. The bartender says I’ll give you the $500 but you have to tell me how you did it.   So the guy explains that the first week he told the horse “my dick is bigger than yours”. The bartender asks “so what did you tell him just now?”  “Nothing, I showed him and proved it”.
A mathematician saw one man walk into a bar. He saw 3 people walk out. The mathematician determined that there must have been -1 people in the bar.
Two peanuts walk into a bar One of them was a salted
A string walks into a bar... And asks the bartender for a drink. The bartender replys, “Sorry, we don’t serve strings here” The string then leaves the bar  Another string walks into the bar and asks for a drink. The bartender now a little annoyed says, “Hey I don’t serve string here, please leave” The string leaves the bar  A third string enters the bar and asks for a drink. The bartender now very annoyed, responds “Leave immediately, I don’t serve string here!”  The three string are waiting outside the bar, when the come up with an idea. They tie themselves together, and fray their edges so they look human.  The strings, now one entity walk back into the bar and ask for a drink and the bartender says, “Hey... are you a string?” The 3 strings reply, “No, I’m a frayed knot” 
Why didn't the mallard walk into the bar? He ducked under it. 
A sweet, little old lady walks into a bar frequented by the baddest biker gang around. She walks up to the leader, a real mountain of a man, and say she wants to join. He can barely contain his laughter, and decides to have some fun with her before he tells her off.  "Do you even own a bike?" he asks.  "I do. It's parked right outside."  "Do you swear?"  "More than a fucking sailor." She says.  "Do you drink?"  "Like a fish."  The leader is surprisingly impressed, and asks one more question.  "Well, have you ever been picked up by the fuzz?"  The old lady thinks for a minute, and then says "No, but I've been swung around by the nipples before."
Bono and The Edge walk into a bar The barman says "Oh no, not U2 again."
A man with a mullet walks into a bar The bartender says "The party's in the back."
A Sperm donor, a carpenter and Julius Ceaser all walk into a Bar... He Came, he saw, he conquered!
Joke: A sexual harasser and a sexual assaulter walk into a bar... Ohhh wait sorry, that's just Clarence Thomas and Brett Kavanaugh walking into the Supreme Court. 
A sperm donor, a carpenter and Julius Caesar all walk into a bar. He came, he saw, he conquered. 
A guy walks into a bar to see a jar labelled 'BET MONEY' with a couple hundred dollars in it. A guy walks into a bar to see a jar labelled 'BET MONEY' with a couple hundred dollars in it. He asked the bartender what the bet was. The bartender pointed to two pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling and said, "The bet is that you can't jump and hit both pieces of meat before you land back on the ground. If you try and fail, you have to put in $50. If you succeed, you get the whole pot. would you like to try?" The guy thought looked at the meat, thought about it for a second, and said, "No. The steaks are too high."
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar You can't tell me that's just a coincidence.
An Atheist, a Vegan and a Vaper walks into a bar... I only know because they told everyone within two minutes -_-
A blind man walks into a gay bar. He walks up to the lesbian bartender and says "hey you wanna hear a blonde joke?". The bartender says "Let me tell you a few things since you're blind, I am a blonde bartender who keeps a shotgun under the table. The bouncer is a 6ft blonde with a 4th degree black belt in judo. The woman beside you is a blonde biker with the local gang. The owner of this bar is a blonde army veteran who did four tours in Iraq. Now do you really want to tell that joke here?". The blind man thinks for a second and says "Naaahh, not if i have to explain it four times."
A man walks into a diner, He sits in the same chair he sits in everyday, at the same table and orders from the same waitress. As he gives her his usual order, she finally asks "Aren't you tired of the same thing every single time you come here?" The man, annoyed by the question, looks her dead in the eyes and says "No body asked you, lady." She walks away flustered and calls out to the cook, "One r/jokes on table 22!"
Sixteen sodium atoms walk into a bar…followed by Batman Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na 
A man walks into the bar and sees a sign: Handjob: $5  Cheese sandwich: $2  He walks over to the bartender, a big boobied blonde, and asks, “Are you the one giving out handjobs?”  “Why yes I am!”, she replied, smiling and sticking out her chest.  “Okay,” he said, “Now wash your hands and make me a cheese sandwich!"
A dog walks into a bar and orders a Martini Bartender: That'll be 10 bucks. Dog: You take ruffs or bow-wow-wows?
A dog walks into a bar The dog says, "Gimme a beer." The bartender says, "Wow! You can talk! You should get a job at the circus!" The dog says, "They're hiring electricians at the circus?" 
A man walks into a bar, orders a beer and chips, and receives an apple "What is this?!" He says  "Take a bite" the bartender replies  He begrudgingly obliges and bites the apple  "Wow!" He exclaims "This takes just like a cold beer!"  The bartender nods and says "Turn it around"  The man does, and when he takes a bite he exclaims "This tastes exactly like chips!"  Satisfied, the man hands the bartender some money and walks out of the bar.  Another man who saw the whole thing walks up to the bartender,  "I hear you got an apple that tastes like anything!" He says  The bartender nods and the man says "In that case, give me an apple that tastes like pussy!"  The bartender hands him an apple and the man eagerly takes a bite.  However, he spits it out and roars "This tastes like shit!"  The bartender sighs and says "turn it around." 
A piece of string walks into a bar...(my favorite, wholesome joke) ...and orders a drink. The bartender says, "We don't serve your kind around here.", so the string hangs his head and leaves. The next day he tries again, getting the same treatment. Now, Mr. String is getting pretty thirsty so tries again the next day.  The bartender, getting upset, says to the string, "I told you yesterday and the day before that we don't serve string around here, now get out! ". Mr. String goes home, ties himself up, ruffles his hair a bit,  and makes one last attempt at getting that cool drink.  When he girs back and sits down at the bar, the bartender eyes him, his blood beginning to boil, walks over and says, "Aren't you the same piece of string that was in here yesterday, the day before and earlier today?", to which Mr. String replies, "Nope, I'm afraid not."
Two whales walk into a bar The first whale looks at the bartender and says "Awoooooooooooooohhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Awooooooooooooooohhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwowoowowowowowowowowahhhhhhahhhhhhhh"  The second whale looks at him as says "jerry you are fucked up"  This joke works better in person but figured I'd give it a go here
A naked Woman walks Into a Bar with A parrot On her Shoulder. The bartender Says, Hey nice Pig you Got there.  The woman Says, It's not A pig, It's a Parrot.  The bartender Say's I was Talking to The Parrot.
A gorilla walks into a bar...  A gorilla walks into a bar and asks the price for a beer.  .  The bartender, figuring the gorilla doesn't know any better, says it's $20.  .  "That seems a bit steep for a beer", the gorilla replies.  .  "Oh", replies the bartender, a bit embarrassed, "I thought that your being a gorilla and all..."  .  "But I'm a talking gorilla. What does that tell you?"  .  "That you must've spoken with other humans and learned how much a beer is supposed to cost?"  .  "That's one possibility", replied the gorilla, "can you think of another?"  .  The bartender paused, so the gorilla replied "I'm wearing a gorilla skin".  .  The bartender gasped, "you're wearing the skin of a gorilla?"  .  The gorilla shook his head. "No, I meant a gorilla costume. I'm learning this weird foreign language where 'skin' means 'costume'"  .  "What a strange people they must be", mused the bartender.  .  "Yes", confirmed the gorilla, "they live on a tiny cold wet island and they refer to it as 'great'"  .  "So, why ARE you wearing a gorilla costume?", asked the bartender.  .  "We're filming a movie nearby and some of us decided to check out local pub prices for when we take our lunch break", replied the gorilla.  .  "Pub?", asked the bartender.  .  "Sorry, 'bar'", apologized the gorilla.  .  "And since I tried to take advantage of you, I assume you will not be choosing my bar?", worried the bartender.  .  "And I could write you up on yelp!", threatened the gorilla... "but, if you give me and my mates a decent discount, I might forget about the whole thing...."  .  "Mates?", gasped the bartender. "Does that mean you all..."  .  "Friends", replied the gorilla, frustrated, "friends".  .  "Yeah, all right can do-- come by with the lads and I'll do you up some nice pints of lager for cheap", said the bartender, ending the joke with an ironic twist. 
A dog a chicken and a duck walk into a bar. The dog takes one look and turns to leave.  "Wait," says the barkeep, "Why are you leaving?"  The dog gestures to his two companions, and says,   "This place is for the birds."
A bigot, a racist and a fascist walk into a bar.... his name is Donald Trump
A man walks into a store that has a broken neon sign A man walks into a store and says,"hey, you should fix your neon sign out front, the letter E is burnt out". The storekeeper replies, "I can't replace the letter, it would ruin the joke!" "What joke?" Asks the man. "Stop me if you've heard it before," says the shopkeep, "because it's an old E, but it's a good E."
A pirate walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Why is there a steering wheel attached to your penis?"  The pirate responds, "Yargghh! It's driving me nuts!"
A guy with some cockroach-infested bread, an aptitude for puns, and a propensity for spoonerisms walks into a bar. "I have the pest buns," he says to the barman.
A blind service dog walks into a bar The blind dude walked into it too
A priest, a rabbi and a vicar walk into a bar... The barman says, ''Is this some kind of joke?''
A man walks into a bar and orders 5 shots of bourbon The bartender asks, "Why so many shots, what's the occasion?"  The man replies, "My first blowjob!"   The bartender asks the man, "Oh? How was it?"  The man says "It was alright but I can't get the taste out of my mouth."
A boy walks into kindergarten on the first day of school The teacher asks, "Hey, what's your name?"  The little boy says he doesn't know, so the teacher tells him to go home and ask his family what his name is. The boy decides to ask his mom, dad, and brother what his name is.  The boy's mom was on the phone when he asked, " Hey mom, what's my name?"  She answered, "Shhhh!"  The boy then asks his brother who was watching Spider-Man, "Hey, what's my name?"  "Spider-Man!", his brother shouted.  The little boy's dad was watching football in the living room when the boy asked, "Hey dad, what's my name?  "49, hit 'em hard!", the boy's dad yelled.  The next day, the boy went to school where the teacher asked, "So, what's your name?"  The boy answered, "Shhhh!"  His teacher said, "Who do you think you are?"  "Spider-Man!", answered the boy  So after the boys parents were called into the school to discuss their son's disrespect with the principal, the boy's father said, "So how many spankings do you need?"  &amp;#x200B;  "49 hit 'em hard!"
A half-Japanese , an Englishman , an Egyptian , and a French guy walk into a bar and order 4 iced teas It was very bizarre
A blind man walks into a fish market. "Hello ladies!"
A lawyer walks into a bar And passes it.
A Higgs Boson walks into a church. The priest says, "We don't allow Higgs Bosons in here."  The Higgs Boson replies, "But without me, how would you have mass?"
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one orders a beer. The second one orders half a beer. The third, a quarter of a beer.  The barman says "You're all idiots" and pours two beers.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Why the long face?"
A robber walks into a bank. He proceeds to take all the money and on his way out, stops and turns to a customer lying in the floor.  "Did you see me rob this bank?" asks the robber.  "Yes, sir." Replies the man, to which the robber shoots him.  The robber turns to another man and asks again, "Did you see me rob this bank?"  "No, I didn't, but my wife here saw everything!"
A pun walks into a room killing 10 people A pun in, 10 dead
A Belgian supporter walks into a bar in France. "Ouch" he says, while rubbing his forehead.   He then proceeds to walk to the nearest pub for a refreshment where he calls over the barman and orders a regular coke with ice.  The barman looks up and replies: "I'm sorry sir, we've run out of regular coke, but if you'd like I have one zero for you".
Helen Keller walks into a bar... Then a table, then a chair.
Two men walk into a bar... The third one ducks.
[NSFW] [Long] A man walks into a bar and... The bartender asks his posion.  "I'd like a rum and coke." So the bartender pulls out an apple. "Excuse me, this is an apple." says the man. "Just trust me," replies the bartender. The man picks the apple up, and taking a bite, exclaims "This tastes just like rum!" "Turn it around," instructed the bartender. The man flipped the apple around, and taking another bite, exclaims "This tastes just like coke!"  Another man walks into the bar and sits down, asking for a gin and tonic. The bartender pulls out and apple, and the man looks at him in disgust. "That's an apple. I asked for a gin and tonic!" The first man stops and says "Trust him." Sure enough, the man bites in to the apple, "This tastes like Gin!". The previous man then says, "Turn it around." "This tastes like tonic!" cries the second man.  As both men are enjoying their apples, a third man walks into the bar. As he sits down, he looks rather confused as to the other two men eating apples. "I thought this was a bar," he says. The men look at him and one says "It is. Trust us, this man has an apple for anything you can think of. Name a flavor!"  The third man looks to the bartender and says "Alright, I want one that tastes like pussy!" The bartender, sure enough, pulls out an apple and places it on the bar. The man picks the apple up and just stares are it. "Bite in!" cry the other two men, and after a fe moments of hesitation, he does. He immediately spits the apple out, and in anger cries out, "This tastes like shit!!" The bartender looks at him and says,  "Turn it around."
Guy walks into a bar with an octopus... and offers anyone in the bar if they have a musical instrument his octopus can’t play he’ll pay them $100. A man immediately hops up with a harmonica, confident he had won the money. But the octopus shows expert skill with the harmonica, receiving a round of applause from the other patrons. Another man hesitantly proceeds with a banjo, laying it on a stool next to the octopus. The octopus eyed the man unwaveringly and reached for the instrument with a single tentacle and pulled it into a familiar position. The man already knew he was beaten before a note was played, not that it stopped the octopus from chopping down a bluegrass solo that elicited another round of applause from a now growing crowd. Then a third man placed a set of bagpipes at the foot of the octopus who had become silent and seemed to apprehend this instrument with a quiet awe. He inspected it closely, then pulled it to one side, then lifted it above and examined it from underneath. His partner now becoming worried leaned in, “Hurry up and play it! There’s a line of people with instruments out here we’re gonna be rich!” But the octopus remained diligently observing the bagpipes. “Play it? If I can figure out how to get these pajamas off I’m gonna fuck it!”
A time traveler walks into a bar. "What did you have?" asks the bartender.
Three buttholes walk into a bar They sit on bar-stools while their ladies enjoy a beer.  The first one says “I’m so loose that I can hold in a fist easily”  The second one giggles and says “I’m so loose I can hold in two fists, no problem”  The third one laughs.... and the bar-stool disappears
Two guys walk into a bar. That was dumb, the second guy should have seen it.  (Brought to you by: an old year book I dug out the other day)
A QA Engineer walks into a bar... Orders a beer. Orders 0 beers. Orders 9999999999 beers. Orders a lizard. Orders -1 beers. Orders a sjfkalrtbwc.
A mushroom walks into a bar... “Sorry, this bar is for people only,” says the bartender.    “Oh, come on,” says the mushroom. “I’m a fun guy!”
Two scientists walk into a bar.  "I'll have H2O," says the 1st. "I'll have H2O, too," says the 2nd. Bartender gives them water because he is able to distinguish the boundary tones that dictate the grammatical function of homonyms in coda position, as well as pragmatic context.
2 scientists walk into a restaurant. One scientist says “I want H2O.” The other scientist says “I want H2O too” Both scientists got water, because the waiter was saving the bleach for himself to drink later
2 Chemists walk into a bar The first one says "i'll have some h20." The second one says "i'll have h20, too." The second chemist dies.
A vegan, a bitcoin trader, and someone who didn't vote in 2016 election all walk into a bar Who tells you about it first?
A homophobic man walks into a gay bar He gets a concussion. Turns out gay steel is just as hard as straight steel.
A man walks into a bar He sat down next to a grumpy looking guy.  He asks:“What’s the deal? What happend?”  The guy replies:” It has been a rough time for me, you know. My wife left me and took the house, the car, all my money and the kids, so i just lost my job and my friends don’t support me.”  The first man says:” Thats horrible, there is no way it could get worse, is there?”  He answers:”There is, she came back”  Edit: some spelling mistakes
Chuck Norris walks into a bar... He immediately unleashes a vicious roundhouse kick, decapitating a rabbi, a priest, and a Buddhist in one blow. At the next table, he beard-punches a blonde, a brunette and a redhead, killing all three. Three bouncers, an Englishman, an Irishman, and a Pollack, were dismembered in seconds.  Chuck Norris' has only 1 weakness: He can't tell a joke.
A cowboy walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman… He gives her a quick glance then causally looks at his watch for a moment.  The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?"  "No", he replies, "I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it."  The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What's so special about it?"  The cowboy explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically."  The lady says, "What's it telling you now?"  "Well, it says you're not wearing any panties."  The woman giggles and replies, "Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties!"  The cowboy smiles, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing's an hour fast."
Aaron Rogers, Eli Manning and dak Prescott walk into a bar To watch the playoffs 
A machine learning algorithm walks into a bar. The bartender says, "What will you have?"  The algorithm says, "what's everyone else having?"
A black guy walks into a bar with a crocodile under his arm. A black guy walks into a bar with a crocodile under his arm.  The barman eyes them cautiously and seeing this, the black guy asks, "Um, you **do** serve black people in this bar, right?"  The barman nods and says "Of course we serve black people, now what do you want?"  "Great! In that case, I'll have a beer and a couple of black people for the crocodile please."  "Wait, what?!" the barman responds, "That's not... no..." His voice trails off. "We don't serve black people in *that* way."  "What a shame" the black guy says, glancing at his crocodile, which looks dejected. "What could you offer him then?"  The barman looks around to see if anyone else is in earshot, then leans in closer, lowering his voice, "I tell you what, I wouldn't normally do this but it just so happens that I have a couple of pygmies in the kitchen right now. Your croc could have one of those, I suppose."  The black guy considers this for a moment, then says "Nah, if I get him started on shorts this early in the evening, I'll never get him home."
panda walks into a bar. He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves. The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house. "You owe me money," she says. "For what?" The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute." The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money." The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda. Look it up." She is about to protest when the panda hands her the dictionary. The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary, and it reads, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves.
A monk walks into a bar... Nah just kidding....  A man goes to join an order of monks.  The head Monk says to the man "This is a silent order. You will only be allowed to speak once, every 15 years."  The man says "Ok" and so begins his time with the silent order.  15 years pass and the man is sitting in the refectory when the head monk approaches and says to the man "It has been fifteen years. What would you like to say brother?".  The man responds, "The porridge could do with a little more sugar." The head monk nods in acknowledgement and walks away.  Another 15 years pass and the head monk finds the man in the dormitory and says "Brother, it has been another 15 years. What is it that you wish to say?".  "The bed sheets are a bit thin." Replies the man. Again the head monk nods in acknowledgement.  Yet another 15 years pass and the head monk sees the man and asks "15 years have passed. Have you anything to say?".  "Well actually I've been thinking about it and I'm leaving the order. It's not really for me." says the man.  "Yes, yes" sighs the head monk "I think that's for the best. You've done nothing but fucking complain since you got here." 
An extremely obese man walks into a bar built on quicksand ... "Wow," the bartender exclaims, "you've really lowered the bar."
A logician walks into a kebab shop Kebab man asks "Chicken, beef or mixed?"  Logician: "Yes"
Two military men walk into a bathroom... One from the Army. One from the Marines. They both go pee, and finish around the same time.  But only the Marine goes to the sink to wash his hands. Just before the Army guy left, the Marine stopped him and said: "Hey, aren't you going to wash your hands? In the Marines, we were taught to wash our hands after pissing."  The Army guy laughed, "Well, in the Army, we were taught not to piss on ours." Then, he left.  (a favorite joke from my Uncle (Army - MSG).  Had to share. RIP)  *This is a joke, and in no way reflects my opinion of any branch of the US military...I love and appreciate all of you*
Harambe walks into a bar. Bartender: What will you be having to drink?  Harambe: I'll have just ice.  Bartender: Just ice?  Me: Yes, justice for Harambe.
A man walks into a bar And sits down and announces to the bartender that he can tell the age of any scotch just by drinking it. The bartender thinks this guy is full of shit so he goes and gets the cheap 12 year stuff and pours a glass. The guy takes it, sniffs it, and takes a drink. He then proclaims, "well that's a 12 year old glass of scotch".  The bartender think it's just a lucky guess so he goes and gets a 20 year old bottle and pours the guy a drink. The guy takes it, sniffs it, and takes a drink. He then says, "oh well that's a 20 year old glass of scotch".  So now the bartender is kinda impressed so he goes into the back cabinet and gets a nice 45 year old bottle that he keeps for special occasions. He pours the guy a drink and then hands it to him. The man takes it, sniffs it, and drinks it. He proclaims, "well that's a 45 year old bottle of scotch!".   The bartender is now amazed and a small crowd is beginning to form. The bartender goes in the back room and takes out the 75 year old bottle of scotch. He pours the glass in the backroom so there's no chance this man can see the label. He hands the guy the drink and once again: he takes it, sniffs it, and drinks it. The man then correctly proclaims, "that's a 75 year old bottle of scotch!".   Now the bar is in a slight uproar and the man has a big grin on his face. A man from the crowd goes, "Hear try this one!". The man takes it and drinks it right away and exclaims, "ugh this tastes like piss!". The man from the crowd responds, "Good! Now how old am I?"
A neutron walks into a bar A neutron walks into a bar ,”I”d like a beer he says".  The barman serves up the beer.  “How much will that be?” Asked the neutron.   “For you ?” Replied the barman, ”No charge.
A homeless guy walks into a restaurant A homeless guy walks into a restaurant, the waiter walked up to him asking if he needed anything. The homeless guy asked for only a toothpick, the waiter was confused, but he obliged and handed him a toothpick.  Only moments after the first homeless guy left, another one walked in, again, the waiter offered to help him, but he only asked for a toothpick. The waiter is starting to get curious, but he still didn't question anything and gave him the toothpick.   After several homeless guys came asking for toothpicks, another one came into the restaurant, this time the waiter had a toothpick waiting for him, but to his surprise, he asked for a straw. The waiter was curious to what was going on, so he asked him why this was happening. Then the homeless guy said: "someone vomited over there, all the big chunks were taken by the others, all that's left are the watery stuff"
A bear walks into a bar in Butte Montana... Walks up to the bar, the following conversation takes place.  Bear: I would like a beer.  Bartender: I'm sorry we don't serve beers to bears.  Bear: Common man just one beer.  Bartender: No, we don't serve beers to bears in Butte Montana.  Bear: If you don't serve a beer to me I'm going to get angry.  Bartender: I already told you we don't serve beers to bears in Butte Montana!  The bear gets up and devours a woman that sitting down at the end of the bar.  Bear: Now give me a beer right now!  Bartender: I'm sorry we don't serve beers to Bears on drugs.  Bear: What the hell are you talking about?  Bartender: That bar bitch you ate! 
A man walks into a bar and says "$100 to someone who can come up with an original joke that makes me laugh" All but one sit silently while one man nervously walks out the door. They go on with their drinking. After some time has past, the nervous man walks back in and takes him up on his $100 offer. He tells a joke that gets 500+ laughs and after everyone settles down, the man who laid down the bet asks:  "But why did you walk out of the bar nervously?"  And OP answers, "I had to search r/jokes for a joke that would still get me upvotes no matter how many times it's reposted"
A genius walks into a bar with no money. A genius walks into a bar and asks the bartender, "If I show you a really good trick, will you give me a free drink?" The bartender considers it, then agrees. The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a tiny rat. He reaches into his other pocket and pulls out a tiny piano. The rat stretches, cracks his knuckles, and proceeds to play the blues.   After the man finished his drink, he asked the bartender, "If I show you an even better trick, will you give me free drinks for the rest of the evening?" The bartender agrees, thinking that no trick could possibly be better than the first. The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a tiny rat. He reaches into his other pocket and pulls out a tiny piano. The rat stretches, cracks his knuckles, and proceeds to play the blues. The man reaches into another pocket and pulls out a small bullfrog, who begins to sing along with the rat's music.   While the man is enjoying his beverages, a stranger confronts him and offers him $100,000.00 for the bullfrog. "Sorry," the man replies, "he's not for sale." The stranger increases the offer to $250,000.00 cash up front. "No," he insists, "he's not for sale." The stranger again increases the offer, this time to $500,000.00 cash. The man finally agrees, and turns the frog over to the stranger in exchange for the money.   "Are you insane?" the bartender demanded. "That frog could have been worth millions to you, and you let him go for a mere $500,000!" "Don't worry about it." the man answered. "The frog was really nothing special. You see, the rat's a ventriloquist."
An SEO expert walks into a bar BARS, TAVERN, TAVERNS, LOUNGE, NIGHT CLUB, MINI BAR, PUB, BEER, GARDEN BEER, WINE, WHISKEY, COCKTAILS
A walks into a hardware store to get some nails He asks the clerk for some nails and the clerk says "ok sure, how long do you want them?" and the customer says "well I'd like to keep them." : )
A guy walks into a bar with a frog on his head The bartender says, "Hey, buddy!  What's the deal?" And the frog says, "Well, it started as a wart on my backside but then kept growing." 
The Past, Present, and Future walk into a bar God damn it, are we really watching Primer again?
Three vampires walk into a bar, and begin scanning the menu "Hmm, the glass of blood looks good" says the first.  "A bloody mary" says the second.  "Ill just take a hot water" says the third, to the astonishment of the others.  "Wtf" they say collectively.  Taking out a used tampon, he utters "just making some tea".
A duck walks into a store A duck walks into a store, picks up a tube of Chapstick and places it on the counter. The clerk asks him, "Will that be cash or credit?" The duck replies, "Just put it on my bill."
A piece of string walks into a bar... The bartender says “we don’t serve your kind here”  The piece of string leaves the bar, twists himself up, parts his hair, and then comes back into the bar  The bartender says “aren’t you the same piece of string from a moment ago?”  The piece of string says “I’m a frayed knot”        
A man walks into a bar The next two duck
Dopehead walks into a bar... ...and realizes it's a wrong joint.
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender says, "Why the long face?"  The horse responds, "My alcoholism is killing my family."
A man walks into a library and checks out a book on suicide. He walks out and the librarian then turns to her work associate and says, “He’s not bringing that book back.”
A rabbi, an irishman, a travelling salesman, and a cowboy walk into a bar. The bartender asks them "what is this, some kind of joke?"
Russell Crowe &amp; Sheryl Crow walk into a bar... Russell Crowe &amp; Sheryl Crow walk into a bar. The bartender calls 911, "I need to report an attempted murder!"
A man walks into a bar and he sees this small man playing the piano. The man, astounded, asks the bartender why there is a small man playing the piano in the bar. The bartender pulls out a dusty old lamp and says that there is a genie in there and that he would grant one wish to anyone who frees him. So the man walks outside the bar with the lamp, rubs it and sure enough a genie comes out. "Thank you for freeing me. For this, you can have one wish." So the man thinks for a bit and shouts, "I want a million ducks!" and as soon as he said it, a huge elk fell on his head. Soon, the bar becomes full of deers. The man, bleeding heavily asks the genie "What the hell was that?" The genie replies "Well, I stumbled across this website called Reddit and saw that a joke about me was constantly being reposted. Then, another version of it was reposted where you would receive the million dollars instead of a million ducks. After finding out about these atrocious acts, I formed a plan to get rid of all you filthy reposters. I would hear you ask for a million bucks when in reality you said ducks. Then, instead of giving you a million dollars, I would drop a million male deers down. Don't fuck with me."
The Washington Capitals walk into a bar. Everybody orders a drink. They all finish drinking and order another. The Bartender asks if they would like to start a tab. Ovechkin comes out and says, "No, thanks. We always stop at the second round."
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender says, "why the long face? Are you depressed?"   The horse, being used to this shitty joke shrugs it off and says "No, I don't think" when suddenly, poof! He disappears without a trace  I would have explained the philosophy behind this at the beginning but I didn't want to put Descartes before the horse.
Joe walks into a bar ... One afternoon Joe walked into a bar he had never been in before.  The bartender asked him "What will it be?". Joe said "Long Island, please."  While Joe was waiting for his drink he spotted a giant glass jar full of money on display behind the bar.  When the bartender brought him his drink Joe asked "What's up with that big jar of money?".   The bartender explained ... "We have a game we play here.  It costs $50 to play.  First, you have to go down to the end of the bar where those bikers are drinking and knock one of them out.  Then you have to go to the other end of the bar and pick one of those old, worn out, prostitutes and bring her to full orgasm.  Then you have to go in the back and pull my pet aligators bad tooth.  If you can do all three challenges, you get the entire jar of money.  Do you want to try?".   Joe chuckled  and said "No, I'm good".   Joe ordered drink after drink and got quite drunk.  The whole time staring at that big jar of money.  Finally, after 8 or 9 drinks, Joe reached in his wallet, pulled out $50, slammed it on the bar and proclaimed "I'll do it!".  Joe went to the end of the bar where the bikers were and punched the biggest guy right in the face . The biker fell on the floor like a bag of wet cement.  Out cold.  Then Joe went into the back room where the aligator was ... and all anyone could hear was screaming and thrashing.  After about 10 minutes Joe came out, covered in blood, and said "Okay ... where's the hooker with the bad tooth?".  
A blind man walks into a bar... Then a table, Then a chair.
A man walks into a bar and sees a sign up behind the liquor display that says- "Cheeseburger - $2 Chicken Sandwich - $3 Hand job - $10"  The man immediately looks around, and sees a smoking hot blonde bartender serving some drinks to a group of guys across the way. As she returns behind the bar the man leans over and quietly asks " Um excuse me, are you the one who gives the hand jobs?"  "Yes, yes I am" she said   The man quickly points to the kitchen and says "Go wash your hands I want a cheeseburger"
A duck walks into a store A duck walks into a store and asks the clerk "Got any grapes?" The clerk replies "No." The duck leaves. The next day the duck returns and asks the clerk "Got any grapes?" Again the clerk replies "No." The next day the duck is at it again asking "Got any grapes?" The clerk starting to get irritated replies curtly "No. Now get outta here and don't come back" The duck leaves. The next day the duck returns and again asks "Got any grapes?" "I told you NO!" The clerk replies, "And if you come in here and ask me again I'm going to staple your foot to the floor" As expected, the next day the duck returns. The clerk see's him enter the store and immediately starts yelling at the duck, "I TOLD YOU I DON'T HAVE ANY GRAPES!" The duck calmly calmly asks "Got any staples?" The flustered and angry clerk yells "NO!" To which the duck says "Good. Got any grapes?" 
A panda walks into a bar grabs something to Eat and pulls out a gun the panda shoots the place up and leaves. the next day the panda comes back to the same bar and the bartender is furious. "You cant be here!" The panda replies "look me up in the dictionary" The bartender pulls opens up a dictionary and looked at panda *eats Shoots and leaves.*
A guy walks into a bar and orders a White Ovechkin The bartender proceeds to pour kalua, vodka, and milk on the bar and tosses ice on top of it all.  The guy asked what the hell he was doing and the bartender looks up and replies, "No cup!"
A man walks into a bar In the corner, sits a man with a big, orange head. The first man walks up to the bartender and says "what's that guy's story?"  The bartender shrugs and replies "If you buy him a drink I'm sure he'll tell you..."   So the man buys a beer, brings it to the man with the big orange head, and slides it across the table.  "Let me guess" says the orange headed man, "you wanna know about the head?"   The first man sits down, anxiously nodding his head. "As long as you don't mind telling me"   The orange headed man takes a deep drink from the glass and begins.   "It happened about 3 weeks ago, I walked into the bar and there was a glowing blue genie standing right next to the pool table. Beside him were two men. the genie says 'I will grant you one wish each'   The first man hurriedly asks for a beautiful wife that will never fall out of love with him.   The genie nods his head.   "It is done" he proclaims.  And in a flash the most stunning girl you could imagine appears and begins to kiss the man passionately.   The second man is stunned and quickly asks for a bank account with infinite funds.   The genie nods his head.   "It is done" he claims loudly.   The second man checks his phone and sure enough there's so much money in his account it's glitched out the account details."  "Wait, wait, wait" says the original man, "I don't get it, if they got their wishes, what did you ask for?"  The man with the orange head takes another sip of his beer and replies   "You may not believe it, but I wished for a big orange head."
A teetotaler walks into a bar... Bartender: See, if you'd been drunk, it wouldn't have hurt as much.
An ion walks into a bar. He goes up to the bartender and says, "I seem to have lost an electron last time I was here, do you mind if I look for it?"  The bartender replies, "Go ahead, but I just cleaned up and I haven't seen anything like that around here. Are you sure this is where you lost it?"  The ion says, "Yes, I'm positive."
An Irishman, an Englishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar... The bartender says: "This is getting old now."
A dyslexic man walks into a bra. "When did this clothing line get here?"
A pole walks into a bar and everyone yells his name. Hi Re they call out in unison.The bartender, who's new to the bar asks the 12 inch Italian pianist playing his piano on the bar, Who's that guy? Oh a that is a easy to answer He states, Hes a always inna here, He is a Repost.
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office and says... "Doc, you gotta help me. My brother's crazy, he thinks he's a chicken!"  The doctor replies, "Well, why don't you turn him in?"  The guy goes, "You know, I would, but I need the eggs."
A man walks into a bar.. He orders 3 double wiskeys on the rocks. Tbe bartender pours the drinks and the man pays after finishing them. The next month the man walks in orders 3 double wiskeys on the rocks and again the bar tender pours them and the man pays after finishing. This continues a few months and the barman asks: "you seem to always order three of the same drinks at the same time and always on the same day of each month, why such a strange habbit?" the man replies: "Me and two of me friend got seperated after we all emigrated and we decided to keep drinking our wiskeys together as we always done, so we all go at the same day and order the three drinks and drink for each other". The man continues his monthy visit a few more times until one day he orders only 2 double wiskeys on the rocks... The barman asks "is everything okay?" the man then replies "yes, we are still drinking together where we are, but ive decided to stop drinking"
A man walks into a bar in a celebratory mood and He orders a drink and shouts "and a drink on me for everyone here including the barman", he repeats this and everyone is getting quite drunk when the barman asks for him to pay and the man said he has no money today. The barman beats him up and throws him out. A few months later the same man walks in orders a drink and shouts "and a drink for everyone,  including the barman" again when the tab came the man claimed to have no money and the barman beat him up anx threw him out. A week later the same man walks in, the barman getting his baseball bat ready watches as the man orders a drink, then shouts "and a drink for everyone except the barman" then slaps down a thick wad of cash... The barman asks "what about my drink?" to which the man replied "you get too aggressive when you're drunk"
An American dude walks into a bar We are following this developing tragedy 
A guy walks into a bar and says to the barman, "Give me six double vodkas."  The barman says, "Wow, you must have had one hell of a day."  "Yeah, I just found out my oldest son is gay."  The next day, the same guy comes into the bar and asks for six more double vodkas. When the bartender asks what's wrong, the man says, "I just found out that my youngest son is gay, too!"  On the third day, the guy comes into the bar and orders another six double vodkas. The bartender says, "Jesus! Doesn't anybody in your family like women?"  The man downs the first drink and shakes his head, "Yeah, my wife!"
A guy walks into a bar... He strolls up to the bartender and says “I’ll take.......a pint of Guinness........and a bowl.....of popcorn.”  The bartender pours his beer and sets some popcorn in front of him.  The gentlemen reaches for his beer, revealing that he is wearing two EXTREMELY large fake bear hands.  Curiosity getting the better of him, the bartender asks the guy, “Why the big paws?”  The guy looks at the bartender stunned.  “I have......a speech impediment......asshole.”
A monocle walks into a bar. After a few drinks he starts to feel pretty good (and a little uncoordinated). He reaches for a cigarette, but the bartender stops him. "Sorry, buddy, but due to city ordinances we don't allow smoking in here. You'll have to step outside to smoke."  So the monocle hops off the bar stool and grabs his cigarettes to head outside. Meanwhile a second monocle emerges from the bathroom. They bump into each other as they cross paths and fall to the floor, hopelessly entangled. They try to get free but the more they struggle, the more tangled they become.  The bartender looks down on this travesty and shakes his head. "Hey you two!" he shouts. "Stop making spectacles of yourselves!"
A guy walks into a bar and asks “ What’s the WiFi password?” Bartender: You need to buy a drink first.  Guy: Okay, I'll have a coke.  Bartender: Is Pepsi okay?  Guy: Sure. How much is that?  Bartender: £3  Guy: There you go. So what's the wifi password?  Bartender: You need to buy a drink first. No spaces, all lowercase.
A grasshopper walks into a bar the bartender says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!" The grasshopper looks surprised and asks, "You have a drink named Jeff? 
Rene Descartes walks into a bar and orders a drink. When he finishes his drink, the bartender asks him if he would like another. Descartes replies, “No, I think not,” and disappears in a puff of logic.
A Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a pub. The Scotsman says "round of drinks for everyone on me."   The next day's newspaper headline read: "Irish ventriloquist found beaten to death behind pub."  
Three buzzfeed writers walk into a bar You won't believe what happens next!
WALKS INTO A BAR... BASEMENT CHALLENGE Three men walk into a bar. The barman tells them, "If you can sit in my basement for a day, I'll give you free beer forever."  The first man walks out after five minutes and says, "It's impossible, you got a swarm of flies in there."  So the second man tries his luck, but can't take more than an hour.  Finally, the third man goes down. When he returns a day later, the others ask him how he did it.  He says, "Easy! I took a dump in one corner and sat in the other corner!"
A German man walks into a bar... mitzvah and arrests every body.
Bill Cosby, Anthony Weiner and Harvey Weinstein walk into a bar Harvey says, "Hey Bill, buy me a drink!" Bill shouts back, "I don't know what role you're trying to offer me, but let's not involve Weiner..."
A man and a horse walk into a bar ... They sit down and order some drinks. Then, the man asks the horse: "Hey, why the long face?"
A dude walks into bar... ...and sees a sign that say: "Make the donkey laugh and you'll get free service for the rest of the night" The man takes the donkey into the bathroom, and a little while later the donkey bursts out laughing his ass off. The man got free drinks the rest of the night. He come back a week later and sees a sign saying: "If you make the donkey cry, you'll get free service for the rest of the night" The man takes the donkey into the bathroom, and a little while later, the donkey comes out bawling like a baby.  The bartender asks in amazement,"how'd you make the donkey laugh and cry?!" The man replies with,"well, first I told him I had a giant dick, and the then I showed it to him!"
A man walks into a bar and starts talking to the guys there. He and the guys have a great conversation, and they are all very interested in what everyone has to say. Eventually one of the guys asks, "Do any of you guys have any cool tricks to show us?"  The man who just walked in says, "Actually, yes I do have a trick!" He pulls a very small man out of his pocket, as well as an even smaller grand piano. The man is only about a foot tall, and the piano about six inches tall. Immediately, the little man begins playing the piano brilliantly, and the entire bar falls silent and listens to the little man play. He plays for ten minutes, and by the end everyone is on their feet clapping and cheering for him.  One of the guys asks the original guy where he found the little man and the piano. He responds, "Oh there's a genie in the men's bathroom here, and he gave them to me. If you go back there and wish for something, just make sure to speak clearly since the genie is a little hard of hearing."  So the man goes into the bathroom, and sure enough the genie is sitting right in front of him. The genie says, "What is your wish?" And the man responds, "I wish for a million bucks!" The genie says, "Can you repeat that?" So the man says again, a little louder this time, "*I wish for a million bucks!*" Finally the genie says, "Your wish is my command."  The man walks home later that night and finds a million ducks sitting in his living room. The ducks fill the entire room and are spilling into adjacent rooms. The man is understandably pissed at this, since the ducks are taking up so much space and are making so much noise.   The next day, he goes back to the bar and tells the original man, "Last night I go home and what do I see? A million ducks sitting in my house! Are you fucking kidding me?" The original man says, "Of course not. Do you think I asked the genie for a twelve inch pianist?"
Two Polish Guys Walk into a Bar NSFW They sit down at the bar and order their drinks. They're the only two customers in the bar and the bartender starts making conversation with them out of boredom. Bartender says, "hey do you two guys want to hear a funny joke?" Both say yes, so bartender asks, "What has 4 legs, 4 arms, 2 heads and smells like shit?" Neither Polish guy knows the answer, so the bartender tells them, "You and your friend!" Everyone has a good laugh and the two guys order another round of beers. As the bartender is pouring the draught, he realizes the keg is nearly empty. He tells the two guys that he needs to run to the basement to change the keg and he'll be back in a few minutes. The bartender then goes downstairs.  While the bartender is away, two black guys walk in and take a seat next to the Polish guys. The Polish guy seated closest to the new customers leans over and tells the gentlemen that the bartender is changing the keg and he'll be back up soon. The Polish guy then asks, "Hey! Do you guys like a good joke?" Both guys say yes.   Polish guy says, "Ok! What has 4 legs, 4 arms, 2 heads and smells like shit?" Both black guys shake their heads in puzzlement. Polish guy says, "Me and my friend!"
A talking grasshopper walks into a bar Bartender: we have a drink named after you  Grasshopper: what? You have a drink named Gary?
[OC] A bar walks into a man And thats how he discovered he was gay
A kid with cancer and a child with anti-vaxxer parents walk into a bar. "Sorry kids, no minors here", said St. Peter after seeing them enter.
A man walks into a bra Lucky it was padded
An elderly couple, a priest, and a doctor walk into a bar As they are sitting down and drinking, they eventually start talking about conception and the question of “when does life begin”.  The priest said in the Bible it states that life begins at conception Jeremiah 1:5 “Before I formed you in the womb I knew you”. This is God’s word so it is true.  The doctor looked at the priest funny and said, “You cannot be serious, I have been in practice for years and life begins at birth when you breath your first breath of air.”  The priest and doctor continue to arguing their point and as others began to shift their attention to their conversation, the old man spoke.   “You are both wrong, my wife and I fully agree that life begins when your kids finally move out of the house”.
A man walks into a bakery and asks the store owner if he has a thousand loaves of bread    The owner looked at the man likes he’s crazy and said “sorry we don’t stock that much bread at once”  The man comes in the next day and asks the owner “do you have a thousand loaves of bread”  The owner replies “I told you already, we don’t stock that much bread at once!”  The same thing happens the next day. At the end of the day the store owner decides to make a thousand loaves of bread in the hopes of making a huge profit!  The store owner spends all weekend working hard and makes a thousand loaves of bread.  On Monday, the man walks into the store again and asks the owner “do you have a thousand loaves of bread”  The owner smiles and replies “Yes, today we do indeed!”  The man shakes his head and says “you're going to make a lot of dough if you're able to sell them all!”  Then he waddles away.
So girl walks into a bar and asks for a double entendre... So he gives it to her.
This guy walks into a bar and orders a rhum and coke The bartender says I got something similar, here’s an apple  Guy: that’s an apple?! I asked for a rhum and coke  Bartender: just have a bite  Guy: WOW! it tastes like rhum!!!   Bartender: turn it around  Guy turns it around and bites: WOW tastes like coke!! Rhum n coke!  Few minutes later an older gentleman walks in and orders a gin and tonic. The bartender gives him an apple!  Older guy: hmm excuse me, I said gin n tonic  First guy: No no have it, this guy is like some sort of magician Barman or something   Older guy confused takes a bite: Wow it taste like gin!!  Bartender: turnnn it around   Older guy: Wow! Taste like tonic! Gin and tonic   First guy and the older man start talking about others things they can challenge the bartender with, something beyond drinks  Older man: I haven’t been with a woman in a long time, I use to eat my wife out all the time i loved it, but she passes away.   Guy: excuse barman! Can you get this man a taste of pussy!  Bartender finds it weird but hands them an apple  Older man takes a bite and spits it right out in disgust: WHAT THE FUCK!! This taste like shit!  Bartender: tuurrnn it around !  Edit: typos
16 Sodium atoms walk into a bar.. And the bartender says: “BATMAN!”
Walks into a bookstore Me:  Do you have any books on turtles?  Worker:  Hardback?  Me:  Yes, with little heads.
Two guys walk into a bar... They look around, and see that at one table, there's a rabbi, a priest, and an imman. At another there's an Irishman, a Scottsman, and a Brit. At a third there's a blonde, a brunette, and a readhead. Up at the bar, sits a dog with a bandaged paw.      Guy looks to his friend and says, 'What is this, some kind of joke?'
A monkey walks into a bar A monkey goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini. He then walks back over to the give it to the gorilla, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a monkey walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.  So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the monkey notices anything."  So he walks back over to the monkey and hands him a dollar change. The monkey doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.  "You know," he says to the monkey, "we don't get too many monkeys in here."  And the monkey says, "At nineteen dollars a drink I'm not surprised."
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar... It was tense
An amnesiac walks into a bar.  He goes up to a beautiful blonde and says, “So, do I come here often?”
A man walks into a bar and says... Ow. My head.
A white guy, a black guy, an Indian, an Asian woman and a girl in a wheelchair walk into a bar. Just kidding, the girl is in a wheelchair.
A black boy walks into the kitchen A black boy walks into the kitchen where his mother is baking and accidentally pulls the flour over onto his head. He turns to his mother and says, “Look Mama, I’m a white boy!” His mother smacks him and says, “Go tell your Daddy what you just said!” The boy finds his father and says, “Look Daddy, I’m a white boy!” His Daddy bends him over, spanks him, stands the boy back up, and says, “Now, what do you have to say for yourself?” The boy replies, “I’ve only been a white boy for five minutes and I already hate you black people!”
German guy walks into bar A German guy and his beautiful date sit down at a bar  He asks the bartender for a couple of martinis   The bartender ask "Dry?"  The German replies, "Nein, zwei."
A blind man walks into a bar  and into a chair,  and a  table..
Two cows walk into a barn and start arguing about who gets the wheat Now they got beef
A physicist walks into 2 bars. He felt under pressure.
A man walks into an Australian shop “G’day, do you have any endless expansive desert?”  “Not sure” says the shop clerk, “I’ll have to check if we have any outback.”
A man walks into a bar and says to the bartender “I’ll bet you 100 dollars I can bite my left eye.” The bartender doesn’t think he can bite his own eye so he bets him 100 dollars. The man takes out his glass eye and bites it. The bartender ends up giving him 100 dollars. The man comes back a few minutes later and says “I’ll let you get your money back. I’ll bet you 300 dollars I can’t bite my right eye” so the bartender bets him because there’s no way the man can have 2 glass eyes, right? So the man takes out his jaw and bites his right eye. Now the bartender is mad because he just lost 400 dollars. The man comes back once again and says to the bartender “I’ll bet you 500 dollars that I can stand up on the bar and pee in that cup all the way across the room without missing a drop” the bartender knows for sure he can’t make it so he shakes on it. The man stands up on the bar and pees all over the bartender! The bartender jumps up and down in joy. He then looks across the room and sees a man crying. “Why is he crying” he asks. “Well I bet him 1,000 dollars that I couldn’t stand up on the bar and piss all over the bartender and he’ll be happy about it”   (Sorry this was worded bad, I forgot some details and I suck at telling jokes)
Helvetica and Times New Roman walk into a bar... “Get out of here!” shouts the bartender. “We don’t serve your type.”
A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads... A guy walks into a bar and sees a sign that reads:  Cheese Sandwich: $1.50 Chicken Sandwich: $2.50 Hand Job: $10.00  He checks his wallet and calls the sexy bartender.  "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" he asks.  "Yes," she says. "I am."  "Well, wash your fucking hands," says the man. "I want a chicken sandwich!"
Two physicists walk into a courtroom... ...carrying a small test-tube. The first one starts right off the bat:  &amp;#x200B;  'I've spent years assembling and testing my equipment, made hundreds of test runs, until finally I synthetized this atom of gold. But he--'  'Don't you listen to him! These are my calculations, my countless years of research that he's shamelessly stolen! This atom is rightfully mine!..'  &amp;#x200B;  The judge lets them bicker for a while, then raises his hand for silence and rises, smiling cunningly--  &amp;#x200B;  \--then his Science advisor rushes in:  'Solomon, I FUCKING DARE YOU!!!'
A man walks into a therapist for his first session Man: “I am extremely scared of the Backstreet Boys, I think they are after me”  Therapist: “Tell me why?”  Man: “oh my god”
A man walks into a bat wearing a hat shaped like a fox The bartender asks him why he’s wearing it.  The mans says “Well I told my friends I was coming here and they said ‘Wear the Fox Hat’”
A guy walks into a bar and sees 3 steaks hanging from strings behind the bar.... So the guy ask the bartender “What’s up with those pieces of meat hanging up behind the bar?” The bartender replies “ Well if you can jump off the bar and bite into one of them your drinks are free all night!  But if you miss you must buy the whole bar a round of drinks.”  The guy thinks about it for a second and says “I can’t do it, the stakes are just too high”
A psychic walks into a job interview at a fortune-telling agency. The interviewer says, "Thanks for coming in. Tell me a bit about myself."
A guy walks into a bar and hears incredible piano music He looks over and notices that the pianist is only 12-inches tall, so he walks over to the bartender and asks him,  “Where did the owner find a 12-inch pianist?”  “He said that that man over there,” he points to a man in the corner of the bar, “that man can grant you like, one wish or something along those lines.”  “Thanks” responds the man, and he walks over to the man in the corner, “hey, you can grant me a wish, right?”  “Why of course. What do you request?”  “I would like a million bucks” says the man, and then, as he looks out the window, he sees a million DUCKS.”  He asks the bartender where the owner is, and when he finds the owner, he asks him, “ how come that man gave YOU exactly what you wished for?”  Realizing the man found out about the wishes, he openly responds with a question of his own, “Do you REALLY think that I asked for a 12-inch PIANIST?”
A communist and a capitalist both walk into a bar... Both now have bumps on their foreheads
A woman walks into a hardware store and asks the shopkeeper if he'd like to have a one-night stand. He gives her the nuts and bolts.
An American and Canadian walk into a bakery The American ordered some Baked Alaska. The Canadian, however, was having Nunavut. 
The Minnesota Vikings walk into a bar To watch the Super Bowl
A joke walks into the bar The bartender says, why the long joke?
A panda walks into a bar and gobbles some beer nuts. Then he pulls out a gun, fires it in the air, and heads for the door. “Hey!” shouts the bartender, but the panda yells back, “I’m a panda. Google me!” Sure enough, panda: “A tree-climbing mammal with distinct black-and-white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves.”
The Pakistani cricket team walk into a bar... to watch the Indian Premier League
A Roman walks into a bar... He holds up two fingers and says “five beers please”.
A group of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first orders a beer, the second orders half a beer, the third orders a quarter a beer... By the seventh order the bartender asks them "is this some sort of a joke?"  The last mathematician explains "no, we just know our limits". 
A neutron walks into a bar and asks for the price of a drink. The bartender says, " For you,  no charge "
A man walks into a bar... and he gets a concussion.
A Marine walks into a McDonald's, starts eating food off the line... "Sample Fry"
A Chinese man walks into a bar. He goes up to the bartender and asks for a pint of Guinness.  The barman says "No I'm sorry buddy, I can't serve you."  "Why is it because I'm Chinese?!!" he says.   The barman says, "No, you're too young."  The Chinese man looks baffled...  "How do you know my name?"
Two termites walk into a bar and ask Is the bar tender here?
Two guys walk into a bar... and say "OW!!! FUck there's a bar here!" 
20 people and a cat walk into a bar Only the cat survives 
A man walks into his house with a duck under his arm... A man walks into his house with a duck under his arm.  He turns to his wife and says, 'This is the pig I'm fucking'.  His wife says, 'You idiot...that isn't a pig.  It's a duck.'  The man responds, 'I wasn't talking to you...'.
A homophobe, a scientologist and an anti-vaxxer walk into a bar. And the barman says: “I didn’t know Chris Pratt, Tom Cruise and Jim Carrey were real life friends!”
A Rabbi, a Priest, and a Gorilla walk into a bar The Gorilla looks around and says   "I must be in the wrong joke"
Tyron walks into a brothel Tyrion walks into a brothel with a honeycomb and a jackass.  Madame: What can we do for you?  Tyrion: I need a woman to lay with, for mine has left me.  Madame: Whatever for? And what's with the honeycomb and the mule?  Tyrion: My woman found a genie in a bottle, and he granted her three wishes. The first was for a house fit for a queen, so he gave her this damn honeycomb. The second wish was that she have the nicest ass in all the land, so he gave her this damn donkey...  Madame: And what about the third wish?  Tyrion: Well... she asked the genie to make my cock hang down past my knee.  Madame: Well that one's not so bad eh?  Tyrion: Not so bad!? I used to be six foot three!  (I stole this but thought it was pretty good)  (I stole this of the block who stole this of a bloke who probably stole this)
Marty Jones walks into a bar... ... and the bartender asks: “Why the long face?”
A woman walks into a pet store.. She sees a beautiful parrot with a sign on its cage: $10 OBO The lady asks the pet shop owner, "Why so cheap?" The owner says "This bird used to live in a brothel, so he says a lot of inappropriate things." The lady can't pass up the deal and decides to get the bird anyway. She gets the bird home and the first thing the bird says is "Finally cleaned up this dump, and the new madam isn't bad looking." The lady finds it amusing. Her two teen daughters get home and the bird says "New whores in the house, business will be booming tonight." The girls are shocked but laugh it off. A few hours later the woman's husband gets home and the bird says "Hey Jim."
A child walks into a supermarket in America. A child walks into a supermarket in America and tries to buy 5 bars of snickers and an assault rifle. The cashier saids, ‘I’m sorry, I can’t sell this to you’. The child replies; ‘Why?’ The cashier then saids; ‘that’s too much chocolate for a little boy to have’. 
A man walks into a bar. "Give me a shot of whiskey, quick!" The bartender pours it and the man swallows it in one gulp. "Another!" The bartender pours another and the man gulps it again. "Another!"  As he pours the bartender asks "what happened to you?" to which the man replies, "I just experienced my first blowjob!" The bartender smiles and says "Ahh. Celebrating are we?" As he raises the 3rd shot the man says "Hell no, I'm trying to get the taste out of my mouth!" *Gulp* "Another!"
A guy walks into a bar, slams $20 down and asks for a vodka. The barman serves the drink and enquires about his problem... "I just found out my brother is gay", says the guy. "Man, that's tough," says the barman. Two weeks later the same guy goes to the bar again, and slams another $20 on the bar. The barman again enquires about his problem."I just found out my father is gay too!" says the guy. "Wow your family is screwed up," says the barman. Two weeks later, the guy walks into the bar again. Before he has a chance to take out any money, the bartender looks at him and asks, "Hey, does anyone in your family even like to sleep with women?". "Yes", replies the guy, "my wife."
Ducks walk into the bar "Got any bread?" *No*    "Got any bread?" *No*     "Got any bread?" *No and if you ask again,  i.ll nail your beak to the bar*    "Got any nails?" *No*     "Got any bread?"    
A guy walks into a bar and orders 3 whiskeys in 3 seperate glasses. So the bartender pours the drinks and the man drinks all 3, pays, and leaves. The next day, the man comes in, orders the same thing, drinks, pays leaves. This goes on for a week when finally the bartender says "you know, I can put all of those into 1 big glass for you if you'd like". The man replies "no that's ok. You see, I have 2 brothers back home in Ireland. This glass is for me brother Seamus, this glass is for me brother Reamus, and this glass is for me. I miss them very much and drinking like this let's me feel close to them." The bartender is touched and over the next couple of months, the man comes in everyday, drinks, pays and leave. One day, the man walks in and as the bartender is about to start pouring the drinks, the man says "it'll...it'll just be 2 shots of whiskey in 2 seperate glasses today please". The bartender's heart sank. "Oh no, is everything ok?" The man replies "oh yes, everything is fine. It's just that I've decided to quit drinking"
A doctor, a nurse, and a mom walk into a bar  The doctor sits first and orders a shot of Jack Daniels  The nurse sits second and orders a shot of Jose Cuervo  The mom sits last and says “I’m sorry, I don’t do shots.” then falls to the floor dead from measles.
So a man walks into a bar, The bar tender asks, what can I get for you  Man: I think I'll have myself a gin and tonic tonight.  The Bartender places an apple on the counter.  Man: what the hell is this?  BT:Just take a bite,  The man bites "holy shit, that tastes like gin!  BT: Now turn it around  Man: tastes like tonic!  Later on that evening another man asks the bar tender, "hey BT get me a rum an coke". The BT places another apple.  Man2: what the hell is this?   BT: take a bite  Man2: holy fuck it tastes like coke!  BT: now turn it around  Man2: RUM!? Holy shit, hey jake get over here this dudes got an apple that tastes like anything you want!  Jake: no shit really? You got an apple that tastes like pussy?  BT places an apple on the counter.  Jake takes a bite and immediately spits it out "what kind of joke is this?! It tastes like shit!  Bartender replies "Now turn it around."
A man walks into a whorehouse, and approaches the Madam. He places a ten dollar bill on the counter, and says he'd like a girl. The Madam laughs.  "For ten bucks? You're dreaming, pal."  The man withdraws another ten, and asks "How about now?"  The Madam sighs, and says "I think we can work something out. Tell you what. . .go up the stairs, down the hall on the left. Follow the upstairs hallway, until you get to room B-27. Don't bother knocking. Just get in there, and start fucking. The light burned out a week ago, so it's dark. And she don't talk much. But you're not here for conversation, so who cares? Just drop your pants, do your thing, and leave."  The man agrees, and goes up the stairs. At the end of the hall, he reaches room B-27. True to the Madam's word, he opens the door to find a darkened room, and a young woman, naked, and spread-eagle on the bed.  He promptly removes his pants, and enters her, kissing her face and neck. She remains quiet, but it doesn't bother him.  As he ejaculates, however, he is repulsed to see a foul, green fluid spurting from her eyes, nose, and mouth. Terrified and disgusted, he grabs his pants and runs out of the door.  The Madam watches with a chuckle, and calls to one of the girls.  "Betsy, grab the bucket and the plunger. The dead girl in B-27 is backed up again."
A guy walks into a grocery store and... A guy walks into a grocery store and asks an employee if they have Naan bread.  The employee tells him, the bread is on the bread aisle, and everything else in the store, is non-bread.
A man walks into confessional... "Bless me father for I have sinned. I cannot stop listening to the Barenaked ladies"   "How long has it been since your last confession?"   "It's been..."   
A man walks into a zoo A man walks into a zoo, but he finds that there is only one animal in the zoo, a dog. It is a shitzu.
A Spanish photon walks into a bar The bar tender asks "what'll it be?" And the photon replies "una cerveza por favor." The bartender gives him a beer and come backs a few minutes later to find it finished. He asks: "want another?" To which the photon replies "Ay, no mas!"
A three legged dog walks into a bar.... And says “I’m looking for the man who shot me pa!”
A slob of a woman walks into Walmart... The greeter notices that she has two unruly kids, one boy and one girl, who are running their mouths and picking their noses. The mother, who is also disgusting, looks at the greeter and says "the fuck is your problem?"  The greeter says "ma'am, your kids - are they twins?"  The woman replies "Why in the hell would you think that? One is five and the other is nine."  The greeter says "well, because I can't believe you've been fucked twice..."
A man walks into a bar where’s there’s a jar stuffed with money... “What’s with the jar?” Says the man as he sits down.   The bartender looks over, “An ongoing competition. It’s $5 to enter, but if you can make the horse out back laugh you take the jar and the money.”   The man takes out his wallet, puts a fiver in and walk out the back door. A minute later he comes back in and grabs the jar of money.   The bartender stops him, “Whoa there, what are you doing?”   The man replies, “Go look out back.”   Sure enough, the horse is on the ground laughing its head off. So the bartender let’s the man take the money and he leaves.   A month later, the same man comes back to the bar and there’s a new jar, twice as big as the last one and stuffed with even more money.   “What’s the competition this time?” he asks.   “That’s for anyone that can get that damn horse to stop laughing!”   So the man takes out a $5, puts it in, and walks out back.   A minute later he comes back in and again grabs the jar of money.   The bartender stops him, “Wait, what are you doing?”   The man replies, “Go look out back.”   The bartender looks but now the horse is on the ground crying its eyes out.   The bartender comes back and says, “Okay you can take the money. But at least tell me how you did it.”   “That’s only fair I guess,” he replies, “Well, the first time I told the horse I had a bigger dick than him. And the second time, I proved it.”     
An ancient Greek walks into his tailor’s shop with a pair of torn pants “Euripides?” says the tailor.  “Yeah, Eumenides?” replies the man.
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office wearing nothing but cling wrap. The psychiatrist says, "Sir, I can clearly see your nuts."
So a man with deja vu walks into a bar. So a man with deja vu walks into a bar.... wait a minute...
NSFW Woman walks into a bar A woman walked into a bar, and took a seat right at the bar. She ordered two drinks. The first one she downed in one go. The second she poured down her trousers into her panties.  The barman was curious, but had seen a lot of strange things people do when drinking so said nothing.   She ordered two more drinks. Same thing happened. One drink quickly downed. The second was poured into her panties.  The barman was getting really curious at this stage, but he was busy, and on his own. No time to talk.  This went on all night.   Finally close to closing time the bar was almost empty.  The barman asked her ' I just have to ask you what the heck are you pouring drinks down your pants for'.   The lady answered ' get me two more drinks, and I will explain'.  The barman said 'ok' and proceeded to pour the drinks.  The woman downed the first then said 'This is because I won the lottery tonight'.  The barman says 'Well congrats, but that doesn't explain the other part why are yo...'  The lady interrupts to say 'I was just about to explain that'. She pours the drink down her panties. She then tells the barman 'I always promised if I won the lottery only one cunt was getting a drink out of me'.
A chicken walks into a library and ask the librarian, “Book, book, book.”  The librarian hands the chicken three books. On the way out, the chicken runs into a frog. The chicken shows the books to the frog and says:  “Book, book, book.”  The frog replies:  “Reddit, reddit, reddit.”
A neutron walks into a bar. A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much a drink costs. The bartender replies, "For you? No charge."
A roman legionnaire walks into a bar and says to the bartender "I'll have a martinus please, dry"  "Don't you mean a martini?"  "Hey! If I wanted a double I would've asked for it!"
A pastor walks into a cave A pastor went down into a cave renowned for it's echo. "anything you say will be perfectly echoed back to you perfectly." So he goes down there and yells "Bologna!" to which he got no reply. He goes up to his guide and says, "I thought this cave echoes everything back perfectly!". The guide replies, "I'm not sure what happened there.  Try it again." The pastor decided that he'll give it one more try. This time, he yells, "I'm the greatest pastor in the world!"   To which the echo replied, "Bologna!"
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one to enter asked for a pint of whatever's on tap.   The second, third, fourth, and so on all the way to the infinite subsequent patron to enter said "I'll have half of what he's having", pointing to the person who came before him.  The bar tender responded "you're all idiots!" and poured two pints.
A man walks into a bar and sees a man playing chess with his dog. "Dear goodness! I've never seen such a thing in my life. That dog must be incredibly smart."   "Not really. He loses 9 out of every 10 games."
A sheep, a drum and a snake walk into a bar. Ba-dum-tss.
A grasshopper walks into a bar. The bartender says "Hey! We have a drink named after you!"  The grasshopper says "Why would you name a drink 'Kevin'?"
Two Canadian nuclear physicists walk into a bar The first one says "Will you pay for this round?"  The second one replies "CANDU."
A chess player walks into a bar He orders a drink and the bar tender says would you like to open up a" before he could finish the chess player way too excited interrupts and yells "CHECK" the bartender cringes and tells him " here this ones on the house you look like your having problems with your knight."
Two guys walk into a bar The third one ducks.          I'll be leaving now.
A man with Marfan syndrome walks into a bar... The barman says, 'why the long face?'
Another horse walks into a bar The barman says "why the long face?"  and the horse replies "because my entire family were killed and served to customers in Subway.
A girl walks into a bar She failed her pole dancing class.
A family walks into a hotel A family walks into a hotel and the father goes to the front desk and says "I hope the porn is disabled."   The guy at the desk replies. "It's just regular porn you sick fuck
A foreign man walks into a bar... He sees a group of hot women, and asks them, "Where are you from?" in a thick accent.  Somewhat annoyed, they reply, "Go away, we're lesbians!"  Determined to get one of them, he says, "but I'm from Lesbia too!"
A weasel walks into a bar... ...and asks for a bottle of water.  The clerk at the counter says, "We don't have water. Would you like anything else?"  The weasel looks around, and spots the nearest case of drinks.  "I'll have a pop," goes the weasel.
A guy walks into a bar, and he sees a donkey... So he asks the bartender, whats the deal with the donkey? The bartender lets out a little chuckle, and replies, "Yeah, everyone sees the donkey, but no one sees the big gallon jar of money at its feet." Being even more confused he asks what its for. "If you can make him laugh, the moneys yours. Nobody in ten years has ever done it. feel free to take a shot at it." So the man saunters over, whispers something in the donkeys ear, and it busts out laughing harder than any man could. Astonished, the bartender gives him the money. Another ten years pass, and the bar is in complete disarray. There are no more customers. Another gallon jug of cash is at the donkeys feet. The man has finally returned, and the donkey is still laughing. The bartender sees him and shouts, "Hey! You! What the heck did you say to this thing? His laugh is so annoying its driven away my customers! Y'know what i don't even care, make him stop and the moneys yours! No one has ever done it!" So the man says ok, and takes him out back and a few moments later he returns and the donkey is quietly sobbing. The barkeep gives him the money and says "Alright, look, this has been ridiculous, what did you say? How'd you fix this?" The man says, "Well ten years ago I told it my dick was bigger than his, and today I proved it."
A pair of jumper cables walks into a bar. The bartender says, "you're welcome to drink here, but you better not start anything."
What do you tell the president before he walks into a bar? Donald duck.
The Last Ever Walk Into A Bar Joke Frank Sinatra Walks Into a Bar in His Way "Welcome to My Way Bar" says The Bartender "Your Way Its My Way" says Sinatra
A 13 year old weasel walks into a bar... A 13 year old weasel walks into a bar and approaches the counter. The bartender immediately notices the underage weasel.  "Sir, you look extremely young. I can't serve you even a single beer."  "Oh c'mon. You can't just slide me one?"  "Can't and will not serve to anyone under age."  "Fine. Well what other things do you have?"  "Well for non-alcoholics I have tap water and bottled water, I have coffee, and I have pop. Which would you like?"  "Pop." Goes the weasel.
Algebra walks into a bar... Orders a drink and sits at the bar alone. The bartender sees him sending multiple texts while constantly looking at the door.   Finally the bartender asks, "looking for someone?"  Algebra responds, "yeah, I'm trying to find my x"
A policeman walks into a barber shop... A policeman walks into a barber shop.  The barber looks at him and says "Thank you very much for protecting and defending our town! As this is your first time here, it would be my pleasure to give you a free haircut."  The barber gives the policeman a haircut, and that night, the barber receives a bottle of wine with a thank-you note from the policeman.  The next day, a fireman walks into the barber shop.   The barber looks at him and says, "Thank you, good sir, for preventing damages across our town and saving many lives! Please, let me give you a complimentary haircut to thank you for your services, since this is your first visit."  The barber gives the fireman a haircut, and that night, the barber receives a dozen donuts with a thank-you note from the fireman.  The next day, a politician walks into the barber shop.   The barber looks at him and says, "I believe this is your first time here, good sir. You have helped our town improve and guided many of our citizens, and because of this, I would like to award you with a free haircut to commend your efforts."  The barber gives the politician a haircut, and the next day, twelve new politicians walk into the barber shop.
The past , future and present walk into a bar It was tense.
A limbo dancer walks into a bar He is ashamed.
A man and his family walk into a bar... Inside of the bar, the man's youngest child sees a Native American sitting under a sign stating "World's longest memory". The child walks up to sign and decides to test if this sign is true. The child asks "What did you have for breakfast 30 years ago?" The Native American states "eggs." The child states that the native could have just made that up, and then later leaves the bar.  Years later, when the child returns back with his own family he sees the same native at the bar. Walking up to the man, he states a stereotypical "how!" The Native replies "scrambled."
A man walks into a bar and after 10 years my mom finally understood he isn't coming back.
A lawyer walks into a doctor’s office with a huge tumor on his face...  Doctor says,  “Why didn’t you come sooner?”   The tumor says, “To be honest, I was ashamed to leave the house.” 
A precious little girl walks into a Pets Mart Shop and asks, A precious little girl walks into a Pets Mart Shop and asks, in the sweetest little lisp, between two missing teeth, "Excuthe me, mithter, do you keep widdle wabbits?"  As the shopkeeper's heart melts, he gets down on his knees so that he's on her level and asks, "Do you want a widdle white wabbit, or a thoft and fuwwy, bwack wabbit, or maybe one like that cute widdle bwown wabbit over there?"  She, in turn, blushes, rocks on her heels, puts her hands on her knees, leans forward and says, in a tiny quiet voice,  "I don't think my python weally gives a thit !!"
An investor walks into a bar... and walks up to the owner.   "Hey sir, nice to meet you. I have a great idea for a bourbon street style bar. I figured I'd come in and run it bayou."  "Thank you for coming in, but I have to get back to work we're really swamped."
A Russian man walks into a bar... and orders water.
A dung beetle walks into a bar... ...and asks, “Is this stool taken?
A ham sandwich walks into a bar... The bartender goes sorry, we don't serve food here. 
A hunter walks into a bar A hunter walks into a bar and says, "I'm the best hunter there ever was. You hand me a hide, I'll tell you what animal it came from, what killed it, and I'll do it blindfolded."   The bartender blindfolds him and hands him an animal skin. He handles it for a few minutes, and then he says, "Bear." Then he feels the bullet hole and says, "Shot with a .308 rifle."  And he's right.   The cook brings in a skin from his truck, hands it to the hunter, but then the hunter says, "Elk, shot with a 125 grain fixed broad head," and he's right again.   For the rest of the night, he keeps winning and downing drink after drink. The next morning he wakes up in his hotel room, looks in the mirror and sees he has a black eye.   He says to the woman he met at the bar, "Where'd I get this black eye?" She says, "From me. You got into bed, put your hand down my panties, fiddled around a bit and then said,       'Skunk, killed with a hatchet.'"
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office wearing nothing but Saran wrap wrapped around his body.. The therapist says "I can see youre fucking nuts."
A minifigure walks into a bar. It was made of LEGO bar elements. 
A dad walks into the room and sees his daughter having sex with a boy. The girl says, “Dad, I’m sorry!” Dad: Hi Sorry, I’m dad!   Then he turns to the boy and says, “Are you fucking sorry?”
Four friends walk into a forest... This is my favourite and go-to joke and further elaborations and movements fitting those of the fourth person add to the joke:  Four friends walk into a forest and close to the path they walk on they see a fairy trapped beneath a fallen tree. They decide to help her out and once they have lifted the tree the fairy thanks all of them and says: "I will grant all four of you 3 wishes but you need to make those after a time span of 3 years each."                                            The first one answers: "I would like to have 1000$ in cash right now!"                                                                                     The fairy says: "No problem!" and hands the first guy his thousand dollars.                                                           The second guy continues to make his wish: "My ford fiesta is a nice car but I would really like to drive an Audi A6"                   "Your wish shall become truth and the Audi is already parked in your garage at home.", says the fairy.                                      Guy Nr. 3 is now at the row to make his wish: "My flat isn't really that big and I definitely need more space if I want to start a family, so I would like to own a nice single-family house in the suburbs with a nice little garden."                                                        "No problem", says the fairy, "The keys to your new house and its address are inside of your letterbox back at your flat." The last of the friends now asks the fairy: "You know what would be really cool? If my head was spinning around in circles."          "No problem", says the fairy and the last guys head starts to spin around in circles.                                                                                            Three years later the four friends meet up again to see the fairy and make their second wishes.                                                 Once arrived the first guy makes his wish: "The thousand dollars you gave me were really nice but after only 3 weeks I had already spent them so this time I wish for a million dollars in my bank account!"                                                                         "No problem", says the fairy, "The money you wish for is now in your bank account."                                                                The second one now makes his turn: "The Audi you gave me handles really well and it's also pretty fast but I would really enjoy a faster car. This time I wish for a Porsche!"                               "No problem", says the fairy. "Additionally to your Audi I now placed a Porsche in your garage."                                        The third guy proceeds: "The house I wished for is quite beautiful but I would like to have a bit more room and luxury. I wish for a big mansion close to the sea!"                                                                                                                                                         "No problem", says the fairy, "The keys and location of your mansion are now placed in a letter sent to your current address."                                                   The fourth guy, still spinning his head, now makes his wish: "You know fairy, it's pretty awesome that my head is now spinning all the time but it would be really really cool if my left arm was also spinning around in circles!"                                     "No problem", says the fairy and the last guys left arm now begins to spin.  Three years later the four friends meet up one last time to see the fairy and make their final wishes.                                                 Once arrived the first guy makes his wish: "Being a millionaire is a really nice thing but it would be quite awesome to be the richest guy in the world!"                                                                         "No problem", says the fairy, "You are now the richest man in the world and all the money in the world summed up is now in your bank account."                                                                The second one now makes his turn: "The Porsche you gave me is really fast and way more fun to drive than the Audi but I wish to have the ability to get all sports cars and luxury cars I wish for!"                               "No problem", says the fairy. "I expanded your garage and whenever you wish for a car it's already inside next to all the other sporty cars and you will be able to drive a different sports car every day of the year."                                        The third guy now proceeds: "I really enjoy living in that big mansion by the sea but the only thing that would be even better would be my very own island with an even bigger mansion on it."                                                                                                                    "No problem", says the fairy, "The boatsman on your private yacht will take you to your very own private island."                                                                                                                                                              The fourth guy, still spinning his head and his left arm, now makes the final wish: "You know fairy, it's pretty awesome that my head and my left arm are now spinning all the time but it would be really really cool if my right arm was also spinning around the whole time in the opposite direction as my left arm!"                                             "No problem", says the fairy and the last guys right arm now begins to spin.  The four friends now meet each other in a bar after another three years has passed. And they start to talk about what has happened since the fairy granted them the wishes.                                                                       The first guy starts talking about his life: "My wealth is now big enough that there isn't a word to describe the number it has reached since I invested and multiplied it that often!"                                                                                            "That's pretty awesome", says the second guy, "I now drive the newest prototype cars since experiencing a different car every day gave me the ability to give the best of feedback to the car manufacturers while I even get paid for driving  those multi-million dollar cars around."                                                                                                                                                                            The third guy now speaks about his very own wealth: "I now own 50 additional islands and have built the most luxurious holiday resorts and earn a lot of money through that."                                                                                                                                        The last guy, still spinning his head and both arms around in circles now says: "Guys, I think my wishes were bullshit."
Two hillbillies walk into a restauarant While having a bite to eat, they talk about their moonshine operation. Suddenly, a woman at a nearby table, who is eating a sandwich, begins to cough.  After a minute or so, it becomes apparent that she is in real distress. One of the hillbillies looks at her and says, "Kin ya swallar?"  The woman shakes her head no. Then he asks, "Kin ya breathe?" The woman begins to turn blue, and shakes her head "NO".  The hillbilly walks over to the woman, lifts up her dress, yanks down her drawers, and quickly gives her right butt cheek a lick with his tongue. The woman is so shocked that she has a violent spasm, and the food flies out of her mouth.As she begins to breathe again, the Hillbilly walks slowly back to his table. His partner says, "Ya know, I'd heerd of that there 'Hind Lick Maneuver' but I never seen nobody done it.
A guy with flame tattoo sleeves walks into a building and gets stopped by security. The security guard tells the guy there are no firearms allowed. 
So, two vampires walk into a bar... The first one orders a Bloody Mary. (Get it?! Cuz he's a vampire!)  The second one orders some hot water.  The first one turns to him, confused. "Why just water? Live a little."  The second one pulls out a used tampon and says "I'm making tea."
A lemming walks into a bar; and then another lemming walks into the bar; and then another lemming walks into the bar and then the bartender says "what is this?? a lemming convention???"
Two guys walk into a bar One of them says to the bartender ,"I'll have H2O" . The other guy says, "I'll have H20 too"  They both drink water because the bartender has enough common sense to not serve shots of hydrogen peroxide at a bar
A string walks into a bar..     The string takes a seat at the bar and ask the bartender for a drink. The bartender replies, "We don't serve to strings in this bar, you'll have to see yourself out."      The string, feeling dejected, walks out and stumbles upon two rugged strings in an alley. The shady looking thugs stop the string and extort him of his money. Struggling to resist the thugs; the string was ruffled and tied into a knot, left abandoned by the thieves.      The tattered string returns to the bar and seats himself, once again he asks for a drink. The bartender replies, "aren't you the same string that walked in a little while ago?"   The string replies, "No, I'm a frayed knot."
Two scientists walk into a bar: “I’ll have an H2O.”  “I’ll have an H2O, too.”  The bartender gives them both water because he is able to distinguish the boundary tones that dictate the grammatical function of homonyms in coda position as well as pragmatic context.
A man walks into a small town bar and orders 3 beers... He drinks all three and then leaves. He comes back at the same time next week and orders three more, drinks them, and leaves.  After a few weeks of this the bartender says, “Hey man, I’ve gotta ask.. you only come in once a week at the same exact time, drink exactly three beers, and then leave. What’s the deal?”  The man replies, “Well my two brothers and I all live in different states, so once a week we made a pact to go to a bar and have three beers; one for each of us”  The bartender, satisfied with the answer, says “Very cool man, we’ll see you next week for three more.”  But the next week the man only orders two beers. He does this for a few consecutive weeks until the bartender has to ask, “I hate to ask, but I noticed you’ve only been getting two beers recently. Did something happen to one of your brothers?”  The man smiles and replies, “Oh no, my brothers are fine, I just quit drinking.”
A woman walks into a bar with a pig and orders them both a drink.     "Why are you with a pig?" the bartender asks. "Just saving time," she says. "Pigs don't turn into men when they drink."   
A guy walks into a bar and says, "O-o-one b-b-beer, p-please." The bartender tells him, "I used to have a stutter too.  Then one day, my wife gave me head, and from that point on I was cured!"  The guy gets really excited and runs out the door without ever getting his beer.  The next day, the guy walks back into the bar and says, "O-o-one b-b-beer, p-please."  The bartender asks him, "It didn't work, huh?"  The guy says, "N-n-nope.  B-but y-your h-h-house is r-r-really n-n-nice."
A man walks into a bar with an ostrich he goes up to the bar and say "I'll have a bud." The ostrich nods and goes "I'll have a bud too." The bartender shrugs and goes "That'll be $9.78" The guy reaches into his pocket, and without looking pulls out a wad of cash and hands it to the bartender. He counts it out and it's exactly $9.78. The pair take their drinks and sit down. A few minutes later the pair comes up and orders a second round. Again the man reaches into his pocket without looking, pulls out a wad of cash, and it's exactly $9.78. After a few more minutes he comes up and goes, "You know, I think this time I'll have a local brew." The Ostrich nods and goes "Yeah, I'll have that too." The bartender goes "Okay, but that'll run you $12.88." The man reaches into his pocket without looking and pulls out a wad of cash, and it's exactly $12.88. The bartender goes "Okay, I gotta ask. Every time you go to pay, you just pull out a random wad of bills, and it's always the exact amount. How do you do it?" The man chuckles and says "Well, a few years back I was cleaning out my grandfather's attic, and I found this dusty lamp, when I rubbed it a genie came out and offered me two wishes. My first wish was that whenever I went to pay for something, I would always have exact change available for it in my pocket." The bartender nods, "Well that was smart, I mean most people would have asked for a million bucks, but you got all the money you could ever need. But what's with the ostrich?" The man sighed, "Well, my second wish was that wherever I went I'd be accompanied by a long-legged blonde chick."
A programmer tries his hand at stand-up comedy: "Forward-slash forward-slash a man walks into a bar..." A heckler yells at him: "Why do you keep doing that weird forward-slash thing?!"  He responds: "Don't you know?  The best jokes are always in the comments."
A lady walks into a perfumery and asks for the perfumer for his finest fragrance. "Doobie woobie blue bop", says the perfumer.  Confused she looks around and notices that all of the bottles on the shelves are empty. "Do you keep them in the back?" she asks  "Flim flam flibidy blam", says the perfumer.   The lady sniffs the air, then looks at him strangely and asks, "come to think of it, I can't smell a single thing in here, do you even make perfume?"  "Scooby doo wop, bing bong flam", says the perfumer.  Confused, she leaves the store and on her way out bumps into another customer. She stops him and says, "Don't bother, he doesn't make any scents".
A tumor walks into a bar. The bartender asks, “what can I get for you?” The tumor replies, “I’ll have some Coke.” “In a can or a bottle?”, says the bartender. The tumor simply states, “In a can, sir.”
Three Fencers Walk Into a Bar. Looking around, they see the bartender telling a drunk customer to get out, that he's had too many. The customer goes to punch the bartender, but before he can land the hit the bartender grabs his head and smashes it into the granite countertop, breaking the drunkard's nose.  The police show up, and learning they were witnesses ask the fencers--an epeeist, foilist, and sabreist--whether they thought the bartender was acting in self-defense. The foilist, twirling his moustache dramatically, quips "The whole affair was so boring that  neither could have possibly attacked, arrest neither one of them." The epeeist, patiently waiting through the foilist's monologue, blurts out "Both hits were within 10.95 milliseconds of each other, so both attacked: arrest both of them!" The sabreist, smiling the whole time, passes the police a note. It reads, "Arrest the granite".  When the police look at him quizzically, he says "What? It was obviously a counter attack!"
A string walks into a bar... (New Redditor here.)  A string walks into a bar, and the bartender says, "We don't serve your kind in here."  "Huh?" asks the string.  "I said we don't serve strings in here."  The string turns around and heads back outside. Thinking quickly, he ties himself in a knot, roughs up his hair a bit, and walks back inside the bar.  "Hey!" says the bartender, "aren't you that string I just kicked out of here?"  "No sir, I'm a frayed knot."
A Bear Walks Into A Bar. A bear walks into a bar in Montana  Bartender says: We don't serve bears beer in this here bar in Montana.  Bear says: Give me a beer, or I'm going to eat that girl at the end of the bar.  Bartender: We don't serve bears beer in this here bar in Montana.  Bear walks to the end of the bar and eats the girl. When he is done, he returns to the bartender: Give me a Beer!  Bartender: We don't serve Drug addicts beer in this here bar in Montana  Bear:???? Come again?  Bartender: What about that Barbiturate. 
A man amd his wife walk into a store and the wife steals a jar of peaches Loss prevention catches her however, and pulls them aside to wait for a police officer to show up. Upon arrival, he is told what happened and handed the jar. He then counts how many slices of peach there are, for she is to spend a week in jail for each one. In this case 6. The officer then pulls out the paper on which to write up the report, but just as he begins to fill it out, the husband exclaims, "Wait! She stole a can of peas too!"
The world's leading expert on European wasps walks into a record shop. He asks the assistant “Do you have ‘European Vespidae Acoustics Volume 2? I believe it was released this week.”    “Certainly,” replies the assistant. “Would you like to listen before you buy it?”    "That would be wonderful," says the expert, and puts on a pair of headphones.    He listens for a few moments and says to the assistant, “I'm terribly sorry, but I am the world's leading expert on European wasps and this is not accurate at all. I don't recognize any of those sounds. Are you sure this is the correct recording?”    The assistant checks the turntable, and replies that it is indeed European Vespidae Acoustics Volume 2. The assistant apologizes and lifts the needle onto the next track.    Again the expert listens for a few moments and then says to the assistant, "No, this just can't be right! I've been an expert in this field for 43 years and I still don't recognize any of these sounds."    The assistant apologizes again and lifts the needle to the next track.    The expert throws off the headphones as soon as it starts playing and is fuming with rage.   "This is outrageous false advertising! I am the world's leading expert on European wasps and no European wasp has ever made a sound like the ones on this record!"  The manager of the shop overhears the commotion and walks over.   "What seems to be the problem, sir?"   "This is an outrage! I am the world's leading expert on European wasps. Nobody knows more about them than I do. There is no way in hell that the sounds on that record were made by European wasps!"    The manager glances down and notices the problem instantly.   "I'm terribly sorry, sir. It appears we've been playing you the bee side."
A blind man walks into a bar... ...and a table, and a stool then falls down the stairs.
A pirate walks into a bar with his ships steering wheel down his pants. The bartender tells the pirate, “You know you’ve got a steering wheel down your pants.” The pirate says, “Arrr, I know, it’s driving me nuts.”
Two chinese men walk into a bar in New York.. .. and the barman turns to them and asks "Why the same face?". They were identical twins.
A pirate walks into a bar..... A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his pants, a peg leg, and also a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender says to the pirate, "Hey, you've got a steering wheel on your pants!"  The pirate says, "Arrrrgggg, I know. It's driving me nuts." 
A nun walks into a bar looking like she'd just been in a dog fight. Her clothes are all torn and raggedy and covered in crap. She sits down and orders a beer.   He pours her a pint and watches as she downs it in one, burps, then hawks up some phlegm and spits it on the floor. She follows this up by lifting her ass to the side and letting out a humongous resonating fart.   "Excuse me Sister", he says, "I don't get many nuns around here, but you seem to have some disgusting habits".   "No, just the one", she replies, "it's wash day."
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks, “can I get you anything?”  The horse replies, “neigh.”
A duck walks into a bar and just fucking screams at the barkeep.Give me a fucking jack and coke you fucking stupid ugly motherfucker. Whoa there partner, capitulates the tender of fine libations...whats with the fowl language? 
A hydrogen elemental and two water elementals walk into a bar... The bartender says, "'Water' you doing here?"  This came up in a recent RPG session. It's terrible, but I loved it too much not to post.  Edit: Hahaha I'm an idiot, and you apparently you can't edit titles! Oops!
A pirate with an eye patch, a peg leg, and a hook walks into a bar. The bartender notices him, and decides to ask about his injuries.   "So..." he starts off, "How'd you get that peg leg?"  "A shark bit off me leg."  "And the hook?"  "An enemy pirate cut off me hand."  The bartender gasps, fascinated by the pirate's stories.  "What about the eyepatch?"  "A seagull pooped in me eye."  "A seagull caused that? How?" The bartender questioned.  "Well, 'twas me first day with the hook..."
A string walks into a bar A string walks into a bar sits down and asks the bar tender for a drink, the bar tender tells him that they don't serve strings in his bar. So the string walks out goes into an alley pulls his threads apart and ties himself into a knot. The string walks back into the bar and sits down and the bar tender turns to him and says "hey aren't you that string that was just in here?" The string replies "no I'm a frayed knot."
A Roman walks into a bar ... A Roman walks into a bar, says "I'd like a martinus."  The bartender asks, "you mean martini?"  "No, just one."
A Roman walks into a bar... He points up two fingers and says, "Five beers please!"
Blind guy walks into a bar. First thing he does is pick up his dog by its leash and start swinging it above his head like a lasso.  The bartender says "hey! What are you doing?!?"  Blind guy says "just having a look around."
2 blondes walk into a bar The brunette ducks
Two blondes walk into a bar and take a seat. They are immediately arrested for theft.
A cat walks into a bar... And out again, and in again, and out again, and in again 
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and orders three beers.  The bartender brings him the three beers, and the man proceeds to alternately sip one, then the other, then the third, until they're gone.  He then orders three more and the bartender says, "Sir, I know you like them cold, so you can start with one, and I'll bring you a fresh one as soon as you're low."  The man says, "You don't understand. I have two brothers, one in Australia and one in the Ireland. We made a vow to each other that every Saturday night, we'd still drink together. So right now, my brothers have three beers, too, and we're drinking together."  The bartender thinks it's a wonderful tradition, and every week he sets up the guy's three beers. Then one week, the man comes in and orders only two. He drinks them and then orders two more. The bartender says sadly, "Knowing your tradition, I'd just like to just say that I'm sorry you've lost a brother."  The man replies, "Oh, my brothers are fine, I just quit drinking."
A German man walks into a bar He sits next to a mathematician and the mathematician asks him,  “What is 6+3?”  The German seems stumped at first then says, “Ach Nine!”
A Man Walks Into a Bank... He walks up to the counter and the banker says "Hello! How are you?"   "Good" says the man, "I'd like to borrow some money."  "Sure, no problem!" the banker said, "But first I must ask you, how's your credit?"  The man replied "It's not good but I really need the money"  "hmm, alright. I'm sorry but I can't help you." said the banker.  "It's fine" the man replied. As he was walking back to his car the banker appeared out of nowhere  "so how's your credit?" the banker asked  The man replied "I just told you and you couldn't help me out, alright? bye"  "how did your credit get bad?" the banker insisted on him answering  the man sighed, "listen, I'll tell you but can you at least help me out and let me borrow some money?  "sorry sir" the banker said, "I can't help you but c'mon just tell me how your credit got bad."  the man, obviously angry, says "really? please just let me borrow money or get away from me."  &amp;#x200B;  But no matter how many times he asked, the banker still would not leave him a loan.  &amp;#x200B;
Guy walks into a bar with brown robes on... Guy walks into a bar with brown robes on and the bartender asks "what’s with the robes, you just get out of a Renaissance faire?”   He replies, ”No I’m a Carmelite priest.”  The bartender exclaims "I’ll be damned!”  He answers “I hope not!"
Three men walk into a bar... The fourth one ducks. 
A travelling salesman walks into a bar... He’s going over the menu when a local guy slides onto the stool next to him, and just says one word: “Waterloo.”   Guessing he’s onto something of a local speciality, he asks for one himself. He takes a deep swig and pulls a face: “This doesn’t taste like anything at all!!!” he exclaims.  The local guy asks the bartender: “Well, what did he expect? It’s a water, innit Lou?”
An drunk alcoholic walks into a kids’ party He sees all these long lines of children waiting for their rides, snacks etc.  He finally sees some adults holding drinks in their hands and joins them.  He stand there for hours, waiting for the line to move. Finally when his number comes, he asks for a “Vodka Martini, Shaken not stirred. I have waited so long for this line to end, please make it quick. “ The person replies, “Sir, I am sorry to inform you.  You waited this whole time for the punch line.”
A German, a Scandinavian, and a Leprechaun walk into a bar... Nobody can really remember much of what happened after that.
Two chemists walk into a bar. The first chemist says "I'll have some H20."      The second chemist says "I'll have some H20 too."      The bartender, catching on quickly, gives them both glasses of water.      The second chemist steps out behind the bar and begins crying, realizing that his suicide attempt has failed.
A man walks into a bar.. A man walks into a bar and sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling, about 12 feet high. He asks the bartender, “Why are there these steaks hanging from the ceiling?”. The bartender then replies, “We have this challenge where of you can jump and hit one of the meats, you drink for free tonight, but if you miss, you have to buy drinks for everyone else in the bar. Wanna give it a try?”  The man then replies, “Nah, the steaks are too high”
Thor, Iron Man and Hulk walk into IKEA... Avengers... Assemble
A Greek guy walks into a tavern and sees two sea monsters arguing "What's up with them?" he asks.  "Oh, that's scylla and charybdis."  "Are they usually this angry?"  "Yeah, but they're not violent. Just don't get between them."
A guy walks into a diner and sees the fry cook, with one arm, making hamburger patties by smashing meat under his armpit... The guy complains to his waiter that using his armpit to make burger patties is the grossest thing a fry cook could ever do to prepare food.   The waiter responds, “I assure you it’s not. In the morning he makes donuts.”
A woman walks into a library and asked if they had any books about paranoia. The librarian says "They're right behind you!"
A man walks into his bedroom with a sheep under his arm... ...his wife wakes up and asks him what he's doing.   He says, 'Honey, this is the pig I sleep with when you have a headache.'.   The wife sneers at him and says, 'You idiot, that isn't a pig, it's a sheep!'.   The husband replies, ' I wasn't talking to you.'.
A cat walks into a bar... Bartender asks what he'll have. Cat orders a White Russian. Bartender says he's out of vodka. Cat is fine with that, thats actually how he prefers it.
So a television walks into a bar, And the bartender asks, "What will it be, PAL?"
A ghost walks into a bar and orders a shot of vodka... The bartender says: "Sorry, we don't serve spirits here." 
A 14 year old boy walks into a brothel with a dead frog. He approaches the first woman he sees and says “I’d like a woman for the night please”.   The woman replies “Don’t you think you’re a bit young to be in a place like this?”  The boy silently produces a large wad of notes from his back pocket and hands it to her. She looks shocked but says “I’m sure we can accommodate you sir, do you have any preferences?”  The boy replies “Yes, I’d like someone with a sexual disease please.”  Again the woman looks shocked but answers “I’m sorry but all of our girls are clean”  Once more the boy reaches into a pocket and produces another large wad of notes. The woman says “Go on up to room 2, the girl in there has herpes.”  The boy nods and makes his way upstairs. He comes back down 30 minutes later still holding the dead frog and makes for the exit. Before he reaches the door the woman he’d been speaking to earlier catches up to him and says “Sir, I hope you had a nice time and thanks for being so generous but I’ve just got to ask why a young boy like yourself wants a woman with herpes and why are you carrying a dead frog.  The boy replies “well now that I’ve fucked the woman upstairs, I’ve got herpes. When I get home I’ll fuck the baby sitter and she’ll get herpes. When my parents get home my dad will drop the baby sitter off and he’ll fuck her so he’ll have herpes. When he gets back he’ll fuck my mother and she’ll have herpes. Tomorrow when my dad’s in work my mother will fuck the postman and he’ll have herpes. And he’s the bastard who killed my frog!”
A man walks into a bar and orders a rum and Coke... The bartender says to the man "sorry, but is Pepsi okay?"  The man, having had a long day at work and needing a drink decided not to be picky  "Sure, why not" he said, then paid for his drink  The bartender fixed up the drink and handed it over  "Here you go," he said, "Pepsi and Coke" 
Newton walks into a bar The bar walks into Newton
A man walks into a fishmonger with a trout under his arm... He asks the shopkeeper, “Do you sell fish cakes?”  Shopkeeper replies “Of course!”  Man says, “Thank god, it’s his birthday!”  
A preist, a paedophile, a tax evader and a rapist walk into a bar. He orders a drink. 
E-Flat, A-Flat, and B-Flat walk into a bar.. ..the bartender says, "Get lost, kids. We don't serve minors."
A horse walks into a bar A horse walks in to a bar, bartender says, "why the long face?"    The horse responds "from an evolutionary perspective, being a grazing animals, my ancestors spent much of their time eating with their head close to the ground. The long face positions their eyes in such a position to maintain situational awareness of their surroundings."  
Three vampires walk into a bar. First vampire asks the bartender for a shot of blood, the bartender gives him the shot, he drinks it and leaves.   The second vampire also asks the bartender for a shot of blood, he drinks it and leaves.   The third vampires asks the bartender for a glass of water. The bartender looks puzzled and says, _"a glass of water?"_ The vampires pulls out a used tampon and says, _"tea time."_
A blanket walks into a bar... the bouncer stops him at the door and says "sir, you have to pay a cover charge to get in."
A Native American walks into an Old West saloon followed shortly by a bear The patrons freeze in fear, and the saloonkeeper points to the Native American man and whispers "There's a bear right behind you!"  The Native American man holds up a calm hand and says, "I can explain. Bear with me."  Edit: will not apologize for Dad jokes.
A news reporter and a surgeon walk into a bar.. The news reporter asks, “So you’re a surgeon, what’s the hardest thing you’ve ever had to do?” The surgeon replies, “Well one time I had to pull a load of shit out of a constipated patient’s ass.” The news reporter says, “Ahaha that’s nothing, I do that every day.”
A string walks into a bar looking really tired and dirty, disheveled and twisted and the bartender says: "Hey buddy, are you okay?" To which the string replies: "I'm a frayed knot!"
An Irish man walks into a bar. The end.
Black guy walks into a bar... Black guy walks into a bar and orders a whiskey. The barman notices a parrot on his shoulder an says "Oh cool!! Where did you find him!?"   The parrot says "Africa! There's thousands of them!"
A man walks into a bar... Ouch.
A guy walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says, 'I'll give you a drink if you tell me a meta-joke.' So the guy says, 'A guy walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender says, 'I'll give you a drink if you tell me a meta-joke.' So the guy says, 'A guy walks into a bar and asks for a drink ... So he gives the guy a drink.' So he gives the guy a drink.' So he gives the guy a drink.
An Englishman, a Scot, and an Irishman walk into a bar. They each order a Guinness.  As soon as their beers are served three flies come along and one drops in each beer.  The Englishman looks at his, goes "blech!", and pushes the beer away.  The Scot looks at his, shrugs, fishes out the fly, and drinks his Guinness.  The Irishman fishes his fly out and flicks it repeatedly yelling "spit it out you dirty bastard!  Spit it out!"
A guy with a steering wheel protruding from his fly walks into a bar ... The barman: mate, you know you've got a steering wheel coming out your fly ?  Man: yeah I know, it's driving me nuts
A blind man walks into a bar... ouch, that's gotta hurt!
A nudist walks into a bar... And the bartender says, "Thorry! We're clothed."
A bear walks into a bar and the bartender says, "what can I get ya?" The bear says, "can I get a beer............and a shot?" The bartender goes, "why the long pause?"  "Cause I'm a bear!"
A horse walks into a bar He required veterinary care.
A woman walks into a bar She sits down at the bar and orders a drink. A man who is nearby, and has obviously been there all day leans over to her and asks "Excuse me, can I smell your pussy?"  Shocked, she replies "No!"  He says "Oh, it must be your feet then."  
Bono and The Edge walk into a bar, and the bartender says.. Oh no not U2 again! 
a blind man walks into a bar... and a chair, and a table.
A man with authority walks into a bar.. He orders everyone a round. 
Three men walk into a bar... You think the third would've seen it by then.
A rope walks into a bar. He just wanted to hang out.
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar. Now, you can't tell me that's just a coincidence.
A doctor, a nurse, and a mom walk into a bar The doctor sits first and orders a shot of Jack Daniels. The nurse sits second and orders a shot of Jose Cuervo. The mom sits last and says "I'm sorry but i don't do shots" then falls to the flood dead from polio.  
A doctor, a klansman, and a governor walk into a bar... Oh wait, it’s just Ralph Northam. 
A group of Qubits walks into a bar holding hands. The same group stayed outside the bar. 
So a guy walks into a bar and has a lemon for a head... So a guy walks into a bar and has a lemon for a head... he sits down at the bar and the bartender says "WHOA! How did you get a lemon for a head?" The man replies "if you pour me free drinks all night, I'll tell you the story" the bartender agrees and starts to pour him a drink. The man starts to tell his story as a crowd of patrons gathers around him to hear the incredible  story... the man begins to say "well I was walking along this beach in the Bahamas and doing my hobby of metal detecting trying to find anything of value or interest and all of a sudden my metal detector went haywire and shot of the highest reading possible, so I began to dig with my small shovel on the spot where it was detected. After digging about 3 feet down I still found nothing but my metal detector was still getting a maximum reading, so I continued to dig and after another 2 feet or so I found what looked to be an old golden gravey boat. I started to rub the sand and crud off it to see the golden exterior better and all of a sudden a plume of blue smoke started to emerge from the item and a mystical looking man appeared in front of me and said "You have awakened me from a thousand year slumber and returned me to the physical realm, for that i will grant you 3 wishes" to my disbelief i found what i could only surmise as a genie. To test his statement of the 3 wishes I asked for enough money to buy anything of my heart's content, the mystical man snapped his figures and said "done" I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket and recieved a notification from my banking app that funds were deposited in the amount of $3,612,904,227.00 after checking and calling my bank to see if this was real or not, they confirmed the money was in my account and was mine to spend. To my amazement the mystical man seemed to have actual powers. So I thought long and hard as to what my second wish would be and requested that I want to meet my soul mate and the love of my life that will love me for me and never leave my side. And in the distance down the beach a woman starts to approach me and knew my name and told me that she would be mine forever if I'd have her" After taking a drink from his glass of free liquor and asking for another drink, the bartender abliged and asks "well how the hell did you get a lemon for a head?" The man drinks down his final drink stands up and says "For my third wish I wished for a lemon for a head" and walks out of the bar.
A guy walks into a bar with an octopus. He sits the octopus down on a stool and tells everyone in the bar that this is a very talented octopus. He can play any musical instrument in the world. He hears everyone in the crowd laughing at him, calling him an idiot, etc. So he says that he will wager $50 to anyone who has an instrument that the octopus can't play.  A guy walks up with a guitar and sets it beside the octopus. The octopus starts playing better than Jimi Hendrix, just rippin' it up. So the man pays his $50. Another guy walks up with a trumpet. The octopus plays the trumpet better than Dizzie Gillespie. So the man pays his $50. Then a Scotsman walks up with bagpipes. He sits them down and the octopus fumbles with it for a minute and sits it down with a confused look.  "Ha!" the Scot says. "Can't you play it?"  The octopus looks up at him and says, "Play it? I'm going to fuck it as soon as I figure out how to get its pajamas off." 
A German father and his son walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them and says to the father: "Well, I'm definitely not going to serve your Kind in here."
A guy with a birth defect walks into a bar He tries to hit up a girl but the girl suddenly starts vomiting uncontrollably  he calls an ambulance and she was sent to a hospital   later the doctor walks to the guy and says:   “I’m sorry but she’s lactose intolerant.”
A Stormtrooper walks into a cantina... Stormtrooper: Damn this song is catchy!
NSFW: Guy walks into a bar and sees a monkey by the barkeep "Hey keep I'll have what's on tap, and what's with the monkey"  "Watch this." The bartender then holds up one finger and the monkey jumps in to action. He gets a mug, fills it with the tap beer and gives it to the man.  "Holy cow" the man says, "That's amazing does he do any other tricks?"  The bartender looks at the man and says "Well he has one more trick, can I trust you?"  The man answers "Of course you can"  So the bartender reaches underneath the counter and grabs a two by four. He raises it like a bat and cracks the monkey upside the head. Dazed, the monkey stumbles around for a bit, but fumbles his way to the bartenders zipper. He takes out the bartender's dick and starts blowing him.  The man is taken aback but reluctantly admits that it is a very impressive trick.  The bartender asks "Would you like to give it a try?"  The man thinks for a minute, takes a big drink of his beer and says "Yeah, I'll give it a go..... Just don't hit me so hard."
A larger-than-life character, Big Tony, walks into a bar. Big Tony orders a drink. He bellows out, "when Big Tony drinks, everybody drinks!" The patrons of the bar all rush to get served their favorite tipple.  Then he orders some food. "When Big Tony eats, everybody eats!" Suddenly the kitchen is overwhelmed.  He places a twenty on the bar, and as he walks out, he bellows "When Big Tony pays, everybody pays!"
A guy walks into a bar with a little lizard on his shoulder. The bartender says "What's with the little lizard?" And the guy says "It's my newt."
A chicken walks into a library and says to the librarian: "Book, book, book."  The librarian hands the chicken three books. On the way out, the chicken runs into a frog. The chicken shows the books to the frog and says:  "Book, book, book."  The frog replies:  "Reddit, reddit, reddit."
A drunken man walks into a biker bar. He sits down at the bar and orders a drink. Looking around, he sees three men sitting at a corner table. He gets up, staggers to the table, and leans over. Then he looks the biggest, meanest, biker in the face and says,  "I went by your grandma's house today and I saw her in the hallway buck-naked. Man, she is one fine looking woman!"  The biker looks at him and doesn't say a word.  His buddies are confused, because he is one bad biker and would fight at the drop of a hat.  The drunk leans on the table again and says,  "I got it on with your grandma, and she is good. The best I ever had!"  The biker's buddies are starting to get really mad but the biker still says nothing.  The drunk leans on the table one more time and says,  "I'll tell you something else, boy, your grandma liked it!"  At this point the biker stands up, takes the drunk by the shoulders, looks him square in the eyes and says...  "Grandpa. GO HOME.
A cat walks into a bar... A cat walks into a bar and instantly the bartenter says he wont serve cats. Everyone starts laughing at the cat and insulting him so the cat clears his throat and says "Come on guys i'm feline abused here"
A man walks into a bar He tells the bartender and the staff    “I’ve got this great joke about polish men.” The bartender replies   “before you go on, you should know we’re polish” The man says   “ok, then I’ll tell it slowly.”
A man walks into a bar “Ow!”
A man walks into a bar... As soon as he enters, he hears the most beautiful music he's ever heard from a piano. He immediately walks to the piano and sees a 12 inch pianist playing a song.   He walks over to the bartender and asks, "where did he come from?"   The bartender replies, "I got him from a genie who lives in the back alleyway."  The man walks back into the alleyway and finds the genie.   "Hello," the genie says. "I am a genie, and I will grant you one wish, but only one wish. What can I do for you?"  The man replies, "I wish for a million bucks."   Just then, a million ducks rained down from the sky above. The man walked back into the bar and told the bartender, "I think your genie is hard of hearing.  The bartender replies, "No shit. You think I really wished for a 12 inch pianist?"
A man who escaped from a mental health center walks into a bar... A man who escaped from a mental health center walks into a bar and takes the kids.   Or at least he thought it was a bar. It was actually an orphanage .   The psycho takes the poor orphans  to an abandoned church and starts to fuck them.    "Am I a bad man? Am I a good sex mate?" He says.   "Both." said all of his cousins.
A guy walks into a restroom So, a guy walks into the restroom at a bar and sees a midget at one of the urinals. He walks over to the other one and starts to take a leak. Out of curiosity, he looks to the side and sees the midget has the biggest dick he's ever seen. After a couple moments of shock, he says, "Hey, uh... I'm not gay or anything, but I couldn't help but notice, well, uh... How'd a little guy like you end with such a huge cock?" The midget answers in an Irish accent, "It's because I'm a leprechaun. I wished it upon meself." "Well, would you be able to give me one, too?" asks the guy. "Sure!" says the leprechaun. "But, it will cost you." "How much?" asks the guy. "I'm a leprechaun with a pot of gold... What would I need your money for? No, you have to let me shag you up the ass!" The guy thinks about it for a few moments. "Well, for a dick that big, I could take it once, I guess." The leprechaun has the guy drop his pants and get down on all fours. He comes up behind him, slowly pushes it in, and starts to pump. "So, what's your name?" he asks the guy. "B-B-B-Bob!" he stammers. "And... How old are ya, Bobby?" "Twenty-seven!" "Now, ain't that a wee bit old to be believin' in leprechauns?"
OC. A sad bartender walks into a bar... A sad bartender walks into a bar and orders a drink. The man behind the bar pulls out a towel, starts cleaning the counter and asks the bartender what's wrong. The bartender says he was scammed and given counterfeit bills and his dick hurts. He's a tender bartender with a tender bar in a bar with illigal tender.
Two lawyers walk into a pub They order a couple of drinks and take subs out of their brief cases. They begin to eat.  Seeing this, the angry publican exclaims, " Excuse me but you cannot eat your own sandwiches in here!"   The two look at each other, shrug, then exchange sandwiches.
The past, the present, and the future all walk into a bar. It was a tense situation.
A mushroom walks into a bar the bartender says “hey, I won’t serve you, get out of here.”    The mushroom says, “why not?! I’m a fungi!” 
Three men walk into a bar. They all rub their heads from the pain. A duck follows them . . . . (OC!!!) Three men walk into a bar. They all rub their heads from the pain. A duck follows them, crouches, then walks through the open door. The midget musicians continue playing as the bartender asks the duck what he wants. The duck says to ask the horse sitting next to him - he looks pretty sad. The horse replies that he wants two shots and to put it on the ducks tab. The duck, offended and broke, decides to play it off by doing a line of cocaine. Once high, he asks why he can’t also do lines of punch.  &amp;#x200B;  \_\_\_\_  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  1. Two men walk into a bar. The third one ducks. 2. A man walks into a bar and sees his friend sitting beside a 12-inch pianist. He says to his friend, "That's amazing. How did you get that?" The man pulls out a bottle and tells him to rub it and make a wish. He rubs the bottle, and a puff of smoke pops out and tells him that he can have one wish. So the man thinks and says, "I wish I had a million bucks." The genie says, "OK, go outside, and your wish will be granted." The man goes outside, but all he finds are ducks filling the sky and roads. He goes back in and tells his friend what happend, and his friend replies, "I know. Did you really think I wanted a 12-inch pianist?" 3. A horse walks into a bar. The barman asks, "Why the long face?" 4. What did the duck say when the waiter brought the check? Put it on my bill! 5. So, Johnny and his girl Sally are going to prom this Saturday. But, before they can go, Johnny needs to make sure they have a perfect night. So, Friday comes, and Johnny goes out to get his tuxedo. When he gets to the tux rental store, there's this ridiculously long line. But he needs the tux, so Johnny waits. And he waits, and waits until finally, he has his tux. Next, he needs a limo. So he goes to the limousine rental shop and finds that there's an even longer line there. But he needs the limo, so he waits. And he waits, and waits, and waits, until finally, he has the limo ordered. Johnny realizes he needs some new kicks, so he stops by a shoe store to get himself some nice shoes. When he goes to pay, he sees the longest line yet. But he needs the shoes, so he waits. And he waits, and waits, and waits, and waits, and waits, until finally, he's got his new shoes. Saturday, Johnny's ready to pick up his girl. He drives over to her house, picks her up, and they head to prom. At the dance, they're having a great time, dancing, playing at the casino, hanging out with friends. Soon, though, Sally gets thirsty, and asks Johnny for a drink. Being the good guy he is, Johnny obliges. So Johnny walks over to the punch table, and what do you know... *there's no punch line*.
A man walks into a bar and asks for 2 drinks A guy walks into a bar and says, "Bartender, I'd like two shots of whiskey; one for me and one for my best friend."  The bartender says, "Do you want me to wait until he gets here?"  The guy says, "He's here already," and takes a 6-inch tall man from his pocket and sets him on the bar.   The bartender is amazed and asks, "Are you sure he can take a full shot?"  The guy nods so the bartender pours the shots. Sure enough, the little man takes the shot just fine.  The bartender says, "That's incredible! What else can he do?"  The guy pulls a coin out of his pocket and flips it down the bar. The little man runs down, picks it up, and carries it back. The bartender is shocked. He asks, "Well, can he talk?"  The guy replies, "Of course he can talk! Hey, Charlie, tell the bartender about that time you called that witch doctor an asshole."
Two Dragons walk into a bar Dragon 1: It's hot in here  Dragon 2: Shut your mouth  &amp;#x200B;
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar... The first one asks for one glass, the second asks for half, the third asks for a fourth, and so on. The bartender puts 2 glasses on the counter and says “Sort it out yourselves”
Two guys walk into a bar The third one ducks
A man walks into a shop and sees a cute little dog. He asks the shopkeeper, "Does your dog bite?" The shopkeeper says, "No, my dog does not bite."  The man tries to pet the dog and the dog bites him.  "Ouch!" He says, "I thought you said your dog does not bite!"  The shopkeeper replies, "That is not my dog!" 
A Chinese spy wearing a tuxedo walks into a Russian bar. He says to the bartender, “The name is Wong. Li Wong. I’ll have a martini. Shaken, not stirred.”    “Gin or vodka?” Asks the bartender.    “Surprise me.” Replies Li.      The bartender makes the martini, gives it to Li and says, “If you can guess the name of the alcohol, it’s on the house.”    Li takes a contemplative sip and says, “It’s Grey Goose vodka, I’m sure.”    “Absolut, Li Wong.” The Russian says. “Also poison.”
Guy walks into bar starts talking to this chick In the middle of the conversation the woman says "hey you look that guy I saw on the news that has been kidnapping and raping women"!?"  "Hmmm, weird coincidence" the guy said  Guy: "Hey! Does this smell like chloroform?"
A Russian, American and a Chinese man walk into a bar Barman : "Is this supposed to be a joke?" 
A blind man walks into a bar... A blind man walks into a bar, without know its a lesbian bar, and says to the bartender:  "I have the world's best blonde joke. You wanna hear it?"   The bartender says "Hey, just so you know, I'm the world champion in wrestling. The girl next to you is the world champion in taekwondo and that girl over there is the world champion in kickboxing, and we're all blonde. Are you sure you still want to tell that joke?"  The guy replies "Haha, no thanks. I don't really feel like explaining the joke three times over."
3 guys walk into a bar. You'd think the 3rd guy would have ducked.
A man walks into a bar with a pet Aligator So a man walks into a bar with his pet alligator and the bartender says "woah there buddy we don't allow dangerous murdering animals in here" and the guy responds "no, no it's totally tame I'll prove it" he unzipps his pants and then tells the aligator "open", it opens it mouth and he sets his 'junk' in it. After a few minutes he puts it back in his pants and says "see, perfectly tame. Now would anyone else like to try? Guy at the end of the bar says "yeah, but I don't think I can hold my mouth open that long" EDIT: wording
An Oxford comma walks into a bar, where it spends the evening watching the television getting drunk and smoking cigars. A question mark walks into a bar?
A man walks into a subshop and orders the largest sandwich... After eating half the sandwich he takes it back up the the counter and says "I give my condiments to the chef."
Three people with OCD walk into a bar... ...and the bartender says, What would you like to order?
A giraffe walks into a bar... And says the highballs are on me.
A guy walks into a library... A man walks in to a library and asks the librarian, "MAY I HAVE A HOTDOG?" The librarian whispers, "sir, this is a library." The man answers, "I'm so sorry" now whispering the man says,"may I have a hotdog?"
A new mafia member walks into his first mafia meeting Luigi greets him at the door and while pointing says, "That's fat Tony,  that's tiny Tony,  that's rigatoni"
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first one orders one pint, the second one also orders 1 pint (astonishing the barman because he thought it was a repost), the third orders 1/2 a pint, the fourth orders 1/6th of a pint, the fifth orders 1/24th of a pint and so on. The bartender sees where this is going and says, "I'm all out of alcohol tonight, but I figure this might help you.", as he scribbled a number on a paper and passed it.   As the first mathematician dialled '27182-81828' and called the number, a voice picked up on the other side, "Hello, this is Descartes Lubricants, how can I help you?". Then they realised.  The barman had given them the Oiler's Number.
Three women walk into a bar and are talking about how loose they are, The first one fits a hot dog, the second a cucumber and the last one slides down the bar stool.
Two whales walk into a bar The first one goes, "WOOOOOAAAAAAAOOOOOOOAAHHHHH".  The second one goes, "Steve, what the hell was that?".   Edit: I got this from an /r/tinder post
A wood tick walks into a bar... Thirty minutes later he takes his seat on a barstool between two ravishing women. The bartender says, "You chose a nice spot between Mary and Mary. What would you like, friend?"  The wood tick replies, "Nothing, thanks." Looking left and then right, he continues, "I'll make my own Bloody Marys." 
The past, present and future walk into a bar. It was tense
A man walks into a bank with a gun and demands money from the cashier. As he's backing out of the bank with a bag cash, he takes two men as hostages. He forces the hostages to walk outside at gunpoint.  "Run that way!" he shouts. They run down the street with the gunman following. "Turn there!" he says, pointing to a dark alley to one side. All three run to the dead-end of the alley. The gunman pushes the hostages against a wall. He points the gun at the first man and asks him a question. "Did you see me rob that bank?"  "Well, yeah." stammers the man. BANG! The gunman points the gun at the second hostage. "Did YOU see me rob that bank??" "NO!" the man shouts. "Uh, but...my wife did."
A man walks into a bar with a double split And know that you’ve read this he doesn’t. 
A shy guy walks into a bar... ... and sees a a beautiful girl. After an hour, he goes to try talking to her:  -Excuse me, can we talk for some minutes?  Afterwards, the girl screams:  -NO! I Don't wanna sleep with you!  Now everyone in the bar looks weird to them. Obviously, the guy, ashamed, goes back to his table and asks for a beer. Several minutes later, the girl comes to him, smiles and tell him:  -Sorry if i made you feel bad. I'm studying psychology and checking how people reacts in awkward situations. After that, the guy screams:  -WHAT? $200?
A lich walks into a tavern The whole place fell silent. The customers have heard tales of their existence, but most have never seen a lich before. The lich plops himself down at the bar counter, a few seats away from a human warrior and his busty mage companion. They exchanged looks.  "Whoa," the mage whispered. "It's an actual skeleton."  The warrior nodded his head, eyes narrowing. "I think we've met before."  The two watched as the lich ordered a drink. When it arrived, he downed it quickly. Funnily enough, the liquid didn't end up trickling down his bones.  "It is him!" The warrior exclaimed.   The mage watched as the warrior stormed over to the lich. They ended up arguing furiously. To her bewilderment, the skeleton started blushing. Ignoring the biological impossibility of that, the warrior pressed on, getting angrier and angrier by the second. The mage, being curious, walked over and sat herself next to them.  "...I told you, it wasn't me!" The lich argued, skull still glowing red.  "But you're blushing! You know we slept together that one time!" the warrior protested.  "I'm not blushing! And I'm. Not. Gay! I am NOT into men!"  The lich paused, as if he were trying to recall something.   "If we did sleep together, I was probably drunk. And you definitely were too! I mean, you're pretty cute but why would we even..."   He trailed off. The three stared at each other.   "Uh," the lich continued lamely. "Cute, but in a platonic way, I mean. Because I'm not gay. And we have not slept together. Ever."  The warrior stared at him indignantly.   Before the situation could escalate, the mage waved her hands frantically. "Boys! Boys! Stop fighting!"   She pulled her companion aside, glaring fiercely.   "Honestly, Jim, this is hardly the time or place to be dragging skeletons out of the closet."
Four accountants walk into an office Alright.&lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; Four accountants walk into a tax attorney&amp;apos;s office. One works for a big corporation, one works for the city, another does forensic work for a bank and one just has private clients. The tax attorney knows the three but has never met the fourth. &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; The first accountant walks up to the tax attorney and drops an envelope on his desk. &amp;quot;That&amp;apos;s seventeen hundred dollars right there,&amp;quot; he says the the second accountant, &amp;quot;can you beat that?&amp;quot;&lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; The second accountant looks at the first, then to the tax attorney, then back the the first accountant. &amp;quot;Sure,&amp;quot; he says, &amp;quot;in fact, I have twenty-two hundred in cash right here,&amp;quot; and plops down an even bigger envelope on the desk, &amp;quot;Is that what you had in mind?&amp;quot; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; By now the third accountant is really animated and is waving his arms around, &amp;quot;Wait, wait, WAIT,&amp;quot; he starts yelling and reaches frantically into his sportcoat, &amp;quot;I can do better!&amp;quot; He pulls out an envelope as big as the first two combined and throws it at the tax attorney, who catches it with both hands. &amp;quot;That&amp;apos;s FIVE THOUSAND dollars right there, take it or leave it.&amp;quot; &lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; The tax attorney looks at all three envelops and then at each of the three accountants. &amp;quot;Well,&amp;quot; he says, &amp;quot;I&amp;apos;ve heard a lot from you three, and I know you well. I see now you&amp;apos;re all serious and want to make this right. But before I decide, I think I&amp;apos;d like to hear what our guest here has to say.&amp;quot;&lt;br&gt; &lt;br&gt; The fourth accountant doesn&amp;apos;t say anything. You can hear a pin drop. Right then out of nowhere he looks directly at the tax attorney, pulls out his check book and says, &amp;quot;I am prepared to write you a check for ten thousand dollars. Two thousand for you, two thousand for me, and two thousand each to pay these guys off!&amp;quot;
A guy walks into a bar... His alcoholism is tearing his family apart.
A Atheist,Vegan, and athlete walk into a bar, I only know them because they told everyone in the first 5 minutes
A chicken walks into a bar.. ..and orders five flagons of mead. After the fourth alcoholic beverage, the bartender asks him..  &amp;nbsp;   "Hey buddy why the long fac..oh wait not a horse lol."  &amp;nbsp;   The chicken gulps down his fifth drink and laments.  &amp;nbsp;   "You see, that otter living down by the river beside my place is driving me otter-ly mad! All he does is get stone and crack some otter-ly terrible puns! I've decided, I uhh..otter kill him tonight for my sanity so I'm drinking buckets so I don't uhh..chicken out!"  &amp;nbsp;   "Buddy you otter know that the hypocrisy is not lost on me. Anyway. I know a guy who could help you with that."  &amp;nbsp;   "Who?"  &amp;nbsp;   "There's this apothecary nearby who specialises in poisons that cause violent and humiliating deaths in otters. Would you like to know more?"  &amp;nbsp;   "Whoa."  &amp;nbsp;   "Legend has it that: Should an otter ingest but a single drop of this poison he will piss and shit himself, before burning his worldly possessions then renouncing his faith and blaspheming his family. After slitting the throat of his children and disemboweling himself, he will claw out his eyes, then castrate himself while walking down the street spraying blood from every orifice, before finally exploding and dying from blood loss. Oh and best of all he will livestream the whole thing for your viewing pleasure. It is known."  &amp;nbsp;   "Sounds clucking awesome! Where do I find it?"  &amp;nbsp;   The bartender gestures at a spot outside the bar.  &amp;nbsp;   "Where else?"  &amp;nbsp;   "Ah." &amp;nbsp;   &amp;nbsp;   And so the chicken left the bar and crossed the road..to get to the otter-cide.  &amp;nbsp;   
A bear walks into a bar. He sits down, and motions over the bartender.    Bartender says “hey, man, what’ll ya have?”  Bear says “I would like a....................beer.”  “Sure.  But why the long pause?”  “I don’t know, I’ve had them since I was a cub.”
a dyslexic customer walks into a bra "how much for a beer?"  The bratender replies "$1".  The customer completely amazed, orders a beer then asks the bratender  "Well then how much for a NY sirloin, with side of mashed potatoes and salad, and an entire cheesecake for desert?"  The Bratender reply's "$5".  The guy still amazed then orders everything and after he is done eating his meal then says "Wow, this place is amazing, I really wish I could meet the owner of this place". The bratender then says "Oh well, he's upstairs in his office with my wife".  The guy looks all confused then asks  "What is he doing upstairs in his office with your wife?"  The bratender then says "The same thing I'm doing to his business".
An Ancient Greek walks into a tailor shop with a pair of torn pants... “Euripides?” says the tailor.  “Yep, Eumenides?” replies the man.
A grasshopper walks into a bar. A grasshopper walks into a bar and says to the bartender “I’ll have one scotch thanks.” The bartender, amazed says to the grasshopper: “You know we have a drink named after you.”  The grasshopper looks at the man confused.  “What, you have a drink named Kevin?”
A roman walks into a bar... He holds up two fingers and says "five beers please".
A few friends and I walk into a restaurant. I order a steak. When the waiter asks me if I would like my steak well done, medium rare, or rare; I reply with "I like my steaks legendary."
A man walks into a bar after a hard day of work... He sits down at the bar and orders a drink.  The bartender asks the man if he'd like a little live music.  The man says "sure".  The bartender snaps his fingers, and out of a little door at the end of the bar comes a little man in a tuxedo who only stands about a foot high.  The little man walks over to an equally little piano and starts playing the most beautiful music he'd ever hear.  After a few songs the little man closes the piano and exits through the door.  The man at the bar, mouth agape, asks "Where did you get that?"  The bartender says, "I wished for him".  "What do you mean, you WISHED for him?"  The bartender reaches under the counter and pulls out a magic lamp.  "Just give the lamp a rub and you'll have a wish granted by the genie who lives within.  The man grabs the lamp and proceeds to polish it with his shirt.  POOF, in a cloud of pink and purple smoke a genie appears.  "What wish may I grant you?" says the genie.  "Well...uh..." the man stammers, "how about a million bucks?"  "As you wish", says the genie and POOF, wall to wall and neck deep the entire bar is filled with quacking ducks.  The man exclaims, "What's this?  I didn't ask for a million ducks!"  "Yeah", says the bartender, "and I didn't ask for a 12 inch pianist".
How far can you walk into a desert? Halfway, because then you're walking out.
A guy walks into the hospital to get his prostate exam When the doctor asked him to drop his pants there is a small tattoo that you can barely see that is above his penis. The doctor walks out laughing hysterically and tells the nurse to look. The nurse looks and comes out 20 minutes later. The doctor asked the nurse “what took so long when you were just looking at his small tattoo?” The nurse replied with “ the tattoo says ‘I’m part of the navy’, trust me I got multiple good looks”
Mr Robinson walks into a store looking for a sweater He finds 2 sweaters that he likes equally and takes them to the counter as the price tags were missing.  The lady at the counter looks them up and says " The green one is $50  and the beige one is $450" Mr Robinson is taken aback " So much price differnece for very similar, actually exactly the same looking and feeling sweaters??" The lady explains " The green one is made from regular wool and the beige one is made from virgin wool" Mr Robinson asks " And thats the only dufference?" The lady confirms "Yes, that is the only difference." Mr Robinson says " I will take the $50 cause i dont care if the sheep is getting fucked or not.!!"
A guy walks into Baskin Robbins Walks up to the counter and asks the employee   "What all flavors do you guys have?"  The employee names off all 31 flavors and the guy says   "I'll take a pint of chocolate"   The employee says "I'm sorry sir but we don't have any chocolate"   The guy says "Hmm, well what do you guys have?"   So the employee tells him all 31 flavors again   The guy says "Ok, I'll take a quart of chocolate"  The employee says "I'm sorry Sir, but we don't have any chocolate!"   So the guy says "Oh.... Ok... Well what do you have?"  Annoyed, the employee tells him once more all 31 flavors   The guy says "Ok, I'll take a half gallon of chocolate"  The employee looks at him and asks him  "Sir, how do you spell blue in blueberry?"   Guy: "B-L-U-E"   Employee: "And straw in strawberry?"   Guy: "S-T-R-A-W"   Employee: "How about fuck in chocolate?   Guy: "What? There's no fuck in chocolate?"  Employee: "That's what I've been trying to tell you!!!"
A woman walks into a Scottish man’s bakery. She asks how much for bread buns.  “It’s £2 for six” replies the baker  The woman says: “It’s a lovely offer, but i think I’ll just buy some bread buns please.”
A man and his dog walk into a bar and are immediately thrown out because no pets are allowed.
A vulture walks into an airplane with a rotting corpse. The flight attendant screams, “You cannot bring that on this plane.” The vulture says, “It’s just my carrion.”
Three blind guys walk into a bar. Oof.
2 blondes walk into a building. You think one of them would have seen it. 
A giraffe walks into a Californian bar.... And says to the bartender "I'll have a bourbon and coke and 27 straws please,  all joined together to make one large straw"  the bartender,  while perturbed,  fulfills the giraffes order.  Painstakingly joining all straws together.    The next day the giraffe comes back and orders the same.  This time the bartender is irate but grudgingly connects 27 straws together and pours a bourbon and coke.    Again the next day in trots the giraffe and this time orders the same but says "I'm going away on a business trip tomorrow so you won't see me again"  This time the bartender is furious so he vaults over the bar and begins to  pummel the giraffe in the chest while yelling "that's the last straw! "
A mathematican walks into a bar... He orders a drink and the bartender delivers it instantly..  He replies, " sinQ/cosQ "
A helium atom walks into a bar. The bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve noble gases in here." The helium doesn't react. 
2 chemists walk into a bar. One asks for H2O, and the other one asks for some water. The bartender passes two glasses of water down the bar.  "Why did you have to say water like that?" asks the second chemist. The other one is sad that his assassination plan did not work.
A guy walks into a bar..... He then fainted because of the hard blow on his head. 
A girl walks into a bar and notices a large attractive dark man talking to his friends in a thick foreign accent. The girl walks up to the man and says: "I love your accent, where are you from?"  "I'm Liberian" replies the man  "Oh I'm sorry" Whispers the girl. "ᴵ ˡᵒᵛᵉ ʸᵒᵘʳ ᵃᶜᶜᵉⁿᵗ, ʷʰᵉʳᵉ ᵃʳᵉ ʸᵒᵘ ᶠʳᵒᵐˀ"
A Roman walks into a bar and asks for a Martinus….  “You mean a martini?” the bartender asks. The Roman replies, “If I wanted a double, I would have asked for it!"
A person walks into a refrigerator. "Shit, it's cold in here", he thinks.   He then gets out, because prolonged exposure to such conditions may cause hypothermia. 
Man walks into a bar and pauses: at the other end of the bar, there's this guy with a big orange head. Man walks into a bar and pauses: at the other end of the bar, there's this guy with a big orange head. Just kind of sitting there, mooning into his drink. So the man asks the bartender, "Say, what's up with the guy with the big orange head?" And the bartender says, "It's an interesting story. Buy him a drink and maybe he'll tell it to you."  So the man walks over and introduces himself and offers to buy a round. The guy with the big orange head says, "Yeah, I'll bet you want to know the story, huh?" To which the man replies, "Sure, if you don't mind."  The man with the big orange head sighs and says, "You know, I've gone over it in my mind a million times. Basically, it's like this: I was walking along the beach one day, when I stubbed my toe on something. I looked down, and there was an antique brass lamp. I picked it up and dusted it off a little -- when all of a sudden this enormous genie pops out!  "The genie thundered, 'You have released me from my ten-thousand year imprisonment, and I am in your debt. I will grant you three wishes as a token of my gratitude.'  The man at the bar is agape. The guy with the big orange head continues: "So I said, 'Wow, okay. Well, my first wish is to be fantastically wealthy.'  "The genie says, 'Your wish is granted.' And all of a sudden I have rings on my fingers and a crown on my head, and my wallet is full of money and a dozen ATM cards and the deed to a mansion in the hills -- I mean, I was loaded!  "So I said, 'Amazing! Okay, for my next wish , I want to be married to the most beautiful woman in the world.'  "The genie says, 'Your wish is granted.' And the ocean parts, and out walks this gorgeous woman in this beautiful dress, and she takes my hand and we fall in love and the genie marries us right there. It was incredible.  "The genie booms, 'You have one wish remaining.'"  The man with the big orange head pauses and sips his beer. He says, "Now, you know, this may be where I went wrong. I wished for a big orange head.
A young backpacker walks into a bar He orders a beer and sits next to an old Irish man.  "You like this bar?" The old man asked.  "I built it all by myself, and do they call me Gregor the bar builder? No"  "You see that stone wall across the street? I built that by hand. Brought all of those stones down from the mountain I did, and do they call me Gregor the wall builder? No!"  "You see that wharf over there? I cut all of those planks by hand and made it by myself, and do they call me Gregor the wharf builder? Of course not!"  "But you fuck a goat one time"   
A woman walks into a bar and orders a Double Entendre. The bartender tells her, "Hold on while I get it from the back."
Two goats walk into a mosque.... And the priest welcomed Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Muhammad Ali to his sermon. 
A gorilla walks into a bar. He goes to the counter, slides ten bucks to the bartender and asks for a beer. The bartender takes his money and thinks, "He's a gorilla, what does he know about prices?" He hands the gorilla his beer, slides him back fifteen cents, and says, "You know, we don't get many gorillas in here these days."  The gorilla sips his beer and says, "Yeah, and at nine-eighty-five a drink, I ain't coming back either." 
3 men walk into a bar. The first one gets naked and sells his clothes. The second one punches himself with a chair and sues the barman. The third one challenges a service dog to a dance-off for a reward. Who made the biggest profit that night? Their drug dealer
An engineer and a gender-studies grad walk into a McDonald The gender-studies grad turns to engineer and says "Just wait here until I get behind the counter and take your order"
A guy walks into a pub and sees a sign hanging over the bar that reads: CHEESEBURGER: $1.50   CHICKEN SANDWICH: $2.50   HAND JOB: $10.00  He walks up to the bar and beckons one of the three exceptionally attractive blondes serving drinks.   "Can I help you?" she asks.   "I was wondering," whispers the man. "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?"  "Yes," she purrs. "I am."  The man replies, "Well, wash your hands. I want a cheeseburger."
A duck walks into a bar... A duck walks into a bar and looks around confused. The bear, bartender at the bar asks: -How can I help? -Do you have bread? -Sorry pal we don't. -Do you have bread? -Did you heat me stutter?! No we don't have any! -Do you have bread? -NO, WE DO NOT HAVE BREAD HERE, IT IS A BAR! -Do you have bread? -If you ask this one more time, I swear I am nailing your beak shut! -Do you have nails then? -What's wrong with you? Of course we do not. -Then... Do you have bread? 
A man walks into work with two black eyes. His boss asks what happened.  The man says, "I was sitting behind a big woman at church. When we stood up to sing hymns, I noticed that her dress was caught in her crack, so I pulled it out. She turned around and punched me square in the eye."  "Where did you get the other shiner?" the boss asks.  "Well," the man says, "I figured she preferred it in the crack, so I pushed it back in."
Two men walk into a bar. The third man has the sense to duck while the midget walks by and giggles.
A woman walks into a bar and asks the bartender for an innuendo So he gives it to her
A man walks into a bar and sees a 1 foot tall guy playing the piano. Astonished the man asks the bartender,  “where in gods name did you find such a small man playing the piano?!”   “There is a genie out back granting wishes but..”  Before the bartender could finish his sentence the patron was out the door to search for the genie.   Sure enough the genie was out back granting wishes.   “I wish for a 50 bucks!” And just like that the genie had given the man 50 deer with beautiful big antlers.   Disappointed the man goes back inside to the bartender and told him the genie was horrible at granting wishes.   The bartender not surprised, looks at the man and says “Well yeah did you think I really wanted a 12 inch pianist?” 
A string walks into a bar... A string walks into a bar with a few friends and orders a beer. The bartender says, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve strings here."  The string goes back to his table. He ties himself in a loop and messes up the top of his hair. He walks back up to the bar and orders a beer.  The bartender squints at him and says, "Hey, aren't you a string?"  The string says, "Nope, I'm a frayed knot."
Guy walks into a bar with an octopus... and bets anyone in the bar $100 if they have a musical instrument his octopus can’t play he’ll pay them $10,000. A man immediately hops up with a harmonica, confident he had won the money. But the octopus shows expert skill with the harmonica, receiving a round of applause from the other patrons. Another man hesitantly proceeds with a banjo, laying it on a stool next to the octopus. The octopus eyed the man unwaveringly and reached for the instrument with a single tentacle and pulled it into a familiar position. The man already knew he was beaten before a note was played, not that it stopped the octopus from chopping down a bluegrass solo that elicited another round of applause from a now growing crowd. Then a third man placed a set of bagpipes at the foot of the octopus who had become silent and seemed to apprehend this instrument with a quiet awe. He inspected it closely, then pulled it to one side, then lifted it above and examined it from underneath. His partner now becoming worried leaned in, “Hurry up and play it! There’s a line of people with instruments out here we’re gonna make a fortune!” But the octopus remained diligently observing the bagpipes. “Play it? If I can figure out how to get these pajamas off I’m gonna fuck it!”
A bunch of Redditers walk into the bar... R1: knock knock  R2: what?  R1: where’s the joke at?  R3: look in the comments...  R4: Downvoted.  R5: this is a repost!  R5; no it’s not...  R6: *in the corner watching everything but not saying a word*
What happens when Bill Gates walks into a bar of 88 people? The "average" net worth jumps to more than a billion dollars!
A blind man walks into a bar with his seeing eye dog. He takes firm grip on the leash, and starts swinging the dog around and around over his head.  Another patron walks up to him and asks him what the hell he is doing.  The blind man replies, "I'm just taking a look around."
A guy walks into a bar... ...with a slab of asphalt under his arm. He says to the bartender "I'll take a drink, and one for the road."
So a redditor walks into a bar.. The bartender says, "what'll you have?"  "It's been so long since I've had a good laugh", replies the redditor. "I'll give you $100 if you can tell me a joke I haven't heard before."  "That sounds easy enough", replies the bartender.  "I should warn you", the redditor says, "I browse /r/jokes so I've heard them all over and over and over again".  Curious, the bartender pulls out his phone and browses /r/jokes for a few minutes.  "How about this?" he asks, "A man is driving through a remote forested area at night when his car breaks down next to an old monastery..."  "Heard it.", interrupts the redditor. "It's reposted every month."  The bartender apologies and starts scrolling on his phone for a few more minutes.  "Ooh, here we go, so why did the turkey cross the road.. "  "Heard it!!", the redditor snaps. "that's reposted every week!"  The bartender is flustered but tries again, furiously browsing the subreddit. "Aha! This one is sure to impress.. What is Donald Trump's favorite nation? "  "No, no, no!!!", the redditor cries out. "That joke is reposted every day!"  "OK, OK, please give me one more try", the bartender pleads. He scrolls furiously through his phone. "Nope... nope... nope... YES!! This is a great one!"  "OK, lay it on me", the redditor asks eagerly.  "Here it is", the bartender replies. "So a redditor walks into a bar..."
A pirate walks into the doctors office with a steering wheel on his penis The Doctor asks "Sir, doesn't that hurt?" and the Pirate replies "Aye, it be driving me nuts!"
A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West  A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old West. He slides up to the bar and announces: ''I'm looking for the man who shot my paw.''
Panda Walks Into a Bar A panda walks into a bar. He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves.  The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house. "You owe me money," she says.  "For what?"  The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute."  The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money."  The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda -- look it up." She is about to protest when the bear hands her the dictionary.  The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary. It says, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves."
Sherlock Holmes walks into a bar... He greets the bartender and takes a seat at a booth. As he is sitting, a man starts staring at him. The man comes up to Holmes and asks the question, "Are you the real Sherlock?". Holmes replies yes. They talk and talk until the man offers Holmes a pill, due to being drunk and unaware of the consequences, he takes the pill and swallows it. Around thirty minutes later, Sherlock has to go to the restroom. He walks into a stall and sits, only to find out that he can't seem to get anything out. Just as he realized it was probably the pill that did this, the man slams open the stall door and yells, "NO SHIT SHERLOCK".
Sarah Jessica Parker walks into a bar And the bartender says 'why the long face?'.
3 scientists walk into a bar. One scientist asks "may I have some h20" The other says "H202" The third, after seeing the 1st scientists long prison history thinks about a joke his dad told him. The bartender had a smirk on his face, which alerts the 3rd scientist further to the plan. The second scientist was his friend. He had to do something. He said, Ill have some h202, but boil it. The bartender is confused, but obliges. Scientist 3 knows hydrogen peroxide will explode at 150° so he is prepared. If scientist 1 saw him telling 2 he would get stabbed. This was his plan. The "water" was heating up and exploded. The bartender passed out.   The 3rd scientists, seeing that he will not get his goal goes to the bathroom and weeps. Scientist 2 had the last part and his assassination plot failed. He was close to but needed 1 last piece. He curled up into a ball and realized because of scientist 3 he would never have all of the parts to a good joke he would be included in. 
A gay walks into a bar And that's what happened officer 
A man walks into a bar Poor guy...
A one-eyed girl walks into a bar... After a short while she sneezes, and her glass eye flies out of its socket.  The guy sitting next to her manages to grab it and hands it back to her.  "Thanks," she says.  So they start talking, and she winds up taking him back to her apartment. She makes him a terrific dinner, then gives him a night of the most mind-blowing sex he's ever had. Finally she makes him a huge breakfast the next morning.  The man is happy, but he still feels the need to ask "Do you do this for every man you meet?"  "No. You just happened to catch my eye."
A college professor and a student walk into a classroom The teacher begins to lecture about how easy it is to manipulate other people.  A student, skeptical, says, "Yeah, right!"  To which the professor calls up the student and tells him, "If you give me $15 and do a funny dance in front of the class, I will give you an A on the first test."  He complies, doing a silly dance and handing the professor $15.  "See, this is how easy it is to manipulate other people."  The student asks, "How did you accomplish that?"  To which the professor responds, "It's Psychology 101 really."
The past, present, and future walk into a bar... Man, it was tense.
Mike walks into a bar and sees Pat sitting at the end of the bar with a great big smile on his face. Mike says, "Pat, what are you so happy for?"  "Well Mike, I gotta tell ya... Yesterday I was out waxin' my boat, just waxin' my boat, and a redhead came up to me.. tits out to here, Mike. Tits out to here! She says, 'Can I have a ride in your boat?'  I said 'Sure you can have a ride in my boat.' So I took her way out, Mike. I turned off the key and I said 'It's either screw or swim!' She couldn't swim, Mike. She couldn't swim!"  The next day Mike walks into a bar and sees Pat sitting at the end of the bar with a even bigger smile on his face. Mike says, "What are you happy about today Pat?"  "Well Mike.... I gotta tell ya... Yesterday I was out waxin' my boat, just waxin' my boat and a BEAUTIFUL blond came up to me...tits out to here, Mike. Tits out to here! She said 'Can I have a ride in your boat?'  I told her 'Sure you can have a ride in my boat.' So I took her way out, Mike. Way out much further than the last one. I turned off the key and I said, 'It's either screw or swim!' She couldn't swim, Mike! She couldn't swim!"  A couple days pass and Mike walks into a bar and sees Pat down there cryin' over a beer. Mike says, "Pat, what are you so sad for?"  "Well Mike, I gotta tell ya.... Yesterday I was out waxin' my boat, just waxin' my boat, and the most desirable brunette came up to me... tits WAY out to here, Mike. Tits WAY out to here. She says, 'Can I have a ride in your boat?'  So I said, 'Sure you can have a ride in my boat.' So I took her way out, Mike, way WAY out... much further than the last two.  I turned off the key, and looked at her tits and said 'It's either screw or swim!'  She pulled down her pants and.....She had a pecker, Mike! She had this great BIG pecker! ... and I can't swim Mike! I can't swim!"
A man walks into a small bank There is no queue and a single teller who he approaches, a big smile on their face visible after a quick glance around:  "Hey, you know something? I like my banks how I like my ladies."  The teller rolls her eyes before asking "How?"  While pulling out a handgun, the man answered:  "Insecure."
A guy walks into a bar with a pistol that shoots blanks. The bartender says "you can stay, but don't start anything."
An eleven year old walks into a bar... Just kidding, he's underage, he can't do that.
An idiot walks into a bar The bartender says, "Mr. President!"
Three men walk into a bar Fourth one ducks
A repost and a shitty one-liner walk into r/Jokes The mod, using all his strength, manages to say with a straight face:   "Sorry, we only allow high quality content in here."  The two jokes look concerned for a few seconds, but by then the mod couldn't control himself and bursts out laughing:  "Hahahaha, I was just messing with you; come on in!"  So the two walk into r/Jokes.  &amp;nbsp;  As soon as the mod regained control of himself, a high quality joke walks in.   The mod immediately says, "Sorry, we don't allow quality content here."  The joke is surprised and looks over the mod's shoulder and sees the repost and shitty one-liner hanging out with other reposts, shitty one-liners, and terrible puns.   "But how come they got in?"  "We only allow those types of jokes, sorry, I'm gonna have to kill you"  The joke exclaims, "But that's racist!"  "Didn't your maker tell you that mods are Nazis?"  "No, he just told me that my purpose in life was to earn him upvotes in r/Jokes, and that mods were gay or bundles of sticks or something like that."  "Well he lied to you, and I'm not surprised."  "Nooooo!"  And with that the mod deleted the poor defenseless joke while it was still experiencing great sadness.   &amp;nbsp;  Just as the mod was about to congratulate himself on removing another high-quality post, another slightly offensive high-quality post walks in.  "Sorry, we don't allow high qual-"  "I know how the system works, but I have something to offer you."  "Oh yeah? What could you possibl-"  The joke replies with a cunning glint in his eye, "If you let me in, you can post the reports and gain karma."  "The entrance is right behind me, sorry for the trouble." 
A man walks into a bar... He orders ten drugs drinks and chugs then in 30 seconds. The bartender thinks this is amazing so he pours him another ten and bets him $10 dollars he can't do it again. The man says "fuck off you stupid barTENder" 
A jumper cable walks into a bar. The bartender says... “I’ll serve you, but don’t start anything.”
A guy walks into a crowded local bar... A guy walks into a crowded local bar, holding a pistol in his hand and yelling, “I have a 45 caliber pistol here with seven rounds in the barrel plus one in the chamber and I want to know who’s been sleeping with my wife.” A voice from the other end of the bar called out, “You’ll need more ammo”
A man walks into a french restseraunt during WW2 A man walks into a french resteraunt during world war 2  Man: Could i have a pizza  French Waiter: sorry thats italian food  Man: Paella?  French Waiter: Sorry thats spanish food  Man: for gods sake, Brotwurst?  French Waiter: Sorry thats german  Man: God damn it i give up  French Waiter: Now your speaking my language    
A man walks into the Doctor's "Doctor, Doctor! I've got a sore throat."    The doctor goes,  "I know how to fix this, stand by the window and stick your tongue out."    The man complies and stands by the window for a good 5 to 10 minutes sticking his tongue out before he can't stand it anymore.    "Doctor, this seems ridiculous, are you sure it's going to help my sore throat?"    "No, I just don't like the man across the road."
A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. After having the beer, he asks the bartender for the bill.   "$3", says the bartender.   The man just for fun goes on and places a $1 coin on the three ends of the table. The bartender gives him a bad look but has no other option but to pick them up.   This happened for 3-4 days and everyday the bartender felt humiliated.   The next day, he orders a beer but couldn't find three $1 coins to pay the bill. So, he hands the bartender a $5 note. Now, the bartender gets all excited and thinks that it is his day to avenge the hard time he had because of this man. He then places the two $1 coins at the opposite ends of the table.  Now, with a shrewd smile and with all the excitement he goes to the man and says, "Go on, collect your change".  The man then takes out a $1 coin from his pocket and puts it in front of the bartender and says, "One more beer please." 
Guy walks into a bar with booster cables around his neck... Bartender says: Hey man, don't come in here starting shit. 
A Nazi walks into a bar and finds a guy called Kyle He sits down, and Kyle tells him 'I bet I can make that dude over there disappear'. The Nazi, after seeing the skull cap on the man, agrees but says 'I don't think it's goanna work'. Kyle ignores this, and waves his hands three times, then points dramatically at him.   Nothing happens.  He tries again, this time focusing even harder than before.  Still nothing.  The Nazi, getting tired of Kyle as he tried a third time and failed, stood up.   'One more try' said Kyle, visibly embarrassed.   'Ok, fine, but I think you're full of shit' replied the Nazi  Kyle jump up and down around in circles around the man, to no avail, only garnering dirty looks.  The Nazi, now totally sick of his shenanigans, raised his arm in exasperation and screamed 'SEE KYLE?'
A man walks into a luxury bar and asks for a Tequilla Sunrise.... He then pulls out a piano and 12" piano player. Piano player plays most beautiful music you have ever heard. Bartender falls in love with the music.   The guy then pulls out a lamp. Bartender asks, "What's in the lamp?" Guy says, "Genie! What else?" Bartender does not believe the guy. Guy summons genie. Genie says, "Okay. What do you want? Only one wish." Bartender says, "A million bucks." Genie grants wish.   Bartender waits. And waits. All of a sudden. One duck comes out of the women's bathroom, followed by a line of ducks. Bartender says to the guy, "Shit, I think the genie thought I wished for a million ducks." Guy says, "And you think I really wished for a 12" pianist?"
A narcissist, a psychopath and a Machiavellian walk into a bar. The bartender asks, "Which of you is the greatest?"   The narcissist says "Me."   The psychopath says, "I don’t care."   The Machiavellian says, "Whomever I choose..."
A horse walks into bar. It really should have looked where it was going. 
So a cheater, baby, and a small white boy walk into a bar. The Patriots must be in town. 
Hopalong Happychopper walks into the saloon and the bartender says, "Howdy stranger, ain't seen you in these parts, so you must be here to watch the hanging!" Hopalong looks the bartender menacingly in the eyes and replies, "Nope, but seeing we're talking, who are you hanging?" The bartender responds, "Well, ain't you heard cowboy, we gonna string up Brown Paper Rattler mighty high, even the angels are gonna hear his neck break!"  Hopalong asks, "Why they call him Brown Paper Rattler?"  The bartender chuckles, "Why, old Rattler wears a brown paper Stetson, a brown paper waistcoat and even right down to brown paper socks."  Puzzled, Hopalong then asks, "So why you hanging him?"  ...and the bartender replies, "For rustling."
A war horse walks into a bar... The bartender says "why the long film?" 
A grasshopper walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!"  The grasshopper, surprised and pleased, says, "Oh, really? Tom Collins?"  This is my favorite joke. 
Plato and Nietzsche walk into a bar They both order beers and after a while Nietzsche turns to Plato and says "This glass is half empty." Plato reply's "What glass?"  
Man walks into a bar Says ouch
A man walks into a library Man: Hey, have you got the new book about the punchline? Librarian: Sorry, I can't find it. Man: Oh well, that's too bad.
A guy walks into a a Japanese restaurant... Guy: hey, could I get some chilli? Waitress: I'm sorry sir, but this is a Japanese restaurant. Guy:umm... let me rephrase. Herro I'd rike some chirri.
A termite walks into a bar A termite walks into a bar and asks, "Is the bar tender here?"
Helvetica Narrow walks into a bar, #walksintoabar Barman says "sorry don't we serve your type"
An older man walks into a bar wearing a stovepipe hat, a waistcoat, and a phony beard... An older man walks into a bar wearing a stovepipe hat, a waistcoat, and a phony beard. He sits down and orders a drink. As the bartender sets it down, he asks, "Going to a party?"  "Yeah, a costume party," the man answers, "I'm supposed to come dressed as my love life."  "But you look like Abe Lincoln," protests the bartender.  "That's right. My last four scores were seven years ago."
A man walks into a bar with a coconut firmly fixed on his penis, wincing as he sits down. The bartender looks at him and says "say pal, why the long face?" The man looks at him and sighs, "r/TIFU".
Descartes walks into a bar... The bartender says: "would you like a beer?" Descartes replies: "I think not", and he ceases to exist. 
A man walks into a bar and sees a sign that says, "Free Beer For Life If You Can Pass Our Test!" He asks the bartender, "What's this 'test' you have?" The bartender says, "Well first, you gotta chug a gallon of pepper tequilla. Next, you have to go out back and pull the sore tooth out of our angry alligator. And finally, we have a girl up stairs who's never slept with a man, and you gotta go make things right with her."   Laughing, the man exclaims, "Well that sounds like the stupidest test I've ever heard of!"   He leaves to get drunk with his friends. Later that night, the man comes back to the bartender absolutely hammered drunk. "Ok bartender! Let's do this test!"   The bartender hands him a gallon of pepper tequilla, and before he could warn him, the man starts chugging it. Teary eyed and near the point of fainting, the man finishes the gallon and slams it on the counter.   Stunned, the bartender leads him out back to the alligator. A few minutes pass, and after a bunch of screaming and clatter, the man stumbles back in. His shirt is torn up and his body is bleeding profusely.   He stares at the bartender and says, "Ok bartender, where's the girl with the sore tooth?"
An Englishman, a Scotsman and a Northern Irishman walk into a bar The Englishman wants to leave, so they all have to.
Guy walks into a bar... There's a sign that says: Cheeseburgers - $1.50, Chicken Sandwich - $2.50, Hand Job - $10.00. He walks up to a very attractive barmaid and ask "Hey, are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" "Yes," she purred, "I am." He looked her straight in the eye and said "Well, go wash your hands, because I want a cheeseburger." 
A man walks into a bar and orders nine shots of jaegermeister. "Why are you ordering so many?" asks the barman?  "I just had my first blowjob" says the man.   "Well shit, congratulations, have a tenth one on me!"  "Thanks, but if nine doesn't get rid of the taste, nothing will".
A man walks into a bar with a giraffe. A man walks into a bar with a giraffe, he gets the giraffe drunk and the giraffe passes out, as the man walks towards the exit to leave, the bartender says "Hey! You can’t leave that lyin’ there" The man replies "that’s not a lion that’s a giraffe" And he walks out the door.
[Walks into a bar] Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles walk into a bar. Then they both walk into a wall. Then Stevie walks into a chair. You can probably see where this is going... too bad they can't.
A guy walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar and orders a drink.  A few minutes later a beautiful young woman approaches the man and says, "For $200 I will do anything you want that you can describe in 3 words."  Excited, the man gets his wallet out, takes out $200 and slides it on the bar to the beautiful woman and says, "Paint my house."
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar. It was tense.
A QA engineer walks into a bar QA Engineer walks into a bar. Orders a beer. Orders 0 beers. Orders 999999999 beers. Orders a lizard. Orders -1 beers. Tries to sell a beer. Kills bartender while ordering a beer.    The bar's first real customer walks in and asks where the bathroom is. The bar bursts into flame killing everyone.
Guy walks into a bar at an agricultural machine convention. He buys a straight whiskey then proceeds to tell the hot barmaid the same story of how he no longer enjoys the thrill of driving agricultural machinery. All of a sudden he proceeds to suck in all the vape smoke clouding the room into his lungs and leaves the bar to blow all the smoke outside, he then calmly walks off into the distance.   Dude at the bar: "Who the fuck was that guy?"  Barmaid: "Oh that was just Jerry, he's an ex-tractor fan"   
A guy walks into a bar and sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling The guy asks, “What’s this about?”  The bartender replies, “Well, if you can jump up and slap the meat, you get free drinks for the rest of the night. If you miss, you pay for everyone’s drinks for the next hour. You wanna do it?”  The guy replies, “Nah, the steaks are too high.”
[NSFW] 3 broke guys walk into a bar... ...And ask the bartender if they can have a free drink.  Bartender: Okay, if the total length of your penises is 100 centimeters long, you three will get a free drink!  So the guys immediately start measuring their penises, and together they're exactly 100 centimeters long.  A few moments later the 3 guys walk out of the bar with their free drinks.  Guy 1: 'Dude, am I lucky that my penis was 50 centimeters long!'  Guy 2: 'And I'm lucky mine was 49 centimeters!'  Guy 3: 'Ha, lucky for us that I had an erection!'
Two overachievers walk into a bar Clearly the bar wasn't set high enough.
A thirst any walks into a bar... ... and shouts "Give me a whiskey!"  A fly behind the bar replies "There's none of that here."  The ant is upset by this, but changes his order, "Well, I'll have a margarita then"  "There's none of that here" the fly responds.  Confused, the thirsty ant tries again, "Well can I at least get a beer?!  Surely this place has beer."  The fly walks out from behind the bar and points to the entrance.  "Look buddy, didn't you read the wrapper before you walked in here?!  This is a protein bar!"  Edit:  "A thirsty ant"!  If I ever get my hands on this autocorrect fella...
[Original joke] [Long] A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and orders a gin and tonic with ice. The bartender nods and prepares the drink. A few moments later, he hands the man a glass of gin and tonic, with no ice. The man notices and points out the mistake to the bartender.  The bartender smiles. "Sorry, I had to remove the ice. Rules say no ice."   The man grumbles, but downs the drink anyway in one go. He orders a rum and coke, and the bartender nods and begins to prepare the drink. A few moments later, he hands the man a glass. The man takes a big swig, only to realize that drink was a hundred percent coke. He points out the mistake to the bartender.  The bartender smiles. "Sorry, I had to remove the rum. Rules say no rum."  The man is starting to get frustrated, but he keeps his temper in check. He decides to head to the bathroom to take a leak and cool off. After peeing, he walks over to the faucet to wash his hands, only to discover that the handle for the cold water was missing. He washes his hands with burning hot water, then angrily stomps back over to the bartender.  "Why is the bathroom faucet missing a handle?" he shouted angrily.  The bartender smiles. "Sorry, I had to remove the handle. Rules are rules, you know."   The man has had enough, and tears at his hair. "What the fuck is wrong with you? Why do you arbitrarily remove things from everything?"  The bartender continued to smile, and the man let out one final outburst. "And why do you always have that insufferably smug look on your face?"  The bartender's mouth widened into a crooked smile. "You see, I'm a moderator at r/worldnews... "
2 guys walk into a bar And one ducked
So a panda walks into a bar... A panda walks into a bar. He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves.  The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house. "You owe me money," she says.   "For what?"  The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute."  The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money."  The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda -- look it up." She is about to protest when the bear hands her the dictionary.  The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary. It says, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves."
A doctor, a priest and a teacher walk into a bar. You would have though that at least one of them would have seen it
An Indian walks into a trading post And he asks the owner for toilet paper. The owner replies we have Charmin for .35 cents a roll. The Indian shakes his head and says too much. The owner says we also have Bounty for .15 cents a roll. Again the Indian shakes his head and says too much. The owner says well I have some no name toilet paper that's been sitting in the back forwver, I suppose I could sell that for .05 cents a roll. The Indian nods in agreement, pays, and leaves with the mystery toilet paper. The next day the Indian returns and asks for a roll of Bounty. The owner sells him a roll, and asks didn't I see you yesterday? The Indian replies yes, and I also now know the name of that toilet paper... The owner says really? And what is it. To which the Indian replies that's John Wayne toilet paper. Owner asks and how you figure that? Indian says cause it's rough and tough and don't take no shit off any Indians.
Glucose walks into a bar... Bartender says "what can i get for you sugar?"
A cowboy walks into a bar. He throws a coin up in the air, shoots at it three times, and says "My name is Bill, Buffalo Bill". After the cowboy, a stranger stands up, pulls down his pants, showing three testicles and says "My name is Bill, Cherno Bill". 
A tall guy walks into a bar... yelps in pain, and then gripes about how spaces are designed for "little people".
A man walks into a bar with a monkey The man goes and plays some pool after a couple of games his monkey starts eating the pool balls. After the monkey had eaten 15 pool balls the barkeeper comes over and says to the man "Sir I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. I don't have infinite pool balls." So the man grabbed his monkey and left. 2 weeks later the man comes back to the bar and the barkeeper said, "Ugh, not you again!" The man said, "Don't worry he won't eat any more pool balls." Then the man sat down at the bar and ordered a drink and started eating some peanuts that were there. The monkey grabs a peanut and sticks it up his butt and then eats it. The barkeeper asks, "Why did your monkey stick that peanut up his butt? That was really gross." The man replied, "He needs to make sure that once it goes in, it will come out."
A cat walks into a bar Cat: Me Ow
A Grasshopper walks into a bar He sits down at the bar to get a drink. The bartender walks over to him and says, "hey I have a drink named after you." The Grasshopper responds, "you have a drink named Jeff?"
Two guys walk into a bar They walk up to the robot bartender and the first guy says "I'll have an h2o." The second guy says "I'll have an h2o too!" The robot bartender then murders them both because Elon Musk was right about AI. 
A hippie walks into a bar twice... comes out clean!
A man walks into a bar with a frog. A women says "What's up with the frog!?"  He explains, "Well he likes to go down on women."  "No way!"  "Well, I can prove it to you."  They go back to her apartment... she strips and lays down, and he puts the frog between her legs pets him and says, "Come on boy you can do it!"  The frog doesn't move, so one more time he pets the frog and says, "You can do it."  Still nothing, so the guy leans over puts his ear close to the frog. After a moment he says, "Okay, but I'm only gonna show you one more time!"
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a door.    And then a staircase.    I don't think hes alright, can someone get a doctor?
Three ducks walk into a bar Three ducks walk into a bar. The first duck sits down and orders a beer. The bartender asks "Have a good day?" The duck says" "I was in and out of Puddles all day! It was a good day to be a duck!" The next duck walks in and orders 2 beers. The bartender asks "Did you have a good day also?" The duck says "I was in and out of Puddles all day! It was a great day to be a duck!" Finally, the third duck walks in and orders 2 shots of tequila and whiskey on the rocks. The bartender asks "You didn't have a good day like your friends?" The duck says "My name is Puddles how do you think my day went?!"
The past, present and future walk into a bar It was tense.
An NSA Walks into a bar.  “Hey, I’ve got a great new joke for you!” the barman says.  The NSA smiles. “Heard it.”
A blood walks into a bar A crip walks into a car
"A wimpy kid walks into the bar", said the bully.
A man walks into a pub.... A Texan walks into a pub in Ireland and clears his voice to the crowd of drinkers. He says, "I hear you Irish are a bunch of hard drinkers. I'll give $500 American dollars to anybody in here who can drink 10 pints of Guinness back-to-back."  The room is quiet and no one takes up the Texan's offer. One man even leaves. Thirty minutes later the same gentleman who left shows back up and taps the Texan on the shoulder. "Is your bet still good?", asks the Irishman.  The Texan says yes and asks the bartender to line up 10 pints of Guinness. Immediately the Irishman tears into all 10 of the pint glasses drinking them all back-to-back. The other pub patrons cheer as the Texan sits in amazement.  The Texan gives the Irishman the $500 and says, "If ya don't mind me askin', where did you go for that 30 minutes you were gone?" The Irishman replies, "Oh...I had to go to the pub down the street to see if I could do it first".
An SEO copywriter walks into a bar... grill, pub, public house, Irish, bartender, drinks, beer, wine, liquor...
Dave walks into an art gallery. Dave : I suppose this horrible looking thing is what you call modern art?  Art dealer : I beg your pardon sir, that is a mirror.
Happy cowboy walks into a bar...  A cowboy walks into a bar, looking as happy as can be. Another man sitting down asks him,   “What on Earth could you be so happy for?”   The cowboy promptly answers with “I just untied a woman from the train tracks and proceeded to have sex with her”   The other man, astonished, asks for more details.  The cowboy proceeds to tell the other man all the positions they did it in, the silkiness of her skin, etc.  The other man, now excited, asks “Well did she give you head?”  “No, I couldn’t find it”
A neutron walks into a bar  A neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink. When the neutron gets his drink, he asks, "Bartender, how much do I owe you?"      The bartender replies, "For you, neutron, no charge."
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first mathematician orders a beer  The second orders half a beer  "I don't serve half-beers" the bartender replies  "Excuse me?" Asks mathematician #2  "What kind of bar serves half-beers?" The bartender remarks. "That's ridiculous."  "Oh c'mon" says mathematician #1 "do you know how hard it is to collect an infinite number of us? Just play along"  "There are very strict laws on how I can serve drinks. I couldn't serve you half a beer even if I wanted to."  "But that's not a problem" mathematician #3 chimes in "at the end of the joke you serve us a whole number of beers. You see, when you take the sum of a continuously halving function-"  "I know how limits work" interjects the bartender  "Oh, alright then. I didn't want to assume a bartender would be familiar with such advanced mathematics"  "Are you kidding me?" The bartender replies, "you learn limits in like, 9th grade! What kind of mathematician thinks limits are advanced mathematics?"  "HE'S ON TO US" mathematician #1 screeches  Simultaneously, every mathematician opens their mouth and out pours a cloud of multicolored mosquitoes. Each mathematician is bellowing insects of a different shade.  The mosquitoes form into a singular, polychromatic swarm. "FOOLS" it booms in unison, "I WILL INFECT EVERY BEING ON THIS PATHETIC PLANET WITH MALARIA"  The bartender stands fearless against the technicolor hoard. "But wait" he inturrupts, thinking fast, "if you do that, politicians will use the catastrophe as an excuse to implement free healthcare. Think of how much that will hurt the taxpayers!"  The mosquitoes fall silent for a brief moment. "My God, you're right. We didn't think about the economy! Very well, we will not attack this dimension. FOR THE TAXPAYERS!" and with that, they vanish.  A nearby barfly stumbles over to the bartender. "How did you know that that would work?"  "It's simple really" the bartender says. "I saw that the vectors formed a gradient, and therefore must be conservative."
A Rabbi walks into a bar ...Mitzvah
A cat walks into a bar And it is then rescued and killed by Peta. Stray animals are a threat in all situations 
Mushroom walks into a bar A mushroom walks into a bar and ordered a drink. The bartender says, "I'm sorry but we don't serve your kind here." The mushroom says, "Why not? I'm a fun guy!"
Three Blondes Walk into a Bar... They get a table and order a round of drinks. When the server brings the drinks over, the blondes clink the glasses together and say, "A toast to 36 hours!"     The blondes order several more rounds, and each time they make the same toast to 36 hours. After the fourth round, the server gives in to curiosity and asks, "Why are you toasting to 36 hours?"     One of the blondes replies, "Oh well, we just finished this really hard jigsaw puzzle, and on the side of the box it said 2 to 4 years!"
An old lady walks into an Apple store with a dripping wet MacBook in hand. She finds an employee and tells him that her MacBook wouldn’t turn on after she cleaned it. The employee looks at the MacBook and sees that it’s soaking wet.  “Ma’am did you wash it with water?” He asks.  “Yes but I don’t think that’s what killed it.” Replied the old lady.  “Than what killed it?” Asked the employee very confused.  “The Spin Cycle.”
When I was a kid, you could walk into a gas station with a $1 bill and leave with a bag of chips, a candy bar, and a coke. Now, they have cameras everywhere. 
So a man stuck in a time loop walks into a bar... So a man stuck in a time loop walks into a bar... So a man stuck in a time loop walks into a bar... So a man stuck in a time loop walks into a bar... So a man stuck in a time loop walks into a bar... So a man stuck in a time loop walks into a bar... So a man stuck in a time loop walks into a bar... 
A guy walks into a petshop and starts eating all the parrot food. The cashier runs to the man and says: “Hey, what do you think you’re doing!” The man responds: “Hey, what do you think you’re doing!”
A guy walks into a bar and sees three jar with money sitting atop the bar. He ask the bartender what're these jars of money for.  The bartender says the first jar that's full of 5's is if you can knock the bouncer out with one punch you get all the money in the jar.   The next jar halfway full of 10s is for the old rabid dog out back that has a bad tooth and if you can pull the tooth you get all the money in that jar.  Finally this last jar over flowing with 50's the owners old lady upstairs hasn't had an orgasm in 40 years if you can make the old lady cum you get all the money in that jar.  The guy pulls out his wallet and puts money in every jar. Saunters over to the bouncer and with one shot puts him to sleep. Full of confidence he walks out the the backdoor to the dog.   Almost an hour passes by and he finally re-emerges to the bar with blood dripping through his tattered clothes.  He looks to bartender and exhausted says.  "Now where's this old lady with a bad tooth"
A pirate with a steering wheel on the front of his pants walks into a bar The bartender says "you know you got a steering wheel on your pants, right?" The pirate replies "arg, I know! It's driving me nuts!"
A Dalai Lama walks into a pizza place... He asks, "Can you make me one with everything?"
So two men walk into a bar...... The third one patoed
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers, and orders Five beers, please. 
A man walks into a bar and orders a rum and coke The bartender asks "Is Pepsi ok?"  The customer replies: "Sure, that sounds fine"  So the bartender gives him a Pepsi and Coke
A man walks into a bar and orders a 12-year-old scotch. The bartender, believing that the customer will not be able to tell the difference, pours him a shot of the cheap 3-year-old house scotch that has been poured into an empty bottle of the good stuff. The man takes a sip and spits the scotch out on the bar and reams the bartender. “This is the cheapest 3-year-old scotch you can buy. I’m not paying for it. Now, give me a good 12-year-old scotch.” The bartender, now feeling a bit of a challenge, pours him a scotch of much better quality, 6-year-old scotch. The man takes a sip and spits it out on the bar. “This is only 6-year-old scotch. I won’t pay for this, and I insist on a good, 12-year-old scotch. The bartender finally relents and serves the man his best quality, 12-year-old scotch. The man sips the drink and says, “Now that’s more like it.” An old drunk from the end of the bar, who has witnessed the entire episode, walks down to the finicky scotch drinker and sets a glass down in front of him and asks, “What do you think of this?” The scotch expert takes a sip, and in disgust, violently spits out the liquid yelling “WHAT IN TARNATION IS THIS PISS?” To which the old drunk replies, “That’s right, now guess how old I am.”
A gay walks into a bar    And could barely walk out
A guy walks into a bar in a small Scottish town... He sees an old dude sitting by himself, grumbling over a glass of whiskey. There's no other free chairs, so he sits down across from the old man.  "What's got you so down, buddy?" the man asks the grumpy old Scotsman.  "You see that wall along the road coming into town? I built that wall with me own two hands, stone by stone! Nearly a mile long it is. And do you think they call me MacGregor the Wall-builder? No!"  "Okay," the younger man says.  The older man continues. "And did ya see the pier on the lake yonder? Fifty feet long it is, over waters 30 feet deep! I built that pier with me own two hands, board by board, nail by nail. Took six months. Nearly drowned, twice! Do they call me MacGregor the Dock-builder? No!"  "Alright," the young man says.  "And the church off town square yonder! I raised that from the cornerstone on up to the steeple, with me own two hands, brick by brick, beam by beam! Took a whole damn year! Damn near fell to me death doin' it! Do they call me MacGregor the Church-builder round here? No!"  "Indeed," the young man says.  "But ya fuck one goddamn sheep!"
A duck walks into a feed store... He walks up to the clerk and says, "Got any duck food?" The clerk replies, "nope" and the duck walks out. The next day the duck walks back into the feed store and approaches the same clerk. "Got any duck food?" Again, the clerk replies with a no. The duck leaves. The following day the duck walks in again and asks, "Got any duck food?" The clerk, becoming agitated says "Look, you duck. I don't got any duck food. Now if you come around asking for duck food again, I swear I'll nail your webbed feet to the floor." The duck turns around and leaves. The next day, the duck walks back in and says to the clerk, "Got any nails?" "Nope." "Oh, okay. Got any duck food?"
A Captain walks into a Lesbian bar... and asks the bartender  "is this place seamen friendly?"
A lawyer, a spy, and a money launderer all walk into a bar. The bartender says,"You all must be here to talk about adoption." 
A man walks into a bar with an alligator on a leash A man walks into a bar with an alligator on a leash. The bartender says, "Hey, come on man, you can't bring that thing in here, it's dangerous!"  The man responds, "No, watch, I'll prove it to you he is safe". He picks up the alligator and places him on the bar. He then taps the aliigator on the head once. The alligator's mouth opens immediately,  the man pulls out his junk and places it in the maw of the beast. Five minutes goes by, then ten without issue, and he pulls his penis and testicles out of the mouth. The man turns around and says, "Would anyone else like to try?"   A very drunk man from the corner of the bar who had been watching this all play out stands up and raises his hand. He exclaims, "I think I would like to try.......but I don't think I can hold my mouth open for that long!"
A man walks into a bar He says, "give me a drink, I'm celebrating my first blowjob." The bartender says "that's great the drinks on the house!" A few minutes later the man says, "give me another drink."  Then a few more minutes later, the bartender asks.. "Would you like a third drink?" And the man says "no, if two drinks don't get the taste out of my mouth I guess nothing will."
A Conservative and A Racist Walks Into a Bar "Welcome President Trump" says The Bartender
Two cows walk into a vegan restaurant. The waiter says, "We don't serve your kind here."
Four guys walk into a 4 guys walk into a gay bar and notice only 1 bar stool.  The mouthy one of the bunch said ummm barrrrtennnderrrr you only have one barstool and there are like four of us . like do your job and fix the situation before I find your boss bitch!  The bartender keeps his cool and calmly walks around the bar over to the stool and flips it over and says there you go faggots ..... 
A pirate walks into a bar A pirate walks into a bar and the bartender can't help but notice the steering wheel of a ship is somehow stuck in his pants.  The bartender asks "What is up with that... steering wheel in the front of your pants? Isn't that uncomfortable?"  The pirate replies "YARRRRRR... IT'S DRIVIN' ME NUTS!"
Arvin walk into home Milk truk arive ������
Based on a true story (programming, walks into a bar) Two programmers walk into a bar. The Python programmer orders an orange juice. The C programmer gets a look of disgust and says "You're in a bar! You should order an alcoholic drink!" The Python programmer gets his juice, pulls out his wallet, and pays for his drink. The C programmer tells the bartender, "I want a hard whiskey, and put it on my tab." The Python programmer gets a look of disgust and shouts "Tab?!?"
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar... It's a miracle.
A Canadian walks into a garage A Canadian walks into the garage and says to the mechanic his snow bike is not working properly.The mechanic takes a look and says "it looks like you have blown a seal". The Canadian rubs his mustache and says "no that's just frost"
A dyslexic crossdresser walks into a bar.. He thought it said 'bra' because he's looking to buy one because he's a crossdresser. So you can imagine how confused he was 
A devout Christian walks into a bookstore. He asks an employee "Could you tell me where I could find a copy of the Bible?"  The employee rolls his eyes and points just to the left of them and says "Sure. You see the priest just over here in front of this bookcase?"  The Christian, slightly embarrassed, replies "Oh, yes. Sorry, thank you!" And starts walking towards the priest.  "Wait a tic." implores the employee, "What I was going to say was see the priest in front this bookcase, well on the other side of this bookcase is where we keep all our fiction. Then look under 'B' for bullshit." 
A man walks into a bar Then a woman walks into the bar  Another man walks into the same bar  Needless to say, it was an instense limbo competition.
Two guys walk into a BAR and dies, why? Because it's allahu akhBAR.  Sorry.
A man walks into a bar with a small head. And the bartender says "I gotta ask, how did your head become so small? "  And the man says "Well i was walking on the beach yesterday and i came across a lamp. I rubbed it and this smoking hot genie came pouring out and said "I will grant you any wish you want, but you cant wish to have sex with me" So i said "how about a little head?""
A jumper cable walks into a bar;  The bartender says, "I'll serve You, but don't start anything."
A man walks into a bar and orders a beer. While waiting he starts talking into his hand. The bartender asks him why.."well you see I am a businessman and I had a phone chip inserted into my palm so I can make and receive business calls."  After a few brews the man asks the barkeep where the bathroom is. After directing him the bartender starts to worry because the man hadn't returned after more than 20 minutes. The bartender goes to the bathroom and sees the man with his hands against the wall pants around his ankles and a roll of toilet paper shoved up his ass.   "Are you ok?" the bartender asked.   "Shhh!" the man answered, "I'm waiting for a fax!"
An Irish man walks into a bar asks for three beers An Irish man walks into a bar, asks for three beers, chugs them all and leaves. He does this every week for several weeks, until finally the bartender asks him the reason of his ritual.  The man looks at him and says he has two more brothers with whom he always got together weekly to have a beer. Recently both his brothers left town, so now he drinks the three beers to continue tradition.  Many months pass until one day the man walks in and instead asks for two beers. The bartender can't believe his hears, one of the brothers must have died! He gives the man his condolences for his late brother, but the man informs him that all his brothers are alive and well.  "Why did you only drink two beers then?" asks the bartender.  "I quit drinking".
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and orders 11 shots of tequila, the bartender asks   "oh, is there an occasion for this?"  The man says "I had my first blow job"  Bartender says "well in that case I'll give you another on the house!"  The man replies "no thanks, if 11 don't get the taste out of my mouth then nothing will"
181 Politicians walk into a bar The bartender looks up to them and says, "you guys can't be here!"  The politicians respond, "Why not?"  "Because you're not drinking up what I'm Putin down."
A farmer walks into a bar A farmer walks into a bar with his horse and says “I will pay anyone who makes my horse laugh $500” a man takes the bet and walks the horse into the bathroom and when they come out the horse is laughing hysterically. The farmer is in disbelief and bets the man double or nothing if he can make the horse cry. The man takes the bet and goes back into the bathroom with the horse. When they come out the horse is crying. The farmer reluctantly pays up and asks the man how he did it. The man responds “First I told the horse my penis was bigger than his... then I showed it to him.
Guy walks into a dr office complaining about a tennis elbow.  Dr- okay I need you to pee into a cup Patient- why? It’s my EL-BOW! Dr- ::sigh:: we have this new machine in back and all it needs is the patients urine and it will diagnose ANYthing. Will you just humor me?  The patient agrees, goes into the bathroom, produces a urine sample, hands the cup to the nurse, nurse hands the cup to the doctor and the doctor goes into the back room with the diagnosis machine and closes the door.  *thirty seconds later* Doctor comes back out of the room, tears off a prescription from his pad, hands it to the patient “thank you and have a nice day” turns and walks out.  Refuses to make eye contact with the patient so for the whole drive home the guy is bitching to his wife on the phone about what a horrible doctor he saw today.  As the man walks into his kitchen when he got home, his 17 year old daughter comes in and said “dad I heard the whole story, hows about next time you have an appointment with this quack doctor- how’s about you me and mom take a turn peeing into this cup and see what the doctor says THIS time? Throw him for a loop.” So weeks later, before his follow up exam, the mom dad and daughter have all taken a turn peeing into a decoy cup only unbeknownst to the other two, dad cummed into the cup....and put a tiny drop of motor oil into the cup. Shakes the cup up “let’s see what this fuckin quack has to say about THIS!” Drives off to the dr office.  In the patient room the doctor comes in an says how can I help you? Patient- “it’s this tennis elbow still.” Doctor- “pee into a cup again.” Patient-“FINE” Only when he’s in the bathroom he switches the urine sample he just made with the fucked up cup Hands the fucked up cup to the nurse. Nurse doesn’t expect anything. She hands the cup to the doctor...who’s already oblivious anyway. So the doctor walks back into the back room and closes the door.   Only this time he’s in the room for 3 and a half hours.  Finally the door flies open, Doctor is making alllll kinds of hateful eye contact this time.  Doctor walks up to the patient and says “alright you fuckin smartass here goes. Your daughters pregnant, your wife’s gotta gnarly vanereal disease...your cars about to throw a rod and if you don’t stop jerking off that fuckin tennis elbow isn’t ever going to get any better!”
A Rabbi, a Priest, and a Lawyer Walk Into a Bar... The rabbi turns to the priest and says, "What is this, some kinda joke!?"
A rabbit walks into a pub and says to the barman, 'Can I have a pint of beer, and a Ham and Cheese Toastie?' The barman is amazed, but gives the rabbit a pint of beer and a ham and cheese toastie.  The rabbit drinks the beer and eats the toastie. He then leaves.  The following night the rabbit returns and again asks for a pint of beer, and a Ham and Cheese Toastie.  The barman, now intrigued by the rabbit and the extra drinkers in the pub, (because word gets round), gives the rabbit the pint and the Toastie. The rabbit consumes them and leaves.  The next night, the pub is packed.  In walks the rabbit and says, 'A pint of beer and a Ham and Cheese Toastie, please barman.'  The crowd is hushed as the barman gives the rabbit his pint and toastie, and then burst into applause as the rabbit wolfs them down.  The next night there is standing room only in the pub.  Coaches have been laid on for the crowds of patrons attending.  The barman is making more money in one week than he did all last year  In walks the rabbit and says, 'A pint of beer and a Ham and Cheese Toastie, please barman.'  The barman says, 'I'm sorry rabbit, old mate, old mucker, but we are right out of them Ham and Cheese Toasties.'  The rabbit looks aghast.  The crowd has quietened to almost a whisper, when the barman clears his throat nervously and says,    'We do have a very nice Cheese and Onion Toastie.  The rabbit looks him in the eye and says, 'Are you sure I will like it.'  The crowd's bated breath is ear shatteringly silent.  The barman, with a roguish smile says, 'Do you think that I would let down one of my best friends. I know you'll love it.'  'Ok,' says the rabbit, 'I'll have a pint of beer and a Cheese and Onion Toastie.'  The pub erupts with glee as the rabbit quaffs the beer and guzzles the toastie.  He then waves to the crowd and leaves....  NEVER TO RETURN!!!!!!  One year later, in the now impoverished public house, the barman, (who has only served 4 drinks tonight, 3 of which were his), calls time.  When he is cleaning down the now empty bar, he sees a small white form, floating above the bar.  The barman says, 'Who are you?  To which he is answered,    'I am the ghost of the rabbit that used to frequent your public house.'  The barman says, 'I remember you. You made me famous.  You would come in every night and have a pint of beer and a Ham and Cheese Toastie. Masses came to see you and this place was famous.'  The rabbit says, 'Yes I know.'  The barman said, 'I remember, on your last night we didn't have any Ham and Cheese Toasties. You had a Cheese and Onion one instead.'  The rabbit said, 'Yes, you promised me that I would love it.'  The barman said, 'You never came back, what happened?'  'I DIED', said the rabbit.  'NO!' said the barman. 'What from?'  After a short pause, the rabbit said ...  'Mixin-me-toasties.'
A piece of string walks into a bar... The bartender, pointing to the sign behind him says, "Sorry, we don't serve pieces of string here."   So the string walks outside, where a man is smoking a cigarette.  The string asks him, "Hey buddy, do you mind helping me out by tying me in a knot and fraying my ends a bit?"  The man, a bit confused by the appearance of a talking piece of string, agrees.  The string walks back into the bar and the bartender, not amused, says "Aren't you the piece of string that walked in here just a minute ago?"  The string replies,  "Sorry sir,  I'm a frayed knot."
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar. You can’t tell me that’s a coincidence.
A horse walks into a bar. Bartender says "why the long face"? Unable to speak, the horse shits on the floor and leaves.
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Wow, I’ve never served a weasel before. What can I get you?” "Pop!" goes the Weasel.
A man, a model and a foot tall mini-me walk into a bar The man approaches the bar, pulls out a gigantic roll of $50s and tells the bartender to line up the entire bar with shots.  As soon as the last shot is poured, the small man hops off the bigger guy’s shoulder and kicks all of the drinks over, spilling them. The man apologizes and pulls out the knot of $50s again (which hasn’t gotten any smaller) and asks the bartender to line them up again.  Sure as the day, when the last drop is poured, the little guy hops down and kicks all the drinks over. The man is embarrassed and pulls out the same sized roll as before. The bartender is irritated but he’s getting paid, so as politely as he can, he asks “Hey buddy, what’s the deal here?”  The man replies “Well, I found this magic lamp with a genie in it. I was given 3 wishes, so I asked for a beautiful woman at my side, a roll of $50s that never runs out, and a 12” prick.”
A man walks into a BAR and dies instantly from the bayonet strapped to the end of it. 
C, E, and G walk into a bar, just as E took a half step down the entrance The bartender shouted, "NO MINORS ALLOWED!!"
Three men walk into a bar You think one would have noticed
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says “Oh just a beer”.  The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong,why are you so down today?”.  The man said “My wife and i got into a fight,and she said she would’nt talk to me for a month”.  The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”?  The man siad “Well the month is up tonight”.
A Roman Walks Into a Bar A Roman walks into a bar and tells the bartender, “I’ll have a martinus.”  The bartender gives him a confused look and asks “Do you mean a martini?”  The Roman is angry with business owners always trying to scam him for extra money and replies “If I wanted two, I would have asked for two!”
A Black Guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender says "Hey where'd you get that?"  The parrot says "Squawk Africa Squawk There's millions of em"
A priest and a rabbit walk into a bar. The bartender asked, "wait, isn't that supposed to be a rabbi?"
A man walks into a bar. “We’re closed.” Says the bartender.  “Oh, sorry.” Says the man. “Wrong joke. I was supposed to knock knock.”
A guy walks into a library and asks the librarian if they had books on suicide. "Fuck you," said the librarian, "you'll never bring it back!"
A physicist walks into a bar. It Hertz.
A blind man walks into a bar Now his head hurts 
Two water fowl walk into a bar... The third one ducks
[walks into a bar][long]A man walks into an empty bar... And orders a beer. He sees a bowl of peanuts in front of him, looks around, and there's one else but him and the bar keep. He decides to eat a handful. He hears soft whisper in his ear 'you have nice hair'. Quickly he turns around only to find no one there. Startled at first, shakes it off and orders another beer. Then he eats another handful of peanuts. Same barely audible whisper 'you are very well dressed'. This time more alarmed, he stands up to get a better view and still sees no one. Again, he shakes it off and orders another beer. He's still got the munchies, more now that he's buzzing, and eats another handful of legumes. A whisper hits him, this time a little louder 'what a handsome face you have'  Now shaking from disbelief he calls over the bar keep, "bartender what is this, there's no one here but I hear sweet nothings whispered into my ear, what the hell is going on"  Bar keep shrugs "did you eat the peanuts"  "Well, yeah..." Replies the man  "Ah, they're complimentary"  Sorry if this is a repost, I've been lurking for a few months and haven't seen it!
A Tesla owner, a Crissfitter, and a Vegan walk into a bar. How do I know, they told everyone in the place in the first five minutes.
A talking frog walks into a bank and sees his favourite teller lady, patty mack, as he approaches the counter.    "I need a loan" he says, as the woman is wondering how on earth this frog is talking to her.   "How are you talking to me" she asks in disbelief.   The frog replies, "im the lovechild of kermit the frog and Mick jagger, i guess i got the best of both worlds".   The teller isn't sure on what to do so she excuses herself to talk to the manager. She fills the manager in on the situation and after a heft debate he replies;   "Knick knack patty mack, give the frog a loan. His old mans a rolling stone"
A guy walks into the bar... The guy walks into the bar. He sits down by the counter and looks around. On his right-hand side sees a guy totally wasted laying under the stool.  He asks the bartender "Is he ok?". The bartender says "Yep, he's just having a bad day".  So the guy orders 2 shots, drinks them and walks out. The next day the same guy walks into the same bar. He orders 2 shots again. In the meantime, the guy who was totally wasted under the bar last night walks in, comes up to the bartender and asks "Excuse me, is it possible that  I spent here $10,000 on drinks yesterday". The bartender replies "Yes,it's quite possible".  The guy says "Uff, thank God, I thought that I lost it".
4 beer company CEOs walk into a bar The CEO of Budweiser orders a Bud Light.  The CEO of Miller orders a Miller Light.  The CEO of Coors orders a Coors Light.  The CEO of Guinness orders a Coke.  The first three ask the CEO of Guinness why he didn't order a Guinness, to which he replied:  "I figured if you 3 weren't ordering beer it would be rude for me to."
A homophobic guy walks into a bar and immediately orders 3 double shots of whiskey. Bartender: "Wow, that's a hefty order." Guy: "Yeah, I just got terrible news that my brother has turned gay..." Bartender gives the guy his 3 shots and leaves him alone.  -Next day- The same guy enters the bar and again, orders the same drinks. Bartender: "Still not over your brother?" Guy: "No, even more bad news. I just found out that my father is now gay..." Bartender looks shocked, but then just gives the man his drinks and leaves him alone.  -Next Day- Again, the same guy enters the bar and orders his 3 shots. Bartender: "More bad news I assume?" Guy: "Yep, uncle this time..." Bartender shakes his head and gives the man his drinks.  -Next Day- Same guy, same drink order. This time the bartender throws up his hands in disbelief! Bartender: "DOES ANYBODY IN YOUR FAMILY LIKE WOMEN?" Guy: "Yep....My Wife"
A nurse, a doctor, and an anti-vaxxer walk into a bar. The nurse sits down at the bar and says, “I’ll have a Bloody Mary!”  The doctor sits next to her and says, “Give me a rum and coke!”  The anti-vaxxer does nothing. She collapsed and died from polio.
A vampire walks into a bar... A vampire walks into a bar and goes straight up to the bartender and asks for a large warm glass of blood. Luckily, it happens to be a bar that serves vampires and quick as a tick the bartender hands over a long glass of blood, to which the vampire slurps it down happily.  Sooner than later, another vampire enters the establishment and sees his fellow child of darkness happily nursing his glass at the bar. He proceeds to sit next to him and orders the same, to which the bartender obliges and plunks down another large warm glass of blood.  Finally a third vampire strolls through the door and walks confidently up to the barkeep and the other vampires. He opens his fanged mouth to speak, but the Barman interrupts him: "Let me guess..." he opines, "One large glass of warm blood?". To his surprise the vampire shakes his head.   "Actually, can I have a cup of boiling water please?"  The Bartender is confused but is unwilling to question the motives of a vampire, especially a vampire customer and produces the boiling water for his guest. The other vampires, also curious pause their drinking to stare at the new arrival.  Sensing their curiosity the vampire simply shrugs, produces a tampon from his pocket and dunks it into the cup.  "I'm making tea..." 
A man walks into his bedroom and sees his wife packing a suitcase. He says "What are you doing" She replies, "I'm off to New York, I read prostitutes get paid $400 for doing something I do for you for free." Later, on her way out, she sees her husband also packing a suitcase. "Where are you going" she asks. "I'm coming to New York with you. I want to see how you live on $800 a year."
A man walks into a bar And orders 5 shots of whiskey. The bartender asks Jesus what happened to you today and he said my son told me he is gay and takes the shots and goes home. The next day the same man walks into the bar again and orders 10 shots the bartender asks what's wrong with him this time. The man says I just found out my best friend is gay and he's screwing my son. The man takes the shots then leaves. The very next day the same man walks in and orders 15 shots. The bartender asks Jesus does anyone in your family like women? The man looks the bartender in the eye and says apperently my wife does. 
A dog walks into a bar... ....and sits down on the barstool.   He says, "I'll have two beers, and mint if you've got one."   The bartender says "Wow! You should join the circus!"   And the dog says, "Why, do they need electricians?"
An elderly woman with a shaky voice walks into a sex shop and asks, "Do y-y-ooou-u s-s-sell vib-b-rat-ors?", the store worker told her "Yes we do, ma'am." She replied, "H-h-how d-do I t-turn-n it off-ff?"
A pirate walks into a bar A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel stuck In between his legs  The bartender noticing this says: hey why do you have a steering wheel in between your legs?  The pirate replies: Yarr i don’t know, but it’s driving me nuts  
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and orders 4 glasses of beer after receiving them he drinks out of each until they are empty pays his bill and leaves, this goes on for about a week until  the bartender asks: why do you drink out of 4 glasses instead of one so it doesn’t go flat after we pour it?  The man responds: well I have 3 brothers that left to different states and we promised each other we would drink like this to remember how we drank when we were together  The bartender thinking that was a cool thing to do left him and his 4 drinks   2 days later the man comes into the bar and only orders 3 this time and the bartender notices and says: sorry for your loss you have my condolences  The man looks confused for a second before laughing and replying: oh my brothers are fine my wife just asked me to stop drinking, but that doesn’t affect my brothers
Three Vampires walk into a bar and sit down The bartender comes over and asks them what they want to drink  1st Vampire: Give me a shot of blood  2nd Vampire: I want a double shot  3rd Vampire: All I want is a cup of hot water  So the bartender goes and gets the drinks and comes back. He hands them the drinks, but looks kind of confused.  He asks the 3rd vampire why he only ordered hot water. The vampire pulls out a tampon and replies “I'm making tea.”  Edit: Formatting
A piece of string walk into a bar... A piece of string walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The barman refuses to serve him saying rudely, 'Sorry but we don't serve the likes of you. Get out!'  The piece of string leaves the bar feeling glum, he walks down the road and then he sees two girls who he asks for help. 'Please,' he says to one of the girls, would you tie a knot in me?' This she does. 'Please,' the piece of string says to the other girl,'would you mind taking your comb and fluffing out the ends of my string?' so the girl obliges.  'Thank you' says the string and he turns around, goes back into the bar and immediately orders a drink again.  The barman looks at him quizzically and says 'aren't you the piece of string that was in here a moment ago?'  'No' came the answer, 'I'm a frayed knot.'   
A bar walks into a man. Ah, fuck.
The notes A, C, and E walk into a bar at the same time. The bartender says, "I'm sorry, I can't serve A Minor."
A group of vampires walk into a bar when the bartender asks "what'll be?" The vampires reply, "Cups of hot water for all of us"  They take the cups of hot water and shuffle off into a corner of the bar.  The bartender watches them for awhile and finally his curiosity gets the better of him so he walks over to them.  He looks at them quizzically, " Guys, why the hot water?  No bloody marys or any such drink?"  The vampires pull tampons out of their cups, "Thanks! We're just having tea tonight."
Socrates walks into a bar... ...right?
A nail walks into a bar... “What would you like?” The bartender asked.  And so the nail ordered many drinks. After a great many drinks the bartender went to approach the nail again and advice him to go home. To his surprise the nail was nowhere to be seen. Naturally, the bartender leaned over the counter to see the nail buried within the floorboards.  “My, what’s happened here?” The bartender asked.  “I’m hammered,” the nail replied.
A quiet, little man walks into a bar and orders a beer. He sits there sipping his beer and minding his own business. All of a sudden, a big guy walks up to him and knocks him out cold and says to the barkeep, "When he wakes up, tell him that was a right-hook from Big Mike Finnigan."  A week later the little man shows up at the same bar and orders a beer. He again, sits there sipping his beer and minding his own business. The same big guy walks up to him, and the little guy knocks him out cold.  As he leaves the bar, the little guy says to the barkeep, "When he wakes up, tell him that was a crowbar from Sears." 
This beautiful woman one day walks into a doctors office and the doctor is bowled over by how stunningly awesome she is. All his professionallism goes right out the window...  He tells her to take her pants, she does, and he starts rubbing her thighs.  "Do you know what I am doing?" asks the doctor?  "Yes, checking for abnormalities." she replies.  He tells her to take off her shirt and bra, she takes them off.   The doctor begins rubbing her breasts and asks, "Do you know what I am doing now?", she replies, "Yes, checking for cancer."  Finally, he tells her to take off her panties, lays her on the table, gets on top of her and starts having s*x with her.   He says to her, "Do you know what I am doing now?"  She replies, "Yes, getting herpies - thats why I am here!"
A cowboy walks into a bar looking frustrated. The bartender asks, "What's the matter?" The cowboy replies, "Well I've got these two horses and I can't tell them apart. I don't know if I'm mixing up riding times or even feeding them the right foods."  The bartender suggests, "Why don't you try shaving the tail of one of the horses?"  The cowboy says, "That sounds like a good idea, I think I'll try it."  A few months later, he returns to the bar in worse condition. "I shaved the tail of one of the horses, but it grew back and I can't tell them apart again!"  The bartender says, "Why don't you try shaving the mane?"  A few months later the cowboy is back. "I shaved the mane of one of the horses, but it grew back!"  The bartender yells, "Just measure the damn horses. Perhaps one is slightly taller that the other one!" The guy storms out of the bar.  The next day, the cowboy runs into the bar. "It worked, it worked!" he exclaims. "I measured the horses, and the black one is two inches taller than the white one!"
A man walks into a bar... Turns around, and falls down.  Why?    Because it was a metal bar
Schrödinger’s cat walks into a bar And doesn’t.
A terrible psychic walks into a bar... He never saw it coming!
A blind man walks into a bar And a table. And a chair...
3 men walk into a bar The fourth one ducks.
An old Israeli lady walks into an elevator. She needs to go the the 19th floor When she gets to the 5 th floor an nice beautiful sexy lady comes out . The old lady says “ESCUSE ME. VAT IS THIS SMELL?”. “1 500 dollars cocoa shanell from Great Britain” “okay okay” than when they get to the 10th floor a nice blond lady comes in. The same thing applies except it is 2000 dollars from Paris France. On their way up to the 19 th floor the old lady farts. The worlds sexiest lady comes into the elevator “escuse me, vat is this smell?!??” “15000 dollars from Gucci in Beverly Hills, do you think I smell good ? “
A man walks into a bar    A man walks into a bar and bets the bartender $200 he can take his eye out of his head. The bartender agrees, thinking it impossible, but the man takes out his eye, revealing it to be glass.        The man then bets the bartender $500 he can bite his own eye. The bartender agrees, only for him to take out the same glass eye and bite it. The bartender is annoyed that he took the bet, considering he already knew he had a glass eye.        The man says to the bartender, “You know what, here’s a chance to make all your money back and then some. I bet you $50,000 dollars that if you slid a shot glass across the bar, I could run alongside it and piss into it and not miss a single drop, given two tries.” The bartender thinks this really is impossible, so accepts.      So the man pulls his pants down to his ankles. The bartender slides the glass down, but the man is only able to get two drops in the glass, the rest all over the counter. The man points out he has a second try, so he goes again, only for the glass to be completely dry once it reaches the other end of the bar.        The bartender jumps up and down with joy, having just won $49,300. Just then, a man in the back of the bar loudly yells “FUCK!” The bartender hurries over to ask what was wrong.       “I just bet that guy $500,000 that he would piss all over your bar and you’d be so happy about it that you would jump up and down in the air.”
This dude walks into a library and asks the librarian "have you got any books on paranoia"? The librarians says, "They're right behind you"!
Two young attractive men walk into a bar and order a couple of beers. Upon noticing two hot babes sitting at a table, alone, they summoned the bartender to send two drinks to the table. The bartender warned them "Guys, they're lesbians, and they'll have no part of you."  After persisting, the bartender finally sent two drinks to the lesbians sitting at the table. The two lesbians invited the men to join them, so they obliged.  One lesbian asked one man if he would like to find out what a lesbian's thigh felt like. When he responded yes, the lesbian grabbed his hand and placed it on her thigh, moving it up and down. By now the young man was getting excited and aroused.  The lesbian then asked him if he would be interested in finding out what a lesbians breasts felt like. Enthusiastically, the young man nodded and she took his hand, ran it up the inside of her blouse until it was on her breasts.  The lesbian then asked the young and curious man if he would like to know what a lesbian's pussy smells like. Before the young man could even answer, the lesbian inhaled a huge breath of air and blew it in the young mans face.
A guy walks into the library A man walks into the library and asks the librarian where are the self help books? The librarian said "well if I tell you it would defeat the purpose"  Alternative:  A man walks into the library and asks the librarian where are the books on suicide? The librarian said "Fuck You we'll never get it back"
A hungry talking bear walks into a bar... Upon entering the bar, the bear grabs a woman and eats her in front of everyone. When finished, the bear walks up to the bartender and says "Give me a beer". The bartender replies "Sorry, we don't serve drug users in here." The bear shouts " What do you mean...I don't use drugs !" To which the bartender replies " That was a barbiturate"
A blind man walks into a bar and a chair, and a table
Two men walk into a bar. You’d think the second guy would’ve ducked.
Paddy walks into a bar. "How much is lager?" Barman: "£3 a pint and £10 a pitcher" Paddy: "I'll just have a pint, fuck the photo"
A guy walks into bar alone and orders two beers. "Are you expecting someone?" Asks the bartender.  "No, my brother is in the army and before leaving he told me that everytime i drink i have to also drink for him as well"  "That's nice of you, here this round is on the house"  A week or so passes and the guy orders two beers each time he goes to that bar. One day he orders only one beer.  "Oh my god, please don't tell your brother died!"  "Ah no, he's fine. It's just that i quit drinking."
An electron and a proton walk into a magnetic field... Yes. That's it. There's no punchline. Physics isn't a joke.
A machine learning algorithm walks into a bar... The bartender asks, "What will you have?"  The ML algorithm immediately responds, "What's everyone else having?"
A woman walks into a bank in NYC before going on vacation and asks for a $5,000 loan The banker asks, “Okay, miss, is there anything you would like to use as collateral?”  The woman says, “Yes, of course. I’ll use my Rolls Royce.”  The banker, stunned, asks, “A $250,000 Rolls Royce? Really?”  The woman is completely positive. She hands over the keys, as the bankers and loan officers laugh at her. They check her credentials, make sure she is the title owner. Everything checks out. They park it in their underground garage for two weeks.  When she comes back, she pays off the $5,000 loan as well as the $15.41 interest.  The loan officer says, “Miss, we are very appreciative of your business with us, but I have one question. We looked you up and found out that you are a multi-millionaire. Why would you want to borrow $5,000?”  The woman replies, “Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?”  NB—It can cost upwards of $60/day to park your car in Manhattan
A neutron walks into a bar and asks: "How much for a pint of Guinness?" The bartender replies: "For you sir, no charge!"
Hellen Keller walks into a bar Then a stool, and then a table
One day a thirteen year old boy walks into a brothel dragging a dead frog behind him.  The Madam asks, "Can I help you son?" He replies, "Yes I'd like a girl for the night." She says, "I'm afraid you are too young for one of my girls." So he gets out his wallet and gives her $200.  To which she says, "She'll be waiting for you up stairs." The boy says, "But shes got to have Herpes with active sores." The Madam replies, "But all my girls are clean!"  So out comes the wallet again and he gives her another $200. The Madam says, "OK, she'll be ready for you in about 15 mins".  So he goes up the stairs dragging the dead frog.   A half an hour later he comes down the stairs, with a big grin on his face and still dragging the dead frog. By now the Madam was just a touch curious so she asked him, "Why did you come in here,dragging a dead frog and asking for a girl with herpes sores?".  "Well, it's like this", he says, "When I get home today I fuck the baby-sitter and she'll get it. Then when my parents get home, my dad will drive her home and on the way they'll stop and have sex, and he'll get it. Later when dad gets home my mom and dad will make love and she'll get it. And at about noon, when dad has gone to work, the mailman will come round, fuck my mother and he'll get it.   AND HE'S THE BASTARD WHO KILLED MY DAMN FROG
A cube walks into a bar... A cube walks into a bar and comes out as a sphere. A passerby saw and asked them what happened. The sphere replied “oh I just had a drink to take the edge off”.
A panda walks into a bar. Orders a meal and quietly eats it. When the bartender comes with the check, the panda pulls out a shotgun, shoots the bartender, and prepares to leave the bar. The bartender, on his last breath, screams “Why?!” The panda pulls out a dictionary, points to the entry on pandas, which reads:  Panda (n.) – Eats shoots and leaves.
A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers. "Five beers, please," he says.
A dyslexic man walks into a bra Either way he's getting at least two cups
The singer Seal walks into a club. Good thing he wasn't a baby. 
A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers. "Five beers, please."
A pirate walks into a psychiatrists office... With a ships wheel hanging out of his pants zipper. The doctor says, "do you know you have a ships wheel there?"  The pirate replies, "Ayy and it's driving me nuts!"
A man walks into a bar after being fired. He tells the bartender to just keep the drinks coming. He proceeds to order beer, shots, mixed drinks, even wine. He continues to drink until he can barely stay on his stool. The bartender finally pours him in a cab and sends him home. He returns the next day and the bartender asks how he's feeling. He says terrible I was up all night blowing chunks. The bartender says that will happen when you mix your liquor like that. The guy says you don't understand chunks is my dog.
A mythomaniac walks into a bar, screaming 'Hey, it's me' But it wasn't him. 
A guy walks into a bar with his dog... They sit at the counter, and the guy calls the bartender over.  "I'll bet you a beer that my dog can talk."  "Sure bud, whatever you say."  The guy turns to his dog, "What's the opposite of smooth?"  "RUFF!" Barks the dog.  The bartender chuckles a bit, "Okay, that's pretty good. Here ya go."  The guy drinks his beer, then calls the bartender back over.  "I'll betcha another beer that he can answer another question."  Unsure, the bartender eventually agrees.  "What's on top of a house?" Asks the man.  "ROOF!" barks the dog.  "Haha, ok. You got me again," says the bartender, and slides the man another beer.  The man drinks his second beer, and then calls the bartender back over.  "How about another? Dog! Who's the greatest baseball player ever?"  "RUTH!" The dog answers.  "Alright, I've had enough! Get out! Both of you get out!"  The man and the dog sulk out the door and down the sidewalk. After a few seconds, the dog says, "I *knew* I should've said DiMaggio."
Batman walks into a bar. Bartender: "What can I get you?" Batman: "Just ice."
Bill Cosby walks into a bar and offers me a drink. Having heard the stories, it was quite off pudding.
Three monkeys walk into bar. They all order drinks, drink them and leave.  It was bananas.
A man and a boy walk into the woods at night. The boy says it sure is scary out here. Man says you're scared I have to walk out alone. 
An Auburn fan walks into a bar and sees a group of pretty ladies. He walks up and asks, “where do yew ladies go to school”. The women reply, “Yale”. The Auburn fan then says, “WHERE DO YOU LADIES GO TO SCHOOL!!!”...
Man walks into a bar, shouts to a fella across the room "I bucked your ma last night!”  Fella dosent say anything.  He then shouts " She sucked my c**k".  Fella again says nothing.  He then stands up again and shouts " I gave her one up the arse"  Fella shouts back " For f**ks sake Da will ye go home your blocked".
Doctor walks into hospital room.. Old man is sitting on the bed.  Doctor: I've got two pieces of bad news for you.  Old man: what is it doc?  Doctor: Well you got cancer..  Old man: That's terrible.. what's the other news?  Doctor: .. you have Alzheimer's too..  Old man: Fuck.. well at least I don't have cancer! 
A Roman Centurion walks into a bar.... “What can I get you?” says the barman  “I’d like a Martinum please.”  “Do you mean a martini?”  “If I want a fucking double I’ll ask.”
Guy walks into a bar and asks for a beer Guy walks into a bar and asks for a beer. Bartender says "Sure here you go." The bartender then turns to the second guy at the end of the bar and says, "You need another beer jackass?" The second guy says "Sure I'll take another." The first guy is confused but decided to ignore it.   &amp;#x200B;  The first guy finishes his beer and asks for another beer. Bartender says "Sure here you go." And once again the bartender turns to the second guy at the end of the bar and asks "You need another beer jackass?" The second guy says "Sure I'll take another." The first guy is still confused but decided to ignore it again.   &amp;#x200B;  The guy finishes his 3rd beer and asks for one final beer. Bartender says "Sure here you go." And again he turns to the second guy at the end of the bar and says "You need another beer jackass?" This time the first guy asks the bartender "Why do you call him a jackass?" The second guy responds saying "He-awe he-awe he always calls me that!"
A man walks into a very fancy restaurant... "Alright!" The man yells. "Where's the fucking manager?" The manager quickly comes to the front desk and asks "would you mind keeping your voice down and avoiding such language."  "Shut up, you cocksucker!" The man replies. "Your sign says your looking for a pianist. So where the fuck's your piano?"  Before the manager can even respond, the man sits down and place one of the most beautiful pieces of classical music. Astonished, the manager says "That's amazing. Did you write that?"  "Of course I did." Says the pianist. "That song is called 'I want to fuck your wife on three sofa while her sister watches.'"  The manager says "That's terrible! Could you play something else?" And so the pianist plays yet another beautiful classical piece. "That one is called 'My friend and I are gonna fuck you from both ends.'"  "That's even worse!" Says the manager. After some thought, he agrees to hire the pianist, but insist he doesn't announce the title of his songs when playing.  A week goes by, and the guests are enjoying the live music added to the restaurant. One night, however, as the waiters are working, one of them trips and spills sour cream all over the pianist's pants. Frustrated, he hurries off to the restroom to clean up, but enters the woman's restroom by accident.  Upon leaving one of the stalls, a woman sees the man and the sour cream all over his pants. Confused, she asks "Excuse me, but do you know you've got semen all over your pants?"  And the man replies "Know it? I fucking wrote it."
A boy walks into a church... ...and says to the priest, "Father, I brought you some fish. Tell me if you like them."  The Priest tries some and says, "Wow, these are pretty good."  The boy smiles and says, "Thanks, I caught those sons of bitches at the pier this morning." The Priest nearly chokes on his food and says, "Lord have mercy! You can't use language like that in the house of the Lord!" "No Father, that's the name of the fish!" "Oh, well I suppose that's okay then."  The Priest liked the fish so much that he took them with him to meet with the Bishop. The Bishop tries some and is impressed. The Priest says "Aren't those some good sons of bitches?" to which the Bishop responds, "Oh my, I've known you for 15 years and have never heard you use such language!" The Priest responds, "No, you misunderstand, that is the name of the fish." The Bishop says, "Oh, well that's okay then."  They both decide it's a good idea to bring the fish to meet with the Pope next week. As the three of them are eating the Bishop says "Wow, these are some good sons of bitches," and the Priest adds, "Absolutely, best sons of bitches I ever had!"  The Pope freezes, sets down his fork and his knife and says..."You know what, you mother fuckers are alright!"
The Australian Prime Minister walks into a bar. He wanders over to the bartender and... wait, he's not the Prime Minister anymore. The joke doesn't work now. Sorry guys.
So a green piece of road walks into the bar... So a green piece of road walks into the bar... It goes up to the bar and orders a drink, then takes it to a table where two traffic lights are playing a game of cards. The traffic lights take one look at the road and run out! Later the bartender finds them cowering behind the bins outside:  "What on Earth is wrong with you two?" He asks.  "That green piece of road that walked in! He told us he was a cycle path!"
A fella walks into a pet shop... A fella walks into a pet shop and says: “Give me a wasp.” The shopkeeper replies: “We don’t sell wasps.” He says: “There’s one in the window.”    
A woman walks into a library and asks the librarian for a book on Euphemisms The librarian took her up the back alley and let her have it 
A nurse, a doctor, and an anti-vaxxer walk into a bar.    The nurse sits down at the bar and says, "I'll have   a Bloody Mary!"  The doctor sits next to her and says, "Give me   a rum and coke!"  The anti-vaxver says, No shots for me.:" She then collapses   and dies from polio.  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;
In an alternate universe, Butler Alfred walks into a hippie bar and gulps down a tequila... The bartender says, "Hey ese, you just drank a Tequila de Puta! Hope it doesn't mess you up Viejo verde"  Alfred returns to the Batcave and sees Master Wayne trying to finger a girl, role playing as Batman.  Girl on bed: Hey caped crusader, whats your name?  Master Wayne: My name is -  Alfred: MasturBatman! He even carries a moisturizer in his utility belt.  Girl (not on bed anymore): Ese fuck me puta....roast me like that on the bed  Master Wayne- Hey, but I actually am Batman...listen to me...hey...hello... \*cries in dead parents' bedrooms as Alfred humps his gf\*  And that day MasterWein and Alfred were no longer friends  &amp;#x200B;
A naked pirate with a wheel around his member walks into a bar The bartender asks him, “Hey, you know you have a wheel around your penis?”.  The pirate responds, “Ar, I do. It’s driven me nuts!”. 
An Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar. The Scotsman says, "I'd like to buy a round for the whole pub."  &amp;#x200B;  The headlines the next day read, "Irish ventriloquist found beaten to death in alley behind pub." 
Charles Dickens walks into a bar and orders a Martini. The bartender turns to him and asks, Olive or twist?
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and sees his friend sitting beside a 12-inch pianist. He says to his friend, "That's amazing. How did you get that?"  The man pulls out a bottle and tells him to rub it and make a wish. He rubs the bottle, and a puff of smoke pops out and tells him that he can have one wish. So the man thinks and says, "I wish I had a million bucks."  The genie says, "OK, go outside, and your wish will be granted."  The man goes outside, but all he finds are ducks filling the sky and roads. He goes back in and tells his friend what happend, and his friend replies, "I know. Did you really think I wanted a 12-inch pianist?"
A blind man walks into a fish market He says "Hello Ladies."
A man walks into a bar... He sees a very attractive woman a few seats to his right.  He walks over and asks, "Hello, what's your name?"  She smiles and replies, "My name is Carmen"  "Wow what a pretty name!" The man says.   Carmen explains, "Well that's not my real name.. I named myself after the two things I love most in the world: Cars and Men!"   She then asks the man, "Anyway, what's your name?"  The man thinks a moment and replies, "Well, my name is Bj Titsandgolf."   
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar with a sad look on his face. The bartender asks "What's the matter, buddy?"  "I just got fired from my job. I don't know what I'm going to tell my wife and I've got two kids to look after."  "Look, I tend to keep this to myself, but over in that closet there is a genie who will grant you one wish. Maybe he can help you out."  So the man heads over to the closet. Inside it's larger than he expected and there was actually two people inside. One sat on the left, looking rather shady and smoking a cigar. The other sat to the right. He was a very small man and was playing a familiar tune on an equally small piano. The man decided to try his luck on the left.   "Are you the genie?" Asked the man. "Can you help me?"  "Sure." Replied the man. "Why not. I'll grant you one wish."  "Well in that case I suppose I wish for a million bucks."  The man snapped his fingers and all of a sudden there were ducks everywhere. They were running about the floor, walking on the tables, they were everywhere. The man knew it was too good to be true and fought his way back into the bar.   "That's a shit genie you've got in there!" Shouted the man over the quacks of the ducks.   "You're telling me." Laughed the bartender. "Do you really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?"
So a guy walks into a bar He walks up to the bartender and says."I'll take a Vegas Bomb, Crown and Redbull please."  So the bartender, puts an apple on the bar before him. Confused the man looks at the bartender wondering if this is some kind of joke. Before he can ask, the bartender already knows to explain.   "In this bar I have an apple with every flavor in the world, trust me, go ahead and see for yourself, take a bite."  So the man, hesitantly bites into the apple. "Wow, that tastes like Crown"  The Bartender replies, "Now turn it around"  So he does, "That tastes like Red Bull, wow that's amazing."  It's not long until another guy comes in and sits next to the first man. "I'm waiting on a friend, but go ahead and give me a Coke and Rum"  Again, the bartender, places an apple in front of this second man.   "What the fuck is this?" the man asks upset  The first guy says "Trust him, take a bite"  So he takes a bite of the apple, "That tastes like rum."   "now turn it around" he says to the second man.  He turns it around and takes another bite, "Well I'll be damned, that tastes like Coke."  The second man apologizes for getting upset and the bartender fills him in about the apples. A few moments later, the second guy's friend comes in and is greeted by him.  "Dude, you won't believe this, the bartender has an apple of every flavor in the world, sit down and order something."  The friend sits down, and with a smug grin on his face goes "...I want pussy."    The bartender sets the apple down in front of him and the guy takes a bite, he almost immediately spits it out.   "What the fuck, this tastes like ass!"    The Bartender says, "Turn it around"   -  Forgive me if this has been told before, my first time hearing it the other day.
A dragon walks into a bar... ... and he waddles up to a woman sitting at the bar and eats her in one swift chomp. Shocked, the bartender says to the dragon, "You need to leave." The dragon, perplexed, replies, "Why? What did I do?" The bartender then says, "Sir, you can't come in here, we don't like your kind in here." Now completely frazzled, the dragon says, "My kind? What do you mean my kind?" The bartender scoffs and says, "Well, sir, it's quite obvious that you have been using drugs. I need you to leave." The dragon, whom at this point is utterly confused, says, "But I haven't been using any drugs, yo." The bartender looks at the dragon with a funny expression, and after a moment he replies, "But what about that bar-bitch-u-ate?"
A vegan, a girl with a boyfriend and a student walk into a bar.. Who tells you first?
A burly man walks into a tattoo parlor and asks for another tally mark tattoo The tattoo artist, a bit worried, asks what all the growing number of tally marks is keeping a record of. The burly man gruffs:  "The number of tattoos I've gotten"
A man walks into a bar and sees a pirate. A man strolls into his local bar and is shocked to see a pirate sitting at the end of the bar. The guy was decked out, eye patch, peg leg, and a hook hand. A real, proper pirate.  So the man says "why not?" And pulls up a seat next to the pirate. He buys a round for himself and the pirate and introduces himself.  "**Aye**"   The man is just dying to know the old salt's story so he says to the pirate,  "If you don't mind me asking, what happened to your leg?"  "Aye, well I was out sailing me ship when a rogue wave broadsided us. I lost me footing and fell overboard. Shark bit me leg clean off."  "Oh my, that's terrible!" The man says. Looking at his hook hand the man sheepishly asks, "Sorry to be so nosy, but what happened to your hand?"  "Yarr matey, lost me favorite hand in battle. Rapscallion got it with his cutlass. Lucky I had me trusty pistol." he said with a laugh.  "Oh thats awful!" Says the man. Not wanting to ask too many questions, he nervously says, "If you don't mind, I gotta hear the story behind that eye patch."  The pirate says, "Aye laddie. It was a nice day. A bloody **beutiful** day. The sun be shinin', the sea was calm, and all me mateys and I were singin and drinkin the day away when a seagull pooped in me eye." And proceeded to finish his beer.  "Im sorry, but a bit of bird poop caused you to lose your eye?"  "Yarr matey, it was the day after I got me hook."    
So a pirate walks into a bar, he has a steering wheel on his crotch. The bartender goes: "What are you doing with that thing?" The pirate responds: "Arr, its been drivin' me nuts."
A joke walks into a bar Bartender says, "Woah! I've never meta joke before!"
A man walks into a bar... ...with nothing but a towel on. The bouncer stops him at the door and says, "Sorry pal--no shirt, no shoes, no service."       So the man goes, "What if I make it worth your while?"      The bouncer, taken aback, replies, "Buddy, you've got nothing on but a towel. What could you possibly have that would make me change my mind?" The man whispers into the bouncer's ear, and somehow is able to enter.      He approaches the bar, and grabs a stool next to a beautiful lady, who shrieks in terror and screams, "Help! This man just reached under his towel and crapped in his hands!!"
A farmer walks into a bar.... A farmer walks into a bar with a horse. He says, "I will give any of you $1,000 if you can make my horse laugh."  A man yells, "I'll take that bet," and leads the horse into the men's room.  After a couple seconds, a loud braying laugh is heard from behind the door. The farmer screams to the man, "OK, I'll give you $2,000 if you can make my horse cry."  The man shouts, "You're on!"  After a few more seconds, the man exits with the horse trudging behind him with tears streaming down his long-snout. Flabbergasted, the farmer asks, "How did you do it?"  The man replies, "I said that my d**k was bigger than his and he laughed. Then I showed it to him."
Two blondes walk into a bar... You'd think at least one of them would have seen it.
An Englishman, an Aussie and an Irishman walk into a bar They each order a beer, when they come all three have a fly floating in them. The Englishman immediately calls the waitress over and demands a new drink. The Aussie shrugs his shoulders and downs the beer, fly and all. The Irishman grabs the fly and yells at him “you thieving shit, spit it out, spit it out!”
Tyrion walks into a brothel with a honeycomb and a jackass... Madame: What can we do for you?  Tyrion: I need a woman to lay with, for mine has left me.  Madame: Whatever for? And what's with the honeycomb and the mule?  Tyrion: My woman found a genie in a bottle, and he granted her three wishes. The first was for a house fit for a queen, so he gave her this damn honeycomb. The second wish was that she have the nicest ass in all the land, so he gave her this damn donkey...  Madame: And what about the third wish?  Tyrion: Well... she asked the genie to make my cock hang down past my knee.  Madame: Well that one's not so bad eh?  Tyrion: Not so bad!? I used to be six foot three!
After entering a limbo competition, Paul walks into a bar He lost
Why did the ghost walk into the bar? For the BOOze!!!  (This is my 5-year-olds favorite joke) 
Two men walk into bar As they sit down, the bartender ask them what they want to drink First orders: I’d like some H2O, Second: I’d like H2O too.  At the end of the shift, one of them is dead
A porn enthusiast, a carpenter, and Alexander the Great walk into a bar. They came, they saw, they conquered.
A young guy walks into a bar and asks for 6 shots of Tequila.. The bartender asks what he is celebrating. He says his first blowjob.  The bartender says have one more on the house.  The guy says if 6 won't get the taste out, 7 won't help.
A bartender walks into a stable The horse says "Why the wrong place?"
A man walks into a bar  and sees his friend sitting beside a short man, about a foot high, playing the piano.  He says to his friend, "That's amazing. How did you get that?"  The man pulls out a bottle and tells him to rub it and make a wish.   He rubs the bottle, and a puff of smoke pops out and tells him that he can have one wish. So the man thinks and says, "I wish I had a million bucks."  The genie says, "OK, go outside, and your wish will be granted."  The man goes outside, but all he finds are ducks filling the sky and roads.  He goes back in and tells his friend what happened, and his friend replies, "I know. Did you really think I wanted a 12-inch pianist?"  EDIT: Some words to make it less obvious in the first line.  Thanks /u/trelltron
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar in Scotland and sits down beside an old man. They strike up a conversation and the old man says,   "Laddie, do ya see that stone wall out there? I built that wall with me own hands, but do they call me Angus the wallbuilder? No."   The guy nods appreciatively and the old man says,   "Do you ya see this bar here? I built this bar with me own hands, but do they call me Angus the bar builder? No sir."   The guy nods again and finally the old man says, "Arrgh...but ya fuck one sheep..."
Oxygen, Hydrogen, Sulfur, Sodium, and Phosphorus walk into a bar. The bartender says: "OH SNaP"
A man walks into a bar, notices a very large jar on the counter, and sees that it's filled to the brim with $10 bills. He guesses there must be at least ten thousand dollars in it. He approaches the bartender and asks, "What's with the money in the jar?"  "Well..., you pay $10, and if you pass three tests, you get all the money in the jar and the keys to a brand new Ferrari."  The man certainly isn't going to pass this up, so he asks, "What are the three tests?"  "You gotta pay first," says the bartender, "those are the rules."  So, after thinking it over a while, the man gives the bartender $10 which he stuffs into the jar.  "Okay," says the bartender, "here's what you need to do: First - You have to drink a whole quart of tequila, in 60 seconds or less, and you can't make a face while doing it."  "Second - There's a pit bull chained in the back with a bad tooth. You have to remove that tooth with your bare hands."  "Third - There's a 90-year old lady upstairs who's never had sex. You have to take care of that problem." The man is stunned! "I know I paid my $10 - but I'm not an idiot! I won't do it! You'd have to be nuts to drink a quart of tequila and then do all those other things!"  "Your call," says the bartender, "but, your money stays where it is.."  As time goes on, the man has a few more drinks and finally says, "Where's the damn tequila?!" He grabs the bottle with both hands and drinks it as fast as he can.. Tears stream down both cheeks -- but he doesn't make a face -- and he drinks it in 58 seconds!  Next, he staggers out the back door where he sees the pit bull chained to a pole. Soon, the people inside the bar hear loud growling, screaming, and sounds of a terrible fight -- then nothing but silence!  Just when they think that the man surely must be dead, he staggers back into the bar. His clothes are ripped to shreds and he's bleeding from bites and gashes all over his body.  He drunkenly says, "Now..., where's that old woman with the bad tooth?
A Hindu, a Christian, A Sikh, an atheist, and a Buddhist walk into a clinic... One of them is called to see the doctor, he goes in, and after a while leaves the clinic. After that, everyone else was angry because they had not received service from the doctor. They ask the nurse standing outside why this is so, to which she said: "I'm sorry, we only serve the sikh."
Two guys walk into a bar... The first guy walks up to the counter and says "I'll have some H2O please". The second guy walks up to the counter and says "I'll have some H2O too" The second guy dies
A biker walks into a bar He takes a look at the menu and it reads as follows:  Hamburger - 2.99  Cheeseburger - 3.99  Chicken Sandwich - 4.99  Hand Jobs - 19.99  The crusty old biker waves the bartender down, and up walks this tall, busty, beautiful redhead in her mid-twenties. She smiles at the biker, and he asks in a quiet voice "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" The bartender blushes slightly and says "Yes, I am" with a sexy little smile.   The biker grins and says "Well wash your hands, because I want a cheeseburger."  
A White Horse Walks Into A Bar (long) The bartender asks "What'll it be?" - The horse says "I feel like a whiskey but I can't make up my mind as to which one." - The bartender scans the shelf full of whiskey bottles and sees a bottle of White Horse Whiskey. He says "I know! I've got a whiskey named after you!" - The horse looks surprised and asks "You have a whiskey called Eric?" 
A Chinese man, an Indian man, and a French man walk into a bar... The bartender takes a look at them and says, " I seriously need a new job"
Two gay men walk into a travel agent's office... As they were flipping through the brochures, one suddenly says, "Hey, how about Greece this time?"  The other looks up confused and says, "Why, what's wrong with the Vaseline?"
So this woman walks into... .....a bar   and she says, "Give me an entendre. Make it a double."   So the bartender gives it to her.
Two animals walk into a bar. The third one's a duck.
A Business Man Walks Into A Bar An attractive 30something business man walks into a bar. You know the type. Well dressed with a suit and tie, briefcase, power hair, the typical young business executive with power.   He sits down at the bar and the bartender approaches.   "I'll take a beer" says the man.   The bartender walks away to fetch the beer and while the business man is sitting there he hears a strange voice.   "That's a really nice suit!"  The man looks around but sees no one around besides the bartender who obviously didn't say It.   Thinking he's just heard things, he shrugs it off.   Again he hears the voice.   "That's a really nice tie you have there!"  Startled, the man looks around the bar but again sees no one. Knowing that he's had a long day he again shrugs it off and just thinks he's got to be imagining things.   One last time he hears the voice.   "You know, that's a really nice pair of shoes you have on!"  By this point the man knows that he must be truly hearing it. The bartender walks back to the man with his nice ice cold beer. While the bartender is standing there the man asks "Bartender, what gives? I ordered my beer and started hearing a voice telling me I have a nice suit, and a nice tie, and nice shoes. But there's no one here!"  The bartender chuckles as he points to the bowl sitting on the bar.   "Oh! Those are the peanuts! They're complimentary!"
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel coming out of the front of his pants. The bartender looks up and says "Hey Pirate, you've a got a steering wheel coming out of the front of your pants!"  The pirate says "Argh, it's driving me nuts."
An American walks into a cafe in Italy and orders a drink. The waiter then takes the man to a back room and a fat American chick is there waiting. The chick says "so you want me to suck your dick or what?" Then he realized he had ordered a "grande Americano with room". 
A photon walks into a hotel A photon walks into a hotel. The desk clerk says, "Welcome to our hotel. Can we help you with your luggage?" The photon says, "No thanks, I'm traveling light."
Doctor walks into a bar Doctor smith always goes to a bar after work and orders a chestnut daiquiri.  One day he walks in and the bartender makes him a daiquiri.  The doc tastes the drink and says, "hey bartender is this a chestnut daiquiri?"  The bartender replies, "nope, we were out of chestnuts.  It's a hickory daiquiri doc."
A Chinese guy walks into a bar and sees a Black bartender. The Chinese man goes up to the bar and says,   "Give me a jigger, nigger."  The bartender, taken aback replies, "Man, that's not cool. You can't just walk in here and say that to me."  The Chinese guy just smiles from ear to ear.  "Give me a jigger, nigger!"  The bartender says, "How would you like it if you were behind the bar and I just walked up to you and said something like that?"  The Chinese man shrugs, "I wouldn't care at all."  So the two switch places. The Black guy makes his way outside, comes back in, walks up to the bar and says,  "Give me a drink, chink!"  The Chinese guy replies, "I'm sorry, we don't serve niggers here."
A White Horse Walks Into A Bar The bar tender asks "Why the long face?"
A Scouser walks into a gay bar He sits and the bar and minds his own business - all of a sudden one of the other gay patrons goes up and whispers in the scouters ear  With that the feller smashes his pint on the bar and and turns around ramming the broken glass deep into the mouth of the patron causing him to consume the broken glass to gag blood and drop to his knees. The scouser smashes his open mouth on to the edge of the bar smashing his teeth everywhere. He then drops him to the floor and forces his boot sole deep into the guys mouth. Exasperated, the scouser picks up the patron by the hair, walks the though doorways, smashes the door three or four times on his head and then walks across the car park and jumps both feet three or four times on his head and chest, massive pools of blood surrounding him.     The scouser walks back to the bar, orders another pint and sits quietly supping it  Eventually the barman plucks up the courage and asks the gentlemen what it was the gay guy whispered to the Scouser  He replied "Dunno like, but it was something about a job"
Guy walks into a bar and sees Hitler So a guy walks into a bar, and sitting at the bar across from the bartender is Hitler himself. The guy walks up to him and says "Hitler, you're alive? I thought you died a long time ago?"  "Aah, that's just a conspiracy. I've been in hiding, and now I have a new plan. I'm going to kill 6 million Jews and a giraffe" Hitler proclaims proudly.  "Why do you need to kill a giraffe?" Asks the man, puzzled.  Hitler looks at the bartender with a smirk and says "See, no one cares about the Jews."
A nazi walks into a bar... ... and concussed his head.
A North Korean Soldier Walks Into A Bar The bartender asks, "How's it going?" The North Korean soldier replies, "Can't complain!"
A piece of bread walks into a bar. A piece of bread walks in to a bar, he asks for a sandwich, the bartender says “sorry, we don’t serve food here.”
An Italian walks into a bar  ...and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman…   He gives her a quick glance then causally looks at his watch for a moment.   The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?"   "No", he replies, "I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it."   The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What's so special about it?"   The Italian explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically."   The lady says, "What's it telling you now?"   "Well, it says you're not wearing any panties."   The woman giggles and replies, "Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties!"   The Italian smiles, taps his watch and says, " Damn thing's an hour fast."
A chicken walks into a library A chicken walks into the library. It goes up to the circulation desk and says: "book, bok, bok, boook". The librarian hands the chicken a book. It tucks it under his wing and runs out. A while later, the chicken runs back in, throws the first book into the return bin and goes back to the librarian saying: "book, bok, bok, bok, boook". Again the librarian gives it a book, and the chicken runs out. The librarian shakes her head. Within a few minutes, the chicken is back, returns the book and starts all over again: "boook, book, bok bok boook". The librarian gives him yet a third book, but this time as the chicken is running out the door, she follows it. The chicken runs down the street, through the park and down to the riverbank. There, sitting on a lily pad is a big, green frog. The chicken holds up the book and shows it to the frog, saying: "Book, bok, bok, boook". The frog blinks, and croaks: "reddit, reddit, reddit”
A man walks into a bar... And says "Ow!"
Karen walks into a heavy metal bar... "Ow" Karen exclaimed,"that hurt"
A chicken walks into a bar As soon as he enters the bartender tells  him that the bar is closing.  The chicken , getting angry replies with , "But I crossed the road to get here."  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  Put this on r/ComedyCemetery if you want I don't care.
A fat guy walks into a bar A fat guy clambers into a bar after he finds out who his wife is cheating on him with and says “Who’s the bastard the cheating with my wife?”. You wanna fight me!”. No one says anything for awhile and then the cheater says “I would fight you....   But I’m kinda scared to fight a sumo wrestler”
A blind man walks into a bar... And a chair. And a table. And a wall...
A man walks into a bar and orders a whisky-coke. Barman : "Sorry Sir, we have only Pepsi".  The man : "I don't mind".  And the barman serves him a glass with half Pepsi, half Coke.
A drunk man walks into a bar... He gets soo drunk he pukes all over on his new suit.  A guy approaches him and says  -here’s $20 so you can get it cleaned   The drunk man says:  -thank you man  The drunk man goes to his house and his wife says:  -why do you have puke all over your suit?  The drunk man says:  -a man puked on my suit but he gave me $20!!  *the wife goes to his pocket and retrieves 2 $20 bills*, then says:   -I thought you only had 1 $20 bill.  The man says:   -the other 20 is for the poop in my pants
A young law student walks into a bar. And fails.
A blind man walks into a lesbian bar... He asks the bartender,"Do you want to hear a blonde joke?"   She replies,"You would regret that. You see that women at that table? That hero beat up ten men in Iraq and she is blonde. You see the women at the table next to us? That women is the best female MMA fighter in the world and she is blonde. And lastly I broke those tables at the side over their with a man's leg, and I'm blonde... So pick your words carefully."  The man then replies," Nevermind, nobody in here will get the joke."
A pig walks into a sports bar The waiter asks what would you like to eat.. Wait wait wait let me guess, you seem like a hot dog kind of guy.   Yes I know its dumb, I'll see myself out.
A bunch of bras that work construction walk into a bar on the Appalachian Trail.  Bartender says, “You can’t drink here unless you’re going to fix the weekly rock slides that keep blocking our roads around here!”  The bras who do construction say, “Yup, that’s why we’re here. We’ll fix you up for sure by installing over the shoulder boulder holders.”
Two german spies walk into London Pub One of them orders two martinis. The bartender asks - Dry? Spy replies "nein, nein! Zwei!"
A man walks into a pub and sits on a stool at the bar. The bartender asks him, "Would you like a drink?"  The man says, "Thank you, I'll have a scotch and soda."   The bartender serves the man his drink and says, "That'll be four-fifty."  The man looked surprised.  "Four-fifty what?"  "Four dollars and fifty cents.  That's the price of the drink."  The man said indignantly, "But you offered me a drink.  I shouldn't have to pay."  The bartender was getting perturbed and said, "Look, this is a bar.  It's assumed that you pay for your drinks here."  Someone from the other end of the bar interjected, "Hey, I'm a lawyer, and the guy is right:  you *did* offer him a drink."  Now the bartender was angry and he said to the first man, "Okay, you got me this time.  Now, finish your drink, get the hell out of here, and never set foot in my bar again."    The man did as he was told, and left, but came back 20 minutes later.  The bartender, seeing the man come in, said, "I thought I told you never to come in here again."  The man said, "What do you mean?  I've never been here before!"  The bartender said, "Didn't I throw your ass out here not 20 minutes ago?"  The man replied, "No, it couldn't have been me.  Like I said, I've never been here before.  I don't live in this city; in fact, I just flew in here half an hour ago, and I stopped in this bar before I went to my hotel."  The bartender says, "Really?  I find that hard to believe."  The man said, "Here, you can even look at my plane tickets."  The bartender says, "That's incredible.  You must have a double!"  The man said, "Thank you.  I'll have a double scotch and soda."
A fabulous bar walks into a bar. It was a dive dove diva.
Mr. Peterson walks into Cheers, and gets his usual greeting, which is everyone in the bar loudly shouting his first name. It was funny the first few times, but after that, it became the norm.
Two KGB Agents walk into a Moscow cafe After giving them a few minutes, the waitress walks over to take their order. "We'll both have the chicken pissoles" says one. The waitress looks at the menu and says 'Oh, that's a spelling mistake. It's not a "p" it's an "r"', pointing at the menu item. The KGB agent looks where the waitress is pointing and says "In that case, we'll have two chicken *ar*soles".  If you're not British, Aussie or New Zealand you may struggle with this.
A gay pirate walks into a bar He says to the bartender "I'll have a stiff Russian!" The bartender, seeing he's a pirate says "do ye intend to pay fer it?" The pirate empties his pockets and seeing that he's broke says "damn, what about the Irishman? Is he free?"
The past, the present, and the future all walk into a bar at the same time. It was tense.
A woman walks into a saloon and stands on a chair. "Fellas! My p***y is so big that I'll give $100 to anyone who has something that I can't take."   A big cowboy gets up and takes off his size 16 cowboy boots and shoves them into her p***y.   The boots are sucked right in.   He grabs a flashlight and, that too, is sucked in.   He puts his face in between her legs to get a better look and he gets sucked in.   Inside he hears noises.  "Is someone else in here?" he asks.  "Yeah, I've been in here for a week," the voice says.  "Help me find my flashlight and we can get out of here," the cowboy says.  "Hell," says the other man, "help me find my keys and we can drive out."
An angel walks into a bar He walks up to a blind patron and heals him. The formerly blind man stands up shouting "I can see! It's a miracle!"  The angel smiles and walks up to a crippled man and restores his legs. The man does a dance of joy and hugs the angel, who tells him to go in peace.   The angel then walks among some government workers celebrating after work. One of them, a one-legged man with severe diabetes, lupus, and one eye looks at the approaching angel and says "don't touch me - I'm on disability"
A man walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Why the long face?"  The man says, "I dislohated wy yaw.
Caesar walks into a bar Caesar walks into a bar and orders a martinus.   The bartender says, "Don't you mean a martini?"  Caesar says, "If I wanted a double, I would have ordered a double!" 
An American walks into an Irish pub An Irishman yells, "Oi, Yank! Are you Catholic or are you Protestant?"  "Err... I'm atheist," the tourist says awkwardly.  "Ahh, but which one don't you believe in?"
A guy walks into a bar with an alligator The bar tender says "sir you cant have that here! it will bite one of my customers and i'll get sued"  The man replied " Its quite the tame alligator- watch"  He places the alligator on the counter, unzips his pants, and places his package in the open gators' mouth and leaves it there for about 5 min. After that time he puts his package away and says "see? Anyone else wanna give it a try?"  A drunk man at the end of the bar spoke " I'll give it a try- but I don't think I can hold my mouth open that long" 
Two pilots with dark eyeglasses and canes walk into a plane Everyone starts to comment on it. And a guy asks the flight attendant: -Excuse me, but it looks that both the pilot and the co-pilot are blind, is this a joke? How are they able to pilot?  To which she answered -I’m sorry sir, but they are the best and most experienced duo in this Airline and we never had a single problem with them Then the guy felt a bit relieved but was still nervous and so were the rest of the passengers  The plane started and went to the runway. The plane started to take speed and it was taking very long to take off. All the passengers started to get very nervous, and the plane kept getting speed and wasn’t taking off, when the plane was almost crashing into the end of the runway everyone panicked and started to scream completely desperate and then the plane finally took off on the last second... Everyone breathed in relief and felt guilty for doubting the experienced pilot  After the plane was flying the co-pilot said to the pilot: -The day that those passengers don’t scream, we are totally fucked
Harvey Weinstein, Brett Ratner and Kevin Spacey walk into a bar... Except the bar is actually Peyton Manning on all fours spreading his asshole wide open. Harvey and Brett don't appreciate the "prank" as much as Kevin does so they call their buddy Jeremy Piven to pick them up. The three head to an open-bathrobe party at Ben Affleck's house  Meanwhile, Kevin is stuck in the "bar" but Peyton Manning is too old for him. So he orders a time machine from France, expedited shipping courtesy of Roman Polanski. The time machine arrives and he sets the year to 1991 and initializes the warp, but it malfunctions and Kevin Spacey finds himself in Dustin Hoffman's trailer on the set of Hook. Hoffman is reading his lines in the nude while hair and make-up try not to notice the fact he is furiously masturbating while doing so. Kevin Spacey leaves before things get sticky, and wanders out onto the set. He finds Bryan Singer and Jared Fogle hiding in the bushes eating Subway sandwiches. They are looking over a stolen copy of the script, excited about the fact there are so many child actors playing the lost boys in the film.  Steven Spielberg and Robin Williams show up on set and hear rustling in the bushes. To their horror they find Jared, Kevin and Bryan jerking each other off.. Their arms interlinked in the shape of a pentagram. All three men ejaculate onto the script before Steven and Robin can stop them, and the script bursts into flames while the three morph into giant demons. The pedophile demons begin to destroy the set looking for the lost boys while Robin does some quick thinking.. He gets an idea.. He drags Steven to his trailer... The two consume all of Robin Williams' supply of cocaine in 10 seconds. They actually do so much blow, that they can literally fucking fly.  They battle the three horny horned perverts from hell, Shadow of the Colossus style while the sky turns red and the earth begins to split open. The apocalypse has come. Robin Williams flys his sword right up Jared Fogle's ass and knocks him down the crevice, back to hell. Bryan Singer is no match for the coked out duo and his dick is sliced off by Steven Spielberg in a glorious cinematic "schiiiiing." But Spacey is the final boss. They hack away at his junk to no avail.. It has metamorphasised into an Academy Award!  They finally hack it off.. Best supporting actor for Ususal Suspects my ass! But he.. He sprouts another one. Even bigger and shinier! For Best Actor this time.. For 1999's American Beauty! FUCK   "We can't.. fight him... He's from the future! We don't ...have any academy awards yet!" Steve Spielberg and Robin shout at each other  The struggle continues until something remarkable happens. Dustin Hoffman's trailer explodes as he grows to 100 feet tall. His giant golden balls clanging together. TWO BEST ACTOR AWARDS! Kramer vs Kramer and Rain man! Oh fuck!!!  He's locked and loaded and been thinking about interns all day, and now he's taking aim at Spacey. "Whomst interrupted my fap?" he bellows  "Let's get the fuck out of here!" Spielberg shouts as he and Robin Willaims fly away. Dustin then unloads a sperm-tsunami that drowns Kevin Spacey, destroying the earth and all of humanity.  But lo and behold, Kevin pulled another Keyser Soze on us, as he floats through the cosmos as celestial pedo-dust.  Extraterrestrial beings pick up the Kevdust via their tractor beam and run him through their materialization lab. They construct a holochemographic version of Kevin Spacey and bring him to their supreme leaders.  "So uhm, do you mind explaining what the fuck happened to earth?" they ask him.  Kevin Spacey takes a long deep, breath.  "I'm gay."
A computer programming spider walks into a psychiatrist's. "Please help me, I have WebSphere!"
Two guys walk into a bar                    They’re alcoholics 
A man walks into a bar and notices a sign advertising "World Famous Punch!"The man thinks, "awesome! I love punch!" he approaches the bartender and asks, "hey barkeep, saw your sign. I'd love some punch!"the bartender replies, "sure thing buddy, you just have to wait in the line." The man looks around and doesn't see anything.
The Easter Bunny, Santa Claus, and the tooth fairy walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says “What is this, some kind of joke?”   
A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much a beer is The bartender says "for you, no charge"
A bear walks into a bar and asks for a whiskey....................................and a cola "why the big pause," the bartender asked  "I don't know, I was born with them."
A man walks into a bar in Alabama and orders a cosmopolitan.  A man walks into a bar in Alabama and orders a cosmopolitan. The bartender looks at the man and says,   "You're not from 'round here are ya?"   "No" replies the man, "I'm from New Hampshire."   The bartender looks at him and says, "Well what do you do in New Hampshire?"   "I'm a taxidermist," says the man. The bartender looks bewildered, so the man explains, "I mount dead animals."   The bartender stands back and hollers to the whole bar, "It's OK, boys! He's one of us!" 
A social misfit walks into his local bar  with a big grin on his face.     "What are you so happy about?" asks the barman.     "Well  I’ll tell you," replies the ugly guy. "You know I live by the  railway, well on my way home last night I noticed a young woman tied to  the tracks, like in the movies.     I, of course, went and cut her  free and took her back to my place. Anyway, to cut a long story short, I  scored big time! We made love all night, all over the house. We did  everything, me on top sometimes, her on top!"     "Fantastic," exclaimed the barman. "You lucky bastard. Was she pretty?"     "I dunno, I never found her head."             
A man walks into a bar... Ouch! 
A man walks into a bar... ...he approaches the barman and asks for a whiskey and coke.  "Take this apple."  "I don't want an apple. I want a JD and coke."  "Trust me, try the apple."  The man takes a bite, and exclaims "Christ! This tastes like Jack Daniels!"  "Yup. Turn it around."  "Wow!" He says after taking a bite from the other side of the apple, "This side tastes like coke!"  Before the man can ask the barman to explain the apple's mysteries, another patron walks in.  "Vodka and tonic please mate"  "Here's an apple."  "I don't want a fuckin' apple mate, I want a..."  "Trust me, try the man's apple. They're incredible!" Interrupts the first customer.  He takes the apple and begrudgingly takes a large bite and starts spluttering; "Bloody hell this tastes like neat vodka!"  Both the barman and the first customer yell "Turn it around!" in unison. The man obliges and exclaims "Wow! This tastes like tonic water. These apples are fantastic!"  A third man saunter's up to the bar; "Pint of IPA please mate".  "Hold on!" Says the second customer. "This guy has an apple in any flavour you want, it's incredible!"  "Any flavour?" Asks the third man.  "Any flavour you want sir." Say the barman.  "In that case, gimme an apple that tastes like pussy!"  "Um.. alright" says the barman as he hands him an apple.  The man takes a bite and immediately spits everything onto the bar.  "EEErrrughcchh!! This apple tastes like shit!!"  "TURN IT AROUND!!"
Michael Flynn walks into a bar All the other inmates laugh. 
Two scientists walk into a bar. "I'll have H2O," says the 1st.  "I'll have H2O, too," says the 2nd.  Bartender gives them water because he is able to distinguish the boundary tones that dictate the grammatical   function of homonyms in coda position, as well as pragmatic context. 
So three guys walk into a bar... You would've thought the third one would have noticed.
[Walks into a bar] A man walks into a bar.. And notices a large, single file line. He figures it's just the line to get a drink and gets in it without question. Half an   hour passes and the man finally gets the the front of the line. He starts to order his favorite drink when all of a   sudden the bartender interrupts him by punching him square in the face. Bleeding and confused, the man shouts   out, "Man what the hell?!"  The bartender just says, "What did you think would happen, this is the punch line"
A Pirate Walks Into a Bar The bartender immediately sees the man has an eyepatch and peg leg, but notices something strange.  The man has a steering wheel right on his crotch.  Bewildered, the bartender asks, "I understand the eyepatch and peg leg, but what's with the steering wheel on your crotch?"  The pirate looks down at the steering wheel, looks back up, and angrily shouts:  Arrrrr, It's been driving me nuts! 
A rabbit walks into a bar.. He asks the bartender if he has any carrots. The bartender replies "No, but the market down the road does." The rabbit leaves and comes back the next day asking the same thing, "do you have carrots?". The bartender, slightly frustrated tells the rabbit to not come back. The next day the rabbit returns asking "do you have carrots?" The bartender is so angry he pulls out all the rabbits teeth. The next day the rabbit returns yet again asking "Do you have carrot thoup?".
A man walks into a diner, and orders eggs Benedict with hollandaise sauce, served on a hubcap. The waiter, perplexed, asks him why. He responds:   “There’s no plates like chrome for the hollandaise...”
The Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar... And he doesn't
A three legged dog walks into a bar. "I'm looking for the man who shot my Paw."
A man walks into a saloon, draws his gun and shoots the piano player dead. “I’ve been itching to do that for a long time,” he says, “that bloody noise has been driving me mad.”   The barman beckons the man to one side. “Mind if I give you a bit of advice, Mister? If I were you I would file off any sharp edges on your gun and grease the barrel.”   “Is that supposed to make me a better shot?” asks the cowboy  “No, but you’ll find it’ll make things easier for you. That piano player you just killed has two big, mean brothers and when news gets to them about what you did, they’ll shove that gun right up your arse.”
A man walks into a pub in Wales.... And sees two overweight women sitting at the bar. He approaches them, and asks “Are you two girls from Britain?”. To this, one of the women reply sternly “It’s Wales you idiot!”. So, the man excuses himself, and asks them again: “Sorry, are you two whales from Britain?” 
A horse walks into a bar the bartender quips, "why the long face?".   The horse says, "my alcoholism is killing my family"
A panda bear walks into a bar eats, shoots and leaves.
An Aussie, a Brit, and a Kiwi walk into a bar... ...and find an American and a Canadian minding their own fucking business 
A man walks into his bedroom with a chicken...  and stares at his wife sitting in bed.  "Hey honey, heres the pig I fuck when you have a headache" said the man.  "Thats a chicken you dumb bastard" said the wife.  "I wasn't talking to you." the answer came.
A guy with a pumpkin for a head walks into a bar. The barkeep says, "what with the pumpkin head?"  The guy says, "well, I found a genie in a lamp, and he granted me three wishes, but I really blew it."  The barkeep asks, "what did you wish for?"  The guy says, "For the first wish, I wished for a million dollars, and I got that. For the second wish, I wished for a beautiful wife, and I got that."  The barkeep said, "Okay, but why the pumpkin head?"  The guy says, "That's from the third wish, which is where I really blew it."   The barkeep asks, "What happened?"  The guy says, "I wished for a giant pumpkin head." 
A panda walks into a bar...  A panda walks into a bar and gobbles some beer nuts. Then he pulls out a gun, fires it in the air, and heads for the door. "Hey!" shouts the bartender, but the panda yells back, "I'm a panda. Google me!" Sure enough, panda: "A tree-climbing mammal with distinct black-and-white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves."
Two men walk into a bar.. You'd think at least one of them would have ducked.
A goose walks into a bar....  A goose walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "I'd like to buy some peanuts." The bartender says, "Sorry, don't sell peanuts." The goose leaves.  The next day, the goose returns and again says, "I want to buy some peanuts." The bartender replies, a bit gruffly this time, "I already told you I don't sell peanuts." The goose leaves.  The next day, the goose comes in once again and yet again demands, "I want to buy some peanuts!" The outraged bartender yells back, "I told you, I don't sell peanuts! If you ask one more time, I'll nail you to the wall!" The goose leaves.  The next day, the goose walks into the bar and before the bartender can say a word, the duck asks, "Do you have any nails?" The bartender looks taken aback and says quietly, "Sorry, don't have nails." The goose asks, "Well then, do you have any peanuts?"
A guy walks into a bar and sees a horse behind the bar serving drinks The man takes a seat at the bar, mouth wide open, stunned. The horse is interacting with customers, mixing drinks, taking meal orders, and giving change.  Finally the horse sees the man, and says “What’s the matter, buddy? Never seen a talking horse before?”  The man says, “No, it’s not that. I just never thought the cow would sell the place.”
A joke walks into a bar and the bartender says, "welcome to r/jokes i haven't seen you before And the joke replies, "your memory must be bad, because i came yesterday". EDIT:Spelling.
A guy walks into a sperm donor bank wearing a ski mask and holding a gun.  He goes up to the nurse and demands her to open the sperm bank vault. She says “But sir, its just a sperm bank!”, “I don’t care, open it now!!!” he replies. So she opens the door to the vault and inside are all the sperm samples. The guy says “Take one of those sperm samples and drink it!”, she looks at him “BUT, they are sperm samples???” , “DO IT!”. So the nurse sucks it back. “That one there, drink that one as well.”, so the nurse drinks that one as well. Finally after 4 samples the man takes off his ski mask and says, “See honey – its not that hard.”
So a guy walks into a bar one day and he can’t believe his eyes... There, in the corner, there’s this one\-foot\-tall man, in a little tuxedo, playing a tiny grand piano.  So the guy asks the bartender, “Where’d he come from?”  And the bartender’s, like, “There’s a genie in the men’s room who grants wishes.”  So the guy runs into the men’s room and, sure enough, there’s this genie. And the genie’s, like, “Your wish is my command.” So the guy’s, like, “O.K., I wish for world peace.” And there’s this big cloud of smoke—and then the room fills up with *geese*.  So the guy walks out of the men’s room and he’s, like, “Hey, bartender, I think your genie might be hard of hearing.”  And the bartender’s, like, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve\-inch *pianist*?”  So the guy processes this. And he’s, like, “Does that mean you wished for a twelve\-inch penis?”  And the bartender’s, like, “Yeah. Why, what did you wish for?”  And the guy’s, like, “World peace.”  So the bartender is understandably ashamed.  And the guy orders a beer, like everything is normal, but it’s obvious that something has changed between him and the bartender.  And the bartender’s, like, “I feel like I should explain myself further.”  And the guy’s, like, “You don’t have to.”  But the bartender continues, in a hushed tone. And he’s, like, “I have what’s known as penile dysmorphic disorder. Basically, what that means is I fixate on my size. It’s not that I’m small down there. I’m actually within the normal range. Whenever I see it, though, I feel inadequate.”  And the guy feels sorry for him. So he’s, like, “Where do you think that comes from?”  And the bartender’s, like, “I don’t know. My dad and I had a tense relationship. He used to cheat on my mom, and I knew it was going on, but I didn’t tell her. I think it’s wrapped up in that somehow.”  And the guy’s, like, “Have you ever seen anyone about this?”  And the bartender’s, like, “Oh, yeah, I started seeing a therapist four years ago. But she says we’ve barely scratched the surface.”  So, at around this point, the twelve\-inch pianist finishes up his sonata. And he walks over to the bar and climbs onto one of the stools. And he’s, like, “Listen, I couldn’t help but overhear the end of your conversation. I never told anyone this before, but my dad and I didn’t speak the last ten years of his life.”  And the bartender’s, like, “Tell me more about that.” And he pours the pianist a tiny glass of whiskey.  And the twelve\-inch pianist is, like, “He was a total monster. Beat us all. Told me once I was an accident.”  And the bartender’s, like, “That’s horrible.”  And the twelve\-inch pianist shrugs. And he’s, like, “You know what? I’m over it. He always said I wouldn’t amount to anything, because of my height? Well, now look at me. I’m a professional musician!”  And the pianist starts to laugh, but it’s a forced kind of laughter, and you can see the pain behind it. And then he’s, like, “When he was in the hospital, he had one of the nurses call me. I was going to go see him. Bought a plane ticket and everything. But before I could make it back to Tampa . . .”  And then he starts to cry. And he’s, like, “I just wish I’d had a chance to say goodbye to my old man.”  And all of a sudden there’s this big cloud of smoke—and a beat\-up Plymouth Voyager appears!  And the pianist is, like, “I said ‘old man,’ not ‘old van’!”  And everybody laughs. And the pianist is, like, “Your genie’s hard of hearing.”  And the bartender says, “No kidding. You think I wished for a twelve\-inch *pianist*?”  And as soon as the words leave his lips he regrets them. Because the pianist is, like, “Oh, my God. You didn’t really want me.”  And the bartender’s, like, “No, it’s not like that.” You know, trying to backpedal.  And the pianist smiles ruefully and says, “Once an accident, always an accident.” And he drinks all of his whiskey.  And the bartender’s, like, “Brian, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean that.”  And the pianist smashes his whiskey glass against the wall and says, “Well, I didn’t mean *that*.”  And the bartender’s, like, “Whoa, calm down.”  And the pianist is, like, “Fuck you!” And he’s really drunk, because he’s only one foot tall and so his tolerance for alcohol is extremely low. And he’s, like, “Fuck you, asshole! Fuck you!”  And he starts throwing punches, but he’s too small to do any real damage, and eventually he just collapses in the bartender’s arms.  And suddenly he has this revelation. And he’s, like, “My God, I’m just like him. I’m just like him.” And he starts weeping.  And the bartender’s, like, “No, you’re not. You’re better than he was.”  And the pianist is, like, “That’s not true. I’m worthless!”  And the bartender grabs the pianist by the shoulders and says, “Damn it, Brian, listen to me! My life was hell before you entered it. Now I look forward to every day. You’re so talented and kind and you light up this whole bar. Hell, you light up my whole life. If I had a second wish, you know what it would be? It would be for you to realize how beautiful you are.”  And the bartender kisses the pianist on the lips.  So the guy, who’s been watching all this, is surprised, because he didn’t know the bartender was gay. It doesn’t bother him; it just catches him off guard, you know? So he goes to the bathroom, to give them a little privacy. And there’s the genie.  So the guy’s, like, “Hey, genie, you need to get your ears fixed.”  And the genie’s, like, “Who says they’re broken?” And he opens the door, revealing the happy couple, who are kissing and gaining strength from each other.  And the guy’s, like, “Well done.”  And then the genie says, “That bartender’s tiny penis is going to seem huge from the perspective of his one\-foot\-tall boyfriend.”  And the graphic nature of the comment kind of kills the moment.  And the genie’s, like, “I’m sorry. I should’ve left that part unsaid. I always do that. I take things too far.”  And the guy’s, like, “Don’t worry about it. Let’s just grab a beer. It’s on me.”
A doctor walks into a bank... When he goes to sign a check, he pulls a rectal thermometer out of his pocket.  He looks up at the banker and says "Dang it, some asshole has my pen!"
So a guy walks into a bar... On the counter, he sees a jar full of money.   He asks the bartender, “How can I get that money?”  She answers, “It’s simple. First, you have to drink an entire bottle of whiskey all at once. Then, there is a rabid pit bull out back and you have to take out it’s achy tooth. Finally, there is an elderly woman upstairs that needs an orgasm.”  He thinks to himself, “That’s easy.”  So he easily drinks the whole whiskey.  Then, he heads out back.  The bartender hears all kinds of yelping and whining and scratching and scuffling. Then, silence.  The man walks in, scratched and bruised.   He says to the bartender: “This is easy. now I just need to take out the grandmas tooth!”
A man walks into a psychologist's office... And he was wearing absolutely nothing but a piece of Saran wrap around his waist.  The shrink looks at him and says, "Well, I can clearly see your nuts."
A man walks into a bar.. "Ow, who the fuck put this here?!" 
Hitler walks into a mental asylum in 1935...  All the people yell 'Seig heil' and 'hail Hitler'. All except 1 guard. Hitler walks over to the man, and asks 'what's wrong with you?' The man responds ' Oh, I'm normal. Not like the rest of them.
A joke walks into a bar... and the Bartender says, "Hey weren't you just in here a few hours ago?!"  The joke replies, "No, you must be confusing me with my brother Repost"
An Australian chess player walks into a bar... A man sitting at the bar looks at him and says "Wow, you're the chess player everyone's talking about! Tell you what, I'll make you a bet. If you can beat me in a game of chess, then I'll buy everyone here a beer!"   The chess player accepts, and he and the man begin their game. After about a half hour, it appears that the man is winning. The man, confident in his abilities, says "Here, I'll raise the stakes. If you can beat me, then I'll buy everyone TWO beers!"   The chess player accepts, and they continue the match. About 10 minutes later, the man is so confident that he'll win that he says, "I'll up the ante even more. If you beat me, I'll buy everyone in this bar unlimited drinks!" The chess player accepts, and he begins to slowly start winning the game.  After a few short minutes, the challenger is defeated. He asks the chess player, "How did you beat me so fast?" The player replies, "Well, I may have beaten you, but it looks like you're the one with the bigger check, mate."
Helvetica and Times New Roman walk into a bar. Barthender : Get out of here, we don't serve your type!
A porcupine walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender nods, and asks him for his ID. “But why?” Asked the porcupine “It’s the law.” The bartender responded. “But why?” The porcupine asked again. “To keep children from being able to access alcohol.” The bartender responded, growing impatient with the porcupine. “But why?” The porcupine asked again. Annoyed, the bartender threw up his hands. “Why are you asking so many damn questions.” The porcupine then tilted his head, giving a small smile. “Oh, I’m sorry about that. I’m a porquepine.”
A man walks into a bar... The bartender greets him and says, "for 5 bucks, I'll show you something amazing."  The man agrees and hands over his 5 bucks.  The bartender pulls out a small piano and a guy who is only about a foot tall.  The guy sits down and plays an amazing tune on the piano.  "Wow he's amazing. Where did you get him!?!"  He bartender replied, "there is a genie on the corner, he'll grant you one wish."  The guy leaves the bar, finds the genie and says, "I want a million bucks!"  All of a sudden ducks start falling out of the sky.   The guy runs back to the bar to escape all the ducks and asks, "what's wrong with that genie? I asked for a million bucks, and ducks started falling out of the sky!"  The bartender shakes his head and says, "He's hard of hearing.  Do you seriously think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?" 
A man walks into a bar and sees two pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling. He asks the barman, "Why are those two pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling?"  The barman replies, "It's a competition which we run every night. If you can jump up and touch the meat, you get free drinks for the whole night."  "Great!" says the man, "but what if I can't reach them?"  "Then you have to buy all the drinks for everyone all night," the barman answers. "Do you want to try?"  "No, but thanks anyway."  "Why not?", asks the barman.  "The steaks are too high."
A guy walks into an IT place... He asks the IT guy for help with his computer. "My browser is acting dumb. The fullscreen button in the menu is broken, so I can't fullscreen. Is there another way to do it?"  "Of course!" Says the IT guy."It's a simple matter of pressing the function key and F11." He presses the keys, but nothing happens.  "Oh, I don't use the function key. I got all the functions remapped." Says the man.  The IT guy is confused. "Why would you do that? Do you even remember what you remapped them to?"  The man says "It's okay, I've got everything under control."
A man walk into a bar and asks for the Wi-Fi password. The bartender says “You need to buy something first.”  So the man buys a drink and then asks again for the Wi-Fi password.  The bartender replies “youneedtobuysomethingfirst, all lowercase, no spaces. Didn’t I tell you already?”
A Frenchman, an Englishman, and a German walk into a forest Suddenly, they see a bear. The Frenchman says, "Mon Dieu!". The Englishman says "Oh my god!". They look at the silent German. "Why haven't you said anything", they ask. He replies, "God is dead".
A bird, a cat, and a dog walk into a Korean Restaurant The bird asks for a salmon, and the waiter tells him enjoy. The cat asks for a steak, and the waiter says enjoy. The dog asks for dog food, and the waiter returns with a plate full of meat. He says to the dog, “Sir! I did not know we served cannibals here!”
A guy walks into a bar looking frustrated. The bartender asks, "What's the matter?" The guy replies, "Well I've got these two horses and I can't tell them apart. I don't know if I'm mixing up riding times or even feeding them the right foods."  The bartender suggests, "Why don't you try shaving the tail of one of the horses?"  The guy says, "That sounds like a good idea, I think I'll try it."  A few months later, he returns to the bar in worse condition. "I shaved the tail of one of the horses, but it grew back and I can't tell them apart again!"  The bartender says, "Why don't you try shaving the mane?"  A few months later the guy is back. "I shaved the mane of one of the horses, but it grew back!"  The bartender yells, "Just measure the damn horses. Perhaps one is slightly taller that the other one!" The guy storms out of the bar.  The next day, the guy runs into the bar. "It worked, it worked!" he exclaims. "I measured the horses, and the black one is two inches taller than the white one!"
A texan walks into an Irish bar and clears his voice to the crowd of drinkers. He says, "I hear you Irish are a bunch of hard drinkers. I'll give $500 American dollars to anybody in here who can drink 10 pints of Guinness back-to-back."  The room is quiet and no one takes up the Texan's offer. One man even leaves. Ten minutes later the same gentleman who left shows back up and taps the Texan on the shoulder. "Is your bet still good?", asks the Irishman.  The Texan says yes and asks the bartender to line up 10 pints of Guinness. Immediately the Irishman tears into all 10 of the pint glasses drinking them all back-to-back. The other pub patrons cheer as the Texan sits in amazement.  The Texan gives the Irishman the $500 and says, "If ya don't mind me askin', where did you go for that 10 minutes you were gone?"  The Irishman replies, "Oh...I had to go to the pub down the street to see if I could do it first".
A giant panda walks into a restaurant... He orders some food, which is promptly brought to him by the waiter. The panda finishes his meal, gets up from the table, and pulls out a gun. He shoots the waiter and without saying a word, exits the restaurant.  The waiter, still bleeding, runs after the panda. He catches up with the panda and asks,  “Why the hell did you just shoot me? What did I do wrong?” The panda replies, “Haven’t you ever read anything about pandas? It even says on Wikipedia, ‘A giant panda eats shoots and leaves’.”
A male feminist and a female feminist walk into a bar. At least I think the one was a female...
A man walks into a bar with a bag... He places the bag on the bar and pulls out a tiny piano, tiny stool and a tiny piano player, who begins to play music on the tiny piano.  The bartender was curious, and asked the man where he got it. The man pulls out an old genie bottle and an old, dusty genie pops out from the bottle. The man tells that this old genie grants only one wish and tells the bartender that he can have a go at it, but warns him that the genie is hard of hearing.  The bartender proceeds and whishes for 1 million bucks. Suddently the whole bar is filled up with 1 million ducks. Ducks and feather everywhere! Frustrated the bartender shouts: "I wished for a million BUCKS not a million DUCKS!". The man replied: "Yeah, and I didn't whish for a 12-inch Pianist".  (Read a book, Black Ops: Expeditionary Force (Book 4), and one of the characters told this joke there, and I had to share it.)
A time-stretched sinusoid walks into a bar... The bartender asks, "Why the long phase?"
A Skeleton Walks into a bar and says "I'll have a beer and a mop...."
Guy walks into a pharmacy And says to the clerk "14 packs of condoms please"  The clerk replies "Do you need a bag"  "No she's pretty"
A man walks into a sandwich shop He asks for a BLT on rye, pays for it and leaves. The next week he does the same and the week after that as well. Years go by and the man still comes for his weekly sandwich and is now a recognized face at the restaurant and is a friend of the owner. One day the owner asks him, "Why don't you ever get a different sandwich?" The man replies, "I like what I like but if you want, you can make me a different sandwich next week" So the next week comes and the man walks into the restaurant anticipating the new sandwich. The owner sees him and gives him the new sandwich. The man takes a bite, chews it, and swallows. He turns to the owner, a confused look on his face, "There's nothing new on this sub."
A lady walks into a pet store.... She sees a beautiful parrot with a sign on its cage: $10 OBO The lady asks the pet shop owner, "Why so cheap?" The owner says "This bird used to live in a brothel, so he says a lot of inappropriate things." The lady can't pass up the deal and decides to get the bird anyway. She gets the bird home and the first thing the bird says is "Finally cleaned up this dump, and the new madam isn't bad looking." The lady finds it amusing. Her two teen daughters get home and the bird says "New whores in the house, business will be booming tonight." The girls are shocked but laugh it off. A few hours later the Woman's husband gets home and the bird says "Hey Jim."
A very picky businessman walks into a hotel The man asks the lobby worker if any of their XL rooms are available The lobby worker tells the man they have 5 large open The picky business man cant choose which room he wants After 20 minutes of the man going back and forth on which rooms he wants the lobby worker hands him all 5 keys The lobby worker tells the man  "suite yourself" 
A feminist walks into a hardware store After a few minutes of browsing she notices that some products don't have a sticker and  asks a worker  " How much is this ice cream scoop"?  He replies "I'm sorry ma'am  that's a shovel"  She gets triggered and shouts "Don't judge me!"
A robot walks into a bar Says to the bartender, "I need to loosen up. Give me a Screwdriver."
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office He's wearing nothing but plastic wrap. The psychiatrist says, "no need for a diagnosis, I can clearly see your nuts!"
A angry man walks into a bar with a gun and yells "WHO SLEPT WITH MY WIFE! I'M GONNA KILL 'EM!” The bartender calmly stands up and says, "You ain't got enough bullets, mate." 
A man walks into a small diner, carrying a huge cat under his arm... he puts down the cat and orders twenty hamburgers and ten bottles of beer. He recieves the hamburgers, feeding them to the cat, which swallows them within a few minutes, then he downs all the beer, not even flinching once, puts his hand in his pocket taking out a large ammount of money and slamming it on the table. As he picks up the cat and turns around to leave, the owner of the restaurant asks: "Wait, please tell us the interesting story behind all those strange things we have wittnessed just now!"  The man turns back again. "See, some time ago i found a magic bottle with a djinn inside." "For releasing him he granted me three wishes, so i wished to never agin be short on money, I just have to look inside my pockets and I will always have just the right ammount of money on me." My 2nd wish was never ever having to suffer from the ill effects of alcohol, now I can drink as much as I want and Ill never have a hangover or get drunk out of my mind!"  "But why did you wish for a cat that can eat twenty hamburgers?"  "Oh that, the djinn got that wrong cause I asked him for an insatiable pussy!" 
Three logicians walk into a bar. The bartender asks, "Do all of you want a drink?"  The first logician says, "I don't know." The second logician says, "I don't know." The third logician says, "Yes!"
A man walks into the bar toilet, chooses a cabin, sits on the seat. He sees someone else's feet in the next cabin.. ..not minding him and trying to evacuate his bowels, suddenly, the man right next to him says "Hi..". Our protagonist, startled by this totally unexpected awkward salutation responds "hi?"... then the man continues "how are you doing?" our man answers "doing fine, how about you?"... the other man says "what are you up to?" ... our protagonist says "well, I came here to drink a beer after work, and you?"... the other man then says, "sorry honey, I have to hang up. this idiot in the other cabin keeps answering my questions."
A man walks into a bar and says, “Give me six double vodkas.” Pouring the shots, the bartender comments, “Wow, you must have had one hell of a day.”   “Yeah, I just found out my oldest son is gay.”  The next day, the same guy comes into the bar and asks for six more double vodkas.   When the bartender asks what’s wrong, the man says, “I just found out that my youngest son is gay, too!”  On the third day, the guy comes into the bar and orders another six double vodkas.   The bartender says, “Jesus! Doesn’t anybody in your family like women!?”  The man downs the first drink and shakes his head, “Yeah, my wife!”
A polar bear walks into a bar The bartender asks him what he wants to which the polar bear replies, "I'll have................a coke." The bartender looks at the polar bear suspiciously and gives him his coke. The polar bear drinks the coke and leaves.  He comes back the next day to the bar and the bartender asks him what he wants. He says "I'll have...............a coke." Again, eyes full of doubt, the bartender gives the bear the same glare, but gets him his coke. The polar bear drinks the coke and leaves.  He comes a third time to the bar, the bartender asking the same question to which he replies, "I'll have...................a coke." The bartender, not being able to hold his curiosity in anymore, asks the polar bear "What's with the pause?"  The polar bear looks at the bartender, raises his arms and says "You mean these?"    
(Engineering joke) A beam walks into a bar The bartender asks "what do you want?" The beam replies "give me a moment"
A raccoon walks into a bar “Ciao. One beer please” the raccoon says to the bartender.  “One beer coming up panda...”   “Let me just correct that for you right away, I’m not a panda, I’m actually a raccoon”  “Yes. One beer coming up panda...”  Now the raccoon was furious:  “I’m not a fucking panda OK? I’m a raccoon.”  The bartender rolled his eyes and replied:  “Oh shut up raccoon, let me finish my sentence. I was trying to say “One beer coming up and a bowl of nuts included in the price.””
Alden Ehrenreich, Taron Egerton, Ansel Elgort, Englebert Humperdinck, and Benedict Cumberbatch all walk into a bar. The bartender says “What can I get you lot?”  Taron Egerton tells him “Oy, bruv. How’s about a small wager? I bet you a round that you can’t remember our names by the end of the night. No writing them down or nuffin’, and we’ll only tell you once. If you win the bet, we’ll pay double in tips for all the drinks we get. D’we have a deal?”  The bartender says, “Ah hell, why not? It can’t be too bad. It’s a deal.”  The five gentlemen cheer and sit down at the bar to drink.  “Alright lads, what are your names?”  One by one they tell him, and each time the man’s eyes widen a bit. At the end he lets out a low whistle.  “I did agree to the deal, and I will honor it. But I can’t help feelin’ like you’ve set me up.” He shakes his head and goes back to tending the bar while the five men drink.  A few hours later, the men are reasonably sloshed but ready for the last round. Taron calls out to the bartender, “Come here man, we’re ready to see what you’ve got!”  The bartender starts walking over, slips and falls into the liquor shelves, pulling everything down and causing a scene. He stands up and begins swearing in every language he knows how to swear in.  The five men stand in awe, mouths agape. They all reach into their wallets and pay for their drinks—plus double again for tips—and bid the bartender a good night.    
A soldier walks into his commanding officers tent A soldier walks into his commanding officers tent and asks “Sir, I’ve lost my rifle, What do I have to do to get another” The Commanding officer says “Well if that’s the case we will take the 700 pounds out of your pay check to purchase a new one” the officer turns around to fill out the paper work but the soldier asks “out of curiosity, if i were to lose an armoured car, what would happen?” The officer responds “Well we would dock your pay until the 40 thousand pound price of the armoured car was paid off” The soldier turns pale “SO THATS WHY CAPTAINS IN THE NAVY ALWAYS GO DOWN WITH THEIR SHIP!”   Found that in a joke book sorry if somebody else has posted it before, love this subreddit by the way
A Lumberjack walks into a Magical Forest.. He finds a mighty tree and begins to chop it down. As soon as he starts chopping, the tree yells out "Stop it! I'm a talking tree!"  The lumber jack responds, "And you'll dialogue."
A white man, a black man and an orange man walk into the bar. The white man goes up to the bar to order a whiskey. The barman goes, "Hey, aren't you George Bush?" "Yes, I am" he replies. "Well Mr. President it's an honor." Then the black man goes up to the bar to get his drink. "Hey, aren't you Barack Obama?" asks the barman. "Yes I am", Obama responds. "Two presidents in my bar in one day; this is the highlight of my life" the barman gushes.  Then the orange man walks up to the bar. The barman immediately tells him to get out of the bar. Furiously, he asks why and the barman exclaims "Ted; you just got a new liver last week. Your wife would kill me if I gave you a drink."
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar, and upon sitting down is promptly told, "This bar is incredible! The bartender serves apples of any flavor, any one that you can think of!" "That's incredible, you can't expect me to believe that." The bartender looks up and says, "It's true, mate. Any flavor." "Okay, do you have coke and rum?" The bartender serves him an apple. "No way.. this tastes like coke!" "Turn it around" Says the bartender. "It tastes like rum!" Exclaimed the man. A second man takes a seat next to the two, hearing the commotion. "Hey, mate, you have to try this! The bartender can serve you any flavor apple that you can think of!" Says the first man. "You can't expect me to believe that!" He replies. "Any flavor." the bartender says. "Okay, get me a gin and tonic." He is handed an apple, and upon taking a bite his face lights up. "It tastes like gin!" "Turn it around" Says the bartender. "It tastes like tonic! I don't believe it!" he exclaims. A third man walks over, hearing the commotion. "What's the fuss about?" he asks. All three men who are already seated pipe up about the apples. "Any flavor, eh? Well... I doubt it. Get me one that tastes like pussy!" The bartender, as in the previous cases, hands the man an apple. The man revolts, and nearly throws up. "This tastes like shit!" He shouts. The bartender replies "Turn it around."
A man walks into an old-fashioned road-side dinner... He sits at the bar and watches the cook, wearing a dirty wife beater, make hamburgers.  The cook takes a ball of ground beef, places it under his armpit, then squashes it flat.  Finally he throws it on the grill and repeats.  After watching this a few times, the patron finally speaks out and says "that's disgusting!".  "You think that's bad?" Says the cook; "You should see me at six in the morning making donuts!"
An ex marine walks into a bar and yells out for a few shots. Seeing his anger and frustration, the bartender asks "what's eating at you?" Sighing, the marine goes "I wanted to bring my wife something nice from the forest for our anniversary. I tangoed with a crocodile, punched it in the face and claimed its fang. I met up with a bear, punched it in the face and claimed its fang. I encountered a mountain lion, punched it in the face, and claimed its fang. I wound them together, presented it to my wife, and all she could muster was "thanks..." Amazed and puzzled, the bartender asks, "where did the rest of the teeth come from?"
A giraffe walks into a bar And says "The highballs are on me!"
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer, bartender says “sorry, we don’t serve food here.” 
A horse, a man, a talking dog and a twelve-inch pianist all walk into a bar The barman says: "Is this meant to be some kind of joke?"
A man walks into his house and up to his wife with a duck under his arm... Man: “this is my pig”   Wife:  “that’s not a pig!”  man replies: “I wasn’t talking to you”  
An Englishman, a Scot and a Welshman walk into a bar. They order a pint of beer each. As they are served a fly lands in their glass.  The English man pushes the pitcher away in disgust.  The Scot removes the fly with a finger and drinks the beer.  The Welsh guy picks up the fly, holds it above the pitcher and shouts : spit it out.
A ghost walks into a bar. 'What will you have?' asks the bartender. Ghost replies 'I'm here for the boos'.
A black guy walks into a bar A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder and asks for a beer. The bartender brings a beer and notices the parrot on his shoulder and says, "Hey that's really neat. Where did you get it?"  The parrot responds, "In the jungle, there's millions of them."
A duck walks into a bar. He orders beer and says to the bartender 'put it on my bill.'
A group of fonts walk into a bar. 'Get the fuck outta here' shouted the bartender, 'we don't serve your type here'.
A guy walks into a bar... ...and sees three pieces of meat dangling from the ceiling. The guy is confused.   The bartender clarifies 'if you can jump up and slap those pieces of meat you get free drinks for the night. If you fail, you gotta pay for everyone else's drinks. Wanna try?'  The guy replies 'nah, the steaks are too high'
A sandwich walks into a bar A sandwich walks into a bar and orders food. The Bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve food here"
A bar walks into a physicist...... Oops, wrong frame of reference.
[NEW TO r/jokes.DON'T KNOW IF A REPOST] A dad walks into a market followed by his ten-year-old son.  The kid is spinning a 25 cent piece in the air and catching it between his teeth. As they walk through the market someone bumps into the boy at just the wrong moment and the coin goes straight into his mouth and lodges in his throat. He immediately starts choking, going blue in the face, and Dad starts panicking, shouting for help.  A well dressed middle-aged, moderately attractive but serious woman in a blue business suit is sitting at a coffee bar in the market reading her newspaper and sipping a cup of coffee. At the sound of the commotion, she looks up, puts her coffee cup down on the saucer, neatly folds her newspaper and places it on the counter. Then she gets up from her seat and makes her unhurried way across the market.  Reaching the boy, the woman carefully takes hold of the boy's testicles and squeezes gently at first and then ever more firmly. After a few seconds the boy convulses violently and coughs up the 25 cent piece, which the woman deftly catches in her free hand. Releasing the boy, the woman hands the coin to the father and walks back to her seat in the coffee bar without saying a word.  As soon as he is sure that his son has suffered no lasting ill-effects, the father rushes over to the woman and starts effusively thanking her saying, "I've never seen anybody do anything like that before-it was fantastic. Are you a doctor?"  "Good heavens, no," the woman replies. "I am a Divorce Attorney."
A Gorilla walks into a bar... And asks the barman for a pint of guiness. The barman says, "that'll be £50 please" and pours the Gorilla a drink.   The barman is intrigued and states "you know, we dont get many gorillas in here". Gorilla says "not surprised at these prices"
So a mushroom walks into a bar... Bartender: We don’t serve your kind here! Mushroom: Why? I’m a fungi!
A guy walks into a bar wearing a head to toe radiation suit The bartender says “I’ve heard of clothing that protects you from the elements, but this is outrageous”
So a mentally challenged man walks into a seafood restaurant... ...and sees a tank of live creatures. As an employee walks by, he grabs her attention, and asks, “Is that a breakdancing lobster?” He points at one of the creatures wildly flipping around and acting insane. The worker takes a moment and responds, saying, “No, that’s just a cray fish...”
Two hobos with a sausage walk into a bar. First one tells the other,   "Let's order a ton of food and drinks. Once we're drunk, I'll whip out this sausage link, and you go under the table and start sucking this thing. When security sees what we're doing, they'll have no choice but to kick us out before we pay."  For the next couple of hours, the hobos drink like never before. And sure enough, when the security guard notices what appears to be a blow job occurring at one of the tables, he kicks the hobos onto the street.  Laughing uncontrollably they hug each other for a successfully accomplished mission.  "Come on, let's go to the next bar and see if we can't play those suckers too."  They proceed to the bar in the next town. They drink, they sing, they laugh... The second one crawls under the table and before long they are ruthlessly kicked out again.  So they proceed to the next bar. And so on and so forth, their gimmick improving with each passing performance.   3 or 4 bars later, the second one complains to the first,   "Hey, great idea, man. But do you think we could switch roles? My back is starting to hurt from having to crawl under the table every time. Here, give me the sausage, and you go under and pretend to blow me this time."  "Sure, I don't mind switching roles. Problem is, security confiscated the sausage back at that first bar."
The number 1 walks into a bar where counting is banned... The bartender says "I'll serve you, but you better not start anything."
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar. You can't tell me that is a coincidence!
Girl walks into the BBC office for an audition Has difficulty walking back out. In hindsight she should have looked up the different abbreviations.
A pun, a play on words and a limerick walk into a bar. No joke.
A very good-looking man walks into a singles bar, gets a drink and takes a seat. During the course of the evening, he tries to chat with every single woman who walks into the bar, with no luck. Suddenly a really ugly man—and I mean a REALLY ugly man—walks into the bar. He sits at the bar, and within seconds he is surrounded by women. Very soon he walks out of the bar with two of the most beautiful women you’ve ever seen.  Disheartened by all this, the good-looking man asks the barman, “Excuse me, but that really ugly man just came in here and left with those two stunning women—what’s his secret? He’s as ugly as sin and I’m everything a girl could want, but I have not been able to hook-up all night. What’s going on?”  “Well,” says the barman, “I don’t know how he does it, but he does the same thing every night. He walks in, orders a drink, and just sits there licking his eyebrows...”
A fisherman walks into /r/Jokes A fisherman walks into /r/jokes where he meets a bartender. The bartender offers him a drink. The fisherman says he does not have money to pay, so instead he offers a trade-- if he can get the bartender to laugh at his joke, then the bartender should provide a drink for free. The bartender, a smug, old pirate of a man accepts. After all, he is a moderator of /r/jokes, so he has become very accustomed to not laughing.  The fisherman begins his tale. "Years ago, I set out on a whaling expedition, when a fellow sailor told me about the mystical golden fishing rod."  "Let me stop you right there" says the bartender. I can see where this is going. Golden rod. This is a sex joke. I've heard it before."  "No. It's not a sex joke" says the fisherman.  The bartender, fascinated, realizes that this may actually be OC.  The fisherman continues his tale. "There once was a mystical golden fishing rod that was said to be so powerful that anyone using it could catch any fish."  "Wait a minute" says the bartender. "I think you're in the wrong place. This sounds like the tale of Darth Plagueis. You want /r/prequelmemes down the street".  "No. It's not a prequel meme" says the fisherman.  The fisherman continues his tale. "One day, a little boy found the rod and used it to catch a lion fish. Neptune, god of the sea appeared. He was furious because the lion fish was his best friend. In retaliation, Neptune broke the rod into pieces, separating the rod and the reel. The little boy said 'Now I am sad'.  "Oh, come on!" said the bartender. "Hey, Sad. I'm neptune! You want /r/dadjokes. Don't waste my time".  "No. It's not a dadjoke" says the fisherman.  The fisherman continues his tale. "The boy took the pieces home, but they never worked again. Eventually, the rod was sold at a flea market, and the reel became the subject of many jokes."  The fisherman then asks "So, what did you think?"  The bartender, confused, looks up. "What? That's it?"  The fisherman nods.  The bartender, now, is very confused. It's OC, sure, but it doesn't make any sense.  He scratches his head and asks a question "What do you mean about the reel becoming the subject of many jokes?"  The fisherman says "I can't answer that here".  The bartender asks "Why not?"  The fisherman replies "The reel joke is always in the comments"
If a guy walks into a bar, what happens? He falls down. 
A rabbi, a priest and a buddhist walk into a bar The bartender says, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
A man and his girlfriend walk into a movie theater... A man and his girlfriend walk into a movie theater on a date. The man, thinking he’d impress his girlfriend, decided to be more sappy than usual, so he complimented her at the slightest things. He’d tell her how beautifully she spoke the the ticket lady, or how wonderful the way she walks is.   Then, they made it to the food stand. The man said, “One popcorn please!” to which the cashier replied, “How would you like it?”  The man said, “I’d like it like my girlfriend!”  The cashier said, “Sorry, we don’t sell ugly popcorn.”
A Russian walks into a bar and orders 4 shots of vodka The barman serves him his shots, the Russian drinks, pays and leaves.  A month goes by and the Russian is back. Orders 4 shots as the prior month, drinks pays and leaves.  Same on the 3rd, 4th and 5th months.  By the 6th month, the barman curiously asks the Russian why does he come in every month and always orders 4 shots. The Russian responds, my comrades and I used to get together every month and drink. We all moved to different locations and can no longer get together but we made a pack that each of the 4 of us will drink 4 shots every month to commemorate our friendship and time together.  The barman thinks to himself what a great way to remember old friends, serves him his 4 shots on the house that month. The Russian drinks and leaves.  2 years go by of the Russian showing up every month when Suddenly one month he only orders 3 shots. The barman baffled asks the Russian if his friends are okay (worried one might have passed away). The Russian responds:  Yes all my friends are doing great, I stopped drinking.
A pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his pants, a peg leg and a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender says, “Hey, you’ve got a steering wheel on your pants!”  The pirate says, “Arrrr, I know. It’s driving me nuts.”
A physicist walks into a bar and finds another physicist sitting alone drinking, so he walks up and asks if there's anything wrong. He responds, "I can't find the variable for the initial height of a problem I'm working on."  The other physicist said, "Y0?"
An American, a Japanese, an Egyptian, and a Frenchman walk into a bar. It was bizarre.
Two chemists walk into a bar Two chemists walk into a bar  The first one says “I’ll have some H20”  The second one says “I’ll have some H2O too”  Neither die because the bartender doesn’t have any hydrogen peroxide 
A guy walks into a bar and yells "Heya boyz it's me!" A guy walks into a bar and yells "Heya boyz it's me!"  Turns out it wasn't him.
A man walks into a bar... Has a couple of drinks, respects all the people in said bar, pays his tab, and then calls a Uber driver like a responsible man, than he goes home and goes to bed, wakes up with a light hang over because he only got a LITTLE bit drunk.
A man walks into a bar, looking depressed. The bartender, being nice, decides to ask him what’s wrong. “What’s wrong?”, he asks. The man replies: “I have these 2 horses, but I cannot for the love of God tell them apart! I don’t know which one to feed, which one to ride, or anything like that!”   The bartender, feeling sorry for the guy, offers a suggestion. “Maybe shave the tail off of one of the horses. Then you can tell which is which!”   The man immediately brightens up, saying “That’s a great idea!”, and runs off.  The bartender, satisfied, continues on with his day.  A few months later, the man comes in again. The bartender asks “How are your horses?”, and he responds “Terrible. The tail grew back, and now I can’t tell them apart again!” The bartender was internally laughing at this, but stayed calm and offered another solution. “Maybe shave the mane off of one! Then you can tell them apart again!”   Again, the man brightens up, leaving the bar.   ...and a few months later he came back.   The bartender, at this point getting frustrated at this guy, says “Oh, I don’t know! Measure the horses! Maybe one is taller than the other!”, and the guy runs out. A few hours later he comes back, yelling to the bartender:  “You were right! You were right! I measured them...  and the black horse is two inches taller than the white horse!”
A terrorist walks into a store "How much for this bomb?" he asks.  "$500", said the clerk.  "Will you take $450?" asks the terrorist.  "I'm sorry sir," replies the clerk, "We don't negotiate with terrorists."
A blind person walks into a bar He hits his head.
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel sticking out of his crotch. The bartender says, “that must be very uncomfortable.”   “Yarrr!” replies the pirate. “it’s drivin’ me nuts!” 
A Nazi walks into a bar A Nazi walks into a bar, looks around, and notices an older orthodox Jewish man seated at a nearby table. Barman, he says, "A round on me, for all your patrons, but not for the old Jewish geezer right there."  As everyone in the bar receives their drinks, he looks directly at the Jew with a nasty little smile. Surprisingly the Jew nods his head and sends a warm smile back. The Nazi is somewhat miffed, as this was not the reaction he expected.   So he goes back to the bar  "Barman, a second round for everyone but him, and this time take it all from the top shelf" Nazi looks again at the Jew, and notices that he is STILL smiling back, and even warmer than before  "Is that Jew a complete fool or what?" he asks the barman.   Bartender responds: "Oh no my generous friend, that gentleman is my boss and the owner of the bar"
A black man and an ukrainan walk into a bar A black man and a ukrainian walk into a bar in Moscow  They look at eachother for a while and then the black goes first:  Give me a shot of vodka!  -he says to the bartender  (he gets it and drinks it)  The ukrainian looks at him and orders a shot of whiskey  (he gets it and drinks it)  Give me a whole bottle of vodka!  -says the black man to the bartender  (he gets it and drinks it)  The ukrainian looks at him and orders a bottle of whiskey  (he gets it and drinks it)  The black man is out of ideas and breaks the vodka bottle on his head  So does the ukrainian...  The black man is again out of ideas and goes to unzip his pants, revealing his masive 25 cm dick, that even has a name  This is Bill   -he shows it off to the ukrainian  The ukrainian goes to unzip his pants too, revealing 2 massive 30 cm dicks  This is Chernobyl, he replies  &amp;#x200B;
A guy walks into a bar and tells the bartender he's short on cash. He proposes that he plays the piano in exchange for some drinks. The bartender agrees and the guy walks over to the piano and starts playing. The bartender and patrons are amazed at the beautiful sounds that are produced from this old piano. He plays several songs in a row. After about 20 minutes he walks up to the bartender and asks if that was worthy of a drink.   "Son," the bartender replies, "that was some of the most beautiful music I've ever heard. I had to turn my back at one point and dab my eyes because it was so overwhelmingly beautiful. I've never heard such touching music. What are the names of those pieces you just played?"  The pianists eyes lit up. "Thank you, sir. Those are all original pieces I wrote they just came from the soul. In order, I call them, My Dick Drips with Pus, You Ruined My Mattress With Period Sex, My Ass Ain't Shittin' As Much As Drippin', and the last one was Cum On Your Face and Shit In Your Hair."  The bartender is flabbergasted. "Look sir. Your music is really beautiful. I can't tell you how much it touched my soul. Stay here and play tonight and I'll give you a tip cup and all the drinks you want. I just have one condition," he continues.  "Thank you for the opportunity sir. What's your condition?," the flattered and humbled pianist asks.  "Man, your music is beautiful but promise me you won't tell the customers any of the names of your songs. Some..not me...but some people might be put off by your titles, but otherwise it's some of the best piano I've ever heard."  The pianist readily agrees and starts to play. The bar fills up and his tip jar begins to overflow. He's drinking more and getting a little tipsy. The crowd is drinking and is just enthralled by this music. It's great for business as the bartender is noticing a full place and people that normally walk by are coming in to listen. Patrons are buying the pianist drinks as well. After a few hours, the pianist is getting wasted and needs to take a break.  He manages to stumble to he bathroom and pees. In his drunken state, he zips up his dick. It's hanging out and bleeding across the front of his pants but in his wasted state he doesn't notice and heads back out to the stage.   The patrons immediately notice and a guy in the front row shouts out "Hey, do you know your bloody dick is hanging out your fly?"  The pianist gets the hugest grin. "KNOW IT? I WROTE IT!!!"
A rabbi, a priest, and an atheist walk into a bar. The bartender sees them and says, "What is this, a joke?!" 
A Serial Killer, Car Thief and Russian Spy walks into a bar And that was just the first guy
A pirate walks into a bar with a ships steering wheel down his pants. The bartender says to him “hey buddy, you know you have a steering wheel down your pants?”  The pirate yells in response “ARRR! It’s driving me NUUUTS!” 
(2 for 1) A mushroom walks into a bar... The bartender says “Hey we don’t serve your kind here,”  Mushroom says “why not? Im a fun guy”  —-  A string walks into a bar  The bartender says “Hey we don’t serve your kind here,”  The string goes out feeling dejected and sits on the curb. He absently ties a knot in his lower half before going back into the bar.  The bartender says “Hey! Aren’t you the guy that was just in here?”  The string say “I’m afraid not”
This Scottish fellow walks into a bar... ...And tells the bartender:  "A single malt Scotch!" Then turns around and says with a gesture of his arm that indicates everyone in the bar: "When Alec MacPherson drinks, eeeeeeeeeeeeverybody drinks!"  &amp;#x200B;  Hearing this, the people smile, get their drink and raise a glass to Alec MacPherson. After downing his Scotch, Alec MacPherson tells the bartender "Another single malt Scotch!" Then turns around and says, again, with a gesture of his arm that indicates everyone in the bar: "When Alec MacPherson drinks, eeeeeeeeeeeeverybody drinks!"  &amp;#x200B;  There's a roar of content in the bar. People get their drink and raise a glass to Alex MacPherson and give him a loud cheer.  &amp;#x200B;  Alec MacPherson finishes drinking his Scotch, places a small bill on the bar, turns around and says with a gesture of his arm that indicates everyone in the bar as he leaves: "When Alec MacPherson pays, eeeeeeeeeeeeverybody pays!"  &amp;#x200B;
A Duck walks into a bar Duck asks the bartender, "You got any grapes?'  Bartender says, "Of course not, this is a bar.  We don't have any  grapes."  Duck leaves but returns an hour later.  "Got any grapes?"  Bartender leans forward and says, "I told you before we don't have any grapes.  Get lost."  Another hour passes and the same duck enters the bar and asks again, "Got any grapes?"  By this time the bartender has had enough and warns the duck--"Look, I'll tell you for the last time we don't have any grapes.  If you come in here again I'm going to nail your feet to the floor!"  The duck leaves only to return an hour later.  He asks the bartender, "You got any nails?"  The confused bartender says, "No..."  Duck: "You got a hammer?"  Bartender: "What the hell? No!"  Duck: "You got any grapes?"    
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar. It was tense.
A horse walks into a bar Bartender asks: "what can i get you?"  The horse doesnt understand, shits on the floor and leaves.
Two elves walk into a bar A hobbit walks under and laughs
a blind man walks into a bar  And a table  And a chair
A man walks into a bank. He walks over to the teller and says to her "I want to open a fucking bank account."  The teller says "Sir, there is no need for that kind of language..."  The man says "What kind of language? All I said was that I want to open a fucking bank account."  The teller says "Sir, if you're going to keep using this kind of language, I'm going to have to call the manager."  The man says "And tell him what, exactly? That I want to open a fucking bank account?"  The teller gets up and calls the manager of the bank.  The manager says, solemnly, "What seems to be the problem here?"  The man replies "All I want to do is open a fucking bank account for one million dollars..."  The manager points to the teller: "And this cunt is giving you a hard time?"
A Russian walks into a Russian bar, and orders a beer. He was arrested for espionage within the minute.
A man walks into a bar and sees a sign that says, "Free Beer For Life If You Can Pass Our Test!" He asks the bartender, "What's this 'test' you have?"   The bartender says, "Well first, you gotta chug a gallon of pepper tequila. Next, you have to go out back and pull the sore tooth out of our angry alligator. And finally, we have a girl up stairs who's never slept with a man, and you gotta go make things right with her."   Laughing, the man exclaims, "Well that sounds like the stupidest test I've ever heard of!"   He leaves to get drunk with his friends. Later that night, the man comes back to the bartender absolutely hammered drunk.   "Ok bartender! Let's do this test!" He says.  The bartender hands him a gallon of pepper tequila, and before he could warn him, the man starts chugging it. Teary eyed and near the point of fainting, the man finishes the gallon and slams it on the counter.   Stunned, the bartender leads him out back to the alligator. A few minutes pass, and after some screaming and clatter, the man stumbles back in. His shirt is torn up and his body is bleeding profusely. He stares at the bartender and says,  "Ok bartender, where's the girl with the sore tooth?" 
A 300 page novel with a 50 page introductory essay written by the author walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Why the long preface?"
A duck walks into a bar...  And asks the bartender, “you got any grapes?” the bartender looks at the duck and says “no”, so the duck leaves. Next day the duck walks into the bar and asks “hey, you have any grapes?” the bartender tells the duck “no”, the duck leaves again. Third day the duck walks into the bar and again asks “you for any grapes?”  The bartender getting tired of the duck yells “No and if I see you again I’m coming to nail your feet to the floor”. The duck leaves again.  The next day sure enough the duck comes back to the bar and asks “do you have any nails?”  Confused the bartender says “no, why?” The duck then asks “ you got any grapes?”
A guy walks into a bar... and orders a rum and coke. The bartender tells they guy "coming right up" and reaches behind the bar, then places an apple in front of the guy. Confused the guy asks "what's this, an apple? I ordered a rum and coke." The bartender says "trust me take a bite". Reluctently the guy takes a bite. To his amazement he proclaims "wow this tastes EXACTLY like rum!" The bartender tells him to turn the apple around. Sure enough the guy turns the apple around takes a bite and says "wow this tastes just like coke!" and is satisfied. A couple minutes later a lady walks in and the same thing happens: she orders a gin and tonic, the bartender gives her an apple, one side tastes like gin she turns the apple around and the other tastes like tonic. Finally a third guy walks in and before he has a chance to order a drink the other two stop him saying "wait, before you order this bartender has any flavor you want in apple form". "ANY flavor I want!?" Asks the guy to the bartender. "ANY flavor you want" the bartender says. Being a smartass the guy says "ok then, I want an apple that tastes like pussy, you got that!?" The bartender with a smirk on his face says "do I have an apple that tastes like pussy" as he reaches behind the bar and places an apple in front of the guy. So as everyone watches the guy takes a bite "what the fuck is this, this apple tastes like shit!" The bartender says "turn the apple around". 
A blind man walks into a bar He now has a bruise on his forehead.
A horse and a hooker walk into a bar Horse: 2 tequilas please!  *take shots”  Hooker: Ewww what was that?!  Horse: a NAAYYYYYYY HO  (Anejo)
A T. rex walks into a bar. It sits down and orders a beer. When it is served the bartender says “oh, I forgot”, and bends down to pick up a long, hollow, pole. The bar tender then says “how’d you get in?” Then the bathroom door opens. A velociraptor walks out and says “hey, honey, I see you got your beer.” The T. rex says “that’s my husband.”  
3 guys walk into a bar    The first guy says "I have got the smallest arm in the world"   The second guy "I have the smallest head in the world"   The  third guy "I have got the smallest dick in the world"   The 3 guys go to the Guinness Book of World Records   The first guy comes back and says "I really do have the smallest arm in the world"   The second guy comes back and says "Amazing, I do have  the smallest head in the world"   The third guy comes back angry " Who the FUCK is JUSTIN BEIBER?  
A soldier walks into a bar. A man in the bar strikes up a conversation with the soldier.  "So sorry if I'm being rude, but how'd you lose your leg?"  "Explosion in the war. I miss my friends too much here and I want to go back. They won't let me with my injuries though."  "They still stationed in Afghanistan?"  "No, they're dead"  "My condolences. Have a beer on me."  "That's very kind of you sir but I'm not old enough to drink"
Gold and Silver walk into a bar... The bartender says, "Ey you, get outta here!"  So Gold left.
A gorilla walks into a bar A gorilla walks into a bar and orders a banana martini. The bartender thinks this is a little peculiar and then becomes aware he is actually dreaming. He wakes up from his dream and begins to tell his wife about the ridiculous dream he had. His wife just ignores him, the man rolls over and begins to sob because he realizes his marriage is in shambles.
A Bear walk into a Bar He sits down on one of the many chairs and orders: "I'd like one coke.............and one beer please".  The bartender gives him his drinks but asks: "Why the big pause?"  The bear looks down to his hands and says: "I was born with them"
An underage boy walks into a bar. The bartender asks him, "Why the wrong place?"
A man walks into a bar with a white horse... The barman says to the horse "there's a pub down the road named after you".  The horse replies "what, Henry?"  
A woman walks into a bar and asks for double entendre. The bartender gave it to her.
A man walks into a bar with a fish. He then walks to the bar and starts talking to the barman. The man claims that his fish can play the most amazing piano pieces, and could make everyone who listened cry. The barman didn't believe him, so the man asks for a wager. If the fish could play the piano, he would get a free drink. The barman agreed, and the man went over to the piano. He took the fish out, which promptly played the most amazing music. Everyone in the bar went silent, and when the fish had finished most of them were in tears. The man went over to the barman which was amazed! He gave him his free drink, and when he had finished, the man says to the barman that he also has a frog which can sing magnificent songs. He again wagers the barman that if his frog can sing, he can have free drink. He then takes a frog out of his pocket, puts it on a stool, and the frog starts to sing. The song is marvellous, and everyone in the bar again stops and listens to the song. And again, the man walks over to the barman for his drink. But before he can reach the bar, a man approaches him offering to buy the frog for £500. The barman shouts out in horror that he could make millions from the frog, and its worth at least a thousand times that. The man ignores him and sells the frog. He walks over to the bar with his money and starts to drink his drink. The barman-in shock-asks him why he sold the frog for such little money! The man replied "The fish is a ventriloquist".
A cheat, a liar and a thief walk into a bar The bartender says "Hello Mrs. Clinton!" 
A man walks into a bar and orders a martini. When its served a monkey runs up to the drink and lowers his balls into the martini. Shocked, the man yells at the bartender, "Did you see that? What are you gonna do about that?" The bartender says, "I can't do anything, the monkey belongs to the pianist." The man storms over to the piano player and says, "Do you know your monkey dipped his balls in my martini?"   The pianist thinks for a second then says, "No, but if you hum a few bars I'm sure I can pick it up"
Man walks into a Dr.’s office with a duck on his head. Dr. says, “May I help you?” Duck says, “Yeah – get this guy off my butt!”
A blind man walks into a bar... ...and a table...  ...and a chair...
a duck walks into a bar he asks "got any peanuts??"  the bartender says  "haha. I've heard this joke, but this isn't a lemonade stand. go away"  "but I want peanuts?" the duck says  "we don't sell any. go away."  so the duck walks away.  the next day, he walks back and asks the bartender:  "got any peanuts?"  the bartender says  "no, and we don't plan on getting any. buy a drink or go away, but stop asking"  so the duck walks away.  the day after he walks back  "got any peanuts?" the duck asks  the bartender yells "we don't have any fuckig peanuts, and if you ask again I'll nail your fucking head to the wall"  so the duck walks away.  the next day the duck walks back in and asks  "got any nails?"  the bartender says "no, stupid. this is a bar!"  the duck then says  "good. got any peanuts?"      
Three pieces of string walk into a bar.  First one goes up and asks the bartender for a drink. Bartender says 'sorry mate, we don't serve pieces of strings here'. The string sits down and his mate says 'I'll give it a try'. Again, the bartender explains that they don't serve pieces of string in the bar. The third piece of string says 'don't worry fellas, I'll get this'. He ties himself in a bow to neaten himself up, messes up his hair and walks up to the bar. He asks for three drinks. The barman looks at him and asks 'are you a piece of string?' 'No, I'm a frayed not.'
Two chemists walk into a bar... One says to the bar tender “I’ll have some H2O please”  The other follows up with “I’ll have some H2O too”  The second one dies.
A man walks into his house... A man walks into his house with a handful of dog turds, and he says to his wife, "Look what I almost stepped in!"
A blind man walks into a bar and then into a car. and into a wall.
Two men walk into a pastry shop. While the clerk is busy, on man, Don, reaches behind the glass cover and grabs three pastries and stuffs them in his pocket.  "See how easy this is?" Don says to John. I've never paid for a pastry in fifteen years, and I come here every day. I'd like to see you beat that."  John accepts the challenge and walks yo the counter.  "Wanna see a magic trick?" John says.  The clerk nods.  "Give me a pastry and you will see."  The clerk hands John a pastry. He eats it and asks for another.  The clerk hands him another. He eats it and asks the clerk for another. The clerk seems skeptical, but she hands him another.  As John swallows the last pastry, and grins.  "Now, if my friend, Don, will show us his pockets..."
A horse walks into a bar. BARTENDER: Why the long face?  HORSE: My wife's got terminal cancer
Noah's son walks into a kosher deli and orders a sandwich. "Sorry," said the owner. "We don't serve Ham."
A guy walks into a coffee shop He orders a coffee. The barista asks him if he'd like milk or cream. He responds "I'm allergic to the protein in milk." The barista replies "No whey?"
A horse walks into a bar "Hey", the Bartender says.  "Sure", the horse replies.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer... The bartender says "sorry, we don't serve food here."
A blind man walks into a bar with his seeing-eye dog. He stands in the center of the bar, takes the dog by the chain, and starts swinging him above his head.     Everyone stops and stares. Upset about the way the animal is being treated, a patron runs up to the blind man and demands, "What the heck are you doing?"     The blind man turns toward the patron and says, "Oh, nothing, just looking around."
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table and a chair
A man walks into a bar... ... And, throwing a glance back at the door, asks for a beer "before the argument starts."   Finishing it, he looks at the door again, and asks for another beer before the argument starts.  He then says to the bartender "okay, could you please give me a cocktail before the argument starts?"  "A cocktail? You haven't even paid for the beers!"  "And now the argument starts."
A horse walks into a bar And thus ended his dream of becoming a champion showjumper.
A vegan, a feminist, and an atheist walk into a bar... How do you know? *THEY ALL TOLD YOU*
A pony walks into a bar He orders a drink.  "I can barely hear you," complains the bartender.  "Can you speak up?"  "Sorry," the pony replies.  "I'm a little hoarse."
An old, blind cowboy walks into an all-girl biker bar by mistake. He finds his way to the barstool and orders some coffee.  After sitting there for a while, he yells to the waiter, "Hey you wanna hear a blonde joke?"  The bar immediatley falls absolutely silent. In a very deep, husky voice, the woman next to him says,  "Before you tell that joke, Cowboy, I think its only fair, given that you are blind, that you should know five things:  1. The bartender is a blonde girl with a baseball bat.  2. The bouncer is a blonde girl.  3. I'm a 6-foot tall, 175-pound blonde woman with a black belt in karate.  4. The woman sitting next to me is blonde and a profesional weightlifter.  5. The lady to your right is blonde and a professional wrestler.  Now think about it seriously, Mister. Do you still wanna tell that joke?"  The blind cowboy thinks for a second, shakes his head, and mutters,  "No.... not if I'm gonna have to explain it five times."
A chemist walks into reddit He does some research on certain posts and discovers that they are made up of atoms.  After some thought, he concludes that the posts at the top of r/all contain mostly hydrogen atoms, because hydrogen is the lightest element, so these posts naturally rise to the top. He decides to name these posts "H posts" (short for hydrogen posts).  Then, he concludes that posts at the bottom of r/all contain mostly uranium atoms, because uranium is the heaviest natural element, so these posts are naturally dragged to the bottom. He refers to these posts as "U posts".  The chemist then decides to walk into r/jokes. He quickly discovers that most of the top posts don't contain mostly hydrogen atoms, like in r/all. After some more research, he finds that many of the posts in r/jokes, not just the top ones, contain mostly rhenium atoms. So, he concludes that r/jokes is full of "Re posts".    Edit: changed helium to hydrogen
So three guys walk into a bar The fourth guy saw it coming and ducked.
A spark plug walks into a bar... Bartender says "I'll serve you, but don't start anything."
An Ethiopian walks into a bar... He dies.
A guy walks into a bar and takes out a tiny piano This guy walks into a bar and takes out a tiny piano and a 12 inch pianist.     He sets the tiny piano down at the bar, and the tiny pianist starts playing up a storm. The bartender looks at the man and says, "That's amazing, where did you get that?" The man replies, "There's a genie outside your bar that will grant you one wish."     The bartender runs outside and sure enough there is a genie. Without hesitation the bartender says "Genie, I wish for a million bucks!" The genie snaps his fingers and disappears. Instantly, a million ducks fly overhead.     The bartender walks back inside and says, "Hey man, I think there's something wrong with that genie. I asked for a million bucks, but he gave me a million ducks."     The man says, "You're telling me. You think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?"﻿      Not mine.  Found it on a Simpsons Youtube comment
A GRASSHOPPER WALKS INTO A BAR.  A grasshopper walks into a bar, and the bartender says, "Hey, we have a drink named after you!"  The grasshopper looks surprised and asks, "You have a drink named Steve?"
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar with an alligator. He call for everyone's attention, orders a beer and proceeds to put his balls in the gator's open mouth.  The gator closes its mouth, the man drinks the beer and then takes the bottle and whacks the gator on the head with it real hard. The gator opens its mouth and the man shows off his unharmed balls.  He looks around the bar and says, "I'll give anyone here a 100 dollars to try this."  There is dead silence in the bar, when suddenly a hand goes up in the back. A blond girl comes forward and says, "I'll give it a shot, just don't hit me so hard with the bottle."
A black piece of tarmac walks into a bar.. A black piece of tarmac walks into a bar, he's exhausted after a hard day's graft on the road.  The black piece of tarmac is huge in stature, built like a brick shithouse.. only tarmac.  It's a new bar and as he throws the door open the room falls silent and the ten foot tall monolith catches commands the attention of everyone in the bar.  He marched toward the bar and grunts 'your strongest draft, now, and your cheapest whiskey chaser'   Eager to assert dominance, he necks four pints and chasers alike,   Halfway through his fifth pint, the room once again falls silent, all eyes turn to the door of the bar, and in the haze of the cigarette smoke and the stale stench of piss and beer stands a short piece of pink tarmac.  The pink piece of tarmac stands about 3ft tall, skinny and looks worn down.   The pink piece of tarmac storms towards the black piece of tarmac and bellows 'YOU'RE IN MY FACKIN SPOT NOW I SUGGEST YOU FACK OFF BEFORE I LAY YOU OUT'   The black piece of tarmac, visibly shits himself, lowers his pint from his lips, and stutters 'alright m-mate s-sorry I didn't realise, here you go, I'll leave you be'  The black piece of tarmac heads to a booth in a  empty corner of the bar, and drowns his sorrows with more bitter.  The pink piece of tarmac sits smug upon his stool occasionally looking down on the black piece of tarmac in his corner of shame.  At the end of the night barman collects the empty glasses from the corner of the room and asks 'you alright mate?' to which the black piece of tarmac replies "not really mate, I didn't mean to cause any trouble, I've had a shit day and I just wanted a pint or two"  The barman reassures him and says...  'Don't sorry about him mate.. he's a cycle-path'
A man walks into a bar. He asks the bartender what special drinks he has.  The bartender said I have a new drink called Russian collusion.  The man says that sounds great.  The bartender hands him an empty glass
A termite walks into a bar and asks, “where’s the bar tender?”
The past, present and future all walk into a bar It was very tense
A physicist walks into a bar... It Hertz.
A Roman walks into a bar... He holds up his first two fingers and asks for five beers.
A chemist and a physicist walks into a bar... the chemist orders some water; the bartender asks the physicist what he wants, and the physicist replied: I would like some H2O too.  The chemists finishes her drink and leaves the bar. The physicist finishes his drink and leaves this world.
3 Germans walk into a bar ... SPANISH INQUISITION !
Scotsman, Englishman, and an Irishman walk into a bar Sitting in a bar the Scotsman says, "As good as this bar is, I still prefer the pubs back home. In Glasgow, there's a wee place. The landlord goes out of his way for the locals. When you buy four drinks, he'll buy the fifth drink."  "Well," said the Englishman, "At my local in London , the barman will buy you your third drink after you buy the first two."  "Ahhh, dat's nothin'," said the Irishman, "back home in my favorite pub, the moment you set foot in the place, they'll buy you a drink, then another, all the drinks you like, actually. Then, when you've had enough drinks, they'll take you upstairs and see that you gets laid, all on the house!"  The Englishman and Scotsman were suspicious of the claims. The Irishman swore every word was true.   Then the Englishman asked, "Did this actually happen to you?"   "Not to me, personally, no," admitted the Irishman, "but it did happen to me sister quite a few times." 
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar, and orders a drink. As the bartender pours his drink, he begins to hear little voices saying nice things to him. "Great tie, looks nice with those shoes." "Swell haircut."  He asks the bartender about the voices, and the bartender replies, "Oh. It's the peanuts, they're complimentary."
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar, notices a very large jar on the counter, and sees that it's filled to the brim with $10 bills. He guesses there must be at least ten thousand dollars in it. He approaches the bartender and asks, "What's with the money in the jar?" "Well..., you pay $10, and if you pass three tests, you get all the money in the jar and the keys to a brand new Ferrari." The man certainly isn't going to pass this up, so he asks, "What are the three tests?" "You gotta pay first," says the bartender, "those are the rules." So, after thinking it over a while, the man gives the bartender $10 which he stuffs into the jar. "Okay," says the bartender, "here's what you need to do: First - You have to drink a whole quart of tequila, in 60 seconds or less, and you can't make a face while doing it." "Second - There's a pit bull chained in the back with a bad tooth. You have to remove that tooth with your bare hands." "Third - There's a 90-year old lady upstairs who's never had sex. You have to take care of that problem." The man is stunned! "I know I paid my $10 - but I'm not an idiot! I won't do it! You'd have to be nuts to drink a quart of tequila and then do all those other things!" "Your call," says the bartender, "but, your money stays where it is.." As time goes on, the man has a few more drinks and finally says, "Where's the damn tequila?!" He grabs the bottle with both hands and drinks it as fast as he can.. Tears stream down both cheeks -- but he doesn't make a face -- and he drinks it in 58 seconds! Next, he staggers out the back door where he sees the pit bull chained to a pole. Soon, the people inside the bar hear loud growling, screaming, and sounds of a terrible fight -- then nothing but silence! Just when they think that the man surely must be dead, he staggers back into the bar. His clothes are ripped to shreds and he's bleeding from bites and gashes all over his body. He drunkenly says, "Now..., where's that old woman with the bad tooth?
A donut walks into a church and approaches the priest... "Excuse me, Father," the donut says, "I don't mean to trouble you, but I'm very interested in joining the clergy. I was hoping that you could give me some pointers."  The priest - after taking a moment to accept the fact that he's speaking with a pastry - offers a warm smile in response. "That is truly a noble calling," he says. "Most frequently, individuals who wish to become priests begin by growing active in their parish, then entering a seminary. While in attendance there, would-be clergy members work to excel in every regard, reaffirming their beliefs and devoting themselves to the path of righteousness. When the time comes, a given initiate will be ordained as a deacon, which will allow them passage to priesthood."  "That sounds like a very involved process," the donut confesses. "I'm not sure I have the time."  "If you don't mind me asking," replies the priest, "what made you think you wanted to join the clergy if you're not willing to make a commitment to the process? Why do you want to be a priest at all?"  "Well," the donut answers, "see, it's because I'm holey."
A penguin walks into a bar. The barman says " 'ello! What can I do you for?" The penguin answers "I'm looking for my brother, have you seen him?" To which the barman answers "Dunno, what's he look like?"
An octopus walks into a bar.. He sits down and the bartender asks him what he would like. The octopus says, "A glass of water please." The bartender passes him the glass, and  the octopus puts his tentacles into the glass and swirls them around. The bartender then asks,"Why did you do that?" The octopus says, " I don't know, I watched it in a Japanese documentary."
The Beach Boys walk into a bar... "Round?"  "Round?"  "Get a round"  "I get a round"
A guy walks into a bar and sees a gorgeous woman. He walks up to her, pulls out a huge tub of lard and spreads it all over her face.   "what the fuck are you doing you imbecile!?" shouts the woman, horrified  The man replies, "Im sorry, I haven't had much luck with women recently"   "no shit!" shouts the greased up lady  "I was told I'd have better luck if I try and butter you up first"
A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer. And a mop
Santa walks into a bar followed by 3 hydrogen monoxide molecules HO HO HO
An orange walks into a bar and asks for a drink... The bartender looks at the orange and says " sorry I don't speak mandarin" 
A man, his son, and his dog walk into a bar... “Ow!” “Ouchie!” “Woof!”
Retarded horse walks into a bar. Must be painful; he could have jumped over.
An old sailor walks into a bar with his penis stuck in the hole of a steering wheel. The bartender remarks on the unusual sight:  ”Are you aware that you have your dick stuck in a steering wheel?”  The sailor replies:  ”Aye, ah know, matey! It’s driving me nuts!”
A Goa'uld walks into a bar After a few drinks, he says to the bartender, "You know, I like this place, and I think you are a good host."
A guy walks into a pub in England... He sits at the bar and a beautiful barmaid, with ample cleavage on view, asks what he would like. He says " A pint and a pie and a few kind words".   So she brings him the pint and a few minutes later  brings him the pie. As she is walking away he says "What about the few kind words?" She looks at him seductively, leans over to show off her assets to the full and says "Don't eat the pie".
A man walks into a diner and asks for a bowl of soup Waiter: What type of soup would you like?  Customer: Chicken.  *Waiter screams to kitchen: One chicken soup!*  Customer: Scratch that, i'd like pea soup instead, please.  *Waiter screams to kitchen: Make the chicken pea!*  Customer: On second thought, i don't want any soup.
The teacher walks into the class… As she walks in is written on the board “Johnny has a huge penis”, she erase the board, and proceed class.  In the next day as she walk in, is written again in the board, “Johnny has a huge penis”, she them looks at the class and asks who wrote that, but no one answers. She then erase and start class.  Next day same thing, “Johnny has a huge penis” written on the board, she them goes mad, looks at Johnny and yells “I will speak with you after class young man!”  In the next day as she enter the class, written even bigger in the board is “Marketing is the key of success!”  Edit: fuck up a word.
A guy walks into a bar She then started yelling at me for assuming her gender
A perfectionist walks into a bar Obviously, the bar was set too low
A guy walks into a bar carrying a small box A guy walks into a bar carrying a small box, sits at a bar stool and starts quietly drinking his beer. After a short while the bartender approaches and asks about the box the man is carrying. The man replies “pay my tab for the night and I’ll show you what’s in the box”... the bartender (after thinking it over) just has to know what’s in the box. So he agrees, and the man pulls a little tiny guy out of the box with a tiny piano and the little man starts playing the piano like Beethoven. The bartender asks “where in the WORLD did you find this guy.” The man replies “I have a genie in a lamp, but he’ll only give you one wish, $1,000 and I’ll let you make a wish.” So the bartender pays the man, then rubs the lamp, a genie pops out and tells the man he has one wish. Without hesitation the man says “I want a MILLION BUCKS!” Poof, his bar is instantly filled with a million ducks. Puzzled and furious he looks at the man carrying the box. The man looks at the bartender and says “what, you REALLY think I wished for a foot long Pianist?!”
A man walks into a bar... He sits down and helps up a tiny man onto the bar, pulls out a tiny piano from his backpack, and the tiny man begins to play.   The more average sized man orders a drink and a few minutes go by until the bartender finally gives in.  "Alright, what's the deal with the pianist?" The bartender says.  "Well I was cleaning out my attic last week and happened across a lamp, with it being so dirty I gave it a polish up and before I knew it a genie was in front of me. He told me I could make a wish and he would do his best to make it come true.", The man replied.  "Neat!" Exclaimed the bartender. "Mind if I have a go?"   "Of course" the man replies and pulls the lamp out of his bag and hands it over.   The bartender walks out the back and a few minutes later hundreds of ducks come flying out of the room. They are all over the floor and don't seem to stop coming.   "God damn it!" The bartender comes back into the room whilst wading through a floor full of ducks. "I wished for a million bucks not a million ducks!"   "Hey...Don't blame me!" The man replies, "The genie is hard of hearing. You think I wished for a twelve inch pianist?"      
A man with a mask on walks into a bank... .....and goes to the desk.  He pulls out a gun and points it at the lady at the desk.  He says, 'Open the vault skank'.  The woman says, 'Sir, this is a sperm bank. We dont have any money here'.  The man says, 'Open the vault right now or I'm going to blow your fucking head off'.  She opens the vault and turns back to the man and he said, 'Take out one of those jars'.  The woman said, 'please sir, I promise you we dont have any money here. This is a sperm bank'.  The man said, 'Take out one of those jars right now or I'll blow your fucking head off'.  The women turns, grabs the jar and looks back to the man and he said, 'Take lid off and swallow it'.  She looks at him in disgust and pleads to him saying, 'Sir, this is sperm. Please, I'm not drinking sperm. We don't have any money here. Please leave'.  The man says, 'Take the lid off and drink it or I'll blow your fucking head off'.  So the woman takes off the lid and kicks it back real quick and swallows it with little to no problem then turns to look back at the man and to her amazement he took off the mask and it was her husband.  He looked at her and said, 'See! It's not that fucking difficult, is it !'. 
A man walks into a bar. Ouch.
A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder... He orders a beer.   Popping off the cap, the bartender says “Wow! Where did you get that?”  The parrot replies, “Africa.”
A man walks into a bookstore... *1:13 pm on a crisp autumn afternoon in Toronto*   A man on his lunch break walks into an old, dusty, bookstore, book in hand.   He starts to look around in the tiny shop. After being unable to find what he is looking for, he approaches the old owner at the front desk.   Owner: "What can I help you with, young man?"  Man: "I am looking for a particular book, do you have it in your shop?"   Owner: "I can certainly help you look for -- *owner notices the man's book*   Owner: "Say, what is that book you walked in with?"    Man: "Oh this book, *the man proceeds to explain about his book* have you read it?"  *Mrs. Marjorie walks into the store, owner apologies to the man and shows her around the store*   *Owner hastily returns to his desk where the man is still waiting*   Owner: "I do apologize for that, young man"   Man: "Don't even worry about it"   Owner: "Now you were saying something about...?"  Man: "Yes, I was asking if you had rea--"   *Owner cuts him off*   Owner: "Ah yes! You were asking if I "read it?"   Man: "Yes."   Owner: "Of course I Reddit son! What is your username?"   
A man walks into a bar and orders a drink... ... Suddenly he hears someone say, "Hey, nice tie!" The man looks up to try to find out who said it, but no one was around.  "Hey! Nice shirt!" The man looks up again, but there's nobody there.  "Hey! Nice suit!" The man then calls the bartender over and asks him if he keeps talking to him.  The bartender replies, "It's not me; it's the complimentary peanuts."
A distressed guy walks into a bar... He sees his friend sitting at the counter and he pulls out the $60 dollars he owes him and gives it to him while ordering a shot for himself.  "Thanks man," his friend said. "But what's wrong with you, you all right?"  The distressed man looks at his friend, sighs, and downs his shot. He replies:"Well, I  was out at the camp yesterday and 20 bucks fell out of my pocket and down the outhouse hole."  "Ah," his friend replied. "What did you do?" His friend ordered another shot and andwered, "Well I got another $40 out and threw it down there too."  "WHAT!" his fried exclaimed. "Why in the world would you do that!"  The man downed his shot and answered indignantly: "You don't think I'd go down there for just $20 did you?!"
Kellyanne Conway walks into the Red Hen for dinner She's about to butter her bread when she summons over the waiter. She asks, "Do you have any margarine?" The waiter replies, "Sorry, we don't serve alternative fats"
A guy walks into a bar On the tenth floor.  He chugs a beer, walks to the window and jumps out. Five minutes later the guy who jumped out the window walks back into the bar, drinks another beer and jumps out the window. Five minutes later he comes back up. The guy asks, "how are you doing that?". So the man tells him that chugging the beer releases carbonation, so when he jumps out of the window he floats down. So the other guy is like, "I have to try this" so he chugs a beer, jumps out the window and splats on the ground. The bartender turns to the first guy and says "superman, you're such a dick".
A skeleton walks into a bar. He says to the bartender, give me a pitcher of beer and a mop. 
Man with authority walks into a bar He orders everyone a round 
A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers. He shouts to the barkeep “Five drinks please” 
A pirate walks into a bar, then stuffs a steering wheel into his pants... The bartender asks, "Isn't that uncomfortable?" So the pirate says, "Arrr, it be drivin' me nuts!"
A man walks into a butchers, The butcher asks would you like to buy 8 legs of venison for £200. The man replies, no that's to dear.   Damn auto correct  
A Roman walks into a bar... He raises 2 fingers and says I'll have 5 drinks please.
Two chemists walk into a bar.. The first says, "Can I have a glass of H2O?" The second chemist says, "Can I have a glass of water, too?" The first chemist breaks down in tears — his assassination attempt has failed.
A man walks into a bar...    A man walks into a bar, already buzzed from the last bar he went to. On the counter he sees a large jar full of hundred dollar bills. He asks the bartender what it is.   "Put a hundred in and find out"    He yells "Fuck no!" and storms out of the bar. Later he comes back drunk from bar hopping, slams a hundred in, and says "Tell me what it's about!"   "Okay," she says "There are three challenges. Complete all three and you get all the money in the jar. Fail to complete them and your money stays in the jar. You can attempt the challenges or you can take your money and leave the bar."   "I'm stayin'! Tell me the challenges!"   "The first challenge is to drink a whole pepper tequila in under a minute. Second, theres a Rottweiler out back with a sore tooth in the back of its mouth. Third, there's an old lady upstairs who hasn't had sex in years, go have sex with her."  He accepts the challenges and downs the tequila. By this time he's stumbling drunk, and tripping over himself on the way to the Rottweiler.    Barking, screaming, and crying is heard from outside. Finally he comes back in ghe building bloody, scratched and bitten. His clothes torn all over as he looks at the bartender and says "Wheres the old lady with the sore tooth?"
A blind man walks into a bar And a door. And a table. And a staircase.
Obi-wan walks into a space bar He sits down and is asked what he wants. He is served his usual drink, an U'tini mixed drink. (2 shots of vodka, usually Smirnoff, a 1/2 shot of Tatooine curacao, and a squirt of lime) As he sips on it, he notices that it tastes a bit different than usual. He looks curiously at it before turning to the bartender. "Did you put anything new in my drink?" The bartender looks up and  replies that it is as normal as it could be. "No. Not a bit. Curacao, lime and Abs-" He is interrupted by Obi-wan force pushing him into the wall behind him and his lightsaber at the throat. Obi-wan clearly states "So you are the sith lord we have been hunting!" The bartender of course denies this, until a hidden lightsaber is pulled out from under his coat by Obi-wan. Having no choice, the sith lord surrenders and is taken into custody in the jedi temple. Obi-wan is commended for capturing someone who managed to elude them for months. When asked how he did it, he replies. "Simple. Only a sith deals in Absolut." 
A skeleton walks into a bar He asks for a beer and a mop.
Pirate walks into a bar. With a steering wheel in his pants and says “arrrg she’s driving me nuts”
A black man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder. “That’s pretty neat!” The bartender says, “Where’d you get him?”  “Africa.” Says the parrot.
A man with a pickaxe walks into a bar and orders a pint The barman says "Sorry we don't serve minors here"
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar with a black eye, sits down, and orders a drink.  Bartender: Geez, what happened to you?  Man: I was at church today, and when we all go up to sing, the girl in front of me had her dress tucked into her buttcrack. I didn't think she was comfortable, so I untucked it for her, and she turned around and socked me in the eye!  The next week, the man returns to the bar, this time with a bloody nose.  Bartender: What happened this time?  Man: I was at church with my brother, and when we all got up to sing, the girl in front of me had her dress tucked into her buttcrack again. My brother noticed this, and untucked it. I knew that was a bad idea, so I helped her out and tucked it back in!  Edit: Formatting
A blind man walks into a bar. The blind man sits down, thinking he'd break the ice with the bartender by asking "Wanna hear a blond joke?" In a hushed voice, a man beside him says "Before you tell that joke, you should know our bartender IS blonde, or bouncer is blond, I'm a 6'4" black belt, the man sitting on the other side of me is 6'2, 250lbs, and a rugby player. The guy sitting next to you is pushing 300, 6'6, and he's a wrestler. We're ALL blond. So you think about it mister, do you really wanna tell that joke?" The blind man sat for a second, thinking over the odds and then replied "No, not if I have to explain it five times."
A man walks Into a bar and orders a beer He gets his drink and adds a little something to it and this macho guy comes in grabs his drink and slams it down. The man begins crying immediatly tears pouring down, he just seems so distraught.   The macho man tells him he is sorry offers to buy him another drink. The man goes   "it's not that today is the worst day of my life, I woke up and my car wouldn't start so I walked to work. When I got there my boss fired me for being late. So I walked all the way home in the pouring rain and when I got there I caught my wife with another man in our bed. I walked to the closes bar sat down poured poison into my drink and you drank that!"
A frog walks into a bank A frog walks into a bank. He approaches the teller. The tellers name is Paddy Whack.  The frog says, "my name is fred Jagger. My father is mick jagger, and he knows your manager well. Im here to get a loan for $30,000"  Paddy is slightly taken aback. She tells fred that for that amount of money fred will need to offer something for collateral.  "Thats fine" says fred, "i have this"  The frog hands paddy a small ceramic elephant.  Paddy goes to speak to the manager.  "Theres a frog out there. He wants a loan. He said his name is fred jagger and that you know his father well. He gave me this as collateral and i have no idea what it is"  Paddy holds up the ceramic elephant.  The manager responds, "thats a knick nack paddy whack, give the frog a loan, his old mans a rolling stone"
A grasshopper walks into a bar. The bartender says, "We've got a drink named after you." The grasshopper says: "You've got a drink named Steve?"
Plato walks into a bar. And he realises that the bar is not a real bar. In fact, it contains the concept of 'a bar'.  Then, with an amazed face, he says:  "This bar is ideal!"
A guy walks into a bar and asks "Do you serve lawyers?" The bartender responds "Yes, of course!"     The man then says "Well then. I'll have a beer for myself and a lawyer for my alligator."
**LONG** A cowboy walks into a bar... A cowboy walks into a bar and has a seat. "What can I get for you?" the bartender asks. "Vodka, but I'll take the whole bottle." He replies.  "Something wrong?" "Yeah, I have a problem with my horses. I want to train one of them to be a race horse and one to be a work horse but they look the same!"  The bartender thinks it over and says "Why don't you cut one of their tails off?"  The cowboy says "Great idea!", immediately lightening up, and walks out.   *2 months later*  The cowboy walks back into the bar, looking depressed again.  The bartender says "How'd it go?" "It worked great for a month or so, but then the tail grew back, and I can't tell them apart again!" The bartender thinks it over again and says "How about you cut off one of their manes??"  "That just might work..." The cowboy replies and runs out.   *2 months later*  The cowboy comes back again, visibly disturbed.  At this point the bartender doesn't really give a shit and before he even sits down says "Just go measure there height or something!" The cowboy leaves the bar.  *1 year passes*  The cowboy runs in and hugs the bartender, who stares at him awkwardly. "IT WORKED!!! THE BLACK HORSE IS 2 INCHES TALLER THAN THE WHITE HORSE!!!"
A lawyer walks into a bar The bartender looks at him and asks “The usual?” The lawyer nods. The bartender then serves a glass full of ice. Just-ice was served...
A weasel walks into a bar... A weasel walks into a bar.  The bartender is stunned.  “Wow I’ve never seen a weasel in my bar before!” exclaims the bartender. “What kind of alcohol would you like?” The weasel looks over the menu and shakes his head.  The bartender says, “Okay no booze. Is there anything I can get for you? It’s on the house!” “Pop.” goes the weasel. 
A woman walks into a bar With a duck under her arm   She sits beside a man and he turns to her immediately saying   “OH MY GOD where did you get that pig?”  She said “That ain’t no pig!”   He said  “Hell I was talking to the duck”
Two men walk into a bar The third ducks.
A man walks into a bar. He orders 4 shots of whiskey from the bar. He drinks them. The bartender pours another 4, which he drinks. The bartender- "You seem to be in a really good mood!" The customer- "I'm pretty excited abut my first blowjob!" The bartender says "Congrats, have another shot on me!" The customer replies "No thanks, if 8 shots of whiskey won't get rid of the taste, I don't think 9 will either!"
A man walks into a bar and orders 4 shots of whiskey. The bartender lines them up and the man knocks them back one after the other. Then the man orders 4 more, again the bartender lines them up and the man knocks them back. The bartender says, "Gee, buddy I've never seen anybody drink like that." The man replies, "Youd drink like that too if you had what I have." "Oh my god" buddy! What do you have?" The man winks and says... "fifty cents." 
A guy walks into a bar and sees a piece of meat hanging from the ceiling... The guy asks, “what’s this about?” The bartender replies, “well, if you can jump up and slap the meat, you get free drinks for the rest of the night. If you miss, you pay for everyone’s drinks for the next hour. You wanna do it?” The man replies “nah the steaks are too high...”
Charlie Sheen, Amy Winehouse, and Keith Richards walk into a bar. The bartender, local drug dealer, and in house pimp all get measured for a new suit
A thief, a murderer, and a lier walk into a bar. The Bartender says: "What will it be, Senator?"
So, a pirate walks into a bar with a ship's steering wheel stuck to his crotch.  Bartender: "You know you got a ship's steering wheel attached to your crotch?"  Pirate: "Aye, it's drivin' me nuts!"
An old singer walks into a bar An old singer walks into a bar and comes to a bartender: -Hey there. I would like to sing in your bar, for some liquid reward -Well, that sounds fine, but can we hear some of your songs first? Singer agrees, stands up and announces: The first song is called “I’m gonna fuck your ass untill you shit on me”. Then he proceeds to perform an outstanding song, having all the attention from people in the bar, everyone being impressed. After a short break, he comes with a second song, which is called “i want you sit on my face with that hairy cunt”. The song is even better than first, audience is completely speechless, someone even burst in tears.  -Okay, you got a deal! - says bartender. -but can you maybe not announce your songs before you sing them?  Singer agrees, and walks out for bathroom break. When he returns, bartender notices that the zipper on his pants is fully opened with all his manhood visible. He quickly approaches the singer and whispers: -Hey, your dick hangs out, you know it?  -Do i know it? I wrote that song myself!
A man walks into a bar. "Oww!" he said
A Man Walks into a Bar He then sees a guy lighting his cigarette. He walks over to him and notices something strange.  He asks the guy why his lighter was so big.  The guy says "My genie gave it to me."  The man then asks if he could get a wish.  "Sure", said the other guy.  So the man asks for a wish.  "I wish to have 1 million bucks."  Then 1 million ducks waddle into the bar.  "I said bucks not ducks!" The man said.  The guy replied with "you think I asked for a 12 inch bic?"
A cowboy walks into a bar He heads to the bartender and asks for a shot of whiskey. While the bartender serves his shot, he finds the cowboy's dick on the counter. The cowboy proceeds to the drink his shot and says:  'The name's Bill, Big Bill' and then leaves.   Another cowboy enters the bar. Heads to the bartender, asks for a shot of whiskey, but the bartender is surprised to see a way bigger dick on his counter. The cowboy drinks his shot and says:  'The Name's Bill, Hung Shlong Bill' and then Leaves.   A third cowboy enters the bar. Heads to the bartender and asks for a shot of whiskey. This time the bartender is shocked find 2 dicks and 2 pair of balls on the counter. The cowboy drinks his shot and says:  'The Name's Bill, ChernoBill' and then leaves.
#NSFW #Religion - A porn actor walks into a hair salon He is seated behind a nun. And struck with her beauty, he tells her:  "I wanna have sex with you."  She turns her head and looks at him with disgust.  "I'm a nun. I can't do those things."  Irritated, she stands and leaves the hair salon. The barber comes to him and says:  "I know how you can have sex with that nun."  The porn actor, intrested asks about the details and the barber says:  "Every tuesday at midnight, she prays at the cementery. If you wear a robe and paint yourself in white, she'll think you're God and she'll do whatever you say."  On tuesday, he does as he was adviced and goes into the cementery in the middle of the night, wearing his robes and painted white. And there he finds her. Praying knelt down between some trees.  He jumps out of a bush and says:  "My child, I'll answer your prayers, but first you'll have to make love to me!"  "Your highness! Okay but from behind because I wanna keep my virginity."  The porn actor went about his business with her, and after twenty minutes in, he confesses:  "I'm actually the porn actor from the hair salon, haha."  "And I'm actually the barber, haha."
A vegan, an Italian and a Prius owner walk into a bar. I know this because they told me when they walked in the door.
Helen Keller walks into a bar Then a table, then a chair.
A horse walks into a bar. It was about then the bartender decided he should seek help for his drug addiction.
[Long] A guy walks into a bar... He tells the bartender, "I'll take a jack and coke." The bartender hands him an apple. "What the hell?" The guy says. The bartender tells him to take a bite. He takes a bite, "Whoa, it's jack!" The bartender says, "Turn it around." The guy turns it around and takes a bite. "Whoa, it's coke!"  Another guy walks into the bar and says, "Vodka and Sprite." The bartender hands him an apple. "What the hell?" says the second guy. The first guy says "Just take a bite" So he takes a bite, "Whoa it's vodka!" The bartender tells him to turn it around. "Whoa it's Sprite!"  Now a midget walks into the bar. The second guy says, "This bartender can give you an apple that tastes like anything you want." "Really? Anything?" says the midget. "Yes, anything." The midget says "Pussy!" "Pussy?" "Yeah, pussy!" The bartender hands him an apple. He takes a bite out of it. "Ew! This tastes like shit!" The bartender says "Turn it around!"
George W. Bush walks into a bar. George W. Bush walks into a bar.  The bartender asks "what will it be?"  Bush gives the bartender a blank a look  the bartender asks again "what will it be?"  Where is the teleprompter?    Don't kill me! This is my first joke :&lt;
What does Mr. T say when he walks into a buffet? I pity the full!
A priest, a paedophile and a rapist walk into a bar... He sits down and orders a drink.
A blind farmer walks into a female biker club... A blind farmer walks into a female biker club and ask the bartender if she wants to hear a blonde joke. The bartender carefully reminds the farmer that a lot of people here are blondes and everyone here is armed with baseball bats, pistols, and shotguns, and that the bodyguard is armed with a machine gun. "Ah I don't even want to say the joke anyways," the farmer responds. "I'd have to repeat the joke five times before you guys even get it."
A preacher, a rabbi and a mullah walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them and says: "what is this, a joke?"
Man walks into doctors office with a frog on his head... Doctor: can i help you?  Frog: yeah,  get this thing off my ass!
A pirate walks into a bar... With a steering wheel attached to his pants. The bartender says "Hey, you've got a steering wheel on your pants"   &amp;nbsp;The pirate replies "Arrr, it's drivin' me nuts!"
A vegetarian walks into a bar And everyone knew it cause she spoke about it every 2 minuets 
A man walks into a dollar store He jizzed.
Two strings walk into a bar The bartender asks, ”What can I get you two fine gentlemen?”  The first string says, “I’m a frayed knot.”
A grasshopper walks into a bar The bartender says “Hey you know we got a drink named after ya!”  The grasshopper replies: “Really? You have a drink named Steve?”
A man walks into a shop and says "Fork handles" The clerk gives him a couple of fork handles.  The man says "Plugs" so the clerk gives him a couple of 14 amp electric plugs.  "Got any Os?" He's handed some plastic letter Os.  "Got any peas?" He's given some tinned peas.  "Pumps," the man utters. Within a short while, he's given a pair of size 9 pumps.  The man pays his bill and leaves the shop.  "Pleasant chap," the clerk says aloud. "I wish every customer was as clear and precise."
A man walks into a newsagent and says, “One copy of yesterday’s newspaper please.” The next day he does the same thing, walks in and asks for a copy of yesterday’s paper.   After a few days of this, the clerk asks as he’s handing him his paper, “Hey, why do you always get yesterday’s paper, not today’s?”  “Because, “ replies the man, “I don’t want any spoilers.”
A hot milf walk into a bar... The bartrnder asks.. "Can i see your id?"  The milf blushes and giggles while showing her id and asks " Oh my im old enough too be your mother. .."  The bartender says oh i know,  i just want to know where you live!  (Stab stab stab!)
The Dalai Lama walks into a pizza joint... The person behind the counter asks, "How can I help you?"  The Dalai Lama replies, "Can you make me one with everything?"
3 ducks walk into a bar 3 ducks walk into a bar, the first duck called Bob, goes up to the bar and says "It's been a hard day give me one of your strongest"  The bartender says "What have you been doing all day?"   The duck responds saying " just normal duck stuff, going in and out of puddles all day" and then walks away.   The second duck also called Bob walks up to the bartender and says "I've been in and out of puddles all day, I need something strong!", he is served his drink and walks away.   The third duck then goes up to the bartender and the bartender says "let me guess, your name is Bob and you want something strong because you've been going in and out of puddles all day?"  The duck says "no, my name's puddles."
A drunk man walks into a bar and yells "all lawyers are assholes!" After the drunk finishes his outburst, a man in the bar yells " I reject that!"  "why, are you a lawyer?" the drunk sneers.  "No, I'm an asshole!"
A Vegan, A Bitcoin trader and someone who didn't vote in 2016 walk into a bar... Who do you think will tell you about it first?
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The bar tender: “What’ll it be, boys?” The first mathematician: “I’ll have one half of a beer.” The second mathematician: “I’ll have one quarter of a beer.” The third mathematician: “I’ll have one eight of a beer.” The forth mathematician: “I’ll have one sixteenth of a …” The bar tender interrupts: “Oh, fuck the lot of ya!” …and he pours a single full beer.
So, this horse walks into a bar... Bartender says “Why the long face”?
A law student walks into a bar exam 
A roman walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says, “five beers please”
A blind person walks into a bar Sits down and says  "Wheres my drink!?"
A cowboy walks into a bar... ...and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman. He gives her a quick glance then causally looks at his watch for a moment.  The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?"  "No", he replies,"I just got this state-of the-art watch, and I was just testing it.."  The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What"s so special about it?"  The cowboy explains, "It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically."  "What's it telling you now?" The lady asks.  "Well, it says you're not wearing any panties."  The woman giggles and replies "Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties!"  The cowboy smiles, taps his watch and says, "Damn thing's an hour fast."
A blind man walks into fishmarket .. And says: Good morning, ladies!
A man walks into a bar. Turns out he was in his prison cell.
A polar bear walks into a coffee shop... He asks for an iced latte.  Later when he receives it, he takes it back.  "I have a problem, the ice is melting"
Two ducks walk into a bar... The third one guys.  
A Pirate Walks into a Bar A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants.  Bartender: Hey bud, ya know you have a steering wheel in your pants?  Pirate: Aargh, I know. It's drivin' me nuts!
A ventriloquist walks into a bar (Long) Starts doing his stand-up routine, where he’s really trying to establish himself. After too many jokes ending with awkward silences punctuated with a few small titters of laughter, he decides to go to ol’ faithful and break out the ol’ ventriloquist dummy. He hones in on the easiest target he can think of straightaway, and starts firing off the blonde jokes.  It’s an instant hit and he starts getting the laughs he’s been hoping for. But, after sitting angrily through several jokes, a young blonde woman stands up and shouts “HEY!!! I’ve heard enough of these stereotypical jokes!! It’s people like YOU who give us blondes a bad name!”  Flustered, the comedian trips over his own words for a moment. He only manages to blurt to the woman, “Miss, I’m so sorry. Truly- I didn’t mean any offense.” To which she replies, “You stay outta this mister! I’m talking to that little shit on your knee!”
Two gentlemen walk into a bar and sit down. The first man asks the bartender for some "H2O." The second man, nodding in agreement says, "I'll have some H2O too."  The bartender quickly gets their drinks together and sets it down in front of them. The first man takes a sip of water and comments how refreshing that was.  The second man pulls out a knife and stabs the first man a bunch of times until he's dead, and yells, "That's for screwing my daughter!"  With blood now all over the second man, he takes his own beverage cup and cleans up the blood with the H2O2.
A Roman walks into a bar sticks two fingers up to the barman and says, "Five beers please."
A fish walks into a bar. "What'll it be?" the bartender asks. "Gin? Whiskey?  "Water," the fish says, and collapses.  •  ^this ^is ^what ^you ^get ^when ^jokes ^are ^OC
A guy walks into a bar He sits down and takes a tiny man and a piano out of his pocket, puts it down and the tiny man starts to play. "Where did you get him from?" Asked the bar man. "I got him from a genie" says the man. "Would you like a turn?" He says offering the lamp to the bar man. Of coarse the bar man takes it, rubs the lamp and says to the genie "I wish for a million bucks!" And BAM the entire bar is full of ducks. "What the hell!" Exclaimed the bar man, "I wished for a million bucks, not ducks!". To which the man replied "do you really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?
A women walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a double entendre So the bar tender gives it to her.
two men walk into a bar the third goes under
A guy walks into a bar   A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat. Before he can order a beer, the bowl of pretzels in front of him says “Hey you’re a pretty handsome fella.” The man tries to ignore the bowl of pretzels, and orders a fine Pilsner beer.     The bowl of pretzels then says “Oooh, a Pilsner, what a great choice. You are a very smart man.”    Starting to freak out, the guy says to the bartender “Hey what the hell, this bowl of pretzels keeps saying nice things to me!”    The bartender says “Don’t worry about it, the pretzels are complimentary.”
A blind man walks into a bar with his seeing-eye dog... A blind man walks into a bar with his seeing-eye dog. After standing there for a few seconds, he suddenly starts swinging the dog around in circles at the end of its leash.  The bartender, understandably nonplussed, asks, "Excuse me, sir... Can I help you?"  "Oh, no, thank you," replies the blind man. "I'm just looking around."
A man walks into the doctor's with an awful rash on his penis The doctor asks if the man had been overseas recently, to which the answer was yes (he had just returned from a holiday in Asia).  The Doctor says "I'm sorry to tell you that you have Hong Kong Dong and your penis needs to be removed."  The man was shocked and extremely upset. He left immediately to seek a 2nd opinion.  Then a 3rd. All of the doctors came to the same conclusion- his penis would need to be removed.  In a last ditch effort to save his prized possession, he returned to Asia to visit the best urologist he could find.  He walked into the office, showed the doctor his penis and explained that he had seen several doctors  who all explained he had Hong Kong Dong and his penis needs to be removed.   The Doctor laughed and said "Relaaax! It Hong Kong Dong! You don't need to have your pee pee removed!"  The man was swept with an overwhelming sense of  relief and asked "What do I do next?"  The Doctor replied "just wait about a week. It will have fall off by then!"
A bartender walks into a Rabbi, a Priest and a Sailor. The bartender says, "Man I need to stop drinking."
A man walks into a bar. Ouch.
A man walks into a bakery and asks the store owner if he has a thousand loaves of bread  The owner looked at the man likes he’s crazy and said “sorry we don’t stock that much bread at once”  The man comes in the next day and asks the owner “do you have a thousand loaves of bread”  The owner replies “I told you already, we don’t stock that much bread at once!”  The same thing happens the next day. At the end of the day the store owner decides to make a thousand loaves of bread in the hopes of making a huge profit!  The store owner spends all weekend working hard and makes a thousand loaves of bread.  On Monday, the man walks into the store again and asks the owner “do you have a thousand loaves of bread”  The owner smiles and replies “Yes, today we do indeed!”  The man shakes his head and says “you're going to make a lot of dough if you're able to sell them all!”  And walks away
A man walks into a bar It really hurt
16 Sodium atoms walk into a bar...followed by Batman Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Batman!
A guy walks into the bar looking for a lady of the night... He strikes out a few times and is drinking at the bar, when a pretty woman sits next to him and strikes up a chat. Assuming she's a prostitute, he asks her bluntly, "Ok lady, how much for a hand job?". "$100" she replied without hesitation. He says, "$100? Why so much?". The lady points outside and says, "See that Ferrari out there? I paid for that car giving out hand jobs". Intrigued, he had to see just how special she was at giving a HJ. They go to the bathroom and afterwards he comes out and exclaims, "Holy hell! That was incredible! Best I've ever had by far". The week goes by and he comes back again and the same woman is there. Without trying his luck with the others he asks her, "OK. How much for a blow job?". Again, without skipping a beat she said, "$600". He almost falls out of his chair and says, "That's insane! How could a BJ cost that much?". Like the week prior, she pointed outside and said, "See that mansion up on the hill? I paid for that place giving out blow jobs". Determined to see just how good she was, they go into the bathroom again. Afterwards, he tells her, "That was unbelievable! Incredible! I've never felt that good in my entire life!". The following week, he sees her again and sits down. "Ok lady, you knew it was coming. How much is it going to cost me to have sex with you?". The guy turns to him and says, "Man, if I had a pussy I'd own this town".
A man walks into a magic shop and sees a small wooden box on the rack. He reads the label on the package: 'COIN DUPLICATOR'. Excited and ready to impress his friends, the man buys the coin duplicator and rips the package open.   &amp;#x200B;  He opens the box, places a quarter inside, and closes it. He presses  a red button on the top of the box, which produces a short buzzing sound. The man opens the box again.   Only one quarter.   &amp;#x200B;  'I just don't get it!', he says to himself.  &amp;#x200B;  'This just doesn't make any cents'.
A young man walks into a bar. An Eastern-European man is bartending.  The young man sits down next to another customer and orders at the bar.   “Sir, can I have a Bloody Mary?,” he asks.  “Sure,” says the bartender in a thick accent.   15 seconds later, the bartender sets down the man’s drink. The man notices it’s missing the lemon.  “This guy forgot the lemon!,” says the man.  The customer next to him says, “Man, he always gets my drinks wrong too.”  The young man exclaims, “What’s his problem?!”  The other customer says, “I think he’s Russian.”
A man walks into a bar with his dog and sees another man sitting with his turtle The man with the turtle is sitting with piles of cash in front of him.  The man with the dog is curious so he asks, "What's the deal with all the cash?"  The  man with the turtle responds, "Well this here turtle is the fastest pet in the state. Ain't nobody else's pet faster than my turtle."  The man with the dog, in disbelief, questions how that's possible.  The man with the turtle responds, "If you don't believe me, we can have a race. Your dog versus my turtle from here to the wall at the other side of the bar. First one there wins."  The man with the dog is in utter shock, of course his dog is faster than this turtle, so he takes the bet.  The dog and the turtle line up, ready to race, and the bartender counts down from three.  On go, the dog takes off running to the wall. Meanwhile, the man with the turtle picks it up, chucks it at the wall where it hits and falls to the ground, and says "I'll take my money now".
A man walks into a bar with a shitgun He yells: "Who slept with my wife?!"  The barman says: "Are you crazy?! You don't have enough ammo!"
A limbo champion walks into a bar... He is disqualified
Two men walk into a bar The third one ducks
3 little people walk into a bar in Dublin, Ireland They belly-up to the bar and the barmaid asks "What'll you boys be having?"  They respond "A beer, please".  As the first one goes to grab his beer, she exclaims "Oh my, look at those tiny, little hands you have!  You should go next door to The Guinness Book World  Records, I’d bet you have the world record!"  So he goes and 15 Minutes later, he comes back with a sash and a trophy that both say "Worlds Smallest Fookin' Hands".    His buddies cheer and the second one puts his feet up on the bar.  The barmaid looks at him sternly and says "Now dear, normally that'd piss me off, but those tiny feet are the tiniest I have ever seen, you should go next door and see if you get the record too, I bet you do"  15 minutes later the second one comes back with a sash and trophy that say "Smallest Fookin' Feet".  The first one cheers and just then the third comes out of the bathroom with his zipper down and his little guy hanging out.  The barmaid sees this and she says "Now dear, you're gonna want to fix your zipper, but after that, I suggest going next door as well, Ive never seen one of those so tiny in my life, I bet you got the record too."  So he goes next door and comes back 15 minutes later, no sash, no trophy and says "Who the fook is (insert your name here)?!"
An original joke walks into a bar and the bartender says, "Welcome to /r/Jokes! I don't think I've seen you here before." Original joke replies, "Don't worry. Within a week or two, I'll be a regular here!"  
A Man Walks into a Barbershop with a Big "Help Wanted" Sign A Man Walks into a Barbershop with a Big "Help Wanted" Sign. He is quickly greeted by an eccentric and very talkative barber.  "Ah! Hello friend! Welcome to my barber shop. Let me sit you down and we can discuss the work at hand."  The barber sits him down in a worn leather chair and quickly faces him from behind an old wooden desk.  "So," says the barber, "let's find out if you'd work well here. Do you have any experience with cutting hair?"  "Oh, I sure wish I did. I've always wanted to learn so I've tried many many times. Yet, every time I've gone to cut someone's hair, it's gone horribly wrong!"  "Oh, really?" says the barber.  "Yessir. Just last month, I was cutting a man's hair and my scissors slipped. I cut his jugular and the poor man bled out in my chair!"  "Oh my goodness!" shouts the barber, "That's terrible!"  "Yessir. I don't think cutting hair is for me."  "T-that's okay," shakily says the barber, "What about cutting beards?"  "Oh, I sure wish I could! I've tried to cut many many beards throughout my life. Yet, every time I've tried I've horribly wounded a customer. Just last year I was giving a man a shave when my blade slipped and sliced his neck open. The poor man later died from an infection."  "My word! Perhaps sharp objects are not for you. Tell me, can you work a register?"  "Oh no sir! I wish I could. Just this past January I was supposed to give a man $10 in change. Yet, I have dyslexia so I accidentally gave him $100. This caused my boss to be short on rent and he lost the store! Poor man is now an alcoholic."  The barber is now growing visibly angry,  "Sir! You tell me you've killed customers trying to cut their hair, you've killed customers trying to shave their faces, and you can't do even a basic job as count money? Why on Earth would you come into this store!"  "Because, you asshole! I want a fucking haircut!"
An original joke walks into a bar and the bartender says, “Welcome to /r/Jokes! I don’t think I’ve seen you before.” Original joke replies, “Don’t worry. Within a week or two, I’ll be a regular here!”
A scruffy depressed looking joke walks into a bar, the bartender says "You look worse for wear today, buddy." "Yeah," the joke replies, "Everything was nice and fresh yesterday, but then I got reposted."
So a termite walks into a bar... And says "Where's the bar tender?"
Three friends walk into a hotel room in Soviet Russia The first two men open a bottle of vodka, while the third is tired and goes straight to bed. He is unable to sleep however, as his increasingly drunk friends tell political jokes loudly.  After a while, the tired man gets frustrated and walks downstairs for a smoke. He stops in the lounge and asks the receptionist to bring tea to their room in five minutes.  The man walks back into the room, joins the table, leans towards a power outlet and speaks into it:  "Comrade major, we want some tea to room 62 please."  His friends laugh on the joke, until there is a knock on the door. The receptionist brings a tea pot. His friends fall silent and pale, horrified of what they just witnessed. The party is dead, and the man goes to sleep.  After a good night's rest, the man wakes up, and notices his friends are gone. Surprised, he walks downstairs and asks the receptionist where they went.  The nervous receptionist whispers that KGB came and took them before dawn.  The man is horrified. He wonders why he was spared.  The receptionist responds:  "Well, comrade major did quite like your tea gag."
A joke walks into a bar and the bartender says, I've already seen you on r/jokes 4 times today. I'm going have to cut you off until I forget about you tomorrow.
A young guy walks into a bar and orders 10 shots of tequila for himself and drinks them quickly one after the other, loudly slamming the shot glass on the bar when he finishes each. The bartender says, "Hey, what's the special occasion?" The young guy says, "My first blowjob." The bartender then says, "Congrats my young friend, the next shot is on me!" And then the young guy says, "If 10 shots of tequila won't get the taste out of my mouth, nothing will!"
A guy walks into a bar. As he is walking up to the bar he notices a twelve-inch man playing the piano, So he asks the bartender “What’s that all about?” motioning to the dwarf,  The bartender told him he would tell him later. So the guy orders a drink. The bartender says,   “Before you get a drink, you get to rub the magic beer bottle and make one wish.”  “Okay,” said the guy. He walks over to the magic beer bottle and rubbed it. Poof. Out came a genie.   The genie, of course, said, “You have one wish.”  The guy thought about it and then wished for a million bucks. A cloud of smoke filled the room, and then both the genie and the guy disappeared.   In a few minutes, the guy reappeared back with a million ducks around him. The guy was astounded and said to the bartender, “Hey! I didn’t want a million ducks.” The bartender replied, “Do you think I wanted a twelve-inch Pianist?” 
A construction worker without a helmet walks into a bar. Ouch. 
A Sailor Walks into a Bar He sits at the bar, and the bartender notices that he has a head the size of a baseball. The bartender then asks him what happened to his head? The sailor begins to tell his story.  "So I was stranded at sea, and I was approached by a mermaid who granted me three wishes. The first wish was for optimal conditions for a safe voyage home. My second wish was for fame and fortune when I arrive back home. The third wish was to have sex with a mermaid. She replied by saying that it wouldn't be possible due to the fact that she has a tail."  The bartender replies "So what happened?"  "I asked if it was possible to give me a little head."
A gym addict walks into a bar... Gym addict “1...2...3...4...5...”   You seen this one coming 
Two termites walk into a restaurant Waitress asks:  -What would you like to order?  -A table for two.
A blind man walks into a bar And a chair  And a table  And a person  And a wall
Sarah Jessica Parker walks into a bar The bartender says "Why the long face?"
Steven Hawking walks into a bar... Oh wait nvm lol
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar ..at least, that's what *they* would have you believe.
A man walks into a bar and asks for a beer. After drinking it, he looks in his shirt pocket and asks for another beer. After drinking that one, he looks in his shirt pocket again and asks for another beer. This happens about another seven times before the bartender asks him, "Why do you keep looking in your pocket?"  The man replies, "I have a picture of my wife in there. When she looks good enough, I'll go home."
A guy walks into a bar holding an alligator. He gently rests it on the counter, and takes a seat. “You can’t bring that in here!” the bartender exclaimed, motioning for the man to leave.  “Aw, he’s completely harmless, won’t hurt a fly I promise!” replied the owner of the alligator.  The bartender was not amused and again insisted that the man leave.  “Alright,” said the man standing up, “what if I prove it to you? If I can show you that it won’t hurt anyone, would you let us stay?”  The bartender finds this to be a reasonable proposition, and let’s the man continue.  The man takes the alligator and gently opens its mouth. Then reaches down, unzips his pants, whips out his pecker, and places it on the alligator’s tongue.  “Hand me a beer” the man said.  The bartender did. The man tipped it into the air, chugged the whole thing and used the empty glass bottle to whack the alligator across the scull several times.  Everyone in the bar gasped with wide eyes.  The alligator did nothing.  The man again hit the animal repeatedly over the head, and still nothing.  “See? I told you he wouldn’t hurt anyone! Does anyone else want to try?” The man asked looking down the bar towards the other patrons.  “I’ll try” said [your username here] “as long as you don’t hit me in the head with that bottle!”
A man walks into a bar with a blue bird of happiness on one shoulder and a leprachaun on the other He walks up to the bar, hands over a thousand dollars, orders three scotch and waters, buys drinks for the entire bar and tells the manager to keep the change. The man drinks his scotch and water, the blue bird drinks his but the leprachaun downs his drink in one gulp, throws the glass and smashes the mirror behind the bar.  The manager tells the man that it will cost $200 to replace the mirror, so the man gives him $1500, tells him to buy a new mirror, orders three more scotch and waters, buys drinks for the entire bar and tells the manager to keep the change. The man drinks his scotch and water, the blue bird drinks his but the leprachaun downs his drink in one gulp, throws the glass and smashes the stained glass feature window on the southern wall.  The manager tells the man that it will cost $1000 to replace the window, so the man gives him $3000, tells him to buy a new window, orders three more scotch and waters, buys drinks for the entire bar and tells the manager to keep the change. The manager tells him OK, but if there's any more trouble, they'll all be kicked out.  The man drinks his scotch and water, the blue bird drinks his but the leprachaun downs his drink in one gulp, throws the glass and hits the manager's wife as she's walking out from the back room, knocking her out senseless. The manager is furious, and orders them all to leave.  "Before you go," the manager says, "where did you get that leprachaun from?" The man replies that he found a magical genie, who granted him three wishes. He asked for all the money in the world, and his wallet keeps filling up with money. He asked for all the happiness in the world, and he got the blue bird of happiness. Finally, he asked for a twelve inch prick - and got the leprachaun. 
A pirate walks into a bar. The bartender notices a steering wheel attached to his crotch. "You realize there is a steering wheel attached to your crotch right?"  The pirate says: "ARRRRR, AND THEY DRIVIN ME NUTS!"
A chimpanzee walks into a bar. After downing a banana daiquiri he then proceeds to shit on the floor, scoop it up and fling it at the patrons. In their disgust and panic they begin to scream.  Enraged at the screaming the chimpanzee grabs the nearest person and bites off their face and fingers.   I had hoped this joke ended on a funnier note but chimpanzees are right bastards and should never be allowed in bars. 
A crab fisherman walks into a bar with a crab.   He sets the crab on the bar and it proceeds to walk perfectly straight ahead, instead of scuttling side to side like crabs usually do. The bartender, impressed, offers the fisherman $50 for the amazing crab and takes it home. The next day he takes the crab out of the cage, and it begins scuttling side to side. "WTF?" the bartender exclaims, "Why aren't you walking straight?" "Damn," the crab replies, "I can't get that drunk every day." 
A guy using Apple maps walks into a bar ...or maybe a hospital....or possibly a church
A man walks into a bar and orders a wine The bartender chuckles and says that he dosnt sell wine there. The man says thanks and leaves. Another man, who saw what happened, goes and asks for a wine. The bartender, this time, gets offended, because the man clearly heard that he dosnt sell wine there. The bar's name? Reddit.
An empty water bottle walks into a bar... The bartender says, “Go home. You’re drunk.”
Inspired by "A man walks into a bar with a labrador" Made me think of this gem:  Why dont blind people go skydiving?  It scares the sh*t out of the dog.
A bear walks into a bar, calmly devours the lady sitting on the counter, and orders a beer. The bartender says, “We don’t serve druggies here.” Bear: WTF?  Bartender: I just saw the barbituate.
A blind man walks into a bar... He makes his way in and grabs his guide dog's lead. Without a moment's hesitation the man hurls the dog into the air and swings it around the room, faster and faster.  "WOAH WOAH WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!" yells the barman.  .... "Just taking a look around" he replies.
A midget walks into to her doctors office She tell him that her vagina has been itchy.   The Doctor says “Okay, let’s lift up your skirt and I’ll take a look.”  He grabs some scissors from his draw and snips a bit and asks her “how’s that feel now?”   The midget replies “That’s a little better, but still itchy.”  The doctor then grabs his scissors and snips a little more. “What about now, better?”   “That’s much better!” Says the midget “what did you do?”  The doctor replies “I snipped the fur off the top of your ugg boots.”
A cowboy walks into Africa "What in starvation"
so a guy walks into a pet store and sees a parrot for $50 Standing next to the cage the man asks, "I wonder why he's so cheap?" "Because I am defective," came the reply. "I've got no legs."  A little surprised the man asked, "Well how do you stay on your perch?"  The parrot draws him closer and whispers, "I have a big penis. I just wrap it around the bar and stay put. Go offer the owner 30 bucks for me. He'll take it."  The man walks out of the store with the parrot and takes him home. They become best of friends. They talk sports, politics, current events. The man could not be happier. One day the man gets home from works and the parrot beckons him over with his wing...  "Psst...come here. I need to talk to you."  "What?"  "It's about your wife."  "Yeah, what about her?"  "And the postman. Today he knocked and she answered the door in a skimpy black negligee."  "What!"  "Yes. And then they embraced in a long passionate kiss," the parrot went on.  "Holy shit...that can't be possible."  "It is. Then they went over to the couch and she slipped him out of his uniform and then things started to get really steamy."  "Well," the man asks,"what happened next?"  "I don't know," said the parrot. "I got a hard on and fell off my perch.
A guy walks into a bar and sees an attractive woman. He walks up to her and asks her what her name is.  She replies: "My name is Susan, but you can call me Carmen"   "Why is that?" the guy asks.  The woman: "Because I like CARs and I like MEN - Carmen."   "I understand." replies the guy.  "What is your name?", she asks.   "My name is Freddy but you can call me Beercunt"
A man walks into a store to buy a Barbie doll for his daughter. "How much is that Barbie in the window?" he asks the shop assistant.  In a manner, she responds, "Which Barbie? We have Barbie Goes to the Gym for $19.95, Barbie Goes to the Ball for $19.95, Barbie Goes Shopping for $19.95, Barbie Goes to the Beach for $19.95, Barbie Goes Nightclubbing for $19.95 and Divorced Barbie for $395.00."  The guy asks, "Why is Divorced Barbie different from all the others?"  "That's obvious!" the assistant states. "Divorced Barbie comes with Ken's house, Ken's car, Ken's boat, Ken's furniture..."
A man walks into a bar with his pet horse.. They proceed to get shitfaced and the horse passes out  As the man is leaving the bar, the barkeep says “hey, you can’t leave that lyin there”   to which the man replies: “that ain’t no lion, that’s my horse”
A skeleton walks into a bar The bartender says “Yo! Whatup dog?”  The skeleton says “What?! Where!?”
A man walks into a bar, spills his drink and says... "Is this a joke?"
A guy walks into a Bar. A few years of experience later, he opens his own Law Firm.
A blind guy walks into a bar. Then a chair.  Then a table.  Then a woman.  Then into the street, and he gets hit by a truck.
An old guy walks into a biker bar... ... And sits down next to the leader of the gang.  "Your mom is pretty hot, you know?".   The biker chief sips his beer, sighs...  "Just go home, dad.". 
A guy walks into a bar and sees a bunch of meat hanging from the ceiling about ten or eleven feet in the air So he goes up to the bartender and asks, “Why do you have all this meat hanging up everywhere?”  The bartender replies, “Well, we actually have a bit of a game we like to play here, a sort of challenge.”  The man, obviously intrigued, asks the bartender what the game is. So the bartender tells him: “Okay, so the deal is, if you can jump up and slap one of the cuts of meat, you get free drinks for the rest of the night. But, if you jump and you can’t reach the meat, you have to buy everyone’s drinks for an hour.”  The man takes a minute, mulls over in his mind whether or not it’s worth the cost, and replies, “No, the steaks are too high.”
A man walks into a bank with a briefcase full of cash... he wants to open an account and deposit it.  he is sent to the bank managers office.  he sits down and the bank manager says you have $20,000 cash and have never had an account here before and want to open a new account and deposit all this cash, I have to ask where the money came from.  the man responds I make bets and I won it on a bet.  the bank manager is stunned, you mean to tell me that you made 20k from a single bet what kind of bets do you make?  the man takes a breath, ok, I'll bet you this 20k cash that you have square balls. the bank manager looks at him like he's from another planet for a second, I'm serious he says.  ok, you've got a bet agrees the manager. the man replies ok, but I need to contact my lawyer first to take care of any legal issues. ok, agrees the manager.  soon after that the lawyer arrives in the office.  the man looks at the bank manager and says ok, my lawyers here and all the paperwork has been drawn up and signed, lets see em.  the bank manager drops his drawers and the man proceeds to feel his balls.  ok, he says, they don't feel square to me, the money is yours.  the whole time the lawyer is standing in the corner of the room banging the back of his head on the wall. the manager asks what's his problem?  the man responds oh, I just bet him 60k that i would have the bank managers balls in my hand in less than a hour
A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bar tender looks at the pirate perplexed “ Why is there a paper towel on your head?” The pirate looks at him  “ Yarg! There be a bounty on me head!”
A man walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar and sees a beautiful woman behind the counter. Behind the bar is a sign that reads:  Cheese Sandwich: Five dollars  Handjobs: 10 dollars  The man goes over to the bar, and asks the bartender: "Are you the lady who gives the handjobs?"  The bartender smiles and says, "Yes"  "Well first wash your hands, and then make me a cheese sandwich."
Keanu Reeves walks into a bar A month later the bar had to close down because it was now set so high nobody else could enter it
A masochist walks into a bar. Then he does it again.
A 12 year old, a 10 year old and a 14 year old walk into a bar... the 5 year old walks under it.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer The bartender said, we don’t serve food here.
Horse walks into a bar... Bartender asks "Hey, why the long face?"
Two blondes walk into a building. You'd think one of them would have seen it.
A historian, a journalist, and a political scientist walk into a bar on January 23, 1993...   [Citation Needed]
Guy walks into a bar. He asks for a pint of warm, sloppily filled beer that isn't even a full glass.  The barman replies. I can't serve that sir sorry.  The guy says back. You could last week.
2 Irish men walk into a bar 2 Irishmen (joe and bob) have only 5 cents between them. Joe takes the 5 cents and buys a sausage. They go into the first bar and get their drinks. When it's time to pay Joe puts the sausage in his pants and unzips them and bob starts sucking on the sausage. They, of course, are kicked out of the bar. The do this again in another bar...and another and 5 more times. Of course, by then they are both pretty drunk and Bob says that he doesn't have the energy to keep sucking the sausage. Joe says he doesn't either since he lost the sausage in the third bar.
So a duck walks into a bank... When he gets to the teller, he says "I'll have a cheeseburger, fries, and a shake."  The teller says "This is a bank. We don't serve food here." So he turns around and waddles out.  Next day he waits in line for the same teller. When he gets to the front, he says "I'll have a cheeseburger, fries, and a shake"  It's already been a busy day, and she loses her cool, saying "I already told you yesterday, we don't serve food here! We're a BANK! If you waste my time with your stupid request again, I'll nail your feet to the floor!!"  "Ok" he says, and waddles out.  The next day he waddles in again, and the teller says "Hi, how may I help you?"  "Do you have any nails?"  "Of course not, this is a bank"  "Well in that case, I'll have a cheeseburger, fries, and a shake"
A few Biology students accidentally walk into a Finance class... They get seated with utter confusion on their face since everything looks unfamiliar. At some point, the professor recognizes that these students seem to be confused and realizes they're not from his class. He tells the biology students:  "Sorry guys, this is a Finance class, what do you guys study?"  "Biology"  "Well, feel free to stick around and learn some Finance for a change" said the Professor.  One of the students replied "Thanks, but we'd rather hire someone to handle our finances."  The professor replies "Understandable, we'd rather hire someone to handle our biology"
A guy walks into a bar carrying an octopus The bartender says the the guy "we can't have that octopus in here".  The guys responds, saying "but this is a special octopus - he can play any musical instrument you tell him to"  So the bartender points to the piano and says "get him to play the piano then... and I'll give you a free beer."  The octopus crawls  over to the piano, climbs up onto the stool, and sure enough, he's a musical virtuoso, playing Mozart and Bach with all 8 of his limbs as if he had written the concertos himself.  Still not satisfied, the bartender says "alright - but let's seem him play the trombone over there"  So the octopus crawls over to the trombone, tests it, then starts playing a ragtime dixie tune with it.  So the guy says to the bartender "how about that beer now?"  The bartender, still not satisfied, points to an old set of Scottish bagpipes in the corner and says "one last try - get him to play me a song on the bagpipes".  So the octopus crawls over to the bagpipes, wraps its limbs around it and starts making the worst racket ever. The bagpipes are making awful squawks and groans... the bartender is laughing so hard that the guy asks his octopus "what are you doing? you're supposed to be playing a song on that!"  the octopus looks at him and says "play a song on this? I'm trying to find its pussy so I can screw it..."
A drunk walks into a bar, orders a shot and and immediately pukes all over his own shirt. "Wha' my gonna do now? My wifez gonna kill me."  "Relax," the bartender says, "give me a five-dollar bill." The bartender folds up the bill and puts it in the guy's shirt pocket. "Tell your wife some drunk puked on you and gave you five bucks to have your shirt cleaned."  "Thass a great idea!"  When the drunk gets home his wife answers the door. "Where have you been? What happened to your shirt?"  He tries to put on a sober voice and says, "Relaaax honey, some drunk guy puked on me and gave me five bucks to have my shirt cleaned."  The drunk's wife reaches in his pocket, grabs the money, and says, "There's $10 in here!"  "Oh yeah, he shit my pants, too."
A blind man walks into a bar       He should really be more careful next time
A naked lady walks into a bar She orders a drink.   The bartender says, “Sure, but how do you plan on paying for that?”  The lady spreads her legs and points in between them. She says, “With this.”  The bartender looks at her and says, “Do you got anything smaller?”
A blind man walks into a bar with his seeing eye dog. He immediately yanks the dog and starts to spin him in the air like a lasso.  The bartender freaks out, "What are you doing?!?!"     The blind man replies calmly, "Oh, just having a look around."
A man walks into his doctor's office with a carrot in his ear and a banana in his nose. He asks, "What's wrong doc?"     The doctor replies, "You're not eating right."
A cowboy strolls into town on his horse fireball and goes straight to the saloon. He drinks straight whiskey for a few hours, never moving except to take another drink. When he's done he gets up and walks out of the saloon.     He immediately runs back in and yells, "Alright! Who took fireball?" But nobody makes a noise.     He continues, "Okay, I'm gonna give y'all to the count of three then we're gonna have a repeat of what happened back in '71."     "ONE!" He pauses and nobody moves a muscle.     "TWO!" Everybody braces for impending doom.     "Here it comes... THR..."     He is interrupted by a man in the saloon, "Wait! It was just a joke mister. Your horse is right out back... By the way, what'd you do in '71?"     The cowboy looks him dead in the eye and says, "I had to walk home."
A guy walks into a restaurant, sits at the counter. He starts looking thru the menu, and sees 'chili'.  "Oh, I haven't had a decent bowl of chilli in a long time".    Asks the server for the chili, and she says "sorry dear, the gentleman next to you got the last bowl"      He notices the gentleman next to him with a bowl of chili, but he's not eating it.    "Dude, are you going to eat that?"     "No, man, go ahead"     So he starts wolfing down the chili, gets near the bottom of the bowl and sees a dead mouse.   He proceeds to throw up everything back into the bowl.     Dude says: "Yeah, that's about how far I got too".
Three men walk into a bar... You would have thought the third one would duck
A black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder The bartender says "Wow, where'd you get that?" and the parrot says "Africa, there's millions of 'em there".
A man walks into a psychiatrist’s office wearing nothing but Saran Wrap. A man walks into a psychiatrist’s office wearing nothing but Saran Wrap.  The psychiatrist says “I can clearly see you’re nuts.”
A man walks into a bar He asks the bartender for 14 shots of bourbon.  The bartender asks “what’s the occasion?”  He says, “my first blowjob!”  “Wow, congratulations, have a shot on me”, the bartender replies.  “Nah, if 14 shots doesn’t get the taste of dick out of my mouth, nothing will”
OC! A 3-legged dog walks into a bar; he’s wearing a prosthetic. The bartender is obviously checking out his prosthesis.   “Oh that,” says the dog, “excuse the faux paw.”
Plato and a platypus walk into a bar The bartender looks up at them and says:   "What is this, a joke?"
100 women walk into heaven God greeted them and then said: -If you’ve ever looked at your boyfriend’s phone without his knowledge to see if he was talking to other women, take 5 steps forward Ninety-nine of the women take the five steps forward, God then says -Someone please get the deaf girl
So a man walks into a bar and sees a guy with 6 beers sitting at the bar So he walks over to the bar and casually asked the guy "6 beers?! What's the occasion?"  The guy glances up and says "celebrating my first blowjob."  The man gets excited and says "Congratulations! Lemme buy you another one for the occasion!"  The guy replied, "No thanks, if 6 beers won't get that taste out of my mouth then the 7th one won't either."
A guy walks into a gun store and says, "I'll have a G-19 please" The clerk says " would you like ammo with that?"
A weasel walks into a bar And takes a seat.  The bartender asks "what can I get you?"  "Pop." Goes the weasel .
A dung beetle walks into a bar. Is this stool taken?
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a door. And a staircase. 
Dad walk into his sons room... So a Dad walks into his sons room and says "Son, If you don't stop masturbating you're gonna go blind."  The son looks up and says "Dad, I'm over here!" 
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar. The first orders a beer, the second orders half a beer, the third orders a quarter of a beer, and so on.  After the seventh order, the bartender pours two beers and says, "You fellas ought to know your limits."
A man walks into a zoo. The only animal was a dog. It was a shih-tzu 
A Brit, a German, and an Irish man walk into a bar and order a beer.... The Brit sees a fly in his beer. He asks the bartender for a new beer, and drinks it.   The German sees a fly in his beer. He plucks it out, throws it on the ground, and drinks it.   The Irish man sees a fly in his beer, he plucks it out, holds it over the beer, stares at the fly and leans in, screaming: “SPIT IT OUT! SPIT IT OUT!!”
A particle walks into a bar... and it didn't. 
Three intransitive verbs walk into a bar. They sit. They converse. They depart.
A lady walks into Harrods. A lady walks into Harrods. She looks around, spots a beautiful diamond bracelet and walks over to inspect it. As she bends over to look more closely, she unexpectedly farts. Very embarrassed, she looks around nervously to see if anyone noticed her little woops and prays that a sales person was not anywhere near. As she turns around, her worst nightmare materialises in the form of a salesman standing right behind her - good looking as well. Cool as a cucumber, he displays all of the qualities one would expect of a professional in a store like Harrods. He politely greets the lady with, 'Good day, Madam. How may we help you today? Blushing and uncomfortable, but still hoping that the salesman somehow missed her little 'incident', she asks, 'what is the price of this lovely bracelet?' He answers, "Madam - if you farted just looking at it - you're going to shit yourself when I tell you the price!"
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "What would you like to drink?" "Pop!" Goes the weasel. 
A man walks into a bar.. ..and stays there my entire childhood.
A vegan, A crossfitter, and an atheist walk into a bar... How do I know? They can't shut up about it.
A man walks into a bar. "Quick, bartender, give me a shot of whiskey before it starts." The bartender pours a shot of whiskey and gives it to the man. The man swallows it in a single gulp, and says "quick, give me another before it starts". The bartender pours another shot, quite perplexed. After the man finished the second drink, he again asked for another. The bartender looks at him and says "when will you be paying for these?"   The man sighs and says "it started"
Two people walk into a bar. You'd think the second one would have seen it coming.
Two people walk into a bar Maybe if they hadn’t been laughing so hard at this joke they would’ve noticed it.
A guy walks into a bar He orders a drink  Concussions are weird like that.
A man walks into a bar... He never came back and stayed there my whole childhood
A man and a woman walk into a bar A man and a woman walk into a bar and the man turns to the woman and says, "Hey, I've got this magic water that can make me fly."   Then the woman says "I don't believe you. Show me."  So the man downs a magic water and gets on the top of the roof, jumps off, and flies back on.   The woman says "Wow! Do that again!" And so the man goes back downstairs to drink another magic water, gets back on the roof, jumps off, flies back on.   The woman says "Whoa! I gotta try that for myself!" The woman goes downstairs, asks the bar tender for some magic water, drinks it, gets on the roof, jumps off, and injures herself badly.  When the man comes back downstairs the bar tender says to him,  "You know Superman, you're a real jerk when you're drunk."
Guy walks into a doctor's office, he says he wants to live to 90. Doctor: "Do you drink alcohol?"  Man: "No"  Doctor: "Smoke marijuana?"  Man: "No"  Doctor: "Do any other drugs or partying?"  Man: "No"  Doctor: "Fool around with a lot of loose women?"  Man: "No"  Doctor: "...what to you want to live to 90 for?"
A man walks into a bar and sees a large jar filled with $100 dollar bills. He asks the bartender what's with the jar?   Bartender tells him you won all the money if you complete the challenge, but I won't tell you what it is untill you put your $100 into the jar.  The man is so curious about the challenge, then after a few drinks he says. "Fuck it!" Then puts a $100 bill into the jar  Bartender says  "Okay, first you've got to take 5 shots of tequila, back to back, and you can't make a face. Then, I've got a pit chained out back, and got a bad tooth. You've gotta find it, and pull it out. Finally, my grandma is staying in one of the rooms upstairs. She's on her deathbed and all she wants is to get laid for the last time. Ypu gptta go fuck my grandma."  The man is reluctant because he's already drank plenty, and he's not sure if he can drink that much tequila without making a face . So he doesn't  accept the challenge at first.  Eventually he builds up the courage, and says  "Alright! Pour the shots!"  He takes 5 shots of tequila, back to back, doesn't even make a face. He stumbles out back. Everyone In the bar hears the pit barking and growling. Creating a large commotion. Then silence...  Everyone assumed the man was killed by the dog.  Then he stumbles  back inside scratched, bruised, and with a torn up shirt and he says "Alright!    Where's that old lady with the bad tooth?"  
Guy walks into a barber shop.. ..and says “Chuck Wood here?”  Barber says “no we cut hair.”  Guy says “yeah obviously...I’m looking for my friend Chuck Wood.”  Barber says “oh yeah, he is over there getting in some curls.”  Guy says “Chuck doesn’t lift weights.”
A horse walks into a bar the bartender asks "Hey, why the long face?"
A priest, a vegan and an anti-vaxxer walk into a bar... The priest says: “I’ll have a glass of water”. The vegan says: “I want a glass of soy milk”. The anti-vaxxer fucking dies.
A man walks into a bar... he goes to the counter and says: "Morning". "Morning," the barman answers. "I'd like to have three black coffees." "Three?" "Yeah. One for me, one for you, and one for that slutty wife of yours!" The barman is taken aback, as he realizes he's never seen the man before. He's a little angry, but decides to let it go.  The following day the same man enters the bar again. "Morning" — "Morning". "I'd like to have three black coffees: One for me, one for you, and one for your dick-riding cunt wife!" An outburst of anger fills the barman's body, and just when he's about to react, he realizes that the man may simply be crazy. He's never seen him, after all, so either this guy's demented or this is all some kind of complex joke plotted against me, he figures. Better grin and bear it.  Another day goes by and the same man shows up once more. "Morning," he grunts. "Morning!" says the barman, feeling what's coming. "I'd like to have three black coffees. One for me, one for you, and one for that cock-sucking bitch you call your wife!" The barman, despite knowing something along those lines would happen, just can't take it anymore: He jumps over the counter, grabs a chair, and smashes it right into the man's face. As the man is lying on the ground, the barman channels his rage through his fists and gets a couple clean shots on his jaw and nose. Eventually, the man regains consciousness and, dripping with blood, makes his way to the exit.  It's day four now and the barman is talking about what happened with a couple of friends at the bar, even bragging about his newly found fighting skills a bit. But while he's talking, a familiar figure walks into the bar. A moment of silence follows, then the man and the barman lock eyes. The man is obviously still recovering, with bruises and scars pretty much all over his face and body. He gets to the counter limping. "Morning," he utters. "Good morning," the barman says, with a voice that tries to make it sound as if nothing had happened. "What can I do for you?" "I'd like to have two black coffees," the man says. The barman starts laughing, then turns to his friends and says "Did you hear that? I'm not usually one for fighting, but it appears that in this case a lesson's been learned!" — he then looks back at the man and asks: "...and who are the two coffees for?"  "One is for me, and the other one is for that cum-swallowing, balls-gagging whore of a wife you have — I'm sorry, no coffee for you, you're just too fucking jittery!"
A pirate walks into a bar A pirate walks into a bar with a peg leg, an eyepatch, a parrot on his shoulder and a steering wheel in his pants.   The bartender says, “you’ve got a steering wheel in your pants”.   The pirate replies with, “arrr, I know, it’s driving me nuts!”.
An amputist and a swordsman walk into a bar The swordsmen and the amputist get into a fight, so the swordsmen challenges him to a duel.  "Careful," says the amputist. "I have dis-armed just as many men as you, and de-feated even more"
Quasimodo walks into a bar... Quasimodo walks into a bar.      "A whiskey please" he says.       "Bell's alright?" asks the bartender.       "Mind your own fucking business" he snaps.
Comic sans walks into a bar The bartender says we dont serve your type here.
Rick Astley walks into a bar... "...Never again will I order food on the street." Some people at tables laugh at the joke as Rick sits down. "So, you  gonna order something?" The bartender asks, scaring Rick. "Oh yeah, let me think." He says, browsing that menu. "  Give me the house special." He says, confidently. The bartender then replies. "Hmm, well it's a cherry margarita.  You want it?" "Sure." Replied Rick, who actually was in the mood for a martini. The bartender goes back and fills  up the margarita, and serves it. Rick takes a refreshing sip, and smiles. "Ah, the first sip of a Margarita...  never gets old!" Rick smiles, and quickly sips it. "Another please." He says, looking back at the comedian. "We was  gonna close at 11, but the crowd is great tonight. The comedian too, so I think I'll  give it until midnight to close." He then gave a hearty laugh. "I mean, come on, I ain't  gonna ruin the party!" Rick then laughs a bit along with the bartender, and receives his second drink. "It's good that you  let them continue to enjoy themselves." The bartender smiles, and looks back at Rick. "Say, I like  you. What's your name?" "Rick", Rick replies, "What's yours?" "Dan. Why don't you come  down here again this time?" Dan replies. Rick then said, "Sure." The bartender gave her final joke:  &amp;#x200B;  "I hate Beyonce's song "to the left, to the left,", I mean, I keep looking left, and I only see lyrics from Rick Astley! Not Beyonce!" She said, and the poor reader finally got the joke.
Two Guys Walk Into a Restaurant for Lunch The waitress comes to serve them and asks for drinks first. The first guy says, “Can I have some H2O?” The second guy says, “Can I have some H2O too?” The waitress comes back. The first guy is well hydrated, and the second guy is well, dead.
A Polish guy walks into a bar, He says he is tired of this joke format.
Man walks into a hot beverage store A man walks into a hot beverage store. He had passed by it, many times and never gone in. Something however had made him come in this time, there was a small line ahead of him to the counter. He was far enough away the very small print of the menu items were unreadable. So to pass the time waiting for the line to move he began to look around the store.   It was a small shop, not very large, a small swinging door disappeared into a back room. There was only one server and She seemed busy with the front most customer. An older lady who barely reached the top of the counter. Maybe she had shrunk with age? Maybe she was born that size? Maybe if she had been born that size and had not yet shrunk, she would begin to shrink soon? Maybe this time next year she wouldnt be able to see over the counter? A loud "Pssssshhhhh" startled him, he realized the server was pulling knobs on a large machine and steam was spouting from it making the noise. He decided it was just a normal hot beverage sort of thing and continued to look around.   A homeless looking fellow, stood behind the tiny shrinking or soon to be, shrinking lady. The man had an old military jacket and the hair of someone who had slept in the wind. A faint whiff of stale hotdogs eminated from him and the only respite seemed to be the over sprayed body spray of the young man between them. A typical crowd but not one he was content to wait behind for much longer.   He heard the door behind him open and turned to take in the new occupant of the store. A beautiful redheaded woman, looking in her early twenties had stepped in behind him.  Making eye contact he greeted her with a friendly Hello.  She smiled back but turned her attention to her phone in her hand.   He returned his gaze to the menu board. Still unable to see the items due to the small print he sighed and waited his turn.  The older woman wandered off finally with a small mug in her hands. Off to the far left through a doorway. As he moved forward into the third spot in line, he could see sunlight streaming in. "Must be some sort of side room, you can dine in?" He thought. The homeless looking man took his time as well, looking to have only ordered a hot glass of water for some reason? The homeless man continued to chat with the server girl, much to her apparent discomfort.   The young man between them seemed to take offence to this. He swayed in discomfort, almost as if ready to pounce for the counter, as soon as the homeless man moved. Finally the homeless man took his hot cup of water and headed fpr the sunny room to the left. The young man really did pounce for the counter then.   "Karen! I Love You!" He nearly croaked with voice crack. He knelt in front of the counter eyes now level with it. Looking up doe eyed at the server girl.  Karen, it would appear, was not pleased with this display of romance toward her. Rolling her eyes and putting on a disgruntled face of disappointment.  "You shouldnt be here Reggie.." She drawled.   The Man dispite the show, was getting impatient. How long had he been in here? It felt like hours? Why was it taking so long to get a hot beverage?  The young man in front of him, Reggie apparently. Fumbled in his pocket and produced a small box.   "You have got to be kidding me?" The man gasped.   Reggie and Karen turned to look at him in disgust, as he was interrupting a moment.  After sufficiently communicating their shared hatred of him. They continued their conversation. Thus time at least quietly enough the man could not over hear.  Reggie made grand gestures and karen waved her hands about. Reggie made more grand gestures and Karen smiled. Reggie made a few more gestures and Karen finally sighed loudly and laid her hand within reach of the still kneeling Reggie.  The young redhead behind the man coo'd with delight.  "Thats so romantic! Isnt that romantic?" She said. . The man turned and merely smiled at her.   After another few minutes of Karen and Reggie kissing and hugging and Reggie kissing her now ring bearing hand, he shouting their love at no one in particular.  This commotion brought those sitting in the sunny room to the left to peer out. The old lady who could be shrunk or shrinking came to congratulate them, then made her way back into the sunny room. The homeless man stood in the entry way between the rooms and stared hatred at Reggie then turned and went back into the sunny room.   Finally Reggie said something about having to leave to go to work. And with a few final kisses exchanged moved out of the way and went out the door.   The man finally at the front of the line stood staring at the menu.  After all of this waiting and waiting, the words were still to small to read. Not wanting to waste another moment in this horrible time warp of a place he simply asked the server.. Karen..   "Listen young lady ive waited a long goddamned time. Just give me the first thing on the menu, so i can get out of this damn lineup!"   Karen smiled, her customer service smile. "Oh that would be Priori-tea"  Edit: what did you expect?
A Texan, Indian, and a Canadian walk into a bar They order a round of shots. The Texan slams back his shot, takes the glass and smashes it against the bar.  "Why did you do that?!" The Canadian asks.  "Well we have so much money in Texas we don't have to drink out of the same glass twice."  Next up is the Indian. He takes a his shot, and smashes his glass against the bar to.  "Well why did you smash your glass?!" The Canadian asks the Indian.  "The Government gives us so much money, we don't have to drink out of the same glass twice either"  So the Canadian slams back his shot, puts the glass on the bar. Pulls out a Gun and shoots the Indian.  "What the hell man?!" Asks the Texan  "Well we have so many Indians in Canada we don't have to drink with the same one twice"  
Three bass players walk into a bar. They’re actually in the middle of performing Beethoven’s 9th symphony, but there’s a long section near the end where the basses don’t play, so they decide to go to the bar next door and grab a drink.  To know when to come back for the end of the symphony, the bassists tie a string to the conductor’s score a few pages before they start playing again. When he turns the page, it’ll tug on the string and they’ll know to head back to the concert hall.  So the symphony goes on, and pretty soon the conductor realizes he’s in trouble.  It’s the bottom of the ninth, the score is tied, and the basses are loaded.
A man walks into a barber shop every day and asks the barber what time he closes shop. He never gets a cut. Only asks. The barber grows frustrated and asks his apprentice to follow the man after he asks to see who he is and why he might be asking. The apprentice returns shortly after. The barber asks "well, where did he go?" The apprentice replies "your house."
A man walks into a brothel. NSFW He goes to the first floor to find a sign that says "slow fucks"  Then he goes to the second floor to find another sign that says "fast fucks"  When he reached the third floor he found a paper on the ground he bend over to pick it up, only to find someone fucking him,he reads the paper, it said "surprise fucks".   Note :Egypt translated joke, sorry for any wrong grammar.  Edit :word changes
A dude walks into a Mexican restaurant... He orders a huge feast we're talking tacos, burritos, everything   After about half an hour he starts to get ill   Like, really ill   He rushes and asks the waiter "where are your facilities?"  The waiter points him to them, and he hurries as fast as he can.    He is in there a while.   Like, a long while.   Eventually, he walks out, hurriedly pays and leaves.   The manager tells the waiter to check on the toilet, as he was in there a long time.   The waiter comes into the worst stench imaginable. It was like a raccoon had sex with a monkey in the anus inside of a morgue in the middle of the Mexican summer. It was bad.   The company end up closing and hiring a very expensive cleaning company, who charge danger money because of the biohazard that was this toilet room.   The company decide to pursue legal action for the cost of the clean up and the lost revenue from being closed.   The court is in session, the company's lawyer asks the man "simply, why? Why did you see fit to deficate all over the room when there was a perfectly serviceable toilet mere centimetres away?"  The man stands up, confidently  "The sign on the door said that only toilet paper was allowed in the toilet"
A bear walks into a restuarant A bear walks into a restuarant and says "I'd like a grilled... cheese." The waiter replies "sure thing but why the huge pause?" The bear replies "I was born with them"
A man walks into a bar sits down and orders a drink He then notices a jar that is full of money. The man asks the bartender what the jar is for.   The bartender then says that he has a donkey in the back room and "if anyone can make him laugh they win the money. If not they owe me 100 dollars."  The man says, "I can do it!" So he goes into the back room and about 5 minutes later the bartender hears                        the donkey laughing out loud. The man walks out and takes the money from the jar and thanks the bartender.   The bartender looks at the man and says, "I'll double the amount if you can make the donkey cry, if not you owe me 100 dollars." The man says, "ok I'll do it!"  He walks into the back room and about 2 minutes goes by when the bartender hears the donkey crying. The man walks out grabs the money out of the jar and asks for the double amount, but before the man leaves the bartender asks, "How did you make the donkey laugh?"   The man looks at the bartender and says, "Well the first time I told the donkey that I had a bigger pecker than he did".  "How did you make him cry?" asks the bartender?   "Well I showed him." 
A duck walks into a bar A duck walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a drink and a light snack. The bartender takes the ducks order, despite his surprise of the customer being a duck. This happens for 3 days and so the bartender starts a conversation with the duck.   \- The past few days you've been coming here ordering a drink and a light snack. Is everything alright?   \- Yeah, I'm just working at a construction site just a round here and I'm here during my break.   Later this evening a friend of the bartender's comes into the bar and he owns a circus. The bartender says to him   \- You won't believe this, but there's this duck that's been coming here for the past few days ordering a drink during his break from work.   \- Really? I'd like to meet this duck. Suggest the duck to meet with me so we can work together.   The next day the duck arrives at the bar again ordering the same things again. And the bartender says to the duck   \- You know... I've got this friend that wants to speak to you about some work.   \- What sort of work?   \- He's got a circus   \- What's a circus?   \- Well, it's this big round tent thing which has many animals, acrobats, etc.   \- A tent?   \- Yes.   \- A tent... made of fabric?   \- Yes.   \- And what does he want with me? I'm a concrete finisher. 
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar. You can’t tell me that’s just a coincidence.
A vegan, atheist and crossfittter walk into a bar...... I knew this because they told everyone within two minutes 
[NSFW] Guy walks into a butcher’s shop Butcher asks, “Hey buddy, thinking about buying some meat?”   Guy says, “Nah, I’m *going* to buy some meat. I’m thinking ‘bout poon-tang”
A Guy Walks into a bar He sees a guy who tells the bartender to get him 3 shots of whiskey he drinks the 3 shots and jumps out of the third floor.The guy comes back a few days later and sees the same person who jumped out of the window.The guy walks up to him and asks him "how did you manage to jump out of the 3rd floor and still come back with no damage?"The Person tells him"its simple just take the amount of shots on the floor you are gonna jump on (4shots you jump out of the 4th floor) the guy is amazed and tries it out,calls the bartender and asks him for 3 shots of whiskey the guy drinks the 3 shots jumps out of the window and dies,the bartender turns around and says "jesus you are a real asshole when you`re drunk.
Four guys walk into a bar The fifth one ducks.
A guy walks into a bar and sees a bunch of meat hanging on the wall. He sits down and asks the bartender what the deal is with the meat. Bartender says the deal is if you want a free drink you gotta jump up and touch the meat but if you miss, you buy a round for the bar. The guy takes another look at the meat and the bartender asks if he's in. No, says the guy the steaks are too high.
A man walks into a bar Goes to the bartender and gets asked "What can I get you sir?" "Nothin special, just some vodka thanks" "Rough day?" "Just my ex, she's being a cunt on FB" "What'd she do?" "Well Rhi decided that she wanted to shit talk me and make posts saying how horrible I was" "Oh man I feel so sorry for you, here have the drink on the house" "It's not that bad I just really hope that she isn't following me around, I'd hate for this to be a Rhi post."  *the bartender turns around and crouches down for a second*  #*springs back up* "And im the bus driver!"
A police officer and a klansman walk into a bar he sits down and orders a drink
26 letters walk into a bar. The bartender says, "I can't serve you!" because they're all lowercase.  It was just as well, because they aren't there to buy any drinks. They're there to vandalize the place.  The bartender gets angry. "What are you doing to my bar?!"  The o told him, "We're protesting capitalism!"
A man walks into a bar with a loaded six-shot revolver. He yells: "Which one of you bastards slept with my sister?" One man laughs and replies: "You ain't got enough bullets!"
Rene Descartes walks into a bar... Bartender: "May I help you?"  Rene Descartes: "I think not", then disappears.
A bartender walks into a bar A bartender walks into a bar. He is about to order a drink when he stops and looks more closely at the bartender. The man looks exactly like him! Puzzled, he asks, "Who are you?" The man behind the bar is equally puzzled and asks, "Who are you?" Then, it hits him. He was drunk and looking at a mirror.
A man walks into a prison A man walks into a prison  Man to guards: Yes hello can I get two number 4s  Guard: Sir this is a prison  Man: oops
A man walks into a restaurant He sits down and asks the waiter “Do you have frog legs” The waiter said “Yes” The man then says “Then go hop to the kitchen and get me a soup”
A cowboy, who just moved to Montana from Texas, walks into a bar and orders three mugs of Bud.   He sits in the back of the room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn.   When he finishes them, he comes back to the bar and orders three more.  The bartender approaches and tells the cowboy,  "You know, a mug goes flat after I draw it. It would taste better if you bought one at a time."  The cowboy replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in Arizona , the other is in Colorado.   When we all left our home in Texas, we promised that we'd drink this way to remember the days when we drank together.   So I'm drinking one beer for each of my brothers and one for myself."  The bartender admits that this is a nice custom, and leaves it there.  The cowboy becomes a regular in the bar, and always drinks the same way.  He orders three mugs and drinks them in turn.  One day, he comes in and only orders two mugs.  All the regulars take notice and fall silent.   When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bartender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my  condolences on your loss."  The cowboy looks quite puzzled for a moment, then a light dawns in his eyes and he laughs.  "Oh, no, everybody's just fine," he explains.   “It's just that my wife and I joined the Baptist Church and I had to quit drinking.  My brothers haven’t been affected tho."
The Godfather, accompanied by his attorney, walks into a room to meet with his accountant. The Godfather, accompanied by his attorney, walks into a room to meet with his accountant.   The Godfather asks the accountant, “Where’s the three million bucks you embezzled from me?” The accountant doesn’t answer. The Godfather asks again, “Where’s the three million bucks you embezzled from me?” The attorney interrupts, “Sir, the man is a deaf-mute and cannot understand you, but I can interpret for you.” The Godfather says, “Well, ask him where the FUCKING money is!!!!” The attorney, using sign language, asks the accountant where the three million dollars is. The accountant signs back, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” The attorney interprets to the Godfather, “He doesn’t know what you’re talking about.” The Godfather pulls out a pistol, puts it to the temple of the accountant, cocks the trigger and says, “Ask him again where the FUCKING money is!!!!”  The attorney signs to the accountant, “He wants to know where it is!” The accountant signs back, “Okay! Okay! The money’s hidden in a suitcase behind the shed in my backyard!” The Godfather says, “Well, what did he say?” The attorney interprets to the Godfather, “He says that you don’t have the balls to pull the trigger.”
A duck walks into a pub and orders a pint of lager and a ham sandwich. The landlord looks at him and says, "But you're a duck"  "I see you're eyes are working" replies the duck.  "And you talk!" exclaims the landlord.  "I see you're ears are working" says the duck, "now can I have my beer and my sandwich please?"  "Certainly," says the landlord, " sorry about that, it's just we don't get many talking ducks in this pub. What are you doing round this way?"  "I'm working on the building site across the road" explains the duck.  So the duck drinks his beer, eats his sandwich and leaves. This continues for about 2 weeks.  Then one day the circus comes to town.  The ringleader of the circus comes into the pub and the landlord says to him; "You're with the circus aren't you?  I know this duck that would be just brilliant in your circus, he talks, drinks beer and everything!"  "Sounds marvellous" says the ringleader, "get him to give me a call."  So the next day, the duck comes into the pub. The landlord says, "Hey Mr Duck. I reckon I can line you up with a top job. Paying really good money!"  "Yeah?" says the duck, "Sounds great, where is it?"  "At the circus" says the landlord.  "The circus?" the duck enquires.  "That's right" replies the landlord.  "The circus? That place with the big tent? With all the animals? With the big canvas roof with the hole in the middle?"  "That's right!" says the landlord.   The duck looks confused. "What the ***k do they want with a plasterer?
A blue whale walks into a bar... The bartender says "you're too big, get outta here!" Killer whale walks into the bar, bartender says "hell no, no killers here!" Then a sperm whale walks in and says "can I stay?" "Sure" says the bartender, "sperm whales are always whale-cum"
A ham sandwich walks into a bar The bar tender said sorry we don’t serve food here 
A blind man walks into a bar with his looking dog , and on entering picks the dog up and starts spinning the dog Bartender asks- WTF you doing? Man- I am just looking around.
A guy walks into a bar owned by Eminem He tells the bartender,"Give me 2 shots of..."  The bartender cuts him off saying,"You only get 1 shot."
A man walks into a bar After being blinded by the bar lights, he finds a seat and asks the barkeep for a beer. The barkeep, responding gruffly, states that there is no beer. Annoyed, but still thirsty, the man asks for a shot of whiskey. The barkeep, responding gruffly, states that there is no liquor on the premises. Infuriated that the bar has neither beer nor whiskey, the man exclaims “You’re the worst barkeep around, what kind of bar is this?!”. The barkeep responds, “You walked into a bar son, hit your head pretty bad. This is a hospital”.
A duck walks into a bar. The duck says "got any grapes?" "No" says the bartender. The duck leaves. The duck comes back the next day. "Got any grapes?" "Still no" replies the bartender. The duck leaves. The duck comes back a third day and asks the bartender "hey, got any grapes?" "No" says the bartender "and if you ask me again, I'll nail you feet to the ceiling."   "Got any nails?" "No."   "Got any grapes?"
A dog walks into a bar and orders a Heineken beer. The bartender says, holy fuck, a talking dog.
A man walks into a bar Now another man would have made the  same mistake but the loud clonk noise stopped him
A guy walks into a hardware store Bosch!
An American, a German and an Arab walk into a bar The bartender says: "Is this a joke or something?"
A panda walks into a bar A panda walks into a bar and gobbles some beer nuts. Then he pulls out a gun, fires it in the air, and heads for the door. “Hey!” shouts the bartender, but the panda yells back, “I’m a panda. Google me!” Sure enough, panda: “A tree-climbing mammal with distinct black-and-white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves.”
A termite walks into a bar and asks, "Is the bar tender here?"
A horse walks into a triangular bar... ... of dimensions X,Y, and Z, where X and Z are perpendicular. He asks the barman where the toilets are.   The barman replies, "Y, the long face"
A vampire walks into a bar The bartender says "Let me guess, you'll have a bloody Mary?"  The vampire replies "Not today, just a cup of hot water please."  The vampire then pulls out a used tampon and says "I'm having tea!"
A guy walks into a drugstore and asks the pharmacist... "I've gotta know, does Viagra really work?"  The pharmacist replied, "it sure does. In fact, I use it myself."  "Good to know. Can you get it over the counter?"  "Well, yes, if I take two of them."
A man walks into a bar and the barman says: Hey! Watch where you're goin'!
A weasel walks into a bar. “Wow, I’ve never served a weasel before! What can I get you?”, says the bartender.  “Pop”, goes the weasel
A woman walks into a coffee shop and sees a person with a tiny man a tiny piano and a tiny stool The woman asks the man where did you get that, and the man replys saying that there is a genie out back. The woman decides to check for the genie, while she's walking to the back she's thinking about what she will wish for and decides she will wish for 100 bucks. When she gets to the back she wishes for 100 bucks and all of a sudden 100 male deer appear all around her. Outraged she walks back inside and she tells the man "Your genie is a rip off, I asked for 100 bucks and I got 100 male deer." The man responds with "I know, do you think I wished for a 10 inch pianist.
A chemist walks into his shop to find a man leaning against the wall.  “What’s wrong with him?” he asks his assistant.  “He came in for some cough syrup,” the assistant explains “but I couldn’t find any, so I sold him a bottle of laxatives instead”.  “What?!” the chemist says, horrified. “You can’t treat a cough with laxatives!” “Of course you can,” the assistant declares. “Look at him - he’s far too scared to cough.”
A muscle cell walks into a bar Muscle cell *coughs and sneezes* Bartender "oh my god, what did you contract?" Muscle cell "Nah I was only Actin"
Two guys walk into a bar. Which is weird. You’d think the second guy would have seen it.
A skeleton walks into a pub... ...he asks for a pint and a mop.
A woman walks into a drugstore and asks the pharmacist if he sells size extra large condoms. He replies, "Yes we do. Would you like to buy some?"  She responds, "No sir, but do you mind if I wait around here until someone does?"
A guy walks into the bar of a restaurant and goes to the bartender and asks "How much for a beer?" The bartender replies "Free".  The customer, completely amazed, orders a beer then asks the bartender "Well then how much for a NY sirloin, with side of mashed potatoes and salad, and an entire cheesecake for desert?"  The Bartender replies "Free".  The guy, still amazed, then orders everything and after he is done eating his meal, then says "Wow, this place is amazing, I really wish I could meet the owner of this place".  The bartender then says "Oh well, he's upstairs in his office with my wife".  The guy looks all confused, then asks "What is he doing upstairs in his office with your wife?"  The bartender then says "The same thing I'm doing to his business".
A penguin walks into a bar. “Can I help you?” asks the bartender.  “Yeah,” says the penguin. “Have you seen my brother?”  “What’s he look like?” Says the bartender.   (One of my favourites to tell my kids)
An American walks into a pub An American walks into a pub in London. He sits down, and as the bartender approaches he says "Howdy, I'll have a pint of Budweiser, please." The bartender pours the drink, sets it front him and says " Ah, you must be an American." The American says "How could you tell, by my accent, or my preference in beer?" The bartender replies "Neither, you're the fattest fuck I've ever seen."
A mule walks into a bar... Every time he went into a bar, the bartender would always mistake him for a horse. The bartender would always try to be funny and say "Why the long face?"  So when this bartender did the same, the mule was furious and decided to give him a piece of his mind. "Listen here ok, I get this shit from every bartender because they always think they're funny. Well guess what? They're not. You must think you're hilarious but your just annoying. I'm not even a fucking horse!"  The bartender, shocked, replied "I'm sorry man, but you don't have to be such an ass about it."  This angered the mule further and he shouted "Don't talk about my father like that!" 
An O-5, a Foundation Agent, and Doctor Bright walk into a bar. [DATA EXPUNGED]
A coconut walks into a bar... At least it didn't get fucked...yet
A person with a four year degree majoring in history walks into a bar. They then head behind the counter and start serving drinks.
An American, an Englishman, and a Scotsman walk into a bar Oof ouch owie
Two chemists walk into a bar. One of them orders an alcoholic drink. The other says "I'll have double of what he has." He died of butanol poisoning.
A cowboy, an astronaut, and a fortune teller walk into a bar. The fortune teller runs out as soon as he came in, leaving the others to be confused. Later that day, the cowboy drew his gun and killed 15 people, injuring 20 more. When the fortune teller was questioned by the Orlando police as to how he knew it would happen, he responded "We were in a gay bar, and well.. you can connect the dots." 
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar. On the wall he reads the menu: Beer $1; Chicken Sandwiches $2; and Hand Jobs $4. Interested he walks to the bar counter where he finds a voluptuous and sexy woman. He calls her closer with a smile and whispers, "Are you the one giving the hand jobs?". She smiles, pushes her breasts, licks her lips and whispers, "Yes, baby". The man replies, "Well in that case, please wash your hands because I'd like a chicken sandwich."
A zombie walks into a bar The bartender tells the zombie "sorry we don't serve zombie here" the zombie replies "oh, is the human still fresh?"
A man walks into a bar As he walks to the counter, he sees a one foot tall man playing the piano. He comments the player on his skill, and then sits down and orders a beer. The bartender reaches down and hands him an empty bottle.  "What's this?" asks the man. "I asked for a beer." "That's the wishing bottle," the bartender replies. "Free wish with every drink, just speak into it."  Incredulous but hopeful, the man brings it to his mouth and says, "I wish I had a million bucks." There's a flash and a bang, and wouldn't you know it, littering the floor is a million... ducks.   "What the hell?" asks the man. "I didn't ask for a milion ducks!" "Join the club," the bartender says. "You think I asked for a 12-inch pianist?"
A busty young school girl walks into the classroom at lunch hour... "Heya, Mr. Teacher, sir! Ya got a smoke?"  "Of course not, Jenny!" the teacher replies. "You wanna get me in trouble?"  "Sure. If you want. But can I get a cigarette after?"
Guy walks into a bag..  ... and orders a fruit punch.   The bagtender says "Pal, if you want a punch you'll have to stand in line" Guy looks around, but there is no punch line.     Edit: added the before bagtender.
A priest and a rabbi walk into a bar…  …mitzvah.  The priest was the rabbi’s Plus One. 
A limbo dancer walks into a bar... And was immediately disqualified.
Guy walks into a bar with a monkey... ...He places the monkey on a stool next to him, then orders a drink. After the first couple of drinks the monkey notices a bowl of peanuts sitting next to him. The monkey proceeds to take out a peanut and, examining it, he puts the peanut up his ass then eats it.   The monkey continues to do this with the next several peanuts until the bartender sees this odd behavior.   "Hey! What the hell is with our monkey?", asked the shocked bartender.   The man looks over at the monkey and says "Oh it's no big deal. He always does that when he eats anything small."   "Why?", asked the flabbergasted bartender.   The man then puts down his drink, sighs, and says "Well, a couple of years ago we were at this other bar and my monkey accidentally ate an 8 ball. 
miss piggy walks into a veterinarian office and the vet asks, "whats wrong"? she replies, "there's a frog stuck in my throat"
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar, sits down, and calls the bartender over.  "I'll have a shot of whiskey with a beer back please."  The bartender brings the drinks over and the man drinks the shot, chugs the beer, and then looks into his shirt pocket.  A few minutes later the man orders another round for himself, drinks the shot, chugs the beer, and looks into his shirt pocket again.  This goes on for half of the evening before the bartender's curiosity gets the better of him.  "Excuse me for asking Sir, but why do you keep looking inside of your pocket after you finish your drinks?"  The man smiles and replies "I've got a picture of my wife in there and when she starts looking good...I'm going home! Another round please!"
A turtle walks into a bar He asks for a drink but the bartender refuses to serve him and throws him out, one week later the turtle walks back to the bar  and asks the bartender ''but why?''
A blind person walks into a bar JK, they were blind and walked into traffic and died.  huehuehue
Guy walks into a bar and orders a fruit punch. Bartender says, "Pal, if you want a punch you'll have to stand in line"   Guy looks around, but there is no punch line.
A lawyer, a spy, a money launderer, and a mob boss walk into a bar. The bar tender looks up and says, "you must be here to talk about adoption".
Amy Schumer Walks Into a Bar Amy Schumer walks into a bar. She's there to deliver a box. The bartender opens it up and inside is a punchline. He recognizes it from a famous punchline exhibit. As she's leaving he yells at her, "Hey, this is stolen!" She just ignores him and keeps walking back to her office building to collect her paycheck.
A panda walks into a restaurant A panda walks into a restaurant, sits down and orders a sandwich. He eats the sandwich, pulls out a gun and shoots the waiter dead. As the panda stands up to go, the manager shouts,  "Hey! Where are you going? You just shot my waiter and you didn't pay for your sandwich!"  The panda yells back at the manager,   "Hey man, I'm a PANDA! Look it up!"  The manager opens his dictionary and sees the following definition for panda:  "A tree dwelling placental mammal of Asian origin, characterized by distinct black and white coloring. Eats shoots and leaves."
A man walks into a bar. Inside are a jar of 20's. [NSFW] So he asks the bartender "What's with this jar of 20's" He replied "we have a donkey out back. Put a 20 in the jar, and the first one to make him laugh gets the jar" So the man puts a 20 in the jar and goes out back. 5 min later the donkey is laughing his ass off. The bartender asks the man, "how'd you do it". "I can't tell you" said the man, and left. A month later the same man comes back to the bar and sees another jar of 20's. He asks the bartender, "What's the jar of 20's for"? "Well you know that donkey you made laugh? Well now it won't stop laughing. So put a 20 in the jar, and if you can make it stop laughing, you get the jar of 20's." Man says okay. Puts a 20 in the jar and goes out back.  5 min later he walks out with the donkey looking all sad, tail between it's legs.  Just as the man was about to leave with his jar of 20s the bartender asks, him.  "Okay you've got to tell me how you do it. First you made him laugh for a month, and just stop in five minutes. What the he'll did you do?" The man agreed and said. "The first time I told him I had a bigger dick than he did. This time I showed it to him."
An Atheist, a Feminist, and a Vegan walk into a bar. I know because they made sure everyone did.
Jonathan Joestar walks into a bar You were expecting a punch line BUT IT WAS ME, DIO
A man walks into a bar and sees 3 pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling The bartender offers him a deal  Bartender: If you can jump up and slap one of these pieces of meat I will give you free drinks for the night. If you fail you will have to pay for everyone's drinks for the next hour  Man: Nah...  The steaks are too high
An elderly man walks into confession and says... “Father, I’m 80 years old, married, have four kids and eleven healthy grandchildren, and last night I had an affair with two 18 year old girls. I made love with both of them… twice.”  The priest said, “Well, my son, when was the last time you were in confession?”  “Never Father… I'm Jewish.”  “So then, why are you telling me?”  “I’m telling everybody!”
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar… Just kidding.
Two mathematicians walk into a bar. Two mathematicians walk into a bar and begin to argue about the intelligence of the waitresses. One mathematician gets up, and on his way to the bathroom stops his server. He tells her: "I'll give you $5 is you answer "one-third x cubed" to the next question I ask you, OK?"   The server nods, and walks away. When the mathematician returns to his table, he tells his colleague: "I bet you $100 that our server can answer a simple calculus problem."   He then proceeds to flag down the server and asks her,   "What is the indefinite integral of x squared?"   She responds, "one-third x cubed."   The man then proceeds to collect his money, only to be interrupted by the server saying "plus a constant." 
C, E-flat, and G walk into a bar. The bartender shows them the door and says, “Sorry, we don’t serve minors.”
A repost walks into a bar... The bartender looks at him and says "you again?"
A group of gamers try to walk into a bar *use wall hack*
A guy walks into a bar and sees three pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling He asks the bartender, "what's up with that?" The bartender replies, "if you can jump up and touch the meat, your drinks are free for the rest of the night. But if you miss, you have to pay for everyone's drinks for the next hour. Wanna try?" The guy says, "Nah, the steaks are too high."
Rene Descartes walks into a bar The bartender asks him, "Would you like a beer?" He says, "I think not." He disappears. 
Two CPU's walk into a bar... Which one pays?   [the one with more cache](#s)
A man walks into the doctors... He goes,   "Doctor doctor, some days I wake up and think I'm a teepee, other days I wake up and think I'm a wigwam."  "I know what your problem is, you're too tense."
A genie walks into a bar The person behind the bar says, "Sorry, we don't serve djinn".
A man walks into a library and asks for a book on suicide The librarian says "Fuck off! You won't bring it back!"
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and notices several lines of people getting beaten. Curious, he walks to the bartender.  Man: “What’s with these people getting beaten?”  Bartender: “Oh, those guys refused to pay their tabs so we kidnapped ‘em and let people hurt them for money, their punishment varies depending on their tab.”  M: “So what’s the price for each of these guys?”  B: “Well Tom over here in the kick line is $5, Fred in the cutting line is $10, Jeff in the pinch line is $2, John in the hair pulling line is $7... huh, that’s weird.”  M: “What?”  B: “There’s no punch line.”
David Hasselhoff walks into a bar The bartender saw him and exclaimed “omg! Its you david hasselhoff!”  David Hasselhoff wanting to sound casual replied “hey buddy, you can call me hoff!”  Bartender “ no hassel”
A guy walks into a pet shop and inquires about buying a goldfish. "Do you need an aquarium?" asks the salesperson.  "No," answers the guy. "I don't care what sign it is."
Man walks into a bank He steps up to the teller and says... "I would like to open a fucking checking account"  The teller looks at him and says "I would love to help you sir, but could you please watch your language"?  The man say. "Listen Bitch, shut your mouth and open a new checking account for me!"  The teller, obviously shaken, says "Sir, if you can't control your language and stop being abusive, I will have to get the manager."  "Go get the fucking manager!" the guy yells.  So the teller comes back with the manager, who looks at the man and says  "Is there a problem here?"  "You bet your sweet ass there is a problem!" The man yells... "I just won the state lottery, and I want to open a god damned checking account!'  The manger looks at the man, then at the teller and says...  "And this bitch is giving you a hard time"?
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar... You can't tell me that's just a coincidence .
A man walks into a bar with an ostrich. A man walks into a bar with an ostrich. He sits down at the bar, and the bartender asks him: "What can I get ya?" The man: "I'll have two whiskeys please." "That'll be $5.56. The man pulls out exactly 5 dollars and 56 cents from his pocket. He puts it down on the bar, takes his whiskey, drinks with his ostrich, and leaves. The next day, the man comes in again. He sits down, and the bartender asks him:  "What can I get ya?" The man replies: "I'll have two bloody marys." "That'll be $7.73" The man pulls out exactly 7 dollars and 73 cents from his pocket. He puts it on the bar, drinks with his ostrich, and then leaves.  The next day, the man comes back. He sits down, and the bartender asks him:  "What can I get ya?" The man replies: "I'll have two beers." "That'll be 4.82." The man pulls out exactly 4 dollars and 82 cents from his pocket. As the bartender serves him, he strikes up a conversation. "Hey, you've been coming here for three days now, and I've noticed, you've always got exact change in you pocket. How is that?" The man smiles, and goes: "Well, it's a long story, you see, back when I was a younger man, I liked to do some treasure hunting. And one time, when I was in Tibet, I actually found a lamp with a genie in it!" "Wow!" Exclaims the bartender, "What did you wish for?"  "I'm getting to that, now, when I rubbed this lamp, this genie pops out, and there's this smoke and all, but it's not as dramatic as I would've thought, ya know?  And so he pops out, and this genie tells me that I get two wishes." "Just two? I thought it was supposed to be three?" "So did I. But I guess things aren't as good as they used to be. And it's not like I was going to pass the offer down. So I sit down, and I think for a bit. And eventually, I come up with what I think will be the perfect wish. I ask to have exact change for whatever I'm buying, instantly in my pocket. That way I'm never rich, but I'm not poor either." "Smart idea. But what about the second wish?" Asks the bartender The man chuckles and says: "I asked for a chick with long legs."
Jack walks into a bar with his dog... He quickly announces to the bar that his dog talks and will wager $100 to anyway who doesn’t believe him.   So Big Al goes up to the Jack and his dog and takes the wager.   “I will ask your dog some questions and if does indeed talk, I’ll give you $100.   They agree and Big Al proceeds to ask the dog:  “Describe what bark on a tree feels like.”  The dog responds,  “Rough!”  Big Al tells Jack he is full of crap as the dog clearly only barked at him.   Jack tells him to try again.   Big Al goes,  “What sits on top of a house?”  The dog responds,  “Roof!”  Now Big Al is really getting pissed as this dog is clearly just barking again and not talking.  Jack, getting nervous, tells Big Al to try one more time.   “Who was the greatest American Baseball player of all time?”  “Ruth!”  Now Big Al had enough and told Jack and his dog to get out.   As they were walking on the street outside the bar, the dog looks at Jack and says,  “Was the third answer DiMaggio?” 
A guy walks into a restaurant with a full-grown ostrich behind him. The waitress asks for their orders. The guy says, "A hamburger, fries, and a coke," and turns to the ostrich, "What's yours?"  "I'll have the same," says the ostrich.  A short time later the waitress returns with the order. "That will be $18.40 please." The man reaches into his pocket and, without looking, pulls out the exact change for payment.  The next day, the guy and the ostrich come again and the guy says, "A hamburger, fries, and a coke."  The ostrich says, "I'll have the same."  Again the guy reaches into his pocket and pays with exact change. This becomes routine until one night they enter the restaurant and the waitress asks, "The usual?"  "No, this is Friday night, so I will have a steak, baked potato, and salad", says the guy.  "Me too," says the ostrich.  The waitress brings the order and says, "That will be $42.62."  Once again the guy pulls the exact change out of his pocket and places it on the table. The waitress can't hold back her curiosity any longer. "Excuse me, sir. How do you manage to always come up with the exact change out of your pocket every time?"  "Well," says the guy, "several years ago I was cleaning my attic and found an old lamp. When I rubbed it a genie appeared and offered me two wishes. My first wish was that if I ever had to pay for anything, I would just put my hand in my pocket and the right amount of money would always be there."  "That's brilliant!" says the waitress. "Most people would wish for a million dollars or something, but you'll always be as rich as you want for as long as you live!"  "That's right. Whether it's a gallon of milk or a Rolls Royce, the exact money is always there," says the guy.  The waitress asks, "But, sir, what's with the ostrich?"  The guy sighs and answers, "My second wish was for a tall chick with long legs who agrees with everything I say."
Two writers walk into a bar One is anemic, and the other is a strong writer. The strong writer says to the anemic one, "What's your name?"  "I'm E," he says. The men shake hands and the strong writer says,  "Tell me about yourself."  "I really want to get better." "Well, you need some iron, E."
Two chemists walk into a bar. The first one says, "I'll have an H2O."  The second one says, "I'll have an H2O too."
A Horse walks into a bar And the barman says: "why the long face?" and the horse says: "stop fucking around jim, my wife just left me"
3 conspiracy theorists walk into a bar... You can't tell me that's just a coincidence .
A limbo champion walks into a bar They are disqualified 
Three motorcycle riders walk into roadside restaurant... A middle aged man sits inside and eats his dinner.  The first rider went to the man and burned out his cigarette on his plate.  The second rider spitted into his milk.  Finally, the third rider dropped his lunch on the floor and stepped on it.   Without saying a word, the man got up and went out.  -What a loser,  told one of the rider to the waitress.  -He can't stand like a man.  -Yes, a very bad driver as well,  said the waitress,  -He just drove over three motorcycles with his 18-wheeler.  
Two electrical components walk into a LGBT bar... Bartender "you two look alike, are you related?"  "Yea, we're transistors"
A man walks into a pharmacy And asks the man behind the counter, after dropping off his prescription,  "Excuse me, but what time do you close on Sunday?"  He replies,  "Oh, we don't close on Sunday."  Pleasantly surprised, the man picks up some other items and leaves.  The next day, Sunday, the man goes to pick up his prescription, only to find a closed sign hanging on the door of the pharmacy! Peeved at the lying pharmacist, he trudges back home and waits Monday.  Monday morning, right as the pharmacist unlocks the door, the man is running up to him, shouting.  "Hey! You said that you never closed on Sundays, but when I came around yesterday, you were closed! What gives?"  The pharmacist looks at the man and says,  "Well, we in fact did not close yesterday, because we never even opened!"
Three men walk into a bar Two got concussions, and the third ducked.
You and your friend walk into the grocery store. You turn to your friend and say, “Uh-oh! I forgot my frong!”
A blind man walks into a bar **And a table. And a chair.**
A man walks into a zoo. The only animal in the entire zoo is a dog. It’s a shitzu.
A climate scientist and a climate-change denier walk into a bar The climate-change denier goes to the bartender and asks for the strongest drink in the house.  The bartender takes out a bottle and says, "This is Absinthe, about 75% alcohol. Can I sell you a glass?"  The climate-change denier gets all upset and leaves the bar in a huff. The climate scientist says to the bartender, "Those climate-change deniers! You can show them the proof but they still won't buy it!
A pair of jumper cables walk into a bar And the bartender says, “fine you guys can stay, as long as you don’t start anything.”
Three Germans walk into a BAR. They die.
A nun walks into a bar... ..and crosses a vegan with an elephant.  That's a nun sequitur.
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "can I have a beer before the problem starts?" The bartender is confused but gives the man a beer. After a few minutes the man says again, "Can I have a beer before the problem starts?" The bartender gets him another beer. This happened several more times untill the bartender is fed up and says "Sir you need to pay for your beers before I serve you this next one."             The man responds "Now the problem has started.
A man walks into a bar and asks for a bottle of beer. "Give me a bottle of beer before the problem starts" he said. After taking a bottle of beer he asks for another. He keeps asking for another until he has finished 10 bottles.  The bartender asks him "when are you paying for the beers?" . "Now the problem starts" replied the man.
Oxygen and potassium walk into a bar The bartender said "Ok"
A man walks into a library He asks the librarian "Excuse me, have you got the new book on small penises please?"   "I'm sorry, I don't think it's in yet"   "yes that's the one" 
A black man walks into a bar... The other inmates laughed.
Two scientist walk into a bar....... The first one orders H20, and the second one said he will have H20, The bartender proceeds to give both of them water, since he is not a god damned idiot who will give someone something that will kill them.
A man walks into a pub and asks the bartender to tell him a story about penises The bartender says 'Sorry, mate, we don't do cock tales here'
This women walks into a bar and says, "Give me an entendre. Make it a double." So the bartender gives it to her  E: credit to /u/Narzgul85
A pair of jumper cables walk into a bar. They order a drink and the bartender says, "Ok, I'll serve you. Just don't start anything."
A man walks into a bar with his pet alligator... Bar man: "You need to leave because if that alligator bites someone I'll get sued!"  Alligator owner: "No no he's tame! Watch I'll prove it."  He then zips down his fly and puts his cock inside the alligators mouth. The alligator keeps its mouth open the whole time. He then zips his pants back up and says  "See I told you he was tame! Anyone else like to try?"  drunk guy at the bar: "Yeah Id like to try but I don't think I can keep my mouth open that long."
C, E Flat, and G walk into a bar The bartenders shows them the door and says, "sorry, we don't serve minors"
A man walks into a zoo But to his surprise, there is only one animal there, a dog.  It's a shit zoo.
A thousand baby seals walk into a club. The Inuit are happy with a good season this year.
A white supremecist walks into a bar... A white supremecist walks into a bar and bumps into another white supremecist. 'Pardon me!' says Joe Arpaio. 'Sure!' says the president.        Note: joke corrected for 'gettability' by my husband. 
So a man walks into a bar. And he says "Owch that really fucking hurt!"
Pirate with a cat on his shoulder walks into a bar... The bartender looks at him and says, "You be a pirate?" "YARRRGHH!" The pirate responds. The bartender asks, "What happened to your parrot?" Pirate goes, "Oh the cat ate it!" 
A guy walks into a bar A guy walks into a crowded bar holding a pistol and yells “I have a 45 caliber colt 1911 with one in the chamber and I wanna know who’s been sleeping with my wife”.   A voice from the back of the room yells  “You’re going to need more ammo”
A man walks into a pet shop A man walks into a pet shop and says to the owner ‘how much for the wasp?’  The owner says ‘we don’t sell wasps’   And the man says ‘well what about that one in the window?’
A bear walks into a bar... A bear walks into a bar and goes up to the bartender.  The bartender greets the bear, "Hey there! What can I get for you?"  The bear goes, "Umm, I'll have..."  The bartender checks his watch, waiting patiently for the bear's order.  Finally, the bear answers, "...a gin and tonic please."  The bartender replies, "Why the big pause?"  The customer retorts, looking slightly confused, "Because I'm a bear."
Guy walks into a bar... Find out more on the next episode of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives.
Jussie Smollett walks into a bar No he didn’t.  ...Oooo busted!
Guy walks into a bar Ah fuck that hurt
A guy walks into a bar Wait... I dunno the rest I was too drunk
A man walks into a bar and sees a tiny man playing a tiny piano. He says to the bartender “how did this happen?”   The bartender responds by saying that there is a genie in the back room that will grant you any one wish, and that the man is welcome to go and take a look.   The man goes to the back room and to his surprise sees that there is, in fact, a genie ready and willing to grant him a wish.   “Wow! I wish for a million bucks!”   “It is done. You wish has been granted and is waiting for you outside of the bar.” The genie says.   The man runs outside expecting a mountain of cash and instead sees one million ducks waiting for him outside. There are ducks everywhere. The man storms back inside to confront the bartender.   “Excuse me, but I’m pretty pissed off here! I asked for a million bucks and he gave me a million ducks! I think your genie might be a little hard of hearing!”  “Tell me about it” says the bartender. “Do you really think I asked for a twelve inch pianist?” 
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar ... the first one orders a beer. The second one orders half a beer. The third one orders a quarter of a beer. The bartender stops them, pours them 2 beers and says "you guys should know your limit".
A pirate walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Uh, do you realize you have a ship's wheel for a belt buckle?"  The pirate says, "Arrr, it's driving me nuts!"
A Stark, a Lannister and a Bolton walk into a bar  The bartender says, "What can I get you, Lady Sansa?"
A man walks into a bar with an alligator. He call for everyone's attention, orders a beer and proceeds to put his balls in the gator's open mouth. The gator closes its mouth, the man drinks the beer and then takes the bottle and whacks the gator on the head with it real hard. The gator opens its mouth and the man shows off his unharmed balls.  He looks around the bar and says, "I'll give anyone here a 100 dollars to try this."  There is dead silence in the bar and than a hand goes up in the back and a blond girl comes forward and says, "I'll give it a shot, just don't hit me so hard with the bottle."
A man walks into a bar He sits by the counter and orders the bar's special drink. After two shots he jumps out of the window,and comes back through the main entrance few minutes later.Another man then asks him - "Wow! We're on like 5th floor. How did you not even break a bone upon falling?"He replied - "The bar's special drink is magical. If you drink two shots and fall,your feet will stop right before hitting the ground and slowly put you back down."The man nodded and said - "I need to try this!" then drank two shots of bar's special drink and threw himself out of the window. He instantly died hitting the ground.Then the barman said to the first man - "You're such a Jerk,Superman!" ~~I apologize if this joke was already posted here.~~
A priest, paedophile, and a rapist walk into a bar... ... he orders a drink.
A man walks into a tobacco shop "Hi, do you sell single cigarrettes?" "Only one?" answers the clerk. "Sorry, we only sell them on packs". "Whatever" says the man as he walks out the store. The next day, the clerk sees the same man walking in. "Hi, do you sell single cigarrettes?" "No, I already told you, we only sell packs of cigarrettes here". "Okay" answers the man as he leaves. The same thing goes on for the whole week, so the clerk decides to start selling spare cigarrettes just for that man. The next Monday, the same man walks into his shop. "Excuse me, do you sell single cigarrettes?" "Yes, we do" answers the clerk. "Well, I want twenty".
Thanos walks into a barber shop [spoilers for endgame?]   So Thanos walks into an avengers themed barber shop  Thor : whatchu want fam  Thanos: a little of the top please  Thor: say no more  :
A man walks into a bar The man, named Robert Mueller, scowls and asks, "Why the hell do you keep getting in my way, William?"
A golem walks into a bar... And the barkeeper says "Livingstone, I presume?"
A guy walks into a bar and sees three blondes sitting at a table across the room. Apparently they were celebrating because every few minutes they would toast and say “6 months”. They kept doing this and curiously built up in the man, so he decided to walk over and he said, “excuse me ladies, but I noticed you’re celebrating something, what does it have to do with 6 months?” One of the girls replied “we finished this puzzle in 6 months and on the box it said 2-4 years.”
Deshawn walks into a bar with his Martian, Venutian, and Nuptunian friends He walks up to the bar and orders a few drinks for his friends. The bartender goes "Son! so glad to see you here! Who are your friends?" Deshawn proceeds to explain how he met them touring the solar system a few years ago, and they've kept in touch since. The night passes smoothly, everyone having a great time, except the Martian can't really hold his booze too well, but it's more funny than anything.  Suddenly, Deshawn wakes up next to his girlfriend.   "Honey, I just had the strangest dream," he declares.  "Tell me about it," she replies.  So he says: "I had a dream that I knew my dad!"
A horse, a nun, and Santa Clause walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and asks, "Is this some kind of joke?"
Two men walk into a bar. The other one ducks.
A married couple walk into a bar. The man tells his wife that she's gained a little weight and her ass is bigger than his grill. Later that night, he tries to initiate sex and she says "I'm not going to fire up the grill for just a little wiener."
A man walks into a bar Clearly drunk he stumbles up to two people talking at the bar and taps one on the shoulder to get her attention.  “I fucked your mum” he murmurs.  She glares at him angrily but doesn’t reply.  “Every hole, every way imaginable”  She looks horrified  “She even sucked me off the dirty slut”  Finally the woman appears to have had enough. she takes a deep breath in and out.  “Go home dad you’re drunk”.
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
A man walks into a bar Guy behind him ducks. 
Once an elephant and an ant walks into a bar. And the ant got crushed under the elephant's feet.
What do you say when you walk into a German bakery? Gluten Morgen!
A bear walks into a bar and says, “Give me a whiskey and … cola.” “Why the big pause?” asks the bartender. The bear shrugged. “I’m not sure; I was born with them.”
A duck walks into a bar and orders two beers The bartender asks how are you going to pay for this and how are you gonna carry those?  The duck looks at the bartender. "Just put it on my bill:
3 logicians walk into a bar. The bartender asks "Do you all want beer?"   The first says "I don't know"  The second says "I don't know".   The third says "Yes!"﻿   edit: formatting
I pirate walks into a bar, and the bartender says... **Bartender:** Uh (pointing down), you know you have a ship's wheel hanging from your testicles?  **Pirate:** Aye! (nodding his head while removing his pipe), and it's driving me nuts.
Two guys walk into a bar The third one ducked. 
A person with multiple sclerosis walks into a bar... and a chair....  and a table...  and the wall...  ...you get it. 
A mushroom walks into a bar and sidles up to a stool. Bartender: “You’ll need to leave. We don’t serve your kind here.”  Mushroom: “Why not? I’m a . . . fun-gi.”
A horse walks into a bar and the barman says "Why the long face?" The horse, being a horse and thus unable to speak or comprehend the  complexities of conversation, does not reply and shits on the floor.
Two hillbillies walk into a restaurant.  While having a bite to eat, they talk about their moonshine operation. Suddenly, a woman at a nearby table, who is eating a sandwich, begins to cough.  After a minute or so, it becomes apparent that she is in real distress. One of the hillbillies looks at her and says, Kin ya swallar?'  The woman shakes her head no. Then he asks, 'Kin ya breathe?' The woman begins to turn blue, and shakes her head no.  The hillbilly walks over to the woman, lifts up her dress, yanks down her drawers, and quickly gives her right butt cheek a lick with his tongue. The woman is so shocked that she has a violent spasm, and the obstruction flies out of her mouth.As she begins to breathe again, the Hillbilly walks slowly back to his table. His partner says, 'Ya know, I'd heerd of that there 'Hind Lick Maneuver' but I ain't niver seed nobody do it!'
Three atoms, hydrogen, helium, and oxygen walk into a bar. They go up to the bartender, Germanium, and start to order their drinks, but soon realise they are short on cash.   Hydrogen says to Germanium, "Hey man, we've had a long week, bonding is hard. If we can make you laugh, can we drink for free tonight?"  Germanium thinks about it for a minute before agreeing to the proposition.  Hydrogen tries first. "Two chemists walk into a bar. The first says, I'll have some H20. The second says I'll have some H202!"  Germanium grunts and rolls his eyes. "You seriously think I haven't heard that one before?"  Helium goes next. "Helium walks into a bar. The bartender says 'we don't serve noble gasses here.' Helium doesn't react!"  Germanium smiles a bit. Helium asks "was I close?" Germanium replies, " No, just ironic. Neither helium is getting served."  Oxygen replies, "Now hang on, I still get to try. Did you here that oxygen went on a date with potassium? It went OK!"  All three atoms look expectantly upward toward Germanium's face, but alas, not even a smile.   Oxygen looks around at his friends, realizing they had lost. Gesturing towards Germanium, he says "Lets go guys, this is clearly no laughing matter."  
A man walks into a bar and sees a jar full of $100 bills. The man asks "what's that jar for?" The bartender replies "well if you complete the challenge, you get that entire jar"  the man says "there's got to be at least $2500 in there, what's the challenge?" The Bartender says "well first, you have to knock that guy out of his stool" the bartender point at a body builder sitting across the bar "after that, there's a doberman with a rotten tooth in the bathroom, you have to remove the tooth. And after that, there's an 80 year old nymphomaniac women upstairs you need to please. It's $100 for one try." The man hands the bartender $100 and runs up to the body builder and punches him out of his seat, then he rushes into the bathroom, you can hear barking, screaming,and howling come from the bathroom, after about 30 minutes the man rushes out of the bathroom with his pants around his ankles and says to the bartender "ok, where's the old lady with the rotten tooth?"
A Rapist, a Drunkard, and a Judge walk into a bar. **The bartender asks, "What are you having to day, Judge Kavanaugh?** 
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first orders a liter  The second orders a half liter  The third orders a quarter liter  The fourth orders a 1/8th of a liter  The fifth orders a 1/16th of a liter  Eventually the bartender pours 2 liters and says, "you mathematicians. you just don't know your limits."
A weasel walks into a bar.. Bartender says "I have NEVER seen a weasel in here before! So, what'll it be?" "Pop" goes the weasel.
Der and das walk into a bar... They approach the bar nervously and await the attention of the bartender. Eventually, the bartender approaches the two and scowls at them. Timidly, der requests 2 beers. The bartender (visibly angry at the pair) through gritted teeth responds "coming right up". As the bartender shuffled away, der and das both looked at each other with fear and confusion... but it was too late. The sound of glass smashing echoed through the bar as the bartender leaped over the counter wielding a broken bottle and charged toward them, screaming "DIE!!!".  To which the two german definite articles for nouns in singular respond "did you just assume my gender?"
A little boy walks into his parents’ room A little boy walks into his parents' room to see his mom on top of his dad bouncing up and down. The mom sees her son and quickly dismounts, worried about what her son has seen. She dresses quickly and goes to find him. The son sees his mom and asks, "What were you and Dad doing?" The mother replies, "Well you know your dad has a big tummy and sometimes I have to get on top of it to help flatten it." "You're wasting your time," said the boy. "Why is that?" asked his mom, puzzled. "Well when you go shopping the lady next door comes over and gets on her knees and blows it right back up."
A patient walks into his doctor's office and sees that his doctor is really down in the dumps. The patient says to the doctor, "Hey Doc, what's the matter?"  The doctor looks up at the patient and says, "It's all going downhill, man. I'm getting less and less appointment bookings every day. "  The patient replied, "That's terrible! Do you know why?"  The doctor sighs, "We're not sure what's causing it, but the decline in appointments is a definite case of clinical depression. " 
A horse, a dog, and a penguin walk into a bar Bartender: What are we even paying the bouncer for?
So, Schrodinger walks into a vet with his cat. The nurse takes the cat, goes into the room, and comes out 10 minutes later.  "Sir, we have good news and bad news."
C, Eb and G walk into a bar The bouncer says, "Sorry no minors!"﻿
A guy walks into a bar And sees a jar labeled “bar challenge” loaded with $5 bills. He asks the bartender and the bartender says “well, you put 5 bucks in, and if you complete the challenge, you take the money home.” So the guy asks what the challenge is.  “Well, you gotta drink a 5th of Jack Daniels, pull a tooth from Cujo, our German Shepard our back, and then you gotta fuck granny.” So the guys says “easy” and drops a 5 in the jar. The bartender slides him the fifth of jack and the guy downs it easy.  So the bartender leads him out the back door to the dog, and shuts the door behind him. After a minute or two he hears the dog whimpering and crying.  He opens the door to see the guy standing there, drunk, who looks at him and says, “alright, now where’s that grandma that I gotta pull her tooth?” 
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and  asks the bar tender and the bar tender points a sign and says "hey your drinks tonight will be on the house if you can get my horse to laugh, he's always in a bad mood and it's bad for business" so the man says " well damn it's worth a shot alright" he walks up to the horse and and whispers something in his ear. The horse starts howling with laughter. The man goes back to the bar and drinks happily for the rest of the night  A month later the man Comes back to the Sam bar and sees a new sign and asks the bar tender what it's about. The bar tender says " since you made that joke the horse still can't stop laughing! He's having trouble eating and the sound he makes is driving away more customers than before! If you can get him to stop I'll give you free beer for a month" again the man says it's worth a try and he walks up to the horse messes around with the buckle of his pants as he whisperes something into the horses ear. The immediately stops laughing and sheds some tears. And the man had another great night.  Now that the man has free beer for a month he comes back the next day and the bar tender pulls him aside and says " man I just got to know how you did it. What could you have possibly said to that horse?"   The man says " well the first time I told him my dick was bigger than his and the second time I showed him" 
A man walks into a bar with a dog He sets the dog on the bar and the bartender says "hey buddy you can't have that in here." The man explains to him that it's okay because the dog can talk and is well behaved. The bartender(thinking the man is insane) offers a bet, $100 if his dog can talk.  The man accepts the bet and turns to his dog to ask "what's above our heads?" The dog responds "roof!" The bartender is not impressed claiming thats a normal do noise and he was going to kick them out. The man responded that if he doubles the bet he can get the dog to say something else.  The bartender accepts and the man turns to his dog and asks "what is on a tree?" The dog responds "bark!" The bartender starts to lose his patience and says "that's it you're out of here buddy!"  The man implores he gets one last chance. The bartender says "If your dog can say something I'll make it $300!" The man very thankful turns to his dog and asks "Who is the best baseball player of all time?" The dog responds "Ruth!" The bartender furiously throws them out onti the sidewalk, angry he even gave the man a chance.  On the sidewalk the dog turns to his owner who looks upset and says "Is it DiMaggio?"
A father walks into the bathroom and catches his son masturbating. A father walks into the bathroom and catches his son masturbating.  “Dammit, son!” he yells. “How many times have I told you not to do that? If you don’t stop, you’re going to go blind!”  The son replies, “I’m over here, Dad.”
A gay man walks into a bar... And says to one of the patrons, "Mind if I push in your stool?"
Man and a Zebra walk into a bar The man sits down at the bar to get a drink and the zebra lies down in the corner and goes to sleep.   The bartender yells: "Hey! You can't leave that lyin' there!"  The man replies: "It's not a lion it's a zebra."
Two Dragons walk into a bar One says to the other one, "It's hot in here."  The other one says, "Well then shut your mouth!"
John walks into a bar and sees a strange man in the corner. This man in the corner was no ordinary man, as this man had a giant orange head. John walks to the bartender and says "Hey, what's up with the guy in the corner with the big orange head?" The bartender replies, "If you buy him a drink, he'll tell you his story." John was very interested in this man, so he decided to buy two pints and walks over to the man in the corner. "What do you want?" asks the man in the corner. He had grown to become agitated towards others who would get near him, where for the past few years others would make fun of him constantly. The man saw John holding an extra drink and said,"Ah, you must want to hear the story of my big orange head." John replies, "Yes, I was told if I buy you a drink, you will tell me your story."  The man starts to speak, introducing himself as Ron. Ron tells his story: "One day I was walking along the beach, and I was looking out into the sunset, it was a beautiful day. All of a sudden, a sharp pain ran through my toe, as I had stubbed it on an object in my path. I looked down, and saw a brass lamp with some writing on it. I picked up the lamp and rubbed the writing to get a better look, but then a genie flew out thunderously, and said 'You have freed me from 10,000 years of slavery, and for this, I shall grant you three wishes'. At this point I was stunned, but I knew what my first wish was going to be. I said that I wish to be the wealthiest person on the planet, so the genie snapped his fingers and money started to flow from my pockets. I checked my bank account balance on my phone and the number of zeros extended beyond my phone's screen. I had a deed in my hand owning a 50 bedroom mansion filled with staff waiting for my return. " "That's incredible!" exclaims John, "so what was your second wish?" Ron continues, "my second wish was that I would marry the most beautiful woman in the world. The genie snapped his fingers again, and from the sea emerged the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. I fell in love with her the moment I saw her, and the genie married us right then and there on the beach. It was one of the most incredible moments of my life." "Wow, I wish I could have stumbled upon this lamp," says John, "but none of this describes why you have a big orange head?" Ron says, "continuing on, I had one wish left. I wanted this wish to be unique, so I sat on the beach and thought about it for what felt like a lifetime. After this time, I had come to realize what I wanted for my third wish..."  "... And ever since that moment I have lived my life getting free drinks from people who want to know about my big orange head"  
The future, past and present walk into a bar It was tense
A Cowboy Walks Into a Saloon, Naked . . . . . . except for his boots.  The place goes dead silent. The cowboy orders a drink, and the bartender asks, “Boy, you know you ain’t got no clothes on?”  “Yup,” drawls the cowboy, “but it ain’t my fault.”  “Ain’t yer fault?” says another fella in disbelief. “How’d you get nekkid, then?”  The cowboy sets his drink down and says, “I was watering the horses outside the stables when a beautiful blonde pulls up in her car. She gets out and says, ‘I got somethin’ I wanna show you inside. Follow me.’ So I follow her into an empty stall.”  There’s a murmur among the other cowboys. He continues.  “She says, ‘I like the look of you. Take off your clothes.’ So I did. Then she takes off her clothes, and says, ‘Do you like what you see?’ I tell you what, she had the most beautiful body I ever seen!”  “So what did you do?” asked another cowboy.  “Well, I said, ‘Yes, ma’am!’ Then she lays down on a blanket, all friendly-like, and says, ‘Get on top of me.’  “Well, she didn’t have to ask me twice! I get on top of her, but then she says, ‘Go to town, Cowboy!’”  “So I pulled on my boots, and here I am.”      
A man walks into a bar with a steering wheel between his legs. He says to the bartender, "ello mate, can I get a pint of bitter?" The bartender says "sure thing, but why is there a steering wheel between your legs?" The man says "No idea mate, but its driving me nuts."
A Communist walks into a bar Everyone must get equally drunk
Two noble gases walk into a bar They order 2 drinks.  The bartender said " we don't serve noble gases here".  They have no reaction.
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and sees a very small man playing the piano. The guy couldn’t be more than a foot tall he was that short. The man walks up to the bartender and says “woah, does this place have any other cool tricks?”  The bartender replies “sure, there’s a magic mirror in the bathroom.” The man, now curious, goes into the bathroom.  “Whaddaya want?” Says the mirror with a thick Boston accent.  “I want a million bucks!” Shouts the man.  “Done” says the mirror.  The man walks out into the front of the bar to see more ducks than he’s ever seen in his life! Angrily he walks up to the bartender and says “hey! I wanted a million bucks but got a million DUCKS!” The bartender shrugs and says “you really think I wanted a twelve inch pianist?”
A young man walks into a record store and asks the clerk, “Do you have anything by the Doors?” “Sure,” replies the clerk, “a mop bucket and a fire extinguisher.”
A Cowboy Walks Into a Saloon, Naked . . . . . . except for his boots.  “Where your clothes at, Slim?”  “Back at the barn. I was feeding the horses when a beautiful blonde drove up. She says, ‘I wanna show you something in the barn. Follow me.’  So I followed her. She says, ‘Take off all your clothes.’ So I do. Then she takes off her clothes, and says, ‘You like what you see?’ Fellers, she had the most bodacious body I ever did see! I said, ‘Yes, ma’am, I do!’”  Then she lays down on a blanket, all friendly-like, and says, ‘Well, then, go to town, Cowboy!’  So I pulled on my boots and here I am.”
A man walks into a doctor's office... He drops his pants and bends over the table to show the doctor his asshole, which is red, inflamed, and about 15 inches wide.  "Good God, man!" cries the doctor. "What happened to you?"  "Well," the man explains. "I was on safari, and I got really drunk, and I ended up having sex with a bull elephant."  "That's terrible," replies the doctor. "Though correct me if I'm wrong, but I always thought that an elephant's penis was very long, but also very narrow."  "That's right, doctor," says the man. "But he fingered me first."
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender looks up and says "Wow! In all my years of tending bar I've never had a weasel stop by. What can I get you?"  "Pop" goes the weasel.
A horse walks into a bar for the 500th time. Not only does it wince in unbearable pain due to the sheer number of collisions, but it also starts to cry of embarrassment because it's a repost that he's run into and whenever he tries to tell people about it, he gets downvoted.
A woman walks into a bar and orders a double entendre Then the barman gives her one
2 people walk into a bar. One guy says "I'll have some H2O." and the other guy says "I'll have some H2O too." The other guy died shortly after.
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm. He says to the bartender, I’ll have a beer, and one for the road too.
A proctologist walks into a bar... ...and says, "Is this stool taken?"
2 people walk into a bar One says "I'll have H2O" The other one says "I'll have H2O too" The first guy has a nice glass of water, the other one...    Also has a fine glass of water because the bartender isn't some fucking psychopath that would fill your glass with toxic hydrogen peroxide and understands that the word "too" doesn't always mean the number. Jesus fucking Christ, how retarded would they have to be. What's that? You also thought that this psychotic bartender would commit manslaughter and still not be imprisoned? Wow, jokes are fucking dark.
A girl walks into a bar and orders a Double Entendre... so the bartender gives it to her.
A mother and a son walk into a doctor's office Because the son has been doing very poorly in his classes.   The mother says to the doctor "I think my son has become stupid."  The doctor says in reply "How do you suppose that would happen?"  "I'm sure it had something to do with those vaccines he got last year." said the mom.  "Ah-ha! That's it!" said the doctor.  "The vaccines caused it?"  "No, it's genetic."
Little Johnny walks into school one day to find a substitute in place of his regular teacher.... She says, "Hello class, I'm Mrs. Prussy. When you say my name class remember it has an "r" after the first letter."   The entire class says, "Hello Mrs. Prussy."   A few days later the regular teacher is still sick when Little Johnny gets to his desk the teacher asks what her name is.   Johnny thinks hard and the says to the teacher, "I remember it has an "r" after the first letter."   "That's right!" she coaxed.   Then after a few seconds Little Johnny says, "Mrs. Crunt?"
A vegan, an atheist, and a person who hates Fortnite walk into a bar Who's telling you first?
One class D personnel from SCP foundation walks into a bar.  \[DATA EXPUNGED\] 
Five numbers walk into a bar... ... A Natural number (6), an Integer (-2), a Rational (1/2), a Real (e) and a Complex number (1-i) walk into a bar.   The first four clutch their heads in pain, but 1-i keeps going.   When -2 asks him how he walked through it, he shrugs and replies   "I'm imaginary".
Four gays walk into a bar but notice that there is only one bar stool. What do they do? They turn it upside down.
A Horse Walks Into A Bar And the Bartender says, "Why the long face?"  To which the horse replies "My Alcohol Addiction is destroying my family."
A dog walks into a bar and hops up on a stool.  He looks the bartender in the eye and says, "Hey, guess what? I can talk. Have you ever seen a talking dog before? How about a drink?"     The bartender thinks for a moment and says, "Sure, the toilet's right around the corner."
A family walks into a restaurant They are seated by an employee, who says “your server will be with you shortly.” The family peruses the menu, and decides on meals. A duck walks up to the table and says “I will be your server for tonight, would you like to start us off sir?” The man says “yes I’ll have the fried fish” and the duck asks “Waddle it be for you ma’am”
An american, an australian and a russian walk into a bar... They sit down and each of them order a beer.   The American picks up his gun, spins it on his finger and shoots off the top of his beer, and says: «My name is Bill, Hillbilly Bill.”  The Australian nods impressed by the american, but then he picks up his boomerang and throws it.   After a few seconds it comes back and knocks off the top of his beer, and he proceeds and says: “My name is Bill, Crocodile Bill.”  The Russian looks to his right and left anxiously. He then gets their attention and stands up, he pulls his pants down and reveal he has two penises.... The American and Australian look confused. He then proceeds by saying: “My name is Byl, Cherno Byl.”
What do you say after you walk into a bar? Ouch!
A white guy walks into a restaurant and orders a burrito and a soft taco. The waiter, annoyed, tells the guy, "Sir, this is a Chinese restaurant" so the man says, "Okay give me a rurrito and a roft raco".
A man walks into a bar and takes a seat on one of the stools  The bartender looks at him and asks him what he'd like to drink. The man orders four shots of whiskey for himself. The bartender looks at the man and says "Four shots for yourself? What's the special occasion?" to which the man replies "First blowjob." The bartender puts on a congratulatory smile and pats the man on the shoulder and says he'll give him a fifth shot on the house. To which the man says "No thanks, if four shots doesn't get the taste out of my mouth, nothing will."
Three existentialists walk into a bar And the bartender says: "Why?!"
ƒ(x) walks into a bar. The barman says, "Sorry, we don't cater for functions."
So five guys walk into a bar I can’t believe none of them saw it.
A horse walks into a bar. The shocked bartender points a finger his way in alarm and yells, “Hey!”   The horse says, “You read my mind, buddy.”
A duck walks into a pub A duck walks into a pub and orders a pint of beer and a ham sandwich.  The barman looks at him and says, "hang on you're a duck."  "I see your eyes are working," replies the duck.  "And you can talk!" exclaims the barman.  "I see your ears are working too" says the duck.  "Now if you don't mind, can I have my beer and my sandwich please?"  "Certainly, sorry about that," says the barman as he pulls the duck's pint.  "It's just we don't get many ducks in this pub. What are you doing round this way?"  "I'm working on the building site across the road," explains the duck.  "I'm a plasterer."  The flabbergasted barman cannot believe the duck and wants to learn more, but takes the hint when the duck pulls out a newspaper from his bag and proceeds to read it.  So, the duck reads his paper, drinks his beer, eats his sandwich, bids the barman good day and leaves.  The same thing happens for two weeks.  Then one day the circus comes to town.  The ringmaster comes into the pub for a pint and the barman says to him "You're with the circus, aren't you? Well, I know this duck that could be just brilliant in your circus. He talks, drinks beer, eats sandwiches, reads the newspaper and everything!"  "Sounds marvelous," says the ringmaster, handing over his business card.  "Get him to give me a call."  So the next day when the duck comes into the pub the barman says,  "Hey Mr. Duck, I reckon I can line you up with a top job, paying really good money."  "I'm always looking for the next job,"  Says the duck.  "Where is it?"  "At the circus," says the barman.  "The circus" repeats the duck.  "That's right," replies the barman.  "The circus?" the duck asks again. With the big tent?"  "Yeah," the barman replies.  "With all the animals who live in cages, and performers who live in caravans?" says the duck.  "Of course," the barman replies.  "And the tent has canvas sides and a big canvas roof with a hole in the middle?" persists the duck.  "That's right!" says the barman.  The duck shakes his head in amazement, and says.......  "What the fuck would they want with a plasterer?"
Guy walks into a barbershop and says, “hey, Bob Peters here?” The barber says, “no, we just cut hair.”
A man walks into a vet He is holding his pet duck and says to the vet can you make duck better  The vet holds him for a minute and hen says he’s dead  The man says are you sure can you run some tests  The vet says ok and brings in a labradoodle the dog sniffs and looks at the vet and shakes his head.  Then the man says pleas can you just check one more time   So the vet brings in a cat and the cat licks a little bit and sniffs a little then shakes her head  So the vet confirms the duck is dead  So the man then says how much will that cost  And the vet says that will be 24 hundred dollars  The man questions and says what why  So the vet says It’s the cost of a Lab test and a CAT scan
Bond walks into a bar. Barkeep: What's you poison of choice tonight? Mr. Bond: Give me a martini. Shaken, not stirred. Barkeep: That would take too long. May I suggest some potassium cyanide?
A doctor, a nurse, and an anti-vaxxer walk into a bar The doctor orders a shot of bourbon. The nurse orders a shot of tequila. The anti-vaxxer says they don't believe in shots, falls off the bar stool, and dies of polio
A man walks into a bar and says "G-g-give me a b-b-beer". The bartender says "One b-b-beer coming r-r-right up". Halfway through the beer a Texan comes in and says in his thick Texas accent, "Gimme a taaall beeeer."  The bartender says in a similar thick Texas accent, "One taaall beeeer coming riiight up."  The first guy says to the bartender, "Hey, are you m-m-making f-f-f-f-fun of m-m-me?"  The bartender says, 'No, I was m-m-making f-f-f-fun of him."
A guy walks into an elevator and stands next to a beautiful woman. A guy walks into an elevator and stands next to a beautiful woman. After a few minutes he turns to her and says, "Can I smell your pussy?"  The woman looks at him in disgust and says, "Certainly not!"  "Hmmm," he replies. "It must be your feet, then.
A guy walks into a bar with a .44 magnum. A guy walks into a bar with a .44 magnum, fuming with anger. He yells at the top of his lungs "WHO THE FUCK, FUCKED MY WIFE!" Everybody stops, there's a lingering silence for a few seconds, then a guy in the back of the bar yells back "you haven't got enough bullets buddy."
A pretty boy walks into a bar The bartender says "Sir, your shirt is on backwards." and the boy smiles and says "No sir, that's just to show people that I do go backwards" he finished with a wink.
Two guys walk into a bar... ...and head over to the pool table. The one guy places two balls just out of the far side corner pockets and puts a quarter on the table between them. He tells the other guy to stand at the end of the table and lightly place his fingers over the two balls. I'll bet you five drinks I can shoot the cue ball at the quarter and its going to hit both balls. Your on. He lines up and takes a hard shot, the cue ball strikes the quarter, jumps off the table and nails him square in the coin purse. He walks over to the guy keeled over in pain, like I said boner breath, its gonna hit both balls. You owe me five drinks.
A law student walks into the bar They fail and now has to wait until the next bar to become a lawyer. 
A man walks into a bar.... I blame the paparazzi 
A young man walks into a lamp post "Ouch!" the lamp post shrieked. "that was hella painful"  Appalled by what he heard, the young man went all crazy and started running down the streets, where he saw road crossing chickens, stupid blondes, fatherless black kids and an insane number of lawyers, engineers, priests, scientists, doctors and door-knockers walking about.  That's when he realized all his life he has been living in the world of Jokes, and there he is, yet another insignificant character in this very world.  Exasperated, he knelt down and started crying to himself.  "Must be hard realizing all this suddenly ya?" a voice beckons from above his head.  The man looks up and sees a bearded man, about the age of 50, donning a pot belly and looking down at him.  "when I realized all these.." he continued, "I was about your age, I first noticed the repetitive nature of things happening around, how people seem to hang out in pairs or in trios, and how certain inanimate objects can actually talk... it was hard to accept it and I felt like a puppet, yet another entity being manipulated for the laughs of others..."  Hearing that, the young man felt consoled that he is not alone. But before he could speak, the chatty old man continued his sharing.  "Then one day I decided to risk it all, I quit my assigned job and found a new one, and though I have not been earning much, I have made quite a name for myself around here"  Feeling inspired and curious, the young man quickly asked about his new life.  "So what do you work as now sir?"  To which the old man replied,  "I'm the bus driver"
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers, and says "Five beers, please"
A guy walks into his doctor's office visibly upset... After waiting in the exam room for a few minutes his doctor finally walks in.  "Hey Steve, what's going on today?"  Distraught, Steve said "Doc, you gotta help me. I've had this really strange stomach problem for the past couple of days."  "Really?", replied the doctor. "Tell me more about it."  With a noticeable hesitation, Steve said "Well, you see, when I pass gas my farts make a really strange noise. It's almost like...like it's saying 'Honda'."   The doctor laughed as he wasn't expecting a joke. He noticed by the look on Steve's face that he wasn't kidding.  "Honda, you say?" as he started scribbling notes onto his pad.  Steve felt ridiculous &amp; embarrassed, but he was *sure* he wasn't just imagining things. He had to explain more. As he started to go into more detail Steve felt the rumbling in his stomach.   "Yes, just like this" Steve said. He leaned over to one side &amp; let it rip.  *HHHHOOONNNDDDAAAAAA*  Stunned, the doctor excused himself from the exam room to check his medical dictionaries, even asking other doctors in the office if they had ever heard of such a thing. He came back in a few minutes later with a bit of a smirk.  "Okay Steve, I need you to open your mouth wide."   Steve opened his mouth &amp;, after just a few quick seconds of looking around the doctor says, "Aha! Just as I thought. You have an abscessed tooth. You need to make an appointment with your dentist right away. I can give you a prescription for the pain &amp; infection, but that's about it."  Completely taken aback, Steve stammered, "Wait...wait. You're telling me an infected tooth is causing this whole thing? HOW??"  To which the doctor matter-of-factly replied, "Well Steve, everyone knows that abscess makes the fart go Honda." 
Two scientists walk into a bar. One said, "I'll have H2O." The second one said, "I'll have H2O too." The bartender gives them both water because he is able to distinguish between grammar tones 'cause he's not fucking retarded. 
Two scientists walk into a bar. The first one says, "I would have H2O."  The second one says, "I would also have H2O"  The first scientist goes to the bathroom because of the water he just drank.
So Helen Keller walks into a bar... ...then into the table, then the chair, and then the wall.
A priest, a rabbi and a midget walk into a bar The bartender says what is this a joke?
A piece of string walks into a bar The bar tender says “sorry we don’t serve you kind round here”   The string leaves, twists himself up, parts his hair and walks back into the bar,   The bartender says “sorry aren’t you the same guy from before”   The string replies “I’m a frayed knot” 
A guy walks into a bar, orders a few drinks and eventually starts talking about his married life to the bartender. "I think I’m gonna  divorce my wife …… she ain’t spoke to me in over a month,” the guy says.  The bartender looks thoughtful, then replies, “Better think that over son,  women like that are hard to find.”
Man walks into a fishmonger carrying a trout under his arm... He asks the shopkeeper, “Do you sell fish cakes?”  Shopkeeper replies “Of course!”  Man says, “Thank god, it’s his birthday!”
A judge walks into a bar The bartender says, "What do ya want?"   Judge replies, "Just ice." 
Heller Keller walks into a bar... then a table, and then a chair.
A man walks into a New York bar He sits down at the end of the bar and orders three stouts. The bartender raises an eyebrow but says nothing. He serves the beers. After the second round of the same order the bartender breaks his silence.  “Wouldn’t you enjoy them more if you ordered them one after another?”  The man chuckles and replies, “Probably, but I have one brother who lives in Sydney and another in Dublin. We rarely see each other so last time we were together we vowed to drink like this in honor of each other.”  The bartender smiles and nods. Soon the guy becomes a regular.    After a year or so the guy comes in and orders two beers. The bartender brings him the stouts and says, “I’d just like to offer my condolences.”  The man starts laughing and says, “Oh! My brother didn’t die. I quit drinking!” 
A narcissist, a psychiatrist and an alcoholic walk into a bar The waitress turns to the bar tender and asks, "Does he always come in alone?"
Three guys walk into a bar and try to get Guinness World Records. Guy 1: So I’ve been thinking: my head is pretty small. So I’m thinking, maybe I could get the Guinness World Record for smallest head.  Guy 2: Actually, now that you mention it, my arm is pretty small. Maybe I could get the Guinness World Record for smallest arm.  Guy 3: Well, I don’t like to admit it, but my dick is tiny. Maybe I should try to get the Guinness World Record for smallest penis.  \*A few days later\*  Guy 1: Guys, I did it! I got the Guinness World Record for smallest head!  Guy 2: Me too! I got the Guinness World Record for smallest arm!  Guy 3: **Who the fuck is (name of friend)!?**  (Replace “name of friend” with the name of one of your friends.)
A Roman walks into a bar.. Holds up two fingers, and says "Five beers, please."
A cheese walks into a bar... ...the Barman says we don’t serve your rind in here.
A blind man walks into a bar A chair and a table
A man walks into a bar He sees people playing cards and asks them, "hey are you guys playing cards?"
A neutron walks into a bar and orders a beer. He asks how much he needs to pay. Bartender says you don't have to pay. Neutron asks why not. Bartender says.... For you no charge
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar... And doesn't
A politician walks into an ice cream shop He orders 1 scoop of plain vanilla ice cream.   The employee asked him if he'd like some sprinkles.     Long story short, it took him 30 fucking minutes to answer yes.
Two blonds walk into a building... You'd think one of them would've seen it.
A monkey walks into a bar and says “Ouch! Who the hell left this bar here?!?!”
A man walks into a bar... ...and orders a drink. The bartender notices the man is upset and asks what is wrong.  “Well, my marriage hasn’t been going very well so I went to see the town prostitute last night. I asked her to keep our tryst to herself but by the time I got home my wife was waiting for me with a frying pan! Damn woman couldn’t keep a secret for fifteen minutes!”  The bartender shakes his head and gives the man a tisk-tisk:  “Of course the prostitute couldn’t keep a secret, she’s got loose lips!”
So a man walks into a bar with a gun He yells : “Which one of you twats nailed my wife ?!” as he cocks his gun.  The whole place goes silent.  Suddenly, at the end of the bar, someone suddenly stands up and yells :  “You don’t have enough bullets mate !”
A repost walks into a bar The bartender from r/jokes asks, "Is this a joke?"
A man walks into a bar Ouch
Charlie Kirk, Ayn Rand and Gary Johnson walk into a bar. They all die of lead poisoning because there's no goverment to regulate how much lead the barman is allowed to put into his drinks.
Two Atoners walk into a Las Vegas casino and say to a slot machine "Take me to your leader." The bartender says "Hey fellas, that thing ain't human" The Atoners say, "Yea, but at least it's familiar with the living dead!"  Nancy Kress in Steal Across the Sky. The woman is a gem. 
A woman walks into a butcher shop "How much for the pig's head?"  "Ma'am, that's a mirror"
Three clowns walk into a bar.... They walk in and order a drink. After a while they all head into the bathroom around the same time. 10-15 minutes pass by and the first clown walks out of the bathroom. The bartender says “What where you doing in there?” The clown goes “I was blowing bubbles”. Another 10-15 minutes go by and another clown walks out of the bathroom. Again the bartender asks “What where you doing in there?” The clown goes: “I was blowing bubbles”. After about 5 minutes, the third clown walks out of the bathroom. The bartender goes “Let me guess, you where blowing bubbles too?”  The clown goes “No, I’m Bubbles”.
So this Frenchman walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder... The bartender says, 'nice pet, where'd you get him?' and the parrot says, 'France, they got a million of 'em!'
I walk into a furniture store to buy a bed. However, I see this really great deal:  1 Twin Bed, 1 Mirror, and 1 night stand for only $300. Logically, I buy it, and the salesperson rings me up, and then tells me:  “Alrighty then. The card went through, and everything is purchased. Everything should arrive in a truck by tomorrow to drop everything off.”  I say thank you, and I leave, excited that I got a great deal.  However, tomorrow comes, and the truck arrives to drop everything off. However, I notice that something is missing, and then I say to myself:  “Those motherfuckers forgot to include it.”  I call the store, and the salesperson that sold me the set answers the phone:  “Thank you for calling Bob’s Furniture. I’m Bob, how can I help you?” The salesperson says.  I say: “Hello. I would like to file a complaint about the product. Yesterday, I bought a bed set, and it said that it would include a 1 night stand, but she wasn’t in the truck. What’s up with that?”  
A horse walks into a bar... The bar tender says, "why the long face?" The horse replies, "because my alcoholism is destroying my family"
A bartender walks into a stable.  The horse says, "Why the normal face?" 
A woman walks into a liquor store... One day a woman came into a liquor store seemingly upset, and rushed to the cashier immediately. She asked the cashier, “Do you carry that beer with the rabid dog on it?”. Under his breath the cashier said “raging bitch”, the woman thanked him and went to get her beer.
3 guys walk into a bathroom at a bar After about 20 minutes, the first guy comes out of the bathroom. The security guard was skeptical, so he asked what he was doing in there that took him so long. The man replied: "I was blowing bubbles". The security guard laughed and the man walked away. Another 20 minutes passed, and the second man came out. The security guard again asked what took so long. The man replied the same answer. "I was blowing bubbles". 5 minutes later, the last man comes out of the bathroom. The security guard chuckles and says: "Let me guess, were you blowing bubbles too?" The man replies: "No... I am Bubbles."
This fellow and a giraffe walk into a bar They both get drunk and the giraffe goes and sleeps on the floor. The bartender says “Oi! What’s that lyin’ there?”, and the fellow replies, “it’s not a lion it’s a giraffe.”
The Dalai Lama walks into a pizza shop and says... "Can you make me one with everything?"
A neutron walks into a bar... Sits down and orders a whisky  The bartender says 'For you, no charge'
A man walks into a bar and ask a bartender Man: Can I get a beer?  Bartender: I don’t know, caaaan yoou??
A man walks into a bar and asks for 10 times as many drinks as everyone else in the bar is having. The barman replies "Now THAT is an order of magnitude!"
(NSFW) A cowboy walks into a bar, looking as happy as can be. Another man sitting down asks him, “What on Earth could you be so happy for?”   The cowboy promptly answers with “I just untied a woman from the train tracks and proceeded to have sex with her”   The other man, astonished, asks for more details.  The cowboy proceeds to tell the other man all the positions they did it in, the silkiness of her skin, etc.  The other man, now excited, asks “Well did she give you head?”  “No, I couldn’t find it”
A dog walks into an employment agency and says he’s looking for full-time work. “Holy cow! A talking dog!” the agency owner cries. “With your talent, I’m sure we could find you a job in entertainment. Maybe a circus?”  &amp;#x200B;  “A circus?” the dog asks. “Why would the circus need an accountant?”
This man walks into a bar and orders 10 shots of whiskey. The bartender asks: "What's the matter?"... "I found out my brother is gay"  The next day the same man goes to the bar and orders 15 shots of whiskey. The bartenders asks: "You're back. What's wrong this time?"   "I found out that my son is gay."  The next day, the same man goes to the bar again and orders 20 shots of whiskey. The bartender asks: "Ok sir. What's the matter this time?"  "I found out that my dad is gay."  The next day, the same man goes to the bar again and orders 50 shots of whiskey. The bartender asks: "Does anyone in your family like women?"  "Apparently my wife does."
A man walks into a bar "I'll have tequila please"  Woman sitting next to him: "It's on me"  "No, its on the shelf. Pretty weird thing to lie about."
A Rabbi walks into a bar.. ...mitzvah
Dyslexic man walks into a bra Hwoops
A depressed person and a happy person walk into a hardware store, how can you tell the two apart? The depressed one goes straight for the ropes while the happy one follows them with a camera and is wearing a green hat with three eyes on it.
A nihilist, a socialist, and a neo-marxist walk into a bar and order drinks. "We don't sell alcohol to anyone under 18", says the bartender.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer Bartender says "sorry, we don't serve food here"
This is not a joke: A man walks into a bar See, it's a Haiku
An imperialist, a capitalist and a neo-liberal walks into a bar and order drinks. "Sorry, the bingo hall is down the road" says the bartender. 
A Centrist, Leftist, and Rightist Walk into a bar The Bartender Says "Blue Moon or Red Wine?"  "Blue Moon" says the leftist.  "Red Wine" says the rightist.  "Red Wine with cannabis oil" says the Centrist.
a race realist, a fascist, and an anti-feminist walk into a bar and order drinks. The bartender says, “Sorry, we don’t serve anyone under the age of 18.”
What do you say to a bloodied man who walks into a bar with knives, guns, and a recently used machete? Nothing. Not a damn thing. 
Two conspiracy theories walk into a bar. You can’t  tell me that was just a coincidence, man.
A guy walks into the bar of a restaurant and goes to the bartender and asks "how much for a beer?" The bartender replies "$1".  The customer completely amazed, orders a beer then asks the bartender  "Well then how much for a NY sirloin, with side of mashed potatoes and salad, and an entire cheesecake for desert?" The Bartender reply's "$5".  The guy still amazed then orders everything and after he is done eating his meal then says "Wow, this place is amazing, I really wish I could meet the owner of this place".  The bartender then says "Oh well, he's upstairs in his office with my wife".  The guy looks all confused then asks "What is he doing upstairs in his office with your wife?"  The bartender then says "The same thing I'm doing to his business".
A priest, a rabbi, and an imam walk into a coffeeshop five feet apart cuz they're not gay
A guy walks into a bar, and is greeted by a robot. The robot says, “What’s your drink”? The man replies, “Whisky”. The robot then says, “What’s your IQ”? The man says 150. The robot then pours his whisky and proceeds to talk to the man about the space time continuum, time travel, and the multiverse. The man finishes his drink, and leaves the bar.   As he was walking out, he thought, “I’m gonna try that again, see if I get a different response.” So he walks back in and the robot asks him again, “What’s your drink?”. The man again says “whisky”. The robot asks him for his IQ, and this time the man says 110. The robot pours his drink and begins to talk about nascar and normal people talk. He finishes his whisky and exits the bar.   He gets the idea to try it again. He walks back in, and again the robot asks him “What’s your drink?”. The man says “Whisky”. The robot asks “What’s your IQ?”. The man replies “50”. The robot pours his drink and says “You still upset Hillary lost?”  My dad came up with this one, thought I’d share it with you guys
A priest, a rabbi, and an imam, walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What is this, a joke?"
A guy walks into a sperm donor bank wearing a ski mask and holding a gun. He goes up to the nurse and demands her to open the sperm bank vault. She says, "But sir, its just a sperm bank!" "I don't care, open it now!" he replies. So she opens the door to the vault and inside are all the sperm samples. The guy says, "Take one of those sperm samples and drink it!" she looks at him, "BUT, they are sperm samples?"  "DO IT!" So the nurse sucks it back. "That one there, drink that one as well," so the nurse drinks that one as well. Finally after 4 samples the man takes off his ski mask, revealing he is her husband, and says, "See honey its not that hard!”  
A taken girl, an atheist, a vegan and a crossfitter walks into a bar... I know because they told everyone
This guy walks into a bar Asks the bartender for a drink then pulls out a small piano and a man about a foot tall. The little man sits at the piano and begins playing a beautiful Beethoven sonata.  Amazed, the bartender asks to find out the story behind this mini musician.  The man tells the bartender that he was on vacation in Costa Rica and after a long night of partying he decided to talk a walk on the beach. While walking, the man trips over something in the sand. He pulls it out and dusts it off. Immediately after dusting, a genie pops out and says you may have 1 wish, anything you'd like.  Before the man could continue, the bartender interrups and says "so you wished for a 12 inch pianist?"
A big girl walks into a bar... Feels like a big balar  Big girl you are beautifar.   Diet Coke and a pizza plar  Diet Coke, I'm on my knar  Screaming "Big Girl, you are beautifar" 
An asshole, a money hoarder, and a bag of shit walk into a bar the bartender says "what would you like today Mr. Pai?"
Two guys walk into a bar... The third one ducked
Two scientists walk into a bar, one says "I'll have some H2O" The other says "I'll have some water too please"  He then turns to his friend and asks him "Why would you order water like that?" The first scientist says nothing, but seethed that the assassination attempt failed.
Two FBI investigators walk into a freezer full of bodies. One says to the other,  "I see dead people."
A horse walks into a bar.... and many people in the bar stand up to leave aware of the danger in the situation.
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar on the top floor of a tall building and has a seat on an empty stool next to a guy with glasses. Our guy orders a beer, looks to his barstool neighbor and makes eye contact, lifts his pint in a silent toast, and enjoys a healthy swig.  "You know," interrupts the guy with glasses, "today is a rare and extraordinary day in terms of astronomy, geology, and physics."  "Huh?" says our guy, baffled.  The other guy continues, "No -- seriously. Hear me out. All of the planets in the solar system are in PERFECT alignment today. Absolutely perfect -- and THAT, my friend, means that for today and today only...gravity has reduced strength."  "That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard," returns our guy as he takes another large gulp of his beer.  "I'll prove it," says the stranger. The stranger signals our guy to follow him over to the window. The stranger than unlatches the window and both men look out and down at the tremendous height. The stranger then jumps out the window. Much to our guy's shock, the stranger -- as if he were a feather -- gently floats down toward the ground.  Once he gingerly makes contact with the pavement, the stranger waves back up towards our disbelieving guy, reenters the building and rides the elevator back to the top floor. Upon seeing the stranger reenter the bar, our guy resolves to try this amazing feat for himself.  He jumps out the window and quickly falls to his immediate death.  The man with glasses returns to his barstool and orders a whiskey. The bartender shakes his head and mutters, "you can be a real jerk when you're drunk, Superman."
So Gal Gadot walks into a Bar.... "Sorry, Ms Rafaeli" she says.
A man walks into a bar.. He says, "ow"
A Man Walks into a Hearing Aid Shop A Man Walks into a Hearing Aid Shop. He says to the worker, "My hearing is starting to get worse and I need some hearing aids."  In response, the worker says, "Great! I'm glad you came to our shop. Hearing aids range from cheap to very expensive, how much are you willing to pay?"  "Show me your cheapest pair," replies the man.  "Alright," says the salesman. "Right this way." They walk up to a counter, and the salesman pulls out a pair of earpieces connected to a long wire. "Put these in your ears, and run the wire to your pocket. That's all, and they only cost $19.99."  "But, wait," replies the man, confused. "How do they work if nothing is plugged in?"  "When people see them they talk louder," replies the salesman.
A termite walks into a bar and asks... is the bar tender here? 
A car, a motorcycle, and a truck walk into a bar Oh wait they can't walk! They crashed into a bar and now 10 people are dead!
A patient walks into a doctor’s office. The doctor says “pick a star sign, any star sign” so the patient goes “Capricorn”... The doctor goes “nahh you’ve got cancer”
So two chemists walk into a bar... One of them said, "I would like some H2O"  The other said, "I would like some H2O too!"  The second chemist died from poisoning.
A fully-erect black man walks into a bar... ...about a second after his dick does.
A man walks into a bar..... "What'll it be, sir?" asks the landlord.  "A pint of the black stuff if you please" replies the man.  "I just need to change the barrel, help yourself to some nuts while I nip down to the cellar".  Noticing the bowl of nuts for the first time, the man reaches to take a few.  As he does so, a voice emanates from the bowl - "Looking good there sir if I may say so, nice suit!"  "Cheers mate", replies the man, somewhat perplexed.  Looking around, he notices a cigarette machine at the end of the bar, and being a 40-a-day die-hard smoker, decides to stock up whilst waiting for his Guinness.  As he goes to up to the machine, an angry voice issues forth from the machine - "Fuck off you cunt!".  Backing away, feeling somewhat put upon, the man returns to his spot at the bar to find the landlord has returned, and is just about done drawing his pint.  "Excuse me landlord, what the hell is going on?  Your bowl of peanuts here had nothing but nice words for me, but the fag machine over there told me to fuck off"  "Ahh, sorry about that." replied the landlord.  "The peanuts are complementary, but the fag machine is out of order".
A woman walks into the butchers and asks ”how much is the pigs head in the window?” The butcher says “that’s not a pigs head it’s a fucking mirror”
McDoogle walks into a bar. He starts ordering several shots to drown his sorrows. He says to the bar keep you know when someone builds houses does anyone say there goes McDoogle the house builder? No they don’t. McDoogle downs another shot and orders another. He takes the glass in his hand and says when someone rescues children from a burning building do they say there goes McDoogle the rescuer? No! They don’t. He downs the shot, but if you fuck one sheep...   Note: not and oc joke read it in The Expedition Force Book 1 by Craig Alanson. Just thought it deserved to be shared.
A man walks into a therapist's office. "What seems to be the problem sir?" says the therapist  The man says, "I am very afraid of random letters."  Therapist: "Oh, you are?"  The man starts screaming and panicking.  Therapist: "Oh I see."  The man's screams intensify.
A priest, a monk and a rabbi walk into a bar. Ow!  Ow!  Oy!
Ronald McDonald walks into a bar and orders a McElob Ultra
A man walks into a bar [long] The man orders a drink, and asks the few patrons around him, “Do you all want to see something extraordinary, something I can guarantee you’ve never seen before in your entire lives?” Slightly skeptical but nonetheless curious, the customers humor him.   The man reaches into his coat and retrieves a miniature piano fit for a dollhouse. He then pulls out a tiny man, roughly a foot tall, who sits down and plays the piano beautifully.   The customers are stunned and demand to know where the man got these things.   The man says, “I know a genie. I could summon him here if you’d like. But I warn you, you only get one wish and you can’t say it out loud, so make it count.”  The man snaps his fingers, and the genie appears and asks, “Who’s first?”  At this point the bartender chimes in. “Me! It’s my bar, after all. The bartender closes his eyes and makes a wish. The genie claps his hands.   Suddenly, ducks start pouring into all the windows and doors of the bar and eventually fill up and surround the place.   “What the hell?” the bartender exclaims. “I wished for a million bucks, not a million ducks!”  The first man laughs. “You’re telling me! You really think I wished for a 12-inch pianist?”
An atheist walks into heaven... ...goes immediately to the complaint department.
An Irish man walks into a pub. The bartender asks him, "What'll you have?"  The man says, "Give me three pints of Guinness please."  So the bartender brings him three pints and the man proceeds to alternately sip one, then the other, then the third until they're gone. He then orders three more.  The bartender says, "Sir, I know you like them cold. You don't have to order three at a time. I can keep an eye on it and when you get low, I'll bring you a fresh cold one."  The man says, "You don't understand. I have two brothers, one in Australia and one in the States. We made a vow to each other that every Saturday night we'd still drink together. So right now, my brothers have three Guinness Stouts too, and we're drinking together.  The bartender thought that was a wonderful tradition. Every week the man came in and ordered three beers. Then one week he came in and ordered only two. He drank them and then ordered two more. The bartender said to him, "I know what your tradition is, and I'd just like to say that I'm sorry that one of your brothers died."  The man said, "Oh, me brothers are fine----I just quit drinking."
A guy walks into a bar He takes some of the free peanuts, but before he eats one, it says “Hey, cool shirt”. Guy says to the bartender “Those peanuts are pretty nice”. Bartender says “Yeah, they’re complimentary”
A cowboy walks into a bar and orders a dose of the strongest drink available. The bartender serves a glass, the cowboy drinks it all in a single swallow, hits the glass on the table and asks for more.  The bartender serves another dose and the cowboy again drinks it all in one gulp and asks for more. The bartender serves the third dose of his strongest drink and equally the cowboy drinks everything in one gulp.  Impressed, the bartender says:  "Wow, you drank three doses in one gulp each. You're a real macho".  And the cowboy replies:  "What’s the good of being so macho if the man I love doesnt want me?"  Ps.: I appreciate any language improvement.  Ps2.: This is a popular joke in my country.
A pastor, a rabbi, and a priest walk into a bar... All 3 of them pretend they don’t see the others, mumble about evangelizing to a passed out drunk, and leave a track or 2 on the counter before walking out. 
Guy walks into a bar with a monkey on his shoulder... Sits down and orders a beer. The monkey jumps off, runs over to the pool table, grabs the cue ball and swallows it.  Barman says "Dude, your monkey just swallowed my cue ball!"  "Yeah he swallows things all the time, sorry about that. I'll pay for the loss."  The rest of the night passes.  A week later, the guy returns to the bar with his monkey, sits down and orders a beer. The monkey jumps onto the bar, grabs a cherry out of a bowl, sticks it up his ass, pulls it back out and swallows it.  "Dude! Your monkey just stuck a cherry up its ass then swallowed it!"  "Yeah he's still swallowing everything, but after swallowing that cue ball he now measures things first."
2 magnets walk into a bar The negative magnet slides over to the positive magnet and says:  Hey, I think I’m attracted to you
A Rabbi, a Rastafarian and 2 Chainz walk into a bar. Robin Williams whispers, "Jew. Mon. G."
A Marine who is missing both of his arms walks into the bar... The bartender - also a former serviceman - spots the guy's SemperFi tattoo and shoves a tall foaming glass of beer in front of him.    "This one is on the house bro", he says.    "Thanks man," said the patron.  "Look" he says... "would you mind to hold the glass up to my mouth?"    "Sure" said the bartender, and he patiently holds it while the vet sips back the frosty nectar.    "If," says the armless man, "you'd reach in my right-hand pocket, you'll find my smokes, could you please..."    The bartender gets his pack out and lights one up for him.    "You've been very kind," said the customer. "Just one thing more."...    "Where is the men's room?"    The bartender's face suddenly turns flush...    "Out the door, turn left, walk two blocks - there's a gas station on the corner."
So a guy walks into a bar (I apologize in advance) He asks the bartender for a drink, the bartender says, “if you tell me a joke, I’ll give a drink. So the guy says  So a guy walks into a bar He asks the bartender for a drink, the bartender says, “if you tell me a joke, I’ll give a drink. So the guy says  So a guy walks into a bar He asks the bartender for a drink, the bartender says, “if you tell me a joke, I’ll give a drink. So the guy says  So a guy walks into a bar He asks the bartender for a drink, the bartender says, “if you tell me a joke, I’ll give a drink. So the guy says  So a guy walks into a bar He asks the bartender for a drink, the bartender says, “if you tell me a joke, I’ll give a drink. So the guy says  So a guy walks into a bar, he falls down and says, “OW!”  So he gives him a drink So he gives him a drink So he gives him a drink So he gives him a drink So he gives him a drink
A huge muscular man with a tiny head walks into a bar A huge muscular man with a tiny head walks into a bar, and everyone stares at him becuase there impressed by his muscular physique, but there also shocked with his tiny head in contrast to his huge body. So the man walks up to order a drink and the bartender says" im not gay or anything, but I'm impressed by your physique it's amazing, but why do you have such a little head".   The man replies by saying " well it's a bit of a story, but one day I was walking in the woods until I encountered a talking frog, and the frog said " if you kiss me I will turn into a genie and grant you 3 wishes".   Then suddenly that frog turned into a beautiful naked women who then said" you now have 3 wishes, what do you wish for", I then said " I wish I had Arnold Schwarzeneggers body". Then my clothes rip from the huge body transformation, and I Had Arnold Schwarzenegger physique. The lady then said " what is your second wish", I said " I wish to have sex with you".   We start engaging in sex, and in the middle of enjoyment the beautiful women whispers to me" you have one more wish" I then said " how a about a little head"?
An American walks into a flea market in Albania... ...and see's the finest goat they've ever seen.  They're not even hungry, but they ask the stall how much, anyway.  The stall replies, "Miss Veseli is not for sale".
An ice walks into a bar. It sits on the counter and says:   Ice: "A glass of whiskey please"  Bartender: "Ice?"  Ice: "john?"
A guy walks into a bar. He goes to the bartender and says: "I want a drink that is hot on the bottom, cold in the middle and hot on the top. I also want it to be three different shades of red."   The bartender looks confused, but he accepted the order and asked: " Excuse me, but are you a firefighter?"   The customer was surprised and replied: " Yes! But how did you know?"  So the bartender says : " From your uniform."
A bear walks into a restaurant... A bear walks into a restaurant and says 'I want a grilled.......... cheese.        The waiter says 'What's with the pause?'  The bear replies 'Whaddya mean, IM A BEAR.'
A roman walks into a bar Holds up two fingers and say  "Five beers,please".
A blind man walks into a bar ...and now the construction crew is in trouble for leaving their scaffolding stacked in the middle of the sidewalk. 
A priest, a paedophile and a rapist walk into a bar And that was just the first guy
A guy walks into a bar. Guy: "Hey, barkeeper, give me a beer."    Barkeeper: "Tell you what, if you can make that horse out there laugh, I will give you a free beer and $500."    So the guy walks outside and whispers to the horse. The horse laughs. The guy walks back in.    Guy: "Where's my $500 and free beer?"    Barkeeper: "Alright, double or nothing says you can't make that horse cry."    The guy walks outside again. The barkeep chuckles to himself as he's cleaning a glass and misses what the guy does, but he hears the horse crying. The guy comes back in.    Guy: "Alright, where's my $1000 and two free beers?"    Barkeeper: "What did you say to make the horse laugh?"    Guy : "I told him I have a bigger penis than him."    Barkeeper: "What did you do to make him cry?"    Guy: "I showed him."
Wesley Snipes and O.J. walk into a bar. Wesley Snipes and OJ walk into a bar, and the bartender yells out "Damnit Wesley I told you there are no outside drinks in the bar."
An Irishman walks into a bar... ...and says to the bartender, "Give me three pints of Guinness, lad". The bartender obliges, and the Irishman lifts two of the three glasses to the air, as if toasting some invisible person. He then set them down, and finished all three glasses by sipping from one, then the next, and the next until it was empty. Bartender, naturally curious, asks what's up. "Oh, me two brothers all live about. Since we can't meet and have a pint together, we do it from afar like this." This continues for a few more months, until finally, one day, the Irishman only orders two pints of Guinness. Bartender notices this and says solemnly, "Only two today? I'm sorry. Did one of your brothers pass away?" "No, no, nothing of the sort. I've quit drinking!"
A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers "5 beers please," he asks. The bartender replies: "I will not serve you because it is rude to flip someone off while asking them for something."
A dwarf walks into a brothel with a honeycomb and a donkey. The brothel keeper asks how she can help him. He says, "I need a woman, because mine has left me."   The keeper says "Why? And what are the honeycomb and donkey for?"  The dwarf says, "My wife found a genie in a bottle, and he granted her three wishes. The first, she asked for a house fit for a queen, so he gave her this honeycomb, the second she asked for the nicest ass in all the land, so he gave her this lovely donkey..."   The keeper asked, "What was the third wish?" "She asked the genie for my cock to hang down past my knees."  "That's not so bad."  "Not so bad?" Spluttered the dwarf, "I used to be six foot three!"
A bar walks into a person... wait guys i messed up
An American, An Englishman, and A Bavarian walk into a bar The American orders a bud, the Englishman a pint of ale.  The Bavarian orders a coke and says to the others:  "If you won't drink beer, I won't either."
A leprechaun, a troll, and a hag all walk into a bar.... “Benny!” said the bartender to the leprechaun, “I warned you three not to come back here after the last time. Took me weeks to clean up after all the mischief you caused.” “Oh but it’s Floss’s birthday,” said Benny pointing to the hag. (She smiled and showed off her one good tooth.) “Give us a quick pint and let Troll and me sing to her. Then we’ll be on our way. Cross me heart an’ hope ta die.” The bartender was a soft-hearted (and rather soft-headed) man, and so he did as Benny asked. No sooner had they finished their drinks when a fight broke out over who should be allowed to give Floss a birthday kiss. The troll and the leprechaun started wrestling and broke a remarkable amount of glassware. The bartender tried every spell he knew to stop them, but nothing worked. (Truth to tell, he was not a very good wizard.) Meanwhile Floss the Hag stood by, grinning and looking quite pleased with the celebration in her honor. After a lengthy brawl, the troll had the advantage. He towered over the quaking leprechaun, ready to smash an enormous beer barrel over the poor fellow’s head. “Oh for pity’s sake,” said Floss who was also an accomplished witch. “Alohomora!” With a wave her wand, Floss opened the sealed barrel, dumping a lovely, golden brew over the troll, and quite possibly saving the leprechaun’s life. “Floss!” cried the leprechaun. “Let me thank ye with a wee kiss.” But the hag shook her tangled tresses of hair and refused him. “Yeh see! I’m the one she likes!” shouted Troll. He somersaulted to his lady love and tried to gather her in his great arms. But in a blink of a Cyclops’ eye, the hag disapparated and her companions fled. Once again, the bartender was left with a dreadful mess to clean up. His wife, who had witnessed the whole affair, heaved a sighed and began to mop up the ale. “Well, my dear,” she said. “At least we’ve learned two important lessons.” “What’s that?” said her grumpy husband. (He was in no mood for philosophical musing.) “Obviously,” the wise and alarmingly cheerful woman continued, “A Benny saved is a Benny spurned. And a rolling troll gathers no Floss.”
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants. The bartender asks, "Hey, buddy, doesn't that bother you?"  The pirate says, "Yar, it's drivin' me nuts."
A man with two black eyes walks into a bar The bartender asks him "How'd you end up with two black eyes?"   The man replies "Well, I was in church and when everyone stood up to pray I noticed the lady in front of me had a massive wedgie. It looked really uncomfortable so I tried doing her a favor and reached over and picked it out for her, but she turned around and backhanded me right in the face giving me a black eye."    "Wow that's a hell of a story" said the bartender. "How about the other one?"   "Well..." the guy said. "I thought I did something wrong so I tucked it back in". 
A German walks into a bar and asks for a martini. The bartender asks, “Dry?”  The German replies, “Nein, just one.”
A man walks into a bar... He walks up to the bar, sits down and orders a drink. A few minutes pass and a leprechaun runs into the bar, jumps on to a stool, then up on the bar, does a little jig, then spits in the man's beer and takes off out the door. The man, now visibly irritated, grumbles "if I catch that leprechaun I'm gonna rip off his dick." He finishes his drink and leaves.   Next day, same thing: Man comes in, sits down, orders a beer, leprechaun comes in, jumps on to the bar and spits in the man's beer. This time the man catches the leprechaun and tells him "if you spit in my beer again, I'll rip off your dick." The leprechaun, unphased by the man's threat, laughs and runs out of the bar again. The man, angry once again, finishes his drink and leaves.   Now this goes on for a while, the man always getting angrier and always one step closer to actually ripping that leprechaun's dick off. Eventually he gets fed up, and he swears to God he's doing it tomorrow.   So, the next day, same thing: Man comes in, sits down, orders a beer, leprechaun comes in, jumps on to the bar and spits in the man's beer. The man catches the leprechaun again, and with rage in his eyes he yells at the leprechaun "that's it, I'm ripping off your dick! I'm tired of this and you need to learn a lesson about not spitting in another man's drink!" The leprechaun roars with laughter in the man's face. The man, now confused asks the leprechaun what he finds so funny. The leprechaun says to the man "I ain't got a dick!" Now the man is really confused, so he asks the leprechaun "well, how do you piss?" The leprechaun roars with laughter once again and says "I'll tell you if you let me go." So the man obliges and let's the leprechaun go "Now tell me" he says, "how do you piss if you don't have a dick?" The leprechaun looks him dead in the eye and says "I spit!" He jumps down and takes off out the door. The man looks at his unfinished beer, fresh spit sitting at the top, he jumps down from his seat, runs out the door, and never comes back again.
A bun walks into a bar Moments before she'd been whistling while she went along the sidewalk when, struck with a sudden liquid lurch of last nights leftovers, a quick crease in her casing bade her barrel blindly through the nearest door, which unfortunately cost her, being the local sausage bar.  All the meats within turned toward the doorway and before they got a hold of their shock the bartender, a hot dog, stopped and asked her 'What do you want?', as that was not at all the sort of spot she ought to have entered but whatever stood between clean jeans and spilling the beans was what she needed so she squeezed and pleaded:  'Mus... tard!'
A man walks into a bar... ...wearing a hospital gown and attached to an IV drip. He asks the barman to give him a double Vodka on the rocks. Barman passes him one and he necks it back. He asks the barman for another double Vodka on the rocks. Barman passes him another and he necks it back.  'I really shouldn't be drinking this with what I have,' the man says. 'What do you have?' the barman says.  '50 cents,' the man says.
An Irishman walks into a bar... An Irishman walks into a Texas bar and orders only two shots of whiskey instead of his usual three shots. He was a regular at that bar and ritually drank three shots in the name of this two older brothers in Ireland. Since he ordered only two this day, the bartender was curious if everyone's okay back home. To which the Irishman laughs and assures his brothers are fine but it's him that gave up drinking.
A giraffe walks into a grocery store asking for a spinach flavored ice cream The seller answers: no we don't have   The giraffe leave and comes back the next day, receiving the same answer   Till one day, bothered with the continuous demand, the owner gets a spinach flavored ice cream and sits patiently waiting the giraffe.   Little to his surprise, the giraffe walks in asking the same thing.   YES WE HAVE!!! Replies the owner   To which the giraffe replies: ew wtf seriously?
Giraffe walks into a bar, has a drink, then lies down on the floor to sleep Guy walks in and says - "what's that lyin' there?" Bartender says "that's not a lion, it's a giraffe"
Times New Roman, Aerial, and Calibri walk into a bar. The barman chases them out, yelling: "GET OUTTA HERE! WE DON'T SERVE YOUR TYPE!"
A man walks into a bar and sees a gorgeous woman, he walks up behind her and says: "Hi there, good lookin'. How's it goin'?" Having already downed a few power drinks, she turns around, faces him, looks him straight in the eye and says: "Listen up, buddy. I screw anybody, anytime, anywhere, your place, my place, in the car, front door, back door, on the ground, standing up, sitting down, naked or with clothes on, dirty, clean... It just doesn't matter to me. I've been doing it ever since I got out of college and I just love it." Eyes wide with interest, he responds: "Really? I'm a lawyer too. What firm are you with?"
Man with a dog walks into a pub and approaches the landlord...... Man: Hi Sir, would you like to buy a talking dog?  Landlord: What? There’s no such thing as a talking dog. Are you crazy??  Dog interjects in a very posh English sounding voice.....  Dog: Well actually I am infact a talking dog, not only am I a talking dog. I’m the first dog to lead an expedition up to the very top of Mount Everest, last month I played the Ronda alla Turca in a private sessions to her majesty the queen at Windsor Castle and this morning I discovered a cure for all cancers known to man.  Landlord: *turning to the man in amazement* This is unbelievable, I mean you have a talking dog, why on earth would you ever sell a talking dog???  Man: Because I just can handle his fucking lies anymore!!
Two ducks walk into a bar... How ironic.
A skeleton walks into a bar... And orders a beer and a mop.
A CPU predicts you will walk into a bar You do not. Your wallet has been stolen.
So a panda walks into a bar... He sits down and orders: I'd like one whiskey.......and a coke please  The bartender brings him his drinks and asks:" Here you go, but why the big pause?"  The panda looks down to his hands and says:" I was born with them"
A sandwich walks into a bar Bartender says "we don't serve sandwiches."  Sandwich says "that's ok I just wanted a drink"
So a penguin and a farmer walk into a bar and the penguin says “He’s not an eggplant, he’s retarded!”
A homeless man walks into a fashion show. And that's how we got to know about the "Torn" jeans.
A Duck walks into a pharmacy. He tells the pharmacist “I’d like to buy a box of Chapstick.”. The pharmacist replies, “OK, how would you like to pay for this?” The duck says “Put it on my bill.”.
A proctologist walks into a bar... Before he sits down to order a drink, he examines the stool.
A guy walks into a bar... A guy walks into a bar and orders a triple scotch. The bartender pours him the drink and the guy downs it in one gulp. "Wow", says the bartender, "Something bad must have happened". Yeah it did, he said. "I came home early today, went up to the bedroom, and found my wife having sex with my best friend." The bartender pours the guy another triple shot. "This one's on the house". The dude gulps it down once again. The bartender asks "Did you say anything to your wife ? " The guy answers "Yea, I walked up to her, told her to pack her bag's and get out !" "What about your friend ?" asks the bartender. "I looked him straight in the eye and said BAD DOG"
Two whales walk into a bar The first whale goes "oooOOOOOoooo...aaaaaaaaa......\*BLURB\* \*BLURB\* \*BLURB\* aaaaaaEEEEEooooOOOOOO ooooeeeEEE \*whomp\* \*whomp\*\*whomp\* acacacacacacacacacacac oooOOoooeeeeeeEEEEEE AAAAAAaaaaaaOoooOOOOOOOO"  The second whale looks at him and goes "I don't get it."
A man walks into a bikers pub and asks in a high pitch voice, is the owner of the rottweiler who was barking outside here?   A 250lb biker stands up and with a low manly voice says, yes, why do you ask?    The guy with high pitch voice replies, my Chihuahua just killed your dog!   The biker runs out with disbelief and find his dog dead on the floor. He runs in and asks the guy what happened?  The high pitch voice guy replies that the rottweiler suffocated while trying to swallow his Chihuahua.
A Giraffe Walks Into A Bar Sits down, orders a drink.   Bartender says, 'Why the long face?'   Giraffe says, 'My alcoholism is tearing my family apart'
Arial and Helvetica walk into a bar. "Sorry," says the bartender, "we don't serve your type here."
A blind guy walks into a bar... ...and a table...and a chair...
A Roman legionnaire walks into a bar holds up two fingers and says "Five beers please"
A Man Walks Into a Bar Shouting A man walks into a bar shouting, “I’m a wigwam, I’m a tee-pee, I’m a wigwam, I’m a tee-pee!!” Bartender says, “Relax; you’re two tents.”
A man walks into a bar and on every wall is a bulls head, so he walks up the asks the barman "What's with all the bulls heads?".. "Ahh in my younger years I was a great bullfighter and these are my trophies" he replies Then the man notices an enormous bulls head "Wow that's huge" he says "Ah, el diabolo that one killed my brother" says the barman "Was he a great bullfighter too?" the man asks.. "No he was sat in the corner and it fell on him"....
A deaf man walks into a restaurant. He asks a server if he can use his credit card in the jukebox. She replies “You can’t hear”
Little Johnny walks into a whore house He walks up to the guy at the counter, and before he can say anything, puts wad of bills on the counter.   "I wanna fuck the girl with the most STDs you have."   The man looks at the cash, then directs him to a room in the back. The kid goes into the door, and after 15 minutes, walks back out.   Before he can leave, the man at the counter stops him "Why would you want that? You basically just screwed your whole life up."  Johnny looks at him and says "My parents are going out tonight. When their gone, I'm gonna fuck the babysitter. Then my dad will take her home and fuck her at her house. When he gets back, he and my mom will fuck, and when he leaves for work in morning, My mom 's gonna fuck the neighbor."   The man looks at him worriedly "What on earth does that have to do with this?"   Johnny screams "The neighbors the motherfucker who ran over my dog!
An alligator and crocodile both walk into a bar. Sitting next to each other, they both order the same drink. The alligator spits out his drink claiming it to be disgusting. The crocodile looks at him claiming it isn't that bad. The alligator looks at the crocodile and simply says one thing: "Well that's a croc."
A bear walks into a bar Then everyone inside ran away.
Two guys walk into a bar... ...the third one ducks.
A rope walks into a bar Theres a sign up that reads “No Ropes Allowed”. The bartender sees him and says, “Hey you gotta get out, your kind isn’t welcome here”. The rope goes home, ties a knot at the top and takes a pair of scissors and cuts up whats sticking out to look like hair. He goes back to the bar where the bartender asks, “Aren’t you that rope from earlier?” He replies, “I’m a frayed knot”.
A proton walks into a bar, goes up to the bartender, and says, “I’d like a beer.” The bartender says, “are you sure?”  The proton answers, “yes, I am positive.”
Dude walks into a bar... ...takes a sit at the bar stool and orders a drink. He takes a sip and starts talking to the bartender:  "Did you hear about Trump saying shit-hole..."  "Oy, buddy, no political discussions here. We don't want no fights!"  "Ok, did you hear about that scandal with the priest that..."  "Buddy... No religious discussions here either. We don't want no fights!"  "Ok", he says hesitantly. "Can you believe that incompetent footballer that missed that final shot and cost us the game? (Note: I don't give a f- about sports)  "Buddy, please don't talk about sports here either. We don't want no fights!"  "Hm, let me ask you something. Are discussions of sexual nature allowed here?"  "Yup, you can talk about anything sexual here."  "Then go fuck yourself!"  He then stood up and left.
A pony walks into a bar And walks up to order a drink.  The bartender asks “what can I get you this fine evening?”  The pony orders.  The bartender quickly asks “could you say that again? I couldn’t hear you.”  Still, after a few times of back and forth between the pony and the bartender he could not understand him. Finally, a man sitting at the bar says to the bartender:  “Can’t you see he’s a little horse?”
Two geese walk into a bar... Maybe one of them should've ducked.
Two guys walk into a bar The third guy ducks.
A guy walks into a pharmacy... A guy walks into a pharmacy and says to the pharmacist, "Listen, I have three girls coming over tonight. I've never had three girls at once, and I need something to keep me horny and potent." The pharmacist reaches under the counter, unlocks the bottom drawer, and takes out a small cardboard box marked with a label, "Viagra Extra Strength," and says, "here, if you take these you'll go wild for twelve hours!" The guy responds, "Great! Gimme three boxes!" The next day, the guy walks into the same pharmacy, approaches the pharmacist, and pulls down his pants. The pharmacist looks in horror at man's black and blue member. The man says, "I'm gonna need some Ben Gay cream." The pharmacist replies, "Ben Gay? You're not going to put Ben Gay on THAT are you?" "Nope, it's for my arms ... the girls didn't show up."
Two Germans walk into a bar and they both order a sherry.   "Dry?"   "Nein, zwei."
A man walks into a bar. The sign read “Free beer if you can pass our test!”     Curious, the man asks the bartender how he can win free beer. The bartender replies “First, you gotta down this entire bottle of pepper tequila, and you can’t make a face while doing it. Next, there’s a ‘gator out back with a sore tooth. You gotta pull it out with your bare hands. Third, there’s a woman upstairs whose never had an orgasm. You’ve gotta make things right for her.”       “That’s crazy! I’m not going to risk my life just for a free beer.” The man responds. But after a half hour and 7 or 8 drinks, the man calls the bartender.     “Wherez zat teqquilla?!”    He grips it with both hands, and gulps it down in 3 swigs without a single grimace. Then, he stumbles off his stool and makes for the backdoor. The bar quiets down and listens intently as the man exits the door, followed by the most frightening roaring and thumping, then silence. He stumbles back into the bar, clothes ripped from head to toe.    “Now” he says. “Where’s that woman with the sore tooth?”
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar... You can’t tell me that’s just a coincidence. 
3 guys walk into a bar. The fourth one ducked.
A rock walks into a bar The bartender tells him "we don't serve your kind here"  So the rock says: "Why not? I'm a gneiss guy!"
A man holding a large block of asphalt walks into a bar He says to the bartender, "A beer for me, and one for the road."
A farmer walks into a bar... Barn*
A Woman Walks Into A Cafe A woman goes to a cafe and takes a seat outside. While she's eating, she overhears a group of men at the next table.  "Look, let's go with the simple option. It's spelled W-O-O-M."  "No, I'm sure there's an R in there. W-O-O-M-R."  "I thought it was longer than that, and had a B. W-O-O-M-M-B-R-R."  Finally the woman has had enough. She walks over to the table and says, "Gentleman, the word you're looking for is W-O-M-B, womb." With that she walks off, the men staring after her.  Finally, one of the men turns back to the others. "Do you think she's right?"  "Of course not. A slip of a girl like that, I don't suppose she's ever heard an elephant fart."
3 vampires walk into the haunted bar. 1st vampire [rich] : Hey!! Bartender give me your best and freshest  blood that came from the finest maiden that had her first menstrual period. I like it shaken not stirred.  2nd vampire[middle class economy]: Excuse me bartender can I get 1 shot of blood just the ordinary one.  3rd and lastly vampire[broke as fuq]: Bartender can I beg to please give me a free hot cup of water.  The bartender was confused as to why the 3rd vampire wanted the hot water.  1st vampire asked the broke as fuq  vampire as to why did he just order hot cup of water.  3rd vampire: since I have no money I've  found some bloody used napkins in the dumpsters and I'll  be using them as tea bags to brew me some bloody hot tea.
Two people walk into a bar You'd think the second man would have seen it there
An old woman walks into a butcher shop and asked the butcher if he had a sheep's head. The butcher replied "sorry no it's just the way I part my hair".
A man walks into a bar, carrying a fish. He then walks to the bar and starts talking to the barman. The man claims that his fish can play the most amazing piano pieces, and could make everyone who listened cry. The barman didn't believe him, so the man asks for a wager. If the fish could play the piano, he would get a free drink. The barman agreed, and the man went over to the piano. He took the fish out, which promptly played the most amazing music. Everyone in the bar went silent, and when the fish had finished most of them were in tears. The man went over to the barman which was amazed! He gave him his free drink, and when he had finished, the man says to the barman that he also has a frog which can sing magnificent songs. He again wagers the barman that if his frog can sing, he can have free drink. He then takes a frog out of his pocket, puts it on a stool, and the frog starts to sing. The song is marvellous, and everyone in the bar again stops and listens to the song. And again, the man walks over to the barman for his drink. But before he can reach the bar, a man approaches him offering to buy the frog for £500. The barman shouts out in horror that he could make millions from the frog, and its worth at least a thousand times that. The man ignores him and sells the frog. He walks over to the bar with his money and starts to drink his drink. The barman-in shock-asks him why he sold the frog for such little money! The man replied "The fish is a ventriloquist".
A gorilla walks into a bar... A gorilla goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini. He then walks back over to the give it to the gorilla, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a gorilla walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.   So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the gorilla notices anything."   So he walks back over to the gorilla and hands him a dollar change. The gorilla doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.   "You know," he says to the gorilla, "we don't get too many gorillas in here."   And the gorilla says, "At nineteen dollars a drink I'm not surprised."
A man walks into a bar with an ass full of chives He walks up to the bar and asks for a drink.  A while passes and the bartender, seeing that the man is still standing, asks the man if he’d like to take a seat.  The man replies “I’m afraid you wouldn’t want me to, my ass is a little leeky”
(Long) A dude walks into a bar and sees a large jar of money... He orders his drink and asked the bartender why there was a massive pickle jar full of $10 bills? The bartender points out the window “you see that horse in the stable? Put your money in the jar and if you can make him laugh, you get all the money.” The guy thought about it for a moment and says “yeah...easy enough.” He puts his money in the jar, slams his drink, walks out to the horse and whispers something in its ear. The horse loses his shit and laughed harder than it ever had in its life. The man proceeds back to the bar, grabs the jar and leaves.  A month or so later the man returns to the bar and sees another large jar, this time full of $20s. He orders a drink and asks “okay...what’s with the jar this time?” The bartender hands him his drink and replies “alright, asshole. This time you have to make the horse laugh AND cry!” The guy nods his head a few times and says again “yeah....easy enough.” So he slams his drink, throws his $20 in the jar and walks out to the horse. He agains whispers something in the horses ear and, again, the horse laughs his ass off. After a brief pause the horse begins sobbing uncontrollably like he just witnessed the murder of a loved one.  The dude walks back in the bar to collect his prize and is gripped up by the now furious bartender. “Hold up, pig shit! You’re not going anywhere ‘til you tell me how the hell you did that!” The man grinned and said “well, first I told the horse I had a bigger dick than him....then I proved it.”
A snail walks into a bar A snail walks into a bar, the barman says 'We don't serve snails here'  The snail says 'Come on mate I just want a pint'  So the barman says 'I told you we don't serve snails here f*ck off!' And he kicks the snail out of the bar and onto the other side of the road.  Next month the snail comes back into the bar and says,  'What was that for?'
A skeleton walks into a bar He says to the bartender, "Hey give me a drink... And a mop."
A mother walks into her son's room Upon opening the door she sees her son eating some of his toys. Freaking out she scoops him up and rushes to the emergency room and demands them run all sorts of tests on him. Finally after receiving dozens of tests they finally get to sit down with a doctor.  "Is my son going to be okay?" The mother asked  The doctor placed a X-ray on the table and pointed to several lumps in the boys stomach.  "As you can see here your son has swallowed several toy horses."  "Is he going to be okay?"  The doctor is silent for a moment then nods.  "Yes your son's condition is stable."
A horse walks into a bar, the bartender says 'why the long face?' The horse can't talk, firstly, so it can't respond. It shits in the bar and then walks out.
Two guys walk into a bar, smiling and laughing. They walk up to the bartender and loudly announce that they’re ordering a round of drinks for everyone there.   “What’s the occasion?” asks the bartender.   “We just finished this huge puzzle. We’re geniuses!” the men reply.   “What makes you say that?” the bartender replies.   “Well, the box said 4-6 years, but it only took us two!”
A Japanese man, two Italians, an elf, and a woman in armor walk into an Ice cream parlor. The vendor looks at the Japanese man and says, “are those cosplayers?”  He responds with “no, these are my children.” One of the Italians said “We helped him-a program an upcoming-a game so that only one person can-a turn into a peach when they touch-a the crown.”   “Everyone else will receive ten units of their respective currency.” The armored woman said.  The elf silently took two blue rupees from his messenger bag. 
A musical chord walks into A bar The bartender immediately says, "You can't be in here, you're a minor"
A reductionist walks into a bar... Crowd-pleasing punchline
A nun, a priest, and a rabbi walk into a bar... The bartender looks up and says "What is this, some kind of fucking joke?"
An Englishman, a Scottish man and an Irish man walk into a bar. They all had to leave because the English man voted to. 
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first mathematician orders a beer  The second orders half a beer  "I don't serve half-beers" the bartender replies  "Excuse me?" Asks mathematician #2  "What kind of bar serves half-beers?" The bartender remarks. "That's ridiculous."  "Oh c'mon" says mathematician #1 "do you know how hard it is to collect an infinite number of us? Just play along"  "There are very strict laws on how I can serve drinks. I couldn't serve you half a beer even if I wanted to."  "But that's not a problem" mathematician #3 chimes in "at the end of the joke you serve us a whole number of beers. You see, when you take the sum of a continuously halving function-"  "I know how limits work" interjects the bartender  "Oh, alright then. I didn't want to assume a bartender would be familiar with such advanced mathematics"  "Are you kidding me?" The bartender replies, "you learn limits in like, 9th grade! What kind of mathematician thinks limits are advanced mathematics?"  "HE'S ON TO US" mathematician #1 screeches  Simultaneously, every mathematician opens their mouth and out pours a cloud of multicolored mosquitoes. Each mathematician is bellowing insects of a different shade.  The mosquitoes form into a singular, polychromatic swarm. "FOOLS" it booms in unison, "I WILL INFECT EVERY BEING ON THIS PATHETIC PLANET WITH MALARIA"  The bartender stands fearless against the technicolor hoard. "But wait" he inturrupts, thinking fast, "if you do that, politicians will use the catastrophe as an excuse to implement free healthcare. Think of how much that will hurt the taxpayers!"  The mosquitoes fall silent for a brief moment. "My God, you're right. We didn't think about the economy! Very well, we will not attack this dimension. FOR THE TAXPAYERS!" and with that, they vanish.  A nearby barfly stumbles over to the bartender. "How did you know that that would work?"  "It's simple really" the bartender says. "I saw that the vectors formed a gradient, and therefore must be conservative."  
A guy walks into a bar carrying a plum and orders a beer.  "Why do you have a plum?" the bartender asks. "I couldn't find a date," the guy replies. 
A duck walks into a bar... The bartender says "I've heard this one before: Ouch"
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel attached to his balls... and the bartender says “What’s up with the wheel?” The pirate then replies, “Argh! It’s drivin’ me nuts!”
A tall man walks into a bar... “Ouch!”
Three vampires walk into a bar. The first one says, "I'll have a pint of blood."  The second one says, "I'll have one, too."  The third one says, "I'll have a pint of plasma."  The bartender says, "So, that'll be two Bloods and a Blood Lite?"
So a naked woman walks into a bar and asks for a beer... The bartender stares at her body from head to toe then serves her a beer. She drinks it and asks for another beer. The bartender stares at her for longer and serves her a second beer. The woman again drinks it and asks for a third beer.  Then the bartender starts to look at her with an amused expression, until the woman says:  -- What, have you never seen a naked woman before?  -- That I have, miss. I'm wondering where you're keeping the money to pay for the beers.
A guy walks into a bar owned by Eminem He says "give me 2 shots of-"  The bartender cuts him off and says "you only get one shot"
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "What's a horse doing in my bar?!"  "Can you just drop it today Steve?"  "Why the long face?"   "Sarah is leaving me"  "Ouch ---- What'll you'll have?"  "Hay"  
A guy walks into the bar of a restaurant ..... and goes to the bartender and asks "how much for a beer?"   The bartender replies "$1".   The customer completely amazed, orders a beer then asks the bartender "Well then how much for a NY sirloin, with side of mashed potatoes and salad, and an entire cheesecake for desert?"   The Bartender reply's "$5".   The guy still amazed then orders everything and after he is done eating his meal then says "Wow, this place is amazing, I really wish I could meet the owner of this place".   The bartender then says "Oh well, he's upstairs in his office with my wife".   The guy looks all confused then asks "What is he doing upstairs in his office with your wife?"   The bartender then says "The same thing I'm doing to his business".
A cocky young fellow walks into a quiet neighborhood pub on a rainy night... and takes a seat next to an old man at the bar, who's by himself.  "How's the field in here, grandpa?" he says, half joking.    "Sonnn, yerr waaastin' yerr time if ya think yyerrr goin' home with one'a these gooooody two-shoes!" the old man replies.  He's getting drunk by the looks of it.    "Listen, gramps, I'll show you a line you can use forever, but it can go either way.  You gotta deliver it just so.  Watch closely."  The old man smiles resentfully at the dude, who smiles back, scans the tables away from the bar, then walks over to one where a woman is sitting by herself and takes a seat across from her.    "Hi there!  Tickle your ass with a feather?" he says quietly.  "Excuse me?!"   "Oh, typical nasty weather out there.  Good night to be at a bar..." and the conversation goes nowhere.  A few minutes later, he returns to his seat at the bar next to the old man, who says,  "I tooold you, you cocky little sheeit!"   "Old man, just watch."  The young fellow spots another woman sitting by herself, walks over, and gives it another go.    "Tickle your ass with a feather?"    Her face lights up.  "Buy me a drink?"  The old man looks on in amazement, as the two talk excitedly for a few minutes, finish their drinks, pay, and leave.    By this point, his courage is at a high for the night, and his coordination the opposite.  Spotting a golden opportunity to try this out, he stumbles over to a table with an unaccompanied woman and falls into a chair.  "Heeey! Can I uhhh..", pausing to remember how it went exactly, "ssstick a chicken in yerr ass?"  "WHAT?  NO!"  "It'sss fuckin' snowin' outside!"
A man walks into a library and asks for a book about pregnancy. The librarian tells him it's in the C-section.
Hydrogen and Carbon walk into a bar Hydrogen: Hey I was thinking about starting a business about electrons and wanted to ask if you wanted to be a partner  Carbon: Sure! I’ve got nothing to lose!   
A blind man walks into a bar... Then a stool...then a table.
A horse walks into a bar "Why the long face"    I have aids
A wig and a turd walk into a bar Barman says “sorry, I’m not serving you.” The wig asks “why?” The barman says “because you’re off your head and your mates steaming!”
A guy walks into a bar, sits down and has a drink.  Suddenly, a man hollers at him, "I screwed your mom last night!"   Disturbed, the man tries to ignore him.   Again, he hears, "Your mom was good in bed last night!"    Again, he tries to ignore it.   The man is just about to speak again but the guy stops him and says, "Dad, go home, you're drunk!"
Two dragons walk into a bar, the first one says “it’s hot in here”... the other says, “shut your mouth”.    Credit to Jimmy Carr
B.F. Skinner walks into a hotel ...and rings the reception bell. And rings the reception bell. And rings the reception bell.  A receptionist comes.
Ghost walks into a bar... Bartender asks, "What'll you have?"  Ghost says, "Im here for the Boos!"
Two women walk into a bar and talk about The Bechdel test
A guy walks into a tavern. As he walked up to the bar he noticed a twelve-inch man playing the piano, so he asked the bartender,   "What's that all about?"   The bartender told him he that would tell him later.    So the guy asked the bartender for a drink.    The bartender said, "Before you get your drink, you get to rub the magic beer bottle and make one wish."   "Okay," said the guy.    He went over to the magic beer bottle and rubbed it.    Poof.    Out came a genie.    The genie, of course, said, "You have one wish."   The guy thought about it and then wished for a million bucks.   A cloud of smoke filled the room, and then both the genie and the guy disappeared.    In a few minutes, the guy reappeared back in the bar with a million ducks all around him.   The guy was astounded and said to the bartender, "Hey! I didn't want a million ducks."   The bartender replied, "Do you think I wanted a twelve-inch Pianist?"
A termite walks into a bar and asks... "Is the bar tender here?"
Two atoms walk into a bar One says, "Oh no! I think I lost my electron!"  The other asks, "Are you sure?"  "Yeah! I'm positive!"
A duck walks into a bar... He asks the bartender, "Hey, bartender. Got any duck food?"  The bartender responded, " No, I don't have duck food. I don't serve ducks. Get out of here."  So, the duck leaves.  The duck comes in the next night, "Hey, bartender. Got any duck food?"  The agitated bartender yells, " No! We don't serve ducks so we don't have duck food. If you ask me for duck food again I'll nail your bill to the bar!"  So, the duck leaves.  The duck comes in the next night.  "Hey, bartender. Ya got any nails?"  "NO!"  "Got any duck food?"
You only have enough time to say one word to Edgar Allan Poe who is about to walk into a tree. What do you say? Poetry 
A chicken walks into a library The librarian asks what it wants. It says ‘book, book, book’ so the librarian gives it some books and the chicken walks out.  An hour later, the chicken returns and says ‘book, book, book’ and the librarian, though confused with why the chicken returned so soon, lent it more books.  Another hour passes, and the same chicken comes with the same request; ‘book, book, book’. This time, the librarian gives it more books, but decides to follow it to see what it’s doing with them.   After following behind the chicken for a while, they begin to walk through a swamp. The librarian, suddenly apprehensive, decides maybe this wasn’t a good idea. Just before she turns around, she sees that the chicken has stopped.   As she gets a bit closer, the librarian sees a lily pad, with a small frog sat on top. The chicken passes the books to the frog, and it replies ‘reddit, reddit, reddit’
A pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar with a ship's wheel attached to his penis  The bartender points it out. The pirate responds by saying "Arr! It's driving me nuts!"
A man walks into a costume party Wearing nothing but underwear, and with a girl wrapped to his back with silver tape.  A friend of his welcomes him and asks "So... What are you dressed as?"  "I'm a turtle", answers the guy.  "And who is this on your back?"  "Oh, that's just Michelle."  (Probably a repost, I know, but the joke is just too good)
A weasel walks into the bar. The bartender says wow! In all my years bar tending I’ve never seen a weasel in a bar before. What can I get for you? Pop, goes the weasel 
A man walks into a bar, he goes up to the bartender and asks him if he likes to gamble. A man walks into a bar...  He goes up to the bartender and asks him if he likes to gamble.  The bartender says, "Sure, I'll take a bet. What's your action?"  The man offers a $50 bet that he can bite his own eyeball. The bartender, thinking it's easy money, accepts his bet, and is shocked when the man removes his glass eye and bites down on it.  Laughing, the man sees that the bartender is upset about losing his money, so he offers him a chance to win it back. "Double or nothin' says I can bite my other eye."  The bartender thinks it over. He knows he was just tricked out of $50 but he also knows that this man can't possibly have two glass eyes, so he pulls another $50 from the register and accepts the man's bet.  The man promptly takes out his false teeth and gently closes them around his other eye.  Now the bartender is visibly angry to have been had for $100, and the man's laughter isn't helping. Just before he throws him out of his bar, the man puts his hand up.  "Real sorry about that, pal. I get people with that bit all the time, but you've been a good sport, so I'll give you another chance to win some cash. I've got... $500 that says if you slide a shot glass down the bar top, I can run alongside of it and piss into the glass without missing a drop. This is kinda hard for me to do, though, so I think it's fair if you give me two chances at it."  The bartender, eager to win his money back from the man, thinks to himself and realizes just how hard it would be for this man to piss into a shot glass while running at full speed. Especially knowing he only has one eye to line up his shot. After a minute of deliberation, he willingly accepts the bet.  The man drops his pants to his ankles and when the bartender puts the shot glass down on the counter, shouts a resounding, "Go!" prompting the bartender to slide it along the bar top.  The man chases after it, holding his dick at an angle to properly aim it. However, pissing while running at full speed isn't easy, so he only manages to get a couple of drops in the glass by the time it reaches the other end.  Catching his breath, the man reminds the bartender he has a second try, and that the first was simply to get his bearings straight. Once again, he shouts, "Go!" giving the bartender his cue to send the shot glass back down the bar.  Once again, the man chases wildly after it, spraying piss all over the bar top, stools, floor, and even hitting some of the bottles of liquor behind the bar. However, not one drop of urine found it's way into the shot glass.  Head hanging low, he hands the bartender $500, to which the bartender gleefully accepted, jumping up and down in joy and cheering in victory at the cash he had just made.  All of a sudden, a man in the back of the bar slams his fist hard against his table and screams "Fuck!" at the top of his lungs.  The bartender mutters aloud, "I wonder what his problem is."  To which the man replies, "Oh, I just bet that guy $10,000 that I could piss all over your bar and you'd be so happy about it you jumped up and down with joy."
2 scientists walk into a crowded pub and sit at the bar. One says, I'll have an H2O. The 2nd says I'll have an H2O too. The bartender, not being a scientist himself, doesn't realize the 2nd patron ordered hydrogen peroxide and gives him regualr water. However, the bartender is pretty pissed that there are 2 people sitting at his bar, taking up seats that could be used for paying customers. He also knows the state of salries for scientists, and it's paultry, so they are most likey going to cheap out on the tip. And they do, 20% of $0, is still 0. 
Satan walks into a church... He chats with the priest and after an hour of conversation, he asks for some red wine.  The priest, Mark, grabs a glass and pours his drink. Satan quickly gulped his drink, then immediately spit it out and yelled, "Mark! I told you not to give that blood of Christ shit again!"
A proton walks into the police station. He says, "Someone stole my electron!"  The police ask, "Are you sure?"  The proton says, "I'm positive!"
A screwdriver walks into a bar.. bartender says, we have a drink named after you, to which the screwdriver responds "you have a drink named eric?"
A snake walks into a bar The bartender says, “How did you do that?”
An Englishman, a Welshman and a Scotsman walk into a bar.  The Englishman wants to go so they all have to leave. 
3 Gay Guys Walk Into A Bar 3 gay guys walk int a bar. One of them farts, which sounds like a high pitched squeak. The other two squeal “He’s a virgin!!!”
A cheerio walks into a bar and sits down He notices a pretty female cheerio at the counter, so he goes up and talks to her. He asks if he can buy her a drink, but she says that she only dates frosted cheerios. The cheerio is devastated, and he goes home. The cheerio works super hard and works and works and works, until finally, he gets enough money to get half of him frosted. He goes to the bar thinking that there is no way the female cheerio is still there, but when he gets there she is. He goes up to her and asks if now she will go out with him, but sadly, the female cheerio replies with, ‘sorry I only date fully frosted cheerios. The cheerio is devastated, and he goes home. The cheerio works super hard and works and works and works, until finally, he gets enough money to get the rest of him frosted. When he gets to the bar the second time, he asks the female cheerio if now he could buy her a drink. She says yes and asks if they have any milk, so the cheerio goes up to the line for milk and waits and waits until he gets to the front, but when he asks for 2 milk, the bartender said that they just ran out. He goes back to the female cheerio and asks if there is anything else she would like. She asks about orange juice. The cheerio gets up and find the line for orange juice and waits for it. He finally gets to the front of the line, when he asks for 2 orange juices, the bartender says that he just sold his last one. The cheerio went back and asks if there was anything else he could buy her. Says says some punch will do. The cheerio gets up and looks for the line for punch, after a while he could not find it and went back to the female cheerio and said, “sorry, there’s no punch line”
Native American walks into a hotel. Receptionist: “You have a reservation?”  Native American: “Fuck you man.”  Native American walks out.
A string walks into a bar A string walks into a bar, approaches the bartender and says, “Excuse me sir, I’d like a beer.”  The bartender says gruffly, “We don’t serve strings here,” and kicks the string out.  The string goes home and thinks, “What I need is a disguise.” So he twists himself around and around, tears himself at the edges, and thinks “This will do!”  The string goes back to the bar, approaches the bartender and says, “Excuse me sir, I’d like a beer.”   The bartender narrows his eyes and says “Hey...aren’t you that same string that was in here earlier?”  The string says “No, I’m a frayed knot!”
A guy walks into a doctor's. Doctor: "Why did you come here?" Guy: "I have premature ejaculation."
a mermaid walks into a bar... holy crap, a walking mermaid!  how is that possible?   mermaids just have fins!
An atheist, a vegan, and a cross fitter walk into a bar. I know because they told everyone within two minutes. 
A man and his two lovers walk into a bar. The man ducks.... One of the ladies looks at him, confused. "Why are you ducking?"  "Yeah, this isn't one of those bar-jokes, is it?" The other woman asks.  The man, still ducking, says, "No, but I think I just spotted my wife."
An Englishman walks into a pub with an ostrich and a talking cat... He goes to the barkeep and orders a beer. The bartender says "That'll be £1.50" The man looks over to the cat, who scoffs and says, "I ain't paying for that shit!" The man sighs, reaches into his pocket and pulls out exactly £1.50 and hands it to the bartender.  The bartender finds this odd, but accepts the money and moves on.  The man then orders a shot of whiskey.  The bartender tells the man that it'll cost £2.39.  The cat once again exclaims, "I ain't paying for that shit!" The man pulls exact change out of his pocket and pays for the shot.  Confused, the bartender decides to ask the man, "How do you keep giving me exact change? And what's with the cat and the ostrich?"  The man replies, "I was once given two wishes by a magical genie. My first wish was to always have exact change in my pocket for whatever I was about to buy, and my second wish was for a bird with long legs and a tight pussy."
A blind man walks into a bar... ... And a table, and a chair.
A photon walks into a hotel The concierge says, "need any help with your luggage?"   "Nah" says the photon. "I'm traveling light"
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar, and upon sitting down is promptly told, "This bar is incredible! The bartender serves apples of any flavour, any one that you can think of!"  "That's incredible you can't expect me to believe that."  The bartender looks up and says, "It's true mate. Any flavour."  "Okay do you have coke and rum?" The baretnder serves him an apple. "No way... this tastes like coke!"   "Turn it around" says the bartender.  "It tastes like rum!" exclaimed the man. A second man takes a seat next to the other two, hearing the commotion.  "Hey mate, you have to try this! The bartender can serve you any flavour apple you can think of!" says the first man.  "You can't expect me to believe that!" he replies.   "Any flavour." the bartender says.  "Okay get me a gin and tonic." he is handed an apple and upon taking a bite his face lights up. "It tastes like gin!"  "Turn it around" says the bartender.   "It tastes like tonic! I don't believe it!" he exclaims. A third man walks over, hearing the commotion.   "What's the fuss about?" he asks. All three, who are already seated, pipe up about the apples. "Any flavour eh? Well... I doubt it. Get me one that tastes like pussy!" The bartender, as in previous cases, hands the man an apple. The man revolts, and nearly throws up. "This tastes like shit!" he shouts.  The bartender replies "Turn it around."
A demon worshipper, a public enemy, and an utter disgrace walks into a bar. "I'll have a pepsi."
A pair of obviously wasted jumper cables walks into a bar and says to the bartender "gimmie a drink buddy." The bartender looks him up and down and says, "alright, I will give you one drink. But you better not start something!"
A guy walks into a bar... He sees a sign that says “Free Drinks: Must Complete Challenge.” So he asks the bartender, “what’s the challenge?” Bartender says “You have two options. You can kiss my sister, or you can get punched in the face by a professional boxer.” The guy looks around and sees a long line wrapping around the room; “looks like everyone picked the same challenge.”  Barkeep hangs his head and says “yeah, that’s the punch line.”
Two blondes walk into a bar.... Seems like one of them would have seen it. 
Two Nazis walk into a bar They're dead now 
A gorilla walks into a bar A gorilla goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini. He then walks back over to the give it to the gorilla, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a gorilla walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.  So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the gorilla notices anything."  So he walks back over to the gorilla and hands him a dollar change. The gorilla doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.  "You know," he says to the gorilla, "we don't get too many gorillas in here."  And the gorilla says, "At nineteen dollars a drink I'm not surprised."
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender goes “Wow I’ve never served a weasel before, what can I get you?” “Pop,” goes the weasel
A conservatives and a liberals walk into a bar Atleast that's what they tell everybody 10 seconds after they entered the bar
A priest walks into a hotel The priest ask for a room and says "please sir, since I'm a priest, can you make sure the porn on the TV is disabled?".  The hotel clerk goes to the manager and after a few minutes the manager comes raging to the priest:  "hey priest you sick fuck, you won't have disabled porn, your TV will have normal porn"   
A guy walks into the dentist, Dentist asks “when was the last time you flossed?”  The guy responds “you should remember doc, you were there!”
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey, orders a drink and while he’s drinking it, the monkey jumps around all over, grabs some olives off the bar, eats them, grabs some sliced limes, eats them, jumps up on the pool table, grabs a cue ball, sticks it in his mouth and swallows it whole.  The bartender screams at the guy, “Did you see what your monkey just did?”  The guy says, “No, what?”  “He just ate the cue ball off my pool table, whole!” says the bartender.  “Yeah, that doesn’t surprise me.” replied the patron. “He eats everything in sight. I’ll pay for the cue ball and stuff.”  He finishes his drink, pays his bill, and leaves.  Two weeks later he’s in the bar again and he has his monkey with him.  He orders a drink and the monkey starts running around the bar again.  While the man is drinking his drink, the monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar.  He grabs it, sticks it up his butt, pulls it out, and eats it.  The bartender is disgusted.  “Did you see what your monkey did now?”, he asks.  “Now what?”, responds the patron.  “Well, he stuck a maraschino cherry up his butt, then pulled it out and ate it!” says the barkeeper.  “Yeah, that doesn’t surprise me.” replied the patron. “He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he ate that cue ball he measures everything first!”
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar and gets talking to the bartender. The bar tender tells him that a genie had stopped in town and was in the other room granting wishes to those who asked him, but to be careful what he wished for.  The man rushed into the other room where there was a man playing the piano who couldn’t have been more than a foot tall and, like the bartender had said, where the genie was sitting. He thought of what he wanted and said to genie: “Genie, give me a million quid” The genie replied, “As you wish”, and the man rushed out to the front bar, eager to finish his drink and check his bank account. As he gets to the bar he looks out the window and sees squid falling from the sky.   “I think your genie is hard of hearing” said the man, furious and confused. “You’re telling me”, the bartender replied. “You really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?”
An atheist, a vegan, and a cross fitter walk into a bar. The bartender walks to them and ask "what is the joke about?"
An American Priest and a British Man Walk into a Bar The priest turns to the man and asks, “What do you do for a living?”      The man replies, “I’m a hooker.”      The priest fearing the worst asks, “What does that mean?”      The man replies, “Well father, I ruck big men, and play with balls.”       The priest replies, “So you’re a homosexual?”      The man laughs and says, “No I’m a rugby player”
A black man and a parrot walk into a bar After ordering a few drinks, the bartender asks,  “Hey nice pet, where’d ya get it?”  “The parrot replies Africa.”
Pavlov walks into a bar. The bartender's phone rings, and he says, "Damn, I forgot to feed the dog."  
A Priest and a Rabbi walk into a bar The bartender looks up and says “what is this some kind of joke?
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his crotch... The bartender says "hey did you know you have a steering wheel on your crotch?"  The pirate says "AARG it's dtivin' me nuts!!"
A chemist walks into a bar... He sees a group of other chemists who he works with and says to both the bartender and the chemists, "Gentlemen, tonight, all the drinks are on me!"  The chemists woo and cheer as the bartender says, "Wow, well you must have had a good day at work today then."  "Fantastic!" the chemist responds with a grin reaching from one cheek to the other, "Today, I finally found a way to make a stable molecule from a barium atom, two sodium atoms and a sulphur atom!"  The bartender takes a step back in shock, "W-wow!" he replies, "That's BaNaNaS!"
A man walks into a bar located at the lowest point on earth near the dead sea some 420m below sea level. He orders a drink and then tells an absolutely dreadful joke, but the bartender laughs heartily anyway, because the bar has been set low for this joke
A Brit walks into a bar in America... He sits down, and helps himself to the complimentary crisps on the bar, and asks the barman "what's on the menu?".  The barman replies "They Na Cho Chips!"
A pirate walks into a bar... ...and he's got a steering wheel sticking out of his crotch. So the bartender asks, "Hey man, what's with the wheel?" The pirate replies, "Arrgghh! It's driving me nuts!"
Maxine Waters walks into a bar... Maxine Waters walks into a bar “Reclaiming my time,”  Maxine Waters walks into a bar “Reclaiming my time,”  Maxine Waters walks into a bar “Reclaiming my time,”  Maxine Waters walks into a bar “Reclaiming my time,”  Maxine Waters walks into a bar “Reclaiming my time,”  Maxine Waters walks into a bar “Reclaiming my time,”  Maxine Waters walks into a bar “Reclaiming my time,”  Maxine Waters walks into a bar “Reclaiming my time,”  Maxine Waters walks into a bar “Reclaiming my time,”  Maxine Waters walks into a bar “Reclaiming my time,” Maxine Waters walks into a bar “Reclaiming my time,”  Maxine Waters walks into a bar “Reclaiming my time,”  Maxine Waters walks into a bar “Reclaiming my time,”
A Baby Seal Walks Into a Bar, Goes up to the bar and the barkeep asks, 'What would you like?'  Baby Seal says, 'Anything but a Canadian Club on the Rocks.'
A roman soldier walks into a bar A roman soldier walks into a bar and asks for a *martinus*.  “You mean *martini*?”, asks the bartender.  The roman soldier answers “If I wanted two, I would have told you!”
Two whales walk into a bar at 2 am One whale says "Oooooooooaaaaaaaaaahhhhhuuuuuuuuuunnnngooooooaaaahhhhoooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaauuuuueeahhhhhhh"  The other responds "Dude, you are fucked up. "
three men walk into a bar; only two walk out. what happened to the third? he stayed inside.
A man walks into a bar ...ouch!
A man walks into a shop and sees a very handsome dog  He asks the shop assistant, “Does your dog bite?”   “No, my dog doesn’t bite.”   The man happily tries to pet the dog, but the dog attacks him viciously. A little later he stumbles to the shop clerk, “Hey, you said your dog doesn’t bite!”   The shop clerk shrugs, “He doesn’t. But that wasn’t my dog.”
A giant pickle walks into a bar.. and everyone in the bar starts wanting to take selfies with him and buy him drinks. Once all the commotion settles, the bartender asks him why everyone was surrounding him to which the pickle replies, "Well, I'm kind of a big dill"
A man walks into a bar Everyone waits for a joke or something funny to happen. But he's just there for a drink. He's not your monkey. 
A guy walks into a bar... He sees a jar of money on the bar. He asks the man sitting next to him, "What's the jar of money for?"   The man replies, "It's for the contest".  "What's the contest?"  "I can't tell you until you put $50 in the jar to enter". The man dismisses him, losing interest. He drinks a few beers, eyeing the jar the entire time. After the third beer he decides to enter and puts $50 in the jar.  "Okay," he says, "so what's the contest?"  The other man at the bar responds, saying, "The contest has three parts. The first part is you need to drink an entire of bottle of tequila." The man nods. "The second part is that we have a pitbull in the back with a bad tooth and you need to pull it." The man looks at the jar and nods again. "The third part os that there is a 90 year old woman that lives upatairs and she has never made love. You need to make love to her."  The man agrees and says, "Okay, I'm in."   He starts by ordering and chugging an entire bottle of tequila. Tears are streaming down his cheeks but he doesn't make a face. He stammers drunkedly, "Okay, show me the dog."  They open the door to the back yard and shut it behind him. The group of men listening here all kinds of horrific noises, from barking to yelling to yelping and snarling.  The man returns, clothes torn, bloody, and with bite marks littering his body. "Okay," he says. "Now show me the lady with the bad tooth."
A guy walks into a bar... ...says to the bartender give me a Jack and Coke. The bartender comes over hands him an apple which the guy replys what the hell is this. Bartender looks at him and says bite it. So he takes a bite of the apple says O MY GOD that tastes like Jack. Bartender then tells him to turn it around. So he turns the apple around and takes another bite. Once again he says O MY GOD that tastes like Coke. so the guy has a few and starts to get alil tipsey then asks the bartender for a Jaguer Bomb once again he hands him an apple. So he takes a bite and it tastes like Jaguer he turns it around and it tastes like Red Bull. He has a few more and is now at this point pretty drunk he looks at the bartender and says to bad you dont have one that tastes like p*ssy. The bartender simply smiles and throws him another apple. The guy turns the apple around because he's read this joke before. 
A blind man walks into a bar He then walked down the street to get a drink because his head hurt.
A man walks into a bar (LONGish?) And walks straight to the counter to order a drink. Sitting down, he grabs his drink and starts up some casual talk with the bartender. After about five minutes, he pulls out a miniature piano. The bartender is understandably confused. After asking about it, the man replies, “watch this” and proceeds to pull out a miniature man who begins playing the small piano beautifully.   The bartender asks the guy where he got the toy, and the man replies it’s not a toy, and that there’s a genie down the street granting wishes. Convinced enough to at least check it out, the bartender asks the man to watch the bar while he goes and investigates.  About twenty minutes later he returns followed by a long trail of ducks. In dismay, he says:  “Dude you didn’t tell me the genie was hearing impaired, I asked for a million bucks not a million ducks!”  The man calmly responds:  “Do you really think I asked for a ten-inch pianist?”
A proton walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a glass of water The bartender asks "are you sure thats all you want?" to which the proton responds "I'm positive."
A Drill Sergeant walks into a Whore House (NSFW) A Drill Sergeant walks into a Whore House and asks for a companion for the evening and a lady joins him upstairs in a room.   She starts getting undressed and he decides to show her a trick. The Drill Sergeant says, "Wait, watch this, I wanna show you a trick."  He takes off his uniform and hangs it up then says in his most commanding voice, "Dick! ATTENCH-HUN!" and instantly, his dick is hard as a rock.     The whore claps and gets excited, asking, "Ooh! Can you do it the other way, too?"   "Dick! AT EASE!" and instantly, he's soft again. She claps and says, no way, I totally don't believe it. Do it again.  So he does it again, "Dick! ATTENCH-HUN!" and he's hard as a rock again.   She's excited at this point, clapping again. He takes a step toward her, to get down to business, and she stops him. "No, no, make it soft again, that's a neat trick!"  He looks at her a little weird, but does it:  "Dick! AT EASE!" and instantly, he's soft again.   She claps again like it's the coolest thing she's ever seen. She tells him, "Wait right here, I'll be right back." and leaves the room.   A couple of minutes later, she returns with about 9 of her scantily clad friends, some completely naked, some partially clothed in negligee's and others just in a bra and panties. She tells him, "OK, do it again, so they can all see."   "Dick! ATTENCH-HUN!" and instantly, his dick is hard as a rock again. "Ok, who wants some of this?"  The girls all giggle and the first one says, "Now show 'em the other way, too!"  "Dick! AT EASE!"   **"AT EASE!"**  #"AT EASE!"   He then turns and starts furiously jacking it like it owes him money.   The scantily clad girls ask, "OMG, what are you doing!? We can take care of that for you!"  The Drill Sergeant says, "I'm giving him a dishonorable discharge, ma'am."
A frog walks into a bank looking to get a loan. He walks up to the first teller available, Mrs Whack.     “Mrs Whack, I would like a loan”     “But you are a frog!?!”   “Yup, I just need a small loan though, I just want to buy my own lily pad.”   “Okay, well what is your name?”   “Kermit”   “You aren’t Kermit the frog!”   “Oh no, I’m just named after him, my full name is Kermit Jagger”   “Like, Mick Jagger?”   “Yup, that’s my dad … he gets around.”   Still slightly confused, Mrs Whack decides it would just be faster to press on than to dig down that rabbit hole  “Okay, well, do you have any collateral”   “Sure do, but it’s very special to me, and I only let people I’m on a first name basis with see it. May I ask your first name”   “Patty”   “Okay Patty, you seem like a nice lady, here’s my collateral”   The frog pulls out a tiny little pink elephant statue and hands it to Patty. She is still very confused, but decides to press on. She goes to the bank managers office and tells him about the frog that wants the loan. Hands him the pink elephant and asks “what is this?” … to which he replies: “It’s a nick nack, Patty Whack! Now give that Frog a loan! His Pappa was a Rolling Stone!” 
An Irish man walks into a bar And orders a water
A zombie walks into a bar. Bartender: We don’t serve zombies around here!  Zombie: That’s fine. Is the human fresh?
A Japanese man walks into a bar.. Just for the sake of it.
A man walks into his doctor’s office and says: “My nose just keeps on running,” “But that’s not even the worst part about me either, doc. My feet smell an awful lot! Surely you must have a remedy for both.”  The doctor replies: “Well I’m sorry to tell you there’s nothing I can do. It doesn’t seem like you need a medical professional, but rather a bio-mechanical engineer!”  After a confused look from the man the doctor explains: “You’ve been built upside down.”
Two mallards walk into a bar The other one ducks   *Ba dum tsss*
2 friends walk into a bar They sit at the counter and order  some drinks. A few hours pass and the friends are very drunk. One says "hey man I gotta piss". Ok I'll be sittin here man. The friend gets up and gos to the bathroom. After a few minutes the friend returns, but he's so drunk he forgot to put his pecker away. He sits next to his pal, and he notices something on his lap. The friend says " hey man there's a snake  on your pants"  "well hit it" the other replied. He reaches for a beer bottle and hits his friend hits it. His pal winced in pain and replys " ohh it it again the motherfucker just bit me!!"
So a guy walks into a bar and hears the most beautiful piano music he's ever heard. He looks around confused because there isn't anyone playing and no speakers that he can see. So he asks the bartender "Where is the beautiful music coming from?"  The bartender reaches under the bar and pulls out a shoe box with a tiny little man playing on a tiny little piano.  "Whoa where did he come from?" asks the man.  Leaning in the bartender says softly, "One of those old whiskey bottles behind me has a genie living inside, and he will grant anyone that orders a glass one wish."  Excitedly, the man orders a drink, and when the bartender opens the bottle out pops a genie.  "What is your wish?" the genie asks.  Thinking for just a second the man says, "I wish for a million bucks!"  The genie snaps his fingers and disappears. The man and bartender wait for a few seconds, not sure how to tell if the wish was granted.   Slowly at first but growing louder they hear a lot of commotion outside. So they rush outside to find a million ducks quacking and looking confused.  Angry, the man turns to the bartender and shouts, "I WISHED FOR A MILLION BUCKS NOT DUCKS!"  The bartender shrugs and says, "Yea, as if I wished for a 10-inch pianist." 
A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer.  "I put an ad on Craigslist today trying to sell my pet python," he tells the bartender. "Is it big?" the bartender asks. "It's freakin' huge!" the guy replies. "How many feet?" the bartender asks. "None you idiot," the guy replies. "It's a snake." 
A blind man walks into a restaurant. He also walked into a table, a waiter, and a trash can. It wasn't a very pretty sight.
A man walks into a library ... Man, to librarian: **"I'd like a quarter pounder with cheese, and a large coke."**  Librarian (whispering): "Sir, you are at the library."  Man (now whispering): "Oh, I'm sorry.  I'd like a quarter pounder with cheese, and a large coke."
A blind man walks into a fishmongers shop... And says "Good morning ladies!"...
A man walks into a bar with a gun and yells "WHO SLEPT WITH MY WIFE! I'M GONNA KILL 'EM!" A man calmly stands up and says, "You ain't got enough bullets, mate."
Two men walk into a bar Knock knock
A local walks into the grocery store.. ...and starts sampling the grapes by picking them, one-by-one off the stem. She then walks around the store a while and leaves like she entered, with nothing in hand.  The produce manager has seen this one too many times and decides to take it up with the owner. They ruminate for a while, trying to come up with a solution.   Eventually, the owner speaks up, "I've got it!" He pauses,..... "we'll stick the grapes in our ass, so that when that lady comes back and eats them, she'll be in a world of hurt".  Manager: "Good God man! Won't everyone get sick?!"  Owner: "Well, she might, but the package says clear as day to rinse the grapes before eating,....don't worry about it"  The next day, sure enough, the lady comes in again, samples the grapes one-by-one, when all of a sudden she spits them all over the floor in disgust and runs out of the store yelling obscenities.  The owner hears the comotion and rushes to the produce manager with a giant smile plastered across his face.  Owner: "So it worked! That's fantastic! I can't believe she didn't notice that each grape was pulled off the stem!"  Manager: "Wait?......you pulled yours off the stem first??!"
Owen Wilson Walks Into A Bar .... And says (Owen Wilson Voice) "Oww."
I man and his wife walk into a disco... And in the middle of the dance floor there is a very handsome man with a great body and expensive jewelry. Who is busting some serious moves, back flips, moon walking, running man etc.  The wife turns to her husband and says "see that man he asked me to marry him ten years ago but I said no" The husband replies "and it looks like he is still celebrating" 
A Bulldog, Doberman, and a Chihuahua Walk Into a Bar... A Bulldog, Doberman, and Chihuahua walk into a bar looking for a cool drink. A beautiful female Collie struts by and stops at their table, saying: "Whoever can say liver and cheese in a sentence can have me."   So the Doberman says, "I love liver and cheese!" The Collie replies: "That's not good enough for me."   The Bulldog grumbles, "I hate liver and cheese." The Collies says: "That's not creative enough for me."  Finally the Chihuahua says: "Liver alone... cheese mine." 
So a redditor walks into a bar The bartender says, "what'll you have?"  "It's been so long since I've had a good laugh," replies the redditor. "I'll give you $100 if you can tell me a joke I haven't heard before."  "That sounds easy enough," replies the bartender.  "I should warn you," the redditor says, "I browse /r/jokes so I've heard them all over and over and over again".  Curious, the bartender pulls out his phone and browses /r/jokes for a few minutes.  "How about this?" he asks. "A man is driving through a remote forested area at night when his car breaks down next to an old monastery..."  "Heard it," interrupts the redditor. "It's reposted every month."  The bartender apologies and starts scrolling on his phone for a few more minutes.  "Ooh, here we go, so why did the orangutan cross the road.. "  "Heard it!!" the redditor snaps. "That's reposted every week!"  The bartender is flustered but tries again, furiously browsing the subreddit. "Aha! This one is sure to impress.. What is Donald Trumps favorite nation? "  "No, no, no!!!" the redditor cries out. "That joke is reposted every day!"  "OK, OK, please give me one more try," the bartender pleads. He scrolls furiously through his phone. "Nope... nope... nope... YES!! This is a great one!"  "OK, lay it on me," the redditor asks eagerly.  "Here it is," the bartender replies. "So a redditor walks into a bar..."  "This joke is also a repost."
A German shepherd walks into a bar    and says “Hey, I’m a talking dog.  Other dogs can do tricks, but have you ever heard one talk? How about a drink for a dog who’s articulate and erudite?"     The bartender says, “Sure, the toilet’s there, first door on the right.” 
A VPN, John Cena and Flint, Michigan walk into a bar... Goverment: I can't see you
Three Chinese men walk into a bar.. But this isn't a joke because I'm not rice-ist. 
A Limbo champion walks into a bar He is immediately disqualified.
A young man walks into a bar, asks the barman to pour him three shots of whisky. The barman pours them, the youth drinks all three straight down.   “Whoa” says the barman, “are you celebrating something?”  The guy smiles at the barman, “Yeah, my first blowjob”.  “Well”, the barman says, “in that case, have another one on me”.  “Thanks”, replies the youth, “but if the first three didn’t take the taste away, another won’t”.
A man walks into a bar and asks for a rum and Coke The bartender says "sorry to disappoint, but is Pepsi okay?"  It had been a long day, so the man said "yeah, that's fine"  The bartender turned to pour the drink, then handed it to the man.  "Here you go. Pepsi and Coke" 
Two men walk into a bar ~~It is a gay bar,~~ I was going to make a gay joke, butt fuck it.
A man walks into the library... A man walks into the library and asks the librarian, “I’m looking for a book for men who have small penises.”   The librarian looks on her computer and then replies to the man, “I don’t know if it’s in yet.”   The man goes, “That’s the one!”
2 rapists walk into a bar...  One says “Ow, fuck me”   The other says “Okay”   The first one says “NO, NOT LIKE THAT”   The second one says “I love it when you say no ;)”
A man walks into his bedroom with a sheep under his arm. His wife is laying in bed. The man exclaims “This is the pig I fuck when you don’t put out” His wife says “Are you drunk? That’s not a pig that’s a sheep”   The man replies “Shut up, I was talking to the sheep”
A snake walks into a bar. The barkeeper asks, "How'd you do that?"   
A man walks into a bar and says, "Give me a beer before the problems start!"   He drinks the beer and then orders another saying, "Give me a beer before the problems start!"    The bartender looks confused. This goes on for a while, and after the fifth beer the bartender is totally confused and asks the man "When are you going to pay for these beers?"    The man answers, "Now the problems start!"  
A bear walks into a bar and says, "give me a whiskey and.... cola." "Why the big pause?" asks the bartender. The bear then answered. "I'm not sure, I was born with them."
A sandwich walks into a bar and asks for a drink The bartender says sorry, we dont serve food here
A woman walks into an ice cream parlour A woman walks into an ice cream parlour and askes for a scoop of chocolate ice cream. "Im sorry, ma'am, but we're out of chocolate ice cream" "Ok. Then I guess I'll have a pint of chocolate ice cream." "Sorry. But we dont have any more chocolate ice cream." "Alright. Then can I have a quart of chocolate ice cream?" "Ma'am. How do you spell the "van" in "vanilla?"" "V-A-N" "And how do you spell the "straw" in "strawberry?"" "S-T-R-A-W" "And how do you spell the "fuck" in "chocolate?"" "...There is no fuck in chocolate." "That's what I've been trying to tell you this entire time."
A guy walks into a bar.... Three guys were sitting in a biker bar.  A man came in, already drunk, sat down at the bar and ordered a drink.  The man looked around and saw the 3 men sitting at a corner table.  He got up, staggered to the table, leaned over, looked the biggest one in the face and said, "I went by your grandma's house and I saw her in the hallway, buck naked.  Man, she is fine!"  The biker looked at him and didn't say a word.  His buddies were confused,because he was a bad ass, and would fight at he drop of a hat. The drunk leaned on the table again and said, "I got it on with your grandma and she is good, the best I ever had!" The biker still said nothing.  His buddies were starting to get mad. The drunk leaned on the table again and said, "I'll tell you something else boy, your grandma liked it!"  The biker stood up, took the drunk by the shoulder and said, "Damn it, Grandpa, you're drunk! Go home!"
A young woman walks into a confessional A beautiful young woman walks into a confessional, "Father, forgive me, for I have sinned, I made wild passionate love to a man after he told me I was special, and beautiful and the only one in the world for him"     The priest tsks, but remembering the follies of youth, lets her off easy "100 Hail Mary's my child, and God will forgive you"     Then a middle age mother of two walks in, "Father, forgive me, for I have sinned, I made wild passionate love to a man after he told me I was special, and beautiful and the only one in the world for him"     The priest is shocked, a grown woman should know better, but we all make mistakes, so he tells her "1,000 hail Mary's my child, and I'll see you at 6 am mass for the rest of the year."      Next,  the 60 year old mother superior walks into the confessional. ""Father, forgive me, for I have sinned, I made wild passionate love to a man after..."     "Enough!" The priest yells, "A woman such as yourself, should not fall for such silver-tongued woo. 10,000 Hail Marys and I'll see you every Saturday and Sunday to clean the whole church from top to bottom.     Finally a man enters the confessional, "Father forgive me for I have sinned..."     The priest looks at him with tears in his eyes, "Oh, fuck you Dave, I thought what we had was special!"
Hugh Jackman, Keanu Reeves and Tom Hanks walk into a bar; eat, pay respectfully and leave.
A woman walks into a hardware store and asks if she could get a screw for a shelf. The employee says no, but you can blow me for one.
A gorilla walks into a bar The gorilla walks past the barkeeper and takes a seat.   The Barkeeper is confused and scared at the same time.   *"A gorilla in my bar? Well thats not happening very often..."* thinks the barkeeper and starts shaking   Then the gorilla stands up, goes to the bar and says "I would like to have a beer please!"*,* turns around and goes back to his seat.   *"Ok, what is going on here? What do I do? Stop overthinking Steve, instead act smart! Milk the moment! He won't notice anyway!"*    The barkeeper works up the courage to serve the beer and says "That'll be 20$ please!"   The gorilla takes out his purse and hands the barman a 20$ bill.   With a big smile over his face he goes back to his bar, but stops midway, turns around and says: "Let me ask you one thing please, we dont have gorillas very often in here..."    The gorilla interrupts him half sentence and says "At 20 dollars a beer, I can imagine that pretty well!"
A man walks into a bar On his way to the counter he sees a very tiny man playing the piano. Weird, he says to himself, but he doesn't think much of it.  When he gets to the counter, he sees that the  bartender is absent, so he sits down to wait. Just as he sits down, a genie appears.  "I can grant you one wish. Choose wisely.", the spirit announces.  "Hmm,", the man says for a few seconds before deciding. "I want a million bucks!", he suddenly shouts.  "Here you go", the genie replies, and suddenly, one by one, ducks start appearing around him.  "I asked for a million bucks, not ducks!"  "Forget it, that genie always mishears.", the bartender says walking out from the back.  "Do you really think I asked for a 9 inch pianist?"
A man walks into a bar and yells "hey it's me !" But in fact, it wasn't him
A racist, a rapist, and a President walk into a bar... ...in Mar-a-Lago. The bartender says, "Good Morning Donald, all by yourself today?"
John Cena, Bruce Willis, and a master assassin walk into a bar "H-h-hello?  W-w-who's there?!" asked the bartender to the front doors that just opened on their own.
A duck walks into a bar after a long day of work on abuilding sight He hops onto a barstool and asks the bartender for a club sandwich and a pint of Guinness , the bartender says "WOW! A talking duck" he is very surprised but gets him his sandwich and pint anyway   The next night the duck comes in and hops onto a barstool and asks the bartender for a club sandwich and a pint of Guinness, the bartender says "WOW! I wasn't dreaming about the talking duck, he came back again" and gets him his sandwich and pint   Once again the duck comes back again the next night and orders his club sandwich and pint of Guinness, the bartender is fairly normalised to the duck now and gets him his sandwich straight away   Over the next week the duck comes in everyday and gets his regular order of a pint of guiness and he and the bartender become good friends, one day the bartender saw an advert for a circus on his way to work. When the duck comes in and orders his club sandwich and pint of guiness the bartender tells him about how he would do great in the circus.  The duck doesn't understand and asks the bartender "what would they want with me, I'm only a brick layer"
A sad man who's just fired from his job walks into a bar looking very down. Now he's a sad man with a lump on his head.
Two people walk into a bar The third person ducks
A man walks into a library and asks “Do you have that book on small penises?” The librarian replies “I don’t think it’s in yet.”  The man says “Yeah, that’s the one!”
A tourist walks into a isolated rural bar... ... Has one look around and says "This place must be the ass hole of the world!"  To which the bartender replies "Just passing through, are we?"
A man walks into a library and asks for a book on suicide the librarian says "fuck off, that's a repost"
A depressed man walks into a lawyer’s office... “I’ve been accused of stealing!” he exclaims. “They day I stole canned ham from the back of a delivery truck. But I’m innocent!” “Alright,” the defense attorney says. “I’ll take your case. But it’ll cost you $5000.” “I’ll pay you $2500 now, and pay the rest after the trial,” the man says.  “That’s fine,” the lawyer says.  A few days pass, and it’s time for the trial. The defense attorney goes up and picks apart every one of the prosecutor’s witnesses. The first was nearsighted, and may have mistaken the man for someone else. The next witness was in the front of the delivery truck, and only saw the man’s back. The last witness was bombarded with questions from the lawyer, and was forced to switch up her story a couple of times.   The jury, after seeing the pitiful evidence the prosecutor presented, decided to declare the man “not guilty”. After the trial has ended, the attorney demands the rest of his fee from the now-innocent man.  “Sure, I’ll have your $2500,” the man says. “I just need to finish selling this ham.”
A high jumper walks into a bar and is eliminated.
A Family of 4, A Dad, A Mom, A Son and A Daughter walk into a talent agency dressed as posh people and The Talent Agent asks "What kind of act is this"  and The Father answers "The Aristocrats"
A Socialist, a Marxist, and a Postmodernist walk into a strip club. The bouncer checks their ID's and says   "sorry guys, come back when you're 21."
A sperm donator, a carpenter, and a married man walks into a bar He came, he saw, he left
A woman walks into the downtown welfare office, trailed by 15 kids... "WOW," the social worker exclaims, "Are they ALL YOURS???" "Yep they are all mine," the flustered mumma sighs, having heard that question a thousand times before. She says, "Sit down Leroy. All the children rush to find seats.  "Well," says the social worker, then you must be here to sign up. I'll need all your children's names."  "This one's my oldest - he is Leroy." "OK, and who's this one?" Well, this one he is Leroy, also." The social worker raises an eyebrow but continues. One by one, through the oldest four, all boys, all named Leroy. Then she is introduced to the eldest girl, named Leighroy!  "All right..." says the caseworker, "I'm seeing a pattern here. Are they ALL named Leroy?" Their Momma replied, "Well, yes - it makes it easier. When it is time to get them out of bed and ready for school, I just yell 'Leroy!' An' when it's time for dinner, I just yell 'Leroy!' an' they all come a runnin.' An 'if I need to stop the kid who's running into the street, I just yell 'Leroy' and all of them stop. It's the smartest idea I ever had, namin' them all Leroy."  The social worker thinks this over for a bit, then wrinkles her forehead and says tentatively, "But what if you just want ONE kid to come, and not the whole bunch?" "Ah, that's so easy," said the momma. "Then I calls them by their last names."
Three guys walk into a bar, the bar waitress asks what they want to drink Three guys walk into a bar, the bar waitress asks what they want  The first guy says, a beer  Second guy says, me too  Third guy says, me three  Minutes later the waitress brought six beers to the table 
An infinite number of mathmaticians walk into a bar. (New take on old joke) The first mathematician orders a beer  The second orders half a beer  "I don't serve half-beers" the bartender replies  "Excuse me?" Asks mathematician #2  "What kind of bar serves half-beers?" The bartender remarks. "That's ridiculous."  "Oh c'mon" says mathematician #1 "do you know how hard it is to collect an infinite number of us? Just play along"  "There are very strict laws on how I can serve drinks. I couldn't serve you half a beer even if I wanted to."  "But that's not a problem" mathematician #3 chimes in "at the end of the joke you serve us a whole number of beers. You see, when you take the sum of a continuously halving function-"  "I know how limits work" interjects the bartender  "Oh, alright then. I didn't want to assume a bartender would be familiar with such advanced mathematics"  "Are you kidding me?" The bartender replies, "you learn limits in like, 9th grade! What kind of mathematician thinks limits are advanced mathematics?"  "HE'S ON TO US" mathematician #1 screeches  Simultaneously, every mathematician opens their mouth and out pours a cloud of multicolored mosquitoes. Each mathematician is bellowing insects of a different shade.  The mosquitoes form into a singular, polychromatic swarm. "FOOLS" it booms in unison, "I WILL INFECT EVERY BEING ON THIS PATHETIC PLANET WITH MALARIA"  The bartender stands fearless against the technicolor hoard. "But wait" he inturrupts, thinking fast, "if you do that, politicians will use the catastrophe as an excuse to implement free healthcare. Think of how much that will hurt the taxpayers!"  The mosquitoes fall silent for a brief moment. "My God, you're right. We didn't think about the economy! Very well, we will not attack this dimension. FOR THE TAXPAYERS!" and with that, they vanish.  A nearby barfly stumbles over to the bartender. "How did you know that that would work?"  "It's simple really" the bartender says. "I saw that the vectors formed a gradient, and therefore must be conservative."
A Roman walks into the bar holds up two fingers, and says, "Five beers, Please"
A Maltese and an Italian walk into a bakery ... The italian steal three buns, and hides them in his pocket. He turns to the Maltese man anf brags, "that took great skill and courage to steal those buns. The owner didn t even see me!" The maltese, not really impressed, replied, "that s just simple thievery, i ll show you how to do it the honest way, and get the same result." The maltese man then proceeded to call the owner of the bakery and says, "sir, i want to show you a magic trick." The owner was intrigued, so he came over to see the magic trick. The maltese man asked him for a bun, which he promtly ate. He asked for two more and after eating them as well , the owner asks, "okay my friend, where is the magic trick?" The maltese man replied by pointing at the italian, "just look in his pockets!"
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad One night a man walks into a bar looking sad.   The bartender asks the man what he wants.   The man says “Oh just a beer”.   The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong,why are you so down today?”.   The man said “My wife and i got into a fight,and she said she would’nt talk to me for a month”.   The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”?   The man siad “Well the month is up tonight”.
Past, present, and future walk into a bar... It was tense.
Gold walks into a bar The bartender says, "Au, get out of here!"
A priest, a minister and a rabbi walk into the bar. The bartender asks them:  - Is this some kind of a joke?
A chameleon walks into a bar. The bartender looks at him and says,  “If your wife calls...I didn’t see you.”
A guy walks into a bar and orders three tequila shots... The bartender gives it to him and he slams them all down  “What’s the special occasion?” Says the bartender  The man replies “I just had my first blowjob.”  “Wow, that's a great achievement for a young man like yourself!” Says the bartender “here’s one more on me!”  “No thanks” the man replies “if three shots can’t get the taste out of my mouth, I don’t think a fourth one will.”
A guy walks into a bar And orders a four shots of tequila. The bartender appears stunned but lines 'em up and pours. Buddy takes his shots.  He motions to the bartender to fill the glasses again. The bartender looks concerned but acquiesces. Buddy takes his shots.   He motions to the bartender to go again. The bartender says "Whoa buddy, that'll be a dozen shots of tequila. Is everything ok?"  "First blowjob" says the guy, as he motions for the drinks again.  "Amazing! Congratulations!" says the bartender as he fills them up again.  The guy downs his last shot...  "I just cant get the taste out of my mouth."
A man walks into a subreddit. Bartender: "What do you want?"  Man: "I'll just have a glass of funny OC."  Bartender: "Sir, this is r/jokes."
Two gay condoms walk into a bar. One of them says to the other, “Hey wanna get shitfaced?”
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar. You can't tell me that's a coincidence!
A horse walks into a bar and orders a beer. The barkeeper says "you're in here pretty often. Think you might be an alcoholic?", to which the horse says "I don't think I am.", and vanishes from existence. See, the joke is about Descartes' famous philosophy of 'I think therefore I am", but to explain that part before the rest of the joke would be to put Descartes before the horse.
Two gay deer walk into a gay bar. They stay for about an hour. When they finally leave, one of them says to the other, “Damn, I can’t believe you blew 40 bucks back there...”
A horse walks into a bar The patrons of the establishment, recognizing the potential danger of the situation, left the bar in an orderly fashion.
Two armed men walk into a bar... Occasionally a one armed man will also walk into a bar.
An anti-semite walks into a bar An anti-semite walks into a bar. He sees a Jew sitting at the table next to him, and he doesn't like it. "Bartender!" he says, nodding at the Jew, "A round of good stuff for everyone except the Jew!"  Everyone gives a cheer and receives a glass of premium scotch each.   The anti-semite looks back at the Jew with a smug grin.  The Jew smiles back.  The anti-semite scowls and says, "Bartender! A round of your finest drink for everyone! Plus an appetizer!" He nods back at the Jew and adds, "For everyone but the Jew." The Jew is smiling even more.  Furious, the anti-semite asks, "Is this Jew stupid or is he just pretending to be?" "Oh no, sir, he's the owner."
An amnesiac walks into a bar. He goes up to a beautiful blonde and says, “So, do I come here often?”
So two vampires walk into a bar. The first vampire sits down and asks for a bloody mary, the second vampire sits down and ask for a cup of boiling water. The first vampire says "What did you get a cup of boiling water for dummy" the second vampire pulls out a used tampon and says " cause I'm making tea bitch!!"
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar, goes up to the bartender, and orders a drink. That's when he notices there's a horse in the bar. So he asks the bartender, "What's up with the horse?" The bartender replies, "He's here for a contest I like to run. Anyone that can make my horse laugh, will get my bar. And if you can make him cry, you'll get my house. Of course no one's ever succeeded."  So the man goes over to the horse, and a second later, the horse is laughing hysterically. Then another second later, the horse is sobbing inconsolably. The bartender is astonished and says, "Okay you win! But first tell me how you did it."   The man replies, "First I told him I had a bigger penis. Then I showed him."
A man walks into a church and sits in the confession booth. He says to the priest,  "forgive me father, for I have sinned. I was golfing yesterday and I cursed"   The priest asks, "Would you like to tell me about it?"  "Well," the guy says. "I was on the seventeenth hole, and I had just hit my best drive of the day. It was straight ahead, middle of the fairway, perfect vision of the flag. Must've been at least 250 yards, which was an incredible drive for me. Feeling pretty good about that hit, I walked toward my ball but as I got within 15 yards of it, a squirrel ran out of the forest and grabbed my ball."   And the priest interrupts "So is that when you cursed?"  The man replies, "No father, not yet. You see, as the squirrel was running away, it was actually moving me closer to the green and giving me a better shot. But then, out of nowhere, a hawk swooped down and picked up the squirrel, ball and all."  "Ah, now I see," the priest says. "You cursed then."  "No father, this was not when I cursed. The hawk started flying over the green, and by some miracle, maybe an act of God, the squirrel let my ball drop right over the green. It landed and rolled within 5 feet of the hole."  And the priest says, "Don't tell me you missed the fucking putt"
A Roman legionnaire walks into a bar Holds up two fingers and says, "Five beers, please."
A Proton, a neutron and Helium walk into a bar... A proton, a neutron and Helium walk into a bar and order three beers. The bartender appears with three beers in hand and asks the proton, “Are you sure you are above 21?”  The proton replies, “I’m positive.” The bartender then gives the proton his beer. He then says to neutron while giving him the second beer, “For you, no charge.” He then proceeded to throw the last beer into Helium’s face. Helium didn’t react.
A man walks into a bar and says “Ow!”
A piece of string walks into a bar... And the bartender said “sorry, we don’t serve your kind”. The piece of string walked outside, twisted himself up, and parted his hair. He went back in and the bartender said “aren’t you the same guy from before?” “I’m a frayed knot”, said the piece of string.  Then the bartender hung himself lol
A man who wants to sell his car walks into a bar He meets a shady car salesman and the man asks him for help selling his car. He explained that he wants to sell his car but the mileage is too high.  “How high is the mileage?” The salesman asked, the man replied with “135,000 miles.” The salesman thinks for a minute, then replies with “If you want, I can turn the clock back and make your car read a lower mileage than is currently being shown.” So, without much hesitation, the man hands the keys to the salesman and he drives off.  The next day, the man receives a call from the salesman that explained how the car is finished and that he can have it back. He goes to the salesman’s house and takes the car.  A couple of days later, the men meet each other at the same bar and the salesman asks “Did you have any luck selling the car?”  The man replies with “Why would I sell the car? It’s only done 30,000 miles!”
Car Battery and a Bra walk into a Bar... Car Battery and a Bra, walk into a bar. The Car battery asks the Barman “Two  beers please mate for my partner and I” The Barman looks at the Car Battery and Bra and refuses to serve them. The car battery, looking confused asks why? The Barman replies “ Because your friend is off her tits and you look like you want to start something”.
A group of Romans walk into a bar One of them holds up his hand, crosses his fingers and says to the others "Don't worry, this round's on me!"
A rabbit walks into a pub and says to the barman, 'Can I have a pint of beer, and a Ham and Cheese Toastie?' The barman is amazed, but gives the rabbit a pint of beer and a ham and cheese toastie.  The rabbit drinks the beer and eats the toastie. He then leaves.  The following night the rabbit returns and again asks for a pint of beer, and a Ham and Cheese Toastie.  The barman, now intrigued by the rabbit and the extra drinkers in the pub, (because word gets round), gives the rabbit the pint and the Toastie. The rabbit consumes them and leaves.  The next night, the pub is packed.  In walks the rabbit and says, 'A pint of beer and a Ham and Cheese Toastie, please barman.'  The crowd is hushed as the barman gives the rabbit his pint and toastie, and then burst into applause as the rabbit wolfs them down.  The next night there is standing room only in the pub.  Coaches have been laid on for the crowds of patrons attending.  The barman is making more money in one week than he did all last year  In walks the rabbit and says, 'A pint of beer and a Ham and Cheese Toastie, please barman.'  The barman says, 'I'm sorry rabbit, old mate, old mucker, but we are right out of them Ham and Cheese Toasties.'  The rabbit looks aghast.  The crowd has quietened to almost a whisper, when the barman clears his throat nervously and says,  'We do have a very nice Cheese and Onion Toastie.  The rabbit looks him in the eye and says, 'Are you sure I will like it.'  The crowd's bated breath is ear shatteringly silent.  The barman, with a roguish smile says, 'Do you think that I would let down one of my best friends. I know you'll love it.'  'Ok,' says the rabbit, 'I'll have a pint of beer and a Cheese and Onion Toastie.'  The pub erupts with glee as the rabbit quaffs the beer and guzzles the toastie.  He then waves to the crowd and leaves....  NEVER TO RETURN!!!!!!  One year later, in the now impoverished public house, the barman, (who has only served 4 drinks tonight, 3 of which were his), calls time.  When he is cleaning down the now empty bar, he sees a small white form, floating above the bar.  The barman says, 'Who are you?  To which he is answered,  'I am the ghost of the rabbit that used to frequent your public house.'  The barman says, 'I remember you. You made me famous.  You would come in every night and have a pint of beer and a Ham and Cheese Toastie. Masses came to see you and this place was famous.'  The rabbit says, 'Yes I know.'  The barman said, 'I remember, on your last night we didn't have any Ham and Cheese Toasties. You had a Cheese and Onion one instead.'  The rabbit said, 'Yes, you promised me that I would love it.'  The barman said, 'You never came back, what happened?'  'I DIED', said the rabbit.  'NO!' said the barman. 'What from?'  After a short pause, the rabbit said ...  'Mixin-me-toasties'
A Czech man walks into his eye checkup. Optician: "Please sit down, try to read the letters on the screen."   which were ' G S I R O N V C H Z I T'  Patient: "Uh doc..."  "Why is my name on the panel?"
Guy walks into a bar, sits down and orders a beer. The bartender asks why he looks so glum. "I've been searching everywhere for the legendary tower of knowledge, but it doesnt seem to exist." "Legendary tower of knowledge huh", asks the bartender, "I've never heard of anything like that, what it supposed to be?" "Well, it's supposed to be like a bible of jokes", replies the guy, "I want to be funnier, and this tower place is definitely the answer". "Where have you looked so far?" asks the bartender. Well, it started off this morning when I was hit by a bus. I actually died and wound up in heaven! I waited in a queue with three nuns who had to cleanse their sins in holy water. The first one said she once saw a penis, so she washed her eyes in it. The third one rushed to the front saying she'd better gargle it now before the second nun puts her ass in it. It was St Peter who told me to find the legendary tower of knowledge... Before I knew it, I was pulled back to earth. I knew then I had to find this tower, so I stood up and got on the bus that had hit me. The bus driver apologised and said he could make it up to me, but I didn't fancy meeting him in the cemetery at night time; sounded a bit rapey. So I sat at the back of the bus and asked a hippie and a hot nun if they knew of the tower, but noone knew. I got off the bus and picked up my nephew, Johnny, from school. He ran up to me shouting, "Uncle I've been blessed with an 8 inch penis." "I doubt it Johnny", I replied. He said, "I was, but the priest's been taken to jail now". While at the school I checked their library to see if there were any books about this tower. When I got there a guy was ordering fish and chips. The librarian told him that its a library, so he whispered, *fish and chips please*. I couldn't find anything about the tower but I did see a frog telling a chicken with three books that he'd "reddit, reddit, reddit". I left the library and crossed the playground with a chicken who wanted to get to the other slide. I asked the chicken if he knew anything about the tower and he told me that "Yo momma's so fat, when she fell over I didn't laugh, but the sidewalk cracked up." I went to my dad's house to see if he knew. I got to his door and knocked twice. He said, "who's there" and I replied "dad?" He said, "No you're not, I'm dad". So I left him to it and went to my doctors appointment. I said, doctor doctor, I died earlier today and I can't feel the left side of my body... He said, "it's ok, you're all right now." I left the doctors and came across a blonde lady piecing together something on the floor. She asked me to help her with her rooster puzzle, but all I could see was a spilt box of cornflakes. I figured she wouldnt be able to help, so moved on. I went past a tattoo parlour and walked in. A guy was getting $100 tattooed on his penis. I asked him why and he said $100 is all his wife blows these days. Finally I walked past this street performer being watched by an Englishman, a French man, a Spaniard and a German. He noticed they couldn't see him so he stood on a wooden crate and asked if they could see him now. They replied "yes" "oui" "si" "ja". Then I entered this bar as a burger walked out, apparently you don't serve food here? "Have you tried looking on reddit?" says the bartender, "try r/jokes, seems appropriate... " The guy whips out his phone, logs onto reddit and asks around on r/jokes if anyone knows about the tower. Eventually he comes across THIS post and realises it's a story about him! He asks about it in the comments and OP responds, saying, "Dude, it seems you've found what you're looking for. It's not a legendary tower of knowledge, It's an epic wall of text!"
A dog walks into a butcher shop and the butcher asks, “What do you want? A dog walks into a butcher shop and the butcher asks, “What do you want?” The dog points to steak in a glass case. “How many pounds?” The dog barks twice. “Anything else?” The dog points to some pork chops and barks four times. So the butcher wraps up a two-pound steak and four pork chops, and places the bag in the dog’s mouth. He then takes money from a purse tied around the dog’s neck, and sees him out.  A customer, who has been watching in amazement, follows the dog to a house several blocks away, where it rings the doorbell to be let in. As the owner appears at the door, the customer says, “What a remarkable dog!”  “Remarkable?” snorts the owner. “This is the second time this week he’s forgotten his keys.”
Oxygen, Hydrogen, Sulfur, Sodium, and Phosphorus walk into a bar. OH SNaP
Two girls walk into a pub. After a little while, the barman notices that the older one is actually transexual.   The transexual walks up to the bar and says in a deepish voice, "One chardonnay and a large guimess for my sis please."   She takes the drinks back to the table and they drink them up. A few rounds later... suddenly the power goes out and sparks fly out from behind the bar.   "QUICK, WE NEED TO REDUCE THE POWER IN THIS CIRCUIT BEFORE IT BLOWS!" Shouts the barman.   The sister jumps over the bar and before anyone could stop her, she plunges three fingers into the sparking fuse box.   The power returns and the situation is stable. The barman absolutely mind blown asks, "H... How... are you doing this and not dead right now!? Is it something to do with all the guiness you just drank?"   "No, not at all", replies the girl, "I'm just a trans' sister"
A blind mind walks into a shop &amp; starts swinging his guide dog around over his head. Perplexed &amp; alarmed, the sales assistant runs over &amp; asks: "Can I help you?!"  "No," the blind man replies. "I'm just looking around."
A guy walks into a bar on a rainy day with three ducks. The guy goes to the bathroom and the three ducks sit on barstools.  The bartender says “what’s your name?” to the first duck.  The duck says “my name is Chuck and I like to fuck”.  The bartender is surprised but continues the small talk “shitty weather we’re having”.  The duck says “no way, I’m having a great time, I’ve been in and out puddles, in out of puddles all day”.  The bartender then asks the second duck his name “I’m Lew and I like to screw, I’m having a great time, I’ve been in and out of puddles all day”.  The bartender then looks at the third duck and says “let me guess, you’re Rex and you like sex?”  The third duck looks at the bartender and says “fuck you man.  I’m Puddles”.
A priest, a rabbi and a minister walk into a bar The bartender looks up and says, "What's this? A joke?"
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a drink, and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything behind the bar. Then the monkey jumps on to the pool table and swallows a billiard ball.  The bartender screams at the guy, "Your monkey just ate the cue ball off my pool table -- whole!"  "Sorry," replied the guy. "He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I'll pay for everything."  The man finishes his drink, pays and leaves.  Two weeks later, he's in the bar with his pet monkey, again. He orders a drink, and the monkey starts running around the bar. The monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his ass, pulls it out and eats it.  The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks.  "Yeah," replies the guy. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures stuff first."
Man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar, notices a very large jar on the counter and sees that it's filled to the brim with £10 notes.  He guesses there must be at least ten thousand pounds in it. He approaches the bartender and asks: "What's with the money in the jar?" "Well..., you pay £10 and if you pass three tests, you get all the money in the jar and the keys to a brand new Lexus."  The man certainly isn't going to pass this up, so he asks, "What are the three tests?"  "You gotta pay first," says the bartender, "those are the rules."  So, after thinking it over a while, the man gives the bartender £10 which he stuffs into the jar. "Okay," says the bartender, "here's what you need to do:  First - You have to drink a whole quart of tequila, in 60 seconds or less and you can't make a face while doing it." "Second - There's a pit bull chained in the back with a bad tooth. You have to remove that tooth with your bare hands." "Third - There's a 90-year old lady upstairs who's never had sex. You have to take care of that problem."  The man is stunned! "I know I paid my £10 -- but I'm not an idiot!  I won't do it! You'd have to be nuts to drink a quart of tequila and then do all those other things!"  "Your call," says the bartender, "but, your money stays where it is."  As time goes on, the man has a few more drinks and finally says, "Where's the damn tequila?!"  He grabs the bottle with both hands and drinks it as fast as he can. Tears stream down both cheeks -- but he doesn't make a face -- and he drinks it in 58 seconds! Next, he staggers out the back door where he sees the pit bull chained to a pole. Soon, the people inside the bar hear loud growling, screaming and sounds of a terrible fight –then, nothing but silence! Just when they think that the man surely must be dead, he staggers back into the bar. His clothes are ripped to shreds and he's bleeding from bites and gashes all over hisbody.  He drunkenly says: *"Now... Where's that old woman with the bad tooth?"*
A Hobo/Tramp walks into a hardware store and asks for a bottle of methylated spirits The cashier refuses to sell it to him, ‘you’ll just drink it! It’s terrible and will kill you, I’m not selling you this!’  ‘I promise I won’t, honest to God I won’t drink it!’ Says the hobo.  ‘Ok, I’ll sell it to you, but no drinking it!’  ‘Thanks!’ Says the Hobo as the cashier reaches over to the shelf.  ‘Wait!’ Says the Hobo, ‘can I get one from the fridge?’
A koala walks into a brothel and chooses one of the ladies of the evening. They go to her room and the koala asks if he can eat her out. The prostitute says "yes", after the koala is done he gets off the bed and starts to leave. The prostitute stops him and says "where are you going, you have to pay me", the koala says "why". The prostitute gets a dictionary and opens it up to the word prostitute, and shows the koala. The description reads "gets paid for having sex". The koala then takes the dictionary and opens it to the word koala. He tells the lady of the evening to read what the description for koala says out loud. "Eats bushes and leaves". 
A man walks into a restaurant with a full-grown ostrich... A man walks into a restaurant with a full-grown ostrich bird behind him.   The waitress asks them for their orders.   The man says, 'A hamburger, fries and a coke,' and turns to the ostrich, 'What's yours?'   'I'll have the same,' says the ostrich.   A short time later the waitress returns with the order 'That will be $9.40 please,' and the man reaches into his pocket and pulls out the exact change for payment.   The next day, the man and the ostrich come again and the man says, 'A hamburger, fries and a coke'   The ostrich says, 'I'll have the same'   Again the man reaches into his pocket and pays with exact change.   This becomes routine until the two enter again.   'The usual?' asks the waitress.   'No, this is Friday night, so I will have a steak, baked potato and a salad,' says the man.  'Same,' says the ostrich.   Shortly the waitress brings the order and says, 'That will be $32.62.'   Once again the man pulls the exact change out of his pocket and places it on the table.   The waitress cannot hold back her curiosity any longer.   "Excuse me, sir. How do you manage to always come up with the exact change in your pocket every time?"   Says the man, "Well, several years ago I was cleaning the attic and found an old lamp. When I rubbed it, a Genie appeared and offered me two wishes.   The first wish I asked was that if I ever had to pay for anything, I would just put my hand in my pocket and the right amount of money would always be there."  The waitress said "That's brilliant! Most people would ask for a million dollars or something, but you'll always be as rich as you want for as long as you live. How smart of you!''  "That's right. Whether it's a gallon of milk or a Rolls Royce, the exact amount of money is always there" says the man proudly.  The waitress asks, "But, what's that ostrich all about?"  The man sighs, pauses and answers with a heavy heart, "My second wish was for a tall chick with long legs who accompanies me wherever I go and agrees with everything I say".
Jeff walks into a bar and sees his friend Paul slumped over the bar. He walks over and asks Paul what's wrong.   "Well," replies Paul, "you know that beautiful girl at work that I wanted to ask out, but I got an erection every time I saw her?"   "Yes," replies Jeff with a laugh. "Well," says Paul, straightening up, "I finally plucked up the courage to ask her out, and she agreed."   "That's great!" says Jeff, "When are you going out?"   "I went to meet her this evening," continues Paul, "but I was worried I'd get an erection again. So I got some duct tape and taped my penis to my leg, so if I did, it wouldn't show."   "Sensible" says Jeff.   "So I get to her door," says Paul, "and I rang her doorbell. She answered it in the sheerest, tiniest dress you ever saw."   "And what happened then?"   (Paul slumps back over the bar again.) "I kicked her in the face."   
An aspiring Mexican immigrant walks into bar... So he steps to the right and tries again and hits another bar, then another, and another and so on until he gives up and decides to stay in Mexico.
A man walks into a bar Dave walks into a bar, upon entering the bar, an elderly man begins to talk about Dave’s mother.  “I fucked your mom real good last night,” says the elderly man.  Dave is upset but keeps calm as he is just trying to enjoy his night.  “Oh yeah, she was begging for my cock, your mom got fucked hard yesterday boy,” said the old man.  Again Dave doesn’t say anything as he knows that the old man is drunk and is just blabbering nonsense.   The old man the says, “your mom was riding this dick good.”  Dave finally gets upset and proclaims, “That was the last straw, I’m taking you home, dad.”
Sally walks into a pet store Sally walks into a pet store and asks the clerk for some bird seed Clerk: what kind of bird do you have? Sally: I don't have one yet but I hope to grow some!
Man walks into a bar (yes but not one you know.) NSFW New york man walks into a bar in mobile alabama with a crocodile.   He walks up to the bar with the croc, and orders two drinks.  The barman takes one look at the guy. Then looks at the croc, and says get real I'm not serving that here.   The NY guy says ah don't mind him hes well trained. Perfectly harmless.  The barman replies shut the fuck up, I was talking to the Croc.
A man walks into a bar with an alligator. A man walks into a bar with an alligator. He call for everyone's attention, orders a beer and proceeds to put his balls in the gator's open mouth.   The gator closes its mouth, the man drinks the beer and then takes the bottle and whacks the gator on the head with it real hard. The gator opens its mouth and the man shows off his unharmed balls.   He looks around the bar and says, "I'll give anyone here a 100 dollars to try this."   There is dead silence in the bar and than a hand goes up in the back and a blond girl comes forward and says, "I'll give it a shot, just don't hit me so hard with the bottle."
A pirate walks into a bar with a ship wheel sticking out of his fly. The bartender says “hey pal, you got a nautical steering wheel on the end of your dick”. The pirate shrugs and says “Yarrr. She drives me nuts!”
This guy walks into a bar, takes a seat and puts a bag onto the bar He reaches into the bag and pulls out a little piano and then a little seat. Then this little guy comes out of the bag takes a bow, has a sits down and start playing the piano. A man with a hat sitting next to the man with the bag exclaims, "That's amazing! How did you get this little guy?"   The man with the bag says, "Oh well I have this Genie-"   "Holy shit a Genie! Do you mind if I get a wish from him?" says the with the hat.    The man with the bag tells him, "alright but you have to speak up when you talk with the Genie he has a hard time hearing."     The man with the bag pulls out a lamp, rubs it and a genie appears.    "I am the great genie of the lamp! what is your wish?" says the genie with a booming voice.    "I wish for a million bucks!" yells the man with the hat.   "Very well, your wish is granted!" then the genie disappears in a puff of smoke.   A short time later, a duck walks into the bar, then another, and another, 4 ducks, then 10, a hundred, a thousan- 1 million ducks are everywhere in this bar!   The man with the hat complains, "What happened? I spoke loud when I made my wish!"   The man with the bag sighs, "I told you, he has a hard time hearing. What, do you think that I wanted a 10 inch pianist!"
A man walks into a psychiatrists office wearing nothing but saran wrap. The psychiatrist says, "Well, I can clearly see you're nuts."
A guy walks into a bar and notices many cuts of beef suspended from the ceiling several feet above his head. The guy orders a drink and asks the bartender about the meat. The bartender replies, "It's a contest I run here. You get one try. If you can jump high enough to touch one of them, you get the money in the pot . If you miss, you have to put $500 in. You want to try?" The guy thinks for a second and says, "No, thanks. The steaks are too high."
A guy walks into a bar owned by eminem The gus says "i want 2 shots of ..." The bartender cuts him off "you only get one shot"
So a guy walks into a bar with a salamander on his shoulder The bartender goes, “Hey, why do you have a salamander on your shoulder?”   The guy says, “He comes with me everywhere”.   The bartender asks, “Well what’s his name?”  The guy replies, “Tiny. Because he’s minute.” 
A duck walks into a bar... A duck walks into a bar, and orders a pint.  "That's amazing, a talking duck!" says the barkeep, as he pours the duck's drink. "You should join the circus!"  "Why?" Replied the duck, "do they need an electrician?"
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks the horse if it’s an alcoholic, considering all the bars it frequents, to which the horse replies,"I don't think I am." POOF!  The horse disappears.   This is the point in time in which any philosophy students in the audience begin to giggle,  as they are familiar with the philosophical proposition of cogito ergo sum, or roughly, "I think, therefore I am."  But to explain that concept  beforehand  would be putting Descartes before the horse. 
A Leper Walks Into A Bar A leper walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender gives it to him, then immediately turns around and throws up. The leper, being a leper, was used to this kind of thing, and didn't think much of it.  The leper finishes his beer and orders another one. The bartender gives it to him, then turns around and throws up again. The leper was starting to grow a bit concerned, but still continued to drink his beer.  After finishing, he orders one more beer. The bartender gives it to him, then turned around and, once again, threw up. By this point, the leper was beginning to think that maybe it was time to go.  "Look, I'm sorry," he apologized to the bartender. "I didn't mean to gross you out so much."  "No, no, it's not you," the bartender replied. "It's the guy next to you, dipping his chip in your elbow."
Two lions walk into a bar. They sit down and start drinking. Soon after, a woman comes into the bar. She’s drunk and obnoxious. As she staggers by the lions, she carelessly bumps into the first one and spills his drink. Annoyed, the lion frowns and orders another drink. The two lions continue drinking and the woman staggers by again yelling, and again bumps into the first lion and spills his drink. The lion growls at her, and orders another drink. The two lions continue drinking and the woman staggers by a third time again yelling and cursing, and again bumps into the first lion and spills his drink. Enraged, the lion roars and attacks the woman. In a couple of bites, he’s eaten the woman entirely. He then orders another drink and they continue drinking.   Shortly thereafter, the first lion looks at the second lion and complains, “man, I don’t feel good, I’m getting really sleepy. I think someone may have roofied my drink.”  The second lion looks at his buddy and says, "maybe it was that bar bitch you ate.”
If you really want a promotion at work, all you have to do is walk into your office shouting, "Vodka! Tequila! Sambuca!" at the top of your lungs...   This will make you the person who calls the shots...
Mr. 8 walks into a bar After too many drinks the bar keep informed him of last call and the bar was closing.  Enraged, Mr. 8 knocked over his stool and fell on the floor refusing to ever leave.  Some say he still lay there pondering infinity
A structural engineer walks into a bar He sits, orders a drink, and starts crying his eyes out.  The bartender asks "what happened?" Engineer says "I was responsible for building my company's longest bridge five years ago when yesterday's earthquake made it collapse." The bartendar asked if anyone had died, and the engineer says "luckily, no one was seriously hurt, injured or dead." Confused, the bartender asks why the engineer is so depressed and crying. To which the engineer responds, "Don't you get it? It was my first-ever project, my first bridge built, it was like my baby. Now it's all gone and I'll never get over it."
A three legged dog walks into a saloon, he says "Lookin for the guy who shot my pa" 
A blind guy walks into a bar... And a table... And a chair...
A photon walks into a hotel. The desk clerk says, “Can we help you with your luggage?”. The photon says, “No thanks, I’m traveling light”
Two men walk into a bar... Ding, Ding... OUCH!
Man walks into a bar carrying his friends head and sets it on the counter. His friend orders a shot... The bartender hands the man the shot and he feeds it to his friend.  Poof! He grows a torso. Excited now the friend orders another shot and again the man feeds it to him.  Poof! He grows arms and legs. Pushing his luck he orders another and throws it back.  Poof! The friend disappears.  The bartender looks at the man and says "that sucks, your friend should have quit while he was a head"
A Lion walks into a bar... The bartender *obviously* seems frightened by this. The Lion walks up to the side of the bar and pulls up a seat next to a man. This man is dressed like a Lion Tamer, and seems pleased to see the Lion. The Bartender comes over and timidly asks the Lion, “Who are you?”. The man sitting beside the Lion smiles at the Bartender and says, “Don’t worry mate! This is my mane man Leo!”.  -My first-ever original joke :)
Two Fonzis walk into a diner Two Fonzis walk into a diner and one says to the other, "No, YOU say it !"  Original joke that presented itself in a dream.
A man with no intent of eating any cheese, walks into a cheese shop. He off-handedly mentions to the poor, innocent shopkeep, “You know, I bet if this place was to explode, there’d be a bunch of de-brie.”  “Good, ah, joke,” says the shopkeep.  The man replies, “I think you mean Gouda.”  The shopkeep just matter-of-factly says , “If you aren’t going to buy any cheese, leave.”   Ignoring him, the man takes a peek at his name-tag. “Mr.Jack, eh? I wouldn’t suppose your first name is Colby?,” he says.   Annoyed, the man sighed and said, “At this point, I’d give you money to just leave.”  The man asked, “Are you offering me cheddar?”  “For the last time, LEAVE!” snaps the shopkeep.  The man says, “Asi, I’ll go.”
A redneck, an Italian, and a Frenchman walk into a bar the other day... NSFW Conversation quickly becomes a pissing contest and the topic of sex is immediately discussed. While sipping on his Lambrusco, the Italian man says "when I'm through pleasing a beautiful woman, I nibble on her ear... and she rises half a foot off the bed!"  The Frenchman scoffs, takes a sip of his Cabernet, and says "well, when I'm done making love the gorgeous ladies, I suck on their toes... And they rise a whole foot off the bed!!"  The redneck laughs, finishes his beer in one gulp "that shit ain't nothin! When I'm through fuckin my ol lady, I wipe my dick on the curtain... And she hits the fucking roof!!!"   *Edit: wine
Man walks into a bar and sees a bowl full of money on the counter Man- asks bartender what the bowl of money is for.  Bartender- we have a horse out back, if you can make him laugh you get to take the money.  The man goes out back and shortly after the bartender hears the horse laughing.   The man walks back into the bar, grabs the bowl full of money off the counter and leaves.  A week later the man goes back into the bar and sees another bowl full of money on the counter.  Man- asks the bartender what the bowl of money is for now.  Bartender- if you can make the horse cry, you get to take the money  The man walks out back and shortly after the bartender hears the horse crying.  The man walks back into the bar, grabs the bowl full of money off the counter and goes to leave.  Bartender- Now hold on just a minute. Last week you made the horse laugh, now this week you make him cry. How did you do it?  Man- last week I told him I had a bigger dick than he does, this week I showed him!
A Scottish man an Irish man and a welsh man walk into a bar Ouch.Ouch.Ouch
A man walks into a bar with a piece of tarmac He says “can I get two beers,one for me and one for the road”
A man walks into a club and says... ow
A sandwich walks into a bar The sandwich says “can I have a beer” And the bartender says “sorry we don’t serve food here”
A man walks into a bar Ouch
A man walks into a bar And asks the bartender for a beer, but exclaims he doesn't have any money. The bartender tells him to leave and come back when he can buy a drink.  The man says "if I show you the most amazing thing in the world, will you give me a beer?" Bartender says, "I've seen a lot of amazing things behind this bar, but if it's the most amazing I'll give you a beer" The man pulls out a box and puts it on the bar. He takes off the lid and 12 inch man is playing the piano.  Bartender yells that's the most amazing thing I've ever seen and asks how he got him.  The man says "I have a genie" and pulls out the lamp.  The bartender immediately offers free drinks for the man and his friends for life for one wish.  The man accepts.  Bartender rubs the lamp, the genie comes out and he says, "I wish for 1 millions bucks"  The genie snaps his fingers and a million ducks start flying around the bar.  Bartender yells at the man "I didn't ask for millions ducks, I asked for 1 millions bucks" The man says, "yeah, he's a little hard of hearing. Do you really think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?"
A priest and a rabbit walk into a bar The bartender says "I think someone has made a typo here."
A dog walks into a telegram office... A dog walked in to the telegram office one day. He took out a blank form and wrote on it: "Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof."  Then he handed it to the clerk. The clerk examined the paper and said to the dog, "You know there are only nine words here? You could send another 'Woof' for the same price."  The dog replied, "But that would make no sense at all!"
A man walks into a bar... Turns out he is not very good at the limbo.
A midget walks into a bar. He loses the limbo competition.
Snake walks into a bar Bartender says "hey how'd you do that?"
A man walks into a bar, and orders a round for everyone there. The bartender asks what the occasion is, and the man explains that a genie granted  his wish to become a wealthy man.  A second man walks in, and demands and armwrestling contest. He defeats all contenders with a single finger. The bartender, now actually starting to believe the story, asks him what he wished for.  "The strength of a hundred men!" the burly man replies  A third man runs through the door on all fours, leaping over tables all while screaming about ticks covering his body.  The bartender stares at the first man, wordlessly demanding an answer.  The wealthly man sighs, drains his drink, and says.  "Poor fucker wanted to feel like a million bucks."
A man walks into a bar with his dog. A man walks into a bar with his dog.  "This is a talking dog. If this dog can answer my questions, who will buy me a drink?" he asks.  "You can have one on the house," the bartender says.  The man turns to his dog. "What goes on the top of a house?"  Dog: Roof.  Man: "What does tree bark feel like?"  Dog: Rough.  Man: "Who is the greatest baseball player ever?"  Dog: Ruth.  The bartender is clearly annoyed and snaps at the man. "That's enough. You and your dog, get out."  After the man and the dog are thrown out, the dog looks sadly at his owner. "Should I have said DiMaggio?"
C, Eb, and G walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, no minors."
A beggar walks into a bar. He approaches the counter and is very agited, trying to get the barman's attention.  "What can i get ya?" The barman asks, expecting the beggar to ask for a free drink or some coins.  "A toothpick. Got any toothpicks?"  He hands him a toothpick and the beggar exits the bar.  'Hm, wierd' the barman thought to himself, but quickly puts it behind him to continue his work.  Less than two minutes later another beggar comes in, paces up to the counter and asks for a toothpick. The barman gives him one too and and starts to wonder why two beggars only a few minutes apart would both ask for a toothpick.   A few more minutes pass and he is still trying to figure out what's going on, when a third beggar enters the bar! As he approaches the counter the barman says  "Let me guess, a toothpick?"  "No, no, just a straw will do."  "A straw? Fine but only if you tell me why."  "Well some bloke thew up outside but all the good bits are already gone."
A man walks into a bar.. A man walks into bar and lost his watch. Later he saw some guy stepping on his watch while harassing a woman. Infuriated, he approached him and broke his nose and said "No one does that to a woman, not on my watch".
A man walks into a bar and says! A man walks into a bar and says, "Give me a beer before the problems start!" He drinks the beer and then orders another saying, "Give me a beer before the problems start!"  The bartender looks confused. This goes on for a while, and after the fifth beer the bartender is totally confused and asks the man "When are you going to pay for these beers?"  The man answers, "Now the problems start!"
Two Chinese Men walk into a bar Two Chinese men walk into a bar, the bartender asks, "Why the same face"?
A man walks into a bar He sits down at the pub "I bet I can tell you exactly how old your scotch is, just by tasting it." He says to the bartender. The bar tender, intrigued, gives the man a glass of scotch. The man tastes it,  pauses, and says, "15 years old" the bartender, amazed, says, " by golly you're right! If you can guess the next one, it's on the house." He gives the man some some scotch. The man pauses, after awhile, he says, "6 years"        "Correct again!" The bartender says, "one more." The bartender goes to the back of the bar, and comes out with the most dusty, old, putrid bottle you've ever seen. He pours the man a glass. The man tastes it. He immediately spits it out. "It tastes this urine!"       "It is urine, now tell me how old I am."
A Black dude walks into a bar.... He's got a parrot on his shoulder.  The Barkeep says, "Where'd you get that?"  And the parrot says, "Africa, they got millions of them down there!"
Bear walks into bar... Bear asks deer... (Time passes)       “Can I have a drink?”  Deer says, “why the long paws?”     
A man walks into a bar He's fine, just a scratch 
A man walks into his bedroom with a sheep under his arm. His wife is laying in bed. The man exclaims “This is the pig I fuck when you don’t put out” His wife says “Are you drunk?  That’s not a pig that’s a sheep” The man replies “Shut up, I was talking to the sheep”
A Guy Walks Into a Bar With a Monkey A guy walks into a bar with a monkey. The man sits down at the bar, orders a drink, and immediately the monkey is running all around the bar, causing havoc. Before long, the monkey jumps over to the bar, grabs a bowl of pretzels, and gobbles them down without hesitation. Next, the monkey devours an entire jar of cocktail olives in seconds. Without a moment's pause, the monkey jumps over to the pool table, grabs the cue ball, and swallows it whole. The bartender is furious.  "Your monkey is trashing my bar!!" He fumes "First he eats all my pretzels, then all my olives, and then my cue ball! How are my customers supposed to play pool?"  "I understand," The man replies, "Don't worry, I'll pay for everything my monkey breaks."   Indeed, the man is true to his word. As soon as he finishes his drink, he collects his monkey, pays for everything, and leaves.  The next week, the same thing happens. Same man walks into the same bar with his monkey, he orders a drink, and the monkey goes wild. Suddenly, the monkey jumps to the bar, grabs a cherry, sticks it up his butt, then pulls it out and eats it. By now the bartender is livid.  "Did you see what your monkey just did!? He put a cherry up his ass, pulled it out and ate it! That's disgusting!!" He yells.  The man replies, "I know...ever since he had to pass that cue ball, he's been measuring everything first."
Three logicians walk into a bar. The bartender asks, “Do you guys think this is a repost?” The first logician says, “I don’t know.” The second replies, “I’m not sure.” The third one answers, “Yes!”
Bum walks into a bar... Trailing right behind him, the tiniest man the bartender's ever seen. The bum says, "If you buy me a whiskey, my friend will play you a song." The bartender pours the bum a shot. The little guy runs over to the piano, leaps up onto the stool, and plays a flawless rendition of Chopin's Polonaise. The bartender is floored. "That's phenomenal!" he says.  The bum motions to his empty glass. "Another shot, another song." The bartender obliges, and is treated to Debussy's Clair de Lune. "Wow! Where'd you find this guy?" he asks the bum. The bum sighs, "I stumbled across a magic lamp, and I guess the fucking genie thought I wanted a one-foot pianist."   
Mr Singh walks into a London bank and asks for the loan officer He says he's going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow £5000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so Mr Singh hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce, which costs quarter of a million pounds.  “The car is parked on the street in front of the bank,” says Mr Singh, “and I have all the necessary papers.”  The bank officer agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. After Mr Singh leaves, the loan officer, the bank's president and all their colleagues enjoy a good laugh at the man for using a £250,000 Rolls Royce as collateral against a £5,000 loan.  One of the employees drives the Rolls into the bank's underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, Mr Singh returns, repays the £5000 and the interest, which comes to £15.41.  The loan officer says, "Sir, I must tell you, we’re all a little puzzled. While you were away, we checked you out and discovered that you’re a multimillionaire. Why would you bother to borrow £5,000?"  The man replies, "Where else in London can I park my car for two weeks for only £15.41?"
A pirate walks into a bar... with a steering wheel attached to his crotch. Bartender says, "Whats with that steering wheel man? That has to be uncomfortable." Pirate says, "ARRGH it drives me nuts!"
A stock broker walks into a bar. He orders some whiskey and says, “I’ve heard this place has good review.” The bartender replies, “We’re the best bar in town. Where’d you here about this?” The stock broker smirks and says “On a bar graph online.”
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey He orders a drink, and while he's drinking, the monkey jumps all over the place, eating everything behind the bar. Then the monkey jumps on to the pool table and swallows a billiard ball.  The bartender screams at the guy, "Your monkey just ate the cue ball off my pool table -- whole!"  "Sorry," replied the guy. "He eats everything in sight, the little bastard. I'll pay for everything."  The man finishes his drink, pays and leaves.  Two weeks later, he's in the bar with his pet monkey, again. He orders a drink, and the monkey starts running around the bar. The monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar. He grabs it, sticks it up his ass, pulls it out and eats it.  The bartender is disgusted. "Did you see what your monkey did now?" he asks.  "Yeah," replies the guy. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he swallowed that cue ball, he measures stuff first.
A Child Molester, a Priest and a Liar walk into a bar. His name was John.
A woman walks into a doctor's office. The lady asks the doctor, "Why does every guy I get with not stay with me?" The Doctor says "Hmmm, let's do a little test. Take off all of your clothes." The lady takes off all of her clothes. "Now do jumping Jacks".  The lady does jumping Jacks. "Turn around backwards." The lady turns around backwards. "One more thing, get on your hands and knees and start crawling as fast as you can." She proceedes to do everything the doctor says until finally the says "Aha! You have the eggzachary disease.". "The lady asks in bewilderment,"What's the eggzachary disease?". The doctor says "Your face looks Eggzachary like butt."
Three men walk into a store The first is a black man, the second is a white man, and the third is an Asian man. They wander the aisles for a few minutes browsing, and quickly noticed the shop keepers keeping a careful eye on the black and Asian men. Later when they left they began complaining  "I can't believe they did that!" Said the black man  "I know! How terrible!" Said the Asian man  Then the white man said  "Don't worry, I stole enough for all of us"
Arnold Schoenberg walks into a bar The barman asks what he will have  Schoenberg replies, "I'll have gin, but no tonic"
Irish man walks into a cafe Looks at the menu and it reads:  Cheese Roll 50p,  Ham Roll £1,  A Wank £10. He then sees a beautiful young woman who works there, amazing body, huge tits, He says do you give the wanks? She says yes I do! He says well wash your hands, I want 2 cheese rolls...
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer, The bartender turns around and says, “Sorry, we don’t serve food here.”
A polar bear walks into a bar. The bartender asks, “can I get you anything?”  The polar bear replies, “why yes, can I get a pint of beer...  ...  ...  ...and a bag of chips!”  The bartender, confused, asks, “why the large paws?”
A Roman walks into a bar. He holds up two fingers and says, "five beers, please."
A man walks into a bar and takes a seat. Before he can order a beer the bowl of pretzels in front of him says “Hey, you’re a handsome fellow.” The man tries to ignore the bowl of pretzels and orders a fine Pilsner beer. The bowl of pretzels then says “Ooooh, a pilsner, great choice. You’re a smart man.” Starting to freak out, the guy says to the bartender “Hey what the hell, this bowl of pretzels keeps saying nice things to me!”  The bartender replies “Don’t worry about it, the pretzels are complimentary.”
A gallon of milk walks into a bar He sits down and orders 3 fingers of whiskey neat. Puzzled, the bar tender responds, "I'm not sure if I can serve you, given you might curdle."   "Curdle, do what it may. I don't care if it kills me," the jug says back to the man.   "I've never seen a jug of milk so distraught, what possibly could have happened to you?" The bartender inquires.  "Well, if you must know to serve me, today was my wedding day. Everything was prepared beautifully, we even went through with the ceremony."  The barman interrupts, "Well what could be so dire if you went through with it?"  "The ceremony went off without a hitch, everyone loved the reception, but..." trailling off, the jug could barely get out another word. He took a deep breath and continued. "You see...I had myself a beautiful bride. She was a nice family girl. A full shapely jug, who had the presence of a carton about her. When we made our way to our room, I couldn't wait to uh...consummate the ordeal. We got in, dimmed the lights, and when I removed her veil...her seal was cracked...and I'll be dammed if I didn't know that expiration date was fake.
A man walks into a pet shop for the 5th time in a week. He walked up to the manager to make a complaint. “I’m very sorry for any inconvenience sir, what has been the problem?”  The man replied: “Well, the first dog I bought got lonely whilst I was away at work, so I returned the next day and bought another one. But this stupid dog didn’t last a day before he ran away. So I bought a third dog, and this stupid thing drowned in his water bowl. The 4th dog I bought was just as stupid as the rest. He bit himself to death. You keep giving me stupid dogs!”  “Sir, what breed were the dogs?”  “Well the 3 dead ones were chihuahuas and the first one is a Rottweiler.”  “I think we’ve found the problem.”
So a lemming walks into a bar... And then another, and another, and another, and another, and another, and another, and another, and none of them duck.
A depressed Comedian walks into a bar... A depressed Comedian walks into a bar, the bartender asks him "Could you tell me a joke?" The Comedian's eyes light up and he says "Yes please"
A potato chip walks into a club... He sees a nice looking corn chip sitting at the bar. He goes up to her and asks " Are you frito-lay?" She says "No, 50 dollars."
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel jammed down the front of his pants. The bartender says, "Isn't that uncomfortable?" The pirate responds, "Ar, it's drivin' me nuts."
A guy walks into a bar with his pet monkey, orders a drink and while he’s drinking it, the monkey jumps around all over, grabs some olives off the bar, eats them, grabs some sliced limes, eats them, jumps up on the pool table, grabs a cue ball, sticks it in his mouth and swallows it whole...  The bartender screams at the guy, “Did you see what your monkey just did?”  The guy says, “No, what?”  “He just ate the cue ball off my pool table, whole!” says the bartender.  “Yeah, that doesn’t surprise me.” replied the patron. “He eats everything in sight. I’ll pay for the cue ball and stuff.”  He finishes his drink, pays his bill, and leaves.   Two weeks later he’s in the bar again and he has his monkey with him.   He orders a drink and the monkey starts running around the bar again.   While the man is drinking his drink, the monkey finds a maraschino cherry on the bar.   He grabs it, sticks it up his butt, pulls it out, and eats it.   The bartender is disgusted.  “Did you see what your monkey did now?”, he asks.  “Now what?”, responds the patron.  “Well, he stuck a maraschino cherry up his butt, then pulled it out and ate it!” says the barkeeper.  “Yeah, that doesn’t surprise me.” replied the patron. “He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he ate that cue ball he measures everything first!”
William Shakespeare walks into a gay bar. *Exit pursued by a bear.*
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm. "I'll take a beer please, and one for the road."
Three elephants walk into a large bar and order three bottles of Jack Daniels. The first elephant says, "I bet I can drink this faster than you guys,"and with that gulps down the entire bottle in six seconds flat.  The second elephant not wishing to be outdone says, " I'll take that bet" and immediately gulps the bottle down, this time in 5 seconds.  The third elephant sees this and asks the bar man, "Is the smoking ban effecting business much?"  "Not really, we've got the old heaters outside so we're doing alright. Things will pick up again now in May or so," says the barman.  "They will I suppose" says the third elephant, nodding.
Two peanuts walk into a bar. One was a salted.
Sir Galahad and Sir Lancelot walk into a Travelodge Sir Galahad says "a room for two knights please."
Two weebs walk into a bar One comes out.
Three lawyers walk into a bar Only one passes
Two blondes walk into a bar You'd think the second would've seen it there. 
Three men walk into a bar. The first man walks into a bar right in the doorway of the bar.   The second man gets drunk, uses the bar to wreck the bar and is put behind bars.   The third man helps the bartender clean up the bar and is rewarded with a granola bar. Also he’s studying to become a lawyer. 
Two Alabaman families walk into a bar... Just kidding, there's only one family in Alabama.
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender says, "Whoa! We don't serve your kind in here".   The horse asks, "You mean because I'm a horse?"   "No, because you're black"  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;
A man walks into a bar and sees a jar of money... He asks the bartender what that's all about. The bartender replies, "20 bucks and you're in. The first person to chug this entire bottle of vodka and eat the worm at the bottom, then in the back there's a mean rottweiler with a sore tooth you gotta pull it's tooth. After that there's a 90 year old woman upstairs that's never had an orgasm, you gotta bang her until you give her one."  The guy responds no way he's doing all that no matter how much money is in there. But after fifteen minutes he finds his courage in a bottle and drops a 20 in the jar and says, "Where's the tequila?!" He drinks the whole thing and chews up the worm.   He says, "Where's that stupid rottweiler?" The bartender points to the back room where the guy disappears to and slams the door. They hear a racket and the dog howling and howling, finally the guy busts back out of the door and says, "Where's that old lady with the sore tooth?"
A woman walks into a bar at the top floor of a building... She sits down and orders a drink, she hears a drunk man at the end of the bar talking loud about his drink. So she asks him,  “what are you drinking?”    The man proclaims.  “This is the worlds greatest drink! It gives you powers!”  The woman thinking the man is crazy,  simply nods and rolls her eyes, the drunk man slurs.   “I’ll show you”  He then downs the drink and proceeds to run and jump from the window, he flys around for a bit and comes back to the bar. The woman stunned, quickly asks the bartender for the same drink. She downs it and runs for the window, jumps and falls to her death.   The bartender looks at the man and says  “Superman your an asshole.”
A 3 legged dog walks into town, he says "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw"
A Priest, A Nun, A Rabbi, and A Scholar walk into a sporting goods store..... The Priest makes a beeline for the back, in search of a new kayak.  The Nun looks for a tent, so she can spend more time outside without worrying about bugs.  The Rabbi looks for a BB gun, so he can defend his property from wild animals.  The Scholar, meanwhile, just sits on a patio chair and waits.  The others are confused, and ask why he didnt buy anything.  The Scholar says, "I forgot my wallet at home".
A pirate walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says "Sure thing. Hey, I couldn't help but notice that you've got a pretty nasty hook for a hand there."  The pirate says "Aye, I lost it in a sword fight."  "Oh that's horrible! Well what about your peg-leg, what happened there?"  "Aye, me leg was blown off by a cannonball."  "My god, that's gruesome! I can't even imagine why you've got an eye patch."  "Aye, a passing seagull shit in me eye."  "A...seagull? You lost your eye to some bird shit?"  "Well, I forgot about the hook."
Vincent Van Gogh and Evander Holyfield walk into a bar... ... and find it very difficult to have a conversation.
A man walks into a bakery "I'd like a wasp, please."   "We don't sell wasps", answers the baker.   "Well, there's one in the window."
So Iron Man and Bruce Banner walk into a bar. They both grab a stool at the bar and start slamming shots. Tony, a notorious alcoholic, maintains his composure.   He turns over to Bruce as he hits more back. He sees Bruce getting tipsy and a bit green.   Tony: "You okay there?"  Hulk: "Hulk smashed!"
A white guy, a black guy, an Indian, an Asian women and a girl in a wheel chair walk into a bar They are celebrating being on the cover of a middle school math book
A man walks into a restaurant and orders a soup. Shortly after he gets it he calls the waiter  Waiter: Yes Sir, how can I help you?  Man: Can you please taste the soup?  Waiter: Why? What's wrong with it?  Man: Please taste the soup!  Waiter: I can replace it if there's anything wrong with it!  Man: Taste the soup.  Waiter: OK! OK! calm down. But where's the spoon?  Man: That is it son of a bi\*ch! Where's the spoon?
Two conspiracy theorists walk into a bar Or did they?
Comic Sans walks into a bar The bartender says "Get out - We don't serve your type".
In ww2 five germans walk into a bar None survived
Three men walk into a bar... Three men walk into a bar and order three beers. The first man has an iguana on his shoulder. The second man is holding a cat, but not wearing any pants. The third man is covered head-to-toe in bees.  The bartender sets a beer in front of the first man and asks, "What's the deal with the iguana?"  The first man says, "Oh, I just lost my job. I was a zookeeper, and since I love reptiles, they let me keep him as part of my severance package."  Satisfied, the bartender sets a beer in front of the second man and asks about his situation.  "I'm recently divorced. My wife took everything-- the house, the kids, the car, even my clothes. All that's left is my cat."  Lastly, the bartender sets a beer in front of the man covered in bees and asks him, "All right, so what's your story?"  And the man screams, "GET THESE FRIGGING BEES OFF ME!"
An improbable premise walks into a bar... Bartender asks, "What can I get you?"  Premise replies, "Just water."  Bartender shakes his head with irritation,  "Unbelievable."
2 friends walk into a bar "WOW there are a lot of random people in this bar"
Santa Clause walks into a bar. The bar has 3 women. Santa says: “Ho,ho,ho!”
A priest and a rabbi walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says "What is this, some kind of joke?"     Bonus animal joke: A baby seal walked into a club.
A guy walks into a bar And walks over to the bartender. He notices some beautiful piano music coming from one side of the bar, but he can’t see the stereo or the piano anywhere. So he asks the bartender “hey where is that music coming from?”  The bartender says “check the end of the bar.”  So the guy walks over and looks around and then notices on the floor the tiniest piano he has ever seen. Looking around the back he sees the littlest man he has ever seen just playing away!  So he asks the bartender “where did you find this little guy, he’s amazing!”  So the bartender says, “well you see, in the back I have this lamp, and inside that lamp there is an ancient Genie that will grant you one wish.”  So the man says “no way! Can I try?”  “Sure go ahead.” Says the bartender.  So the man walks into the back, seems the lamp sitting on a barrel and gives it a rub.  With a giant whoosh and blue lights an ancient wizen sold genie comes out of the lamp. He says “you woke me up from my nap! What is your wish?”  Well the guy, put in the spot says “ok, I wish for a million bucks!”  With a poof and a flash the genie disappears and a million ducks appears out of thin air!  The guy looking around scratching his head, walks out front to the bar, stepping over the million quacking ducks asks the bartender: “What gives? I wished for a million bucks and poof I got a million ducks!”  “Yea.” Says the bartender, that old genie’s hearing ain’t so good. You think I wished for a 12 inch Pianist?”
One day a very anxious man walks into a clinic for a checkup The doctor tries to examine him, but the man keeps on asking him,"What is it doctor?"  The doctor replies, "You need to stop coming here."  The man says, "Then how will you be able to examine me?"  Then the doctor says, "NO! Like you need to stop masturbating all over the floor Jeffery!"
A jumper Cable walks into bar, The bartender says: I will serve you but don't start anything.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks " why the long face"?  The horse unable to speak english, shits on the floor and leaves.
A crusty, old pirate walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender notices a giant ship's wheel protruding from his belt buckle. As the bartender sets down the drink, his curiosity gets the better of him, so he says, "Hey, forgive me for staring, but I couldn't help but notice that giant ship's wheel on your crotch. What's that all about?"  To which the pirate replies, "Aye matey, 'tis no real mystery you see, but it's been drivin' me nuts."
Three topologists walk into a bar. The bartender asks “What’ll it be?” The first orders the group a 3-handled pint. The bartender says, “Certainly! That’ll be $5.” The second pays the bartender with a $10 bill. Then, on their way out, the third says to the bartender, “Thanks for the free pretzel!”
Three men walk into a bar. They stare at each other, all with bruised heads, realizing their mistake.
So a pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head; the bartender asks "what's up with the paper towel?" The pirate replied with "Arghh there's a Bounty on me head"
A dwarf walks into a bar and slips on a piece of shit and goes on like nothing happened A few minutes later a big huge man walks in and slips on the piece of shit. "I just did that" the dwarf shouted. So the man kills the dwarf....
Balderick walks into a bar... He manages to pull a Nigerian mathematician, and while they are talking he keeps getting confused and calling her ‘Black adder’
A blood donor walks into a clinic... A regular blood donor walks into his usual blood bank and goes to sit in his favourite chair to give blood. He's been visiting this particular clinic for so long that he's become friends with one of the nurses who works there. They're such good friends that they go see movies together, go to the pub after work on Fridays, and play in a Rush tribute band. You know, usual friend stuff.  Today, as the nurse inserts the needle into his friend's arm he says:  "Hey buddy. I have a confession to make..."  "What is it?"  "I've been taking samples of your blood donations, exposing them to oxygen, and letting them coagulate."  Visibly shocked, the donor gasps and says, "how long have you been congealing this from me???"
A Polish man walks into a store He walks up to the guy behind the counter and asks for a Kielbasa.    The guy replies ...you're Polish right?   He replies. How did you know????  By the way I pronounced "Kielbasa"  The guy replies "No this is a furniture store"  
A woman walks into a restaurant... ...and says "Waiter, what is the meal of the day?".  The waiter says "We have the duck today, madam. But the whole thing is very expensive."  The woman says "Fine, just send me the bill".
Guy walks into a bar with a gun and snarls “who had sex with my wife!!!” A guy in the back replies   You don’t have enough bullets
A Nazi walks into a bar... looks around, and notices an older Jewish man seated at a nearby table. Barman, he says, "A round on me, for all your patrons, but not for the old Jewish geezer right there."  As everyone in the bar receives their drinks, he looks directly at the Jew with a nasty little smile. Surprisingly the Jew nods his head and sends a warm smile back. The Nazi is somewhat miffed, as this was not the reaction he expected. So he goes back to the bar  "Barman, a second round for everyone but him, and this time take it all from the top shelf" Nazi looks again at the Jew, and notices that he is STILL smiling back, and even warmer than before  "Is that Jew a complete fool or what?" he asks the barman Bartender responds: "Oh no my generous friend, that gentleman is my boss and the owner of the bar"
Guy walks into a bar with a brown paper bag and orders a beer. The barman delivers but notices something moving in the bag and asks what's in it. Guy puts his hand in the bag and pulls out a small piano, then a tiny chair and finally a miniature guy in a tuxedo that proceeds to sit down and play.  "That's amazing," says the barman. "Where did you get him?"  Guy pulls a genie's lamp out of his jacket.  "Wow, do you mind if I give it a rub," asks the barman and the guy says to go for it. A vigorous rub and a genie appears.  "I am the genie of the lamp, what is your wish?"  The barman asks for a million bucks!  There's a popping sound at the far end of the bar and a duck appears. Then another and another and another. Suddenly the whole bar starts filling with ducks.  "I think your genie is a bit deaf," says the barman.  "No kidding," says the guy. "Do you really think I wanted a 12 inch pianist?"
A man walks into a library  and asks for a book on suffocation, and the librarian says  "Would you like a bag with that?"
A man in a nice suit walks into a bar The bartender asks him what he would like and the man replies, "whiskey, neat" and has a seat. As the bartender is preparing his drink, the bartender notices that the man's hand suddenly starts shaking violently.  "Don't worry, it's okay" the man replies. "Wanna see something really cool?"  "Sure" replies the bartender.   The man's hand stops shaking and he takes his other hand and starts poking the palm of his hand. The bartender hears his phone go off, so he tells the man to wait and answers the phone.  "Hello? This is The Cellar Bar, how can I help you?"   As the bartender is saying the words, suddenly he hears an echo of his voice coming from the man's hand. He exclaims in wonder and again hears his voice.  "It's a new type of cell phone. It's under the skin and I can answer the phone without ever having to worry about anything. It's pretty fantastic. We are just in a testing phase at my company."  The bartender is about to ask another question when three sketchy looking guys walk into the bar.    "I'll be right back." the man says as he heads towards the restroom.     The sketchy looking guys follow the man into the restroom. A little bit of time goes by and the bartender notices that the sketchy guys are walking out of the bar, but the guy in the expensive suit is no where to be found. More time passes and the bartender begins to worry. He proceeds to go into the restroom. He looks at the urinals and no one is there. He walks past the stalls where he finds the guy in the suit upside down, pants dropped to his feet, and a long piece of toilet paper streaming from his ass onto a roll on the floor.    "Oh my god! What happened? Are you okay?" the bartender asked.    "Yeah, don't worry. It's just a fax."
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
A photon walks into a hotel and orders a room. The bellhop asks, “Can I carry your baggage to your room for you?” The photon says, "No, I'm traveling light."
A duck walks into a bar.... ... jumps up on the bar top and asks, "Do you have any grapes?" Bartender yella  "No! This is a bar you dumb duck. " The duck walks away.  The next day the duck jumps back up on the the bar top and asks, "Do you have any grapes?" Bartender replies,  "No!! Now go away!" The thrid day the same duck jumps on the bar top, but before he can speak the bartender says,  " Before you open your beak, just know this.  If you ask for grapes again,  I will nail your feet to bar!" The duck sits and ponders before he speaks and asks, "Do you have any nails?" The bartender replies "No,  this is a bar.  We do not have any nails. " So the duck asks, "Do you have any grapes?".
A good looking young woman walks into a bar and asks the bar tender for a double entendre So he gives it to her
A bear walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't give beer to bears in bars." The bear replies, "If you don't give me a beer, I'll eat that lady over there."  The bartender says, "Go ahead."  So the bear eats the lady and asks for a beer. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't give beer to bears on drugs."  "What do mean," asks the bear. "I'm not on drugs."  "Yes, you are, that was the bar bitch you ate."
A panda walks into a bar. He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves. The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house. "You owe me money," she says. "For what?" The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute." The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: Has sex for money." The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda. Look it up." She is about to protest when the panda hands her the dictionary. The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary, and it reads, "Panda: Eats bush and leaves.
A man walks into a bar and orders three beers The bartender brings him the three beers, and the man proceeds to alternately sip one, then the other, then the third, until they're gone.  He then orders three more and the bartender says, "Sir, I know you like them cold, so you can start with one, and I'll bring you a fresh one as soon as you're low."  The man says, "You don't understand. I have two brothers, one in Australia and one in the Ireland. We made a vow to each other that every Saturday night, we'd still drink together. So right now, my brothers have three beers, too, and we're drinking together."  The bartender thinks it's a wonderful tradition, and every week he sets up the guy's three beers. Then one week, the man comes in and orders only two. He drinks them and then orders two more. The bartender says sadly, "Knowing your tradition, I'd just like to just say that I'm sorry you've lost a brother."  The man replies, "Oh, my brothers are fine -- I just quit drinking."
A Buzzfeed writer walks into a bar... You won't BELIEVE what they asked for!
A man walks into a bar and orders a drink. Then he notices there are pieces of meat nailed to the ceiling of the bar so he asks the barman what they are for. The barman replies, "If you can jump up and pull one of them down you get free beer all night. If you fail, you have to pay the bar £100. Do you want to have a go?" The man thinks about it for a minute before saying, "Nah, the steaks are too high!"
A skeleton walks into a bar... and orders a beer and a mop
Three conspiracy theories walk into a bar... No way that's a coincidence.
A bear walks into a bar. He says to the bartender, "I'll have a............beer." The bartender responds, "what's with the big pause?" The bear holds up his arms and says, "always had 'em."
Helen Keller walks into a bar, then a table, and some chairs.
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says ‘Why the long face?’  The horse says ‘My wife left me.’
Student walks into professor's office She  says, "I'm just not doing very well in your class.  I was wondering if there was anything I could do to raise my grade?"  The professor looks her up and down and asks, "What are you willing to do to raise your grade?"  "I'd do *anything*," she answers coyly,  playing with her hair.  "Anything?"  "*Anything*!" she repeats with a knowing grin.  "Would you....study?"
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Why the long face?"  The horse says, "I just realized that I'm a metaphysical concept within a fictional narrative and will cease to exist at the end of this sentence."
A Lion walks into a bar The atmosphere is tense
A Sandwich walks into a bar... The bartender said, sorry you can't come here, we don't serve food here
Batman walks into a bar Sits down and tells the bartender "On the rocks." Bartender: "What on the rocks?" Batman: "Nothing" Bartender: "I don't understand Batman, what do you want?" Batman: "Just ice."
A skeleton walks into a bar A skeleton walks into a bar and he asks the bartender  for a beer.  The bartender asks the skeleton if he would like anything else with his beer  The skeleton replies: “yes I would like a mop please”
So a guy walks into a bar So a guy walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a drink. The bartender says that he\`ll give the guy a drink if he can tell him a meta-joke so the guy says; "Okay so a guy walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a drink. The bartender says that he\`ll give the guy a drink if he can tell him a meta-joke so the guy says; "Okay so a guy walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a drink...  So he gave him a drink...  So he gave him a drink...  So he gave him a drink...
An Australian guy walks into a bar with a crocodile under his arm He asks the bartender if he will give him free drinks if he shows he can put his penis inside the crocs mouth for 15 seconds without it getting bit off. The bartender agrees. The guy opens the crocs mouth and puts his penis inside it; the croc gently closes his mouth and after 15 seconds the Australian hits him over the head with a bottle, causing the croc to open his mouth and let the guy withdraw his penis. The bartender starts serving the free drinks to the Australian and then tells everyone in the bar "If anyone else can do that then I will give them free drinks also". There is a pause and then a blonde woman calls out "ok, I will do it but please don't hit me so hard over my head with the bottle"
A panda walks into a bar. He asks the bartender how he can get a little action for the night. The bartender motions to a young woman. She talks to the panda, and they go back to her place. After having sex, the panda abruptly leaves.   The next night, the woman goes to the panda's house.   "You owe me money," she says.   "For what?"   The woman rolls her eyes and explains, "I'm a prostitute."   The panda pulls out a dictionary and looks it up: "Prostitute: *Has sex for money*."   The panda says, "I don't have to pay you. I'm a panda. Look it up."   She is about to protest when the panda hands her the dictionary.   The woman looks up "panda" in the dictionary, and it reads, "Panda: *Eats bush and leaves*.”
3 men walk into a bar, one after the other... You'd think the 3rd one would have ducked
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar. Just a coincidence?
What do you do when you suddenly walk into a tiger and a jaguar? You get in the jaguar and drive off.
A battery and a pair of jumper leads walk into a bar. Battery: three drinks now!  Bartender: I'm not severing you.  Battery: why not!  Bartender: because you and your mates look like you're about to start something.
A priest, a lawyer and a red neck walk into a bar.   The bartender says "is this a fucking joke?"
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar with a roll of tarmac under his arm and says: "Pint please, and one for the road."
A man walks into an ice cream shop... ... and tells the clerk "I want a gallon of Vanilla ice cream, a gallon of Strawberry ice cream, and a gallon of Chocolate ice cream." The clerk replies, "I'm sorry sir, we don't have any Chocolate." "Ok then" the man continues "I want a quart of Vanilla ice cream, a quart of Strawberry ice cream, and a quart of Chocolate ice cream. The clerk replies "Again sir, I'm sorry but we don't any Chocolate." The man then says "Fine, I'll have a pint of Vanilla, a pint of Strawberry, and a pint of Chocolate." The clerk sighs, and pulls out a pen and paper. He proceeds to write Vanilla, Strawberry and Chocolate. He then says to the man "Sir, I don't know how else to explain this to you." He points to Vanilla and asks "Do you see 'van' in Vanilla?" The man responds "Yes I see that." "Do you see 'straw' in Strawberry?" "Of course." "Do you see 'fuck' in Chocolate?" The man then responds "There ain't no fuckin Chocolate!" "That's what I've been trying to tell you!" The clerk proclaims.
3 American Comedy shows walk into a bar and... This punchline is not available in your country.  Sorry about that.
A woman walks into a bar She asks for a double entendre, so the barman gives her one.
A man walks into a bar with his pet monkey. He orders a beer while the monkey starts jumping all over the place. The monkey grabs some olives off the bar and eats them, then he grabs some sliced lemons and eats them. Then the monkey jumps on the pool table , grabs the cue ball, sticks it in his mouth and swallows it whole.  The bartender shouts at the man, "Did you see what your monkey just did?" The man says. "No, what?" "He just ate the damn cue ball." "Yeah, that doesn't surprise me" the man replies. "That monkey eats everything in sight. Don't worry though, I'll pay for everything." The man finishes his drink, pays , and leaves with his monkey.  A week later the man and the monkey walk back into the bar. The man orders a beer and, just like last time, the monkey starts jumping all over the place. The monkey grabs a maraschino cherry off the bar, sticks it up his butt, pulls it out, and eats it. The bartender is disgusted.  "Did you see what your monkey just did?" "No, what?" asks the man. "Your monkey just stuck a maraschino cherry up his butt, then pulled it out and ate it." "Yeah that doesn't surprise me" the man says. "He still eats everything in sight, but ever since he ate your damn cue ball he measures everything first."
A man walks into a bar with his arm covered in asphalt..  ...and says to the bartender, "Gimme a beer, and one for the road"
A vegan, crossfitter, ironman, support main, and a girl with a boyfriend walk into a bar who tells you first?
A man walks into a butcher shop... A man walks into a butcher shop and asks if the butcher has any duck meat.   The butcher says of course he does, but can only give it on a special condition.   "You can only get the duck if you stab yourself with a butcher's knife" the butcher tells the man.  The man was confused and Immediately demands an explanation for the absurd rule.  The butcher simply points to a sign located outside his store and it clearly reads  "No Harm No Fowl" 
A chicken walks into a library A chicken walks into a library and says  "Book, book, book"  The librarian hands the chicken three books and the chicken leave the library. On the way out the chicken run into a frog. The chicken show the frog the books and says  "Book, book, book"  The frog replies  "Reddit, reddit, reddit"
A horse walks into a bar... And the bartender asks "why the long face?"
A man walks into a bar... And stays there my entire childhood. 
A man walks into a bar... Geez, that looks like it hurt.
A man walks into a bank with a branch. He stands in the middle of the room holding his branch in front of himself and shouts, "Freeze! This is a stick-up!"
Two guys walk into a bar... The third one ducks. 
A drunk man walks into a bar. A drunk man, 35 years old, walks into a bar. Stumbling through the bar, he finds a seat and asks the bartender for a whiskey.  The bartender, seeing how drunk he is, is hesitant to serve the man. "How much have you had to drink today?" he asks.  The man responds, "Today's my Anniversary. I had 21 shots of vodka, one for each year I've been married." "No way you've been married 21 years, you look too young!" says the bartender.  "I count in dog years, my wife's a bitch.”
A man walks into a club. There are 3lines in the corner of the room. People would give you 5bucks to hurt you.  There was a kick line.  A slap line.  And a bite line.   But no punch line.
A skinny little white guy gets off work and walks into an elevator A skinny little white guy gets off work and walks into an elevator, looks up and sees this HUGE black guy standing next to him.  The big guy sees the little guy staring at him, looks down and says "6'8" tall, 250 pounds, 8 inch penis, 3 pound left testicle, 3 pound right testicle (I didn't pee today), Turner Brown."  The little guy faints and falls to the floor.  The big guy kneels down and brings him to, shaking him. The big guy says, "What's wrong with you?"  In a weak voice the little guy says, "What EXACTLY did you say to me? "  The big dude says, "I saw your curious look and figured I'd just give you the answers to the questions everyone always asks me.  I'm 6'8" tall, I weigh 250 pounds, I have a 8 inch penis, my left testicle weighs 3 pounds, my right testicle weighs 3 pounds because I didn't pee today, and my name is Turner Brown."  The small guy says, "oh thank God, I thought you said turn around."
A man walks into a public restroom ... and finds another man staring down into the urinal trough. The first man steps up for a look and sees a $1 bill laying piss-soaked in the bottom of the urinal.   The two men lock eyes for a moment of mutual understanding. Then the first man reaches into his pocket, pulls out a $20 bill and throws it into the urinal.   The second man is like WTF did you do that for? You didn't think I was reaching in there just for a dollar did ya? The first man replied. 
A guy walks into a bar and yells out "ALL LAWYERS ARE ASSHOLES!" A guy in the bar stood up and said "HEY! I TAKE OFFENSE TO THAT!" What are you a lawyer or something?! "No I'm an asshole."
A grizzly bear walks into a bar Bartender: What can I get you?  Bear: How about a rum and........ coke?  Bartender: Sure thing, but uh, why the large pause?   Bear: Hm, I don’t know, guess I was just born with them. 
A chicken walks into the library... A chicken walks into the library. It goes up to the circulation desk and says: "book, bok, bok, boook". The librarian hands the chicken a book. It tucks it under his wing and runs out. A while later, the chicken runs back in, throws the first book into the return bin and goes back to the librarian saying: "book, bok, bok, bok, boook". Again the librarian gives it a book, and the chicken runs out. The librarian shakes her head. Within a few minutes, the chicken is back, returns the book and starts all over again: "boook, book, bok bok boook". The librarian gives him yet a third book, but this time as the chicken is running out the door, she follows it. The chicken runs down the street, through the park and down to the riverbank. There, sitting on a lily pad is a big, green frog. The chicken holds up the book and shows it to the frog, saying: "Book, bok, bok, boook". The frog blinks, and croaks: “Reddit, Reddit, Reddit”.
A man walks into a bar and notices a live band is playing... A man walks into a bar and notices a live band is playing. After watching them for a bit he leans over to the bartender and says, "Hey, these guys are pretty good, but I can't help noticing the drummer keeps swinging at air with his drumsticks. Why is he doing that?"  The bartender responds "Yeah, I asked him about that and he said one of his cymbals was run over by their the van, but he's practiced with it so much he can't stop trying to play it....  So I guess you could say it's kind of a cymbal lick gesture."
A string walks into a bar One fine fall day, a String is walking down Spruce street.  The string walks this route all the time home from his factory job. See, the String works at Sanchez Aluminum over in Harleysville. He's actually part of the safety team and spends most of his time is the windowed office overseeing the factory floor - keeping an eye on safety for the other workers who work the smelter. Oddly enough Sanchez Aluminum does not have an OSHA representative on site, but the String has not had any major accidents in his entire 15 year tenure as on the Safety Team. This has earned him multiple "Employee of the Month" accolades - each of which gets noted in his Human Resources file. Apparently being a String gives him the ability to lean in ways that gives him extra visibility that other's don't. To be entirely honest, it is probably one of the best employees Sanches Aluminum has ever had. He's been in this role for a while, and really seems to enjoy it. Pay is good, and the benefits are surprisingly good for him and his family.  The String is married to another string (he's Cotton and his wife is a woven Nylon) and they have two kids - both blends, and a Black Labrador puppy. Most people who have 3yo dogs no longer call them puppies, but if you have ever owned a Lab, you know they are puppies until 5 years - at least. Great dogs. Really great temperament. Great with kids. Eat anything they can get in their mouths. Pretty useless as a guard dog. I'm sure if their String-home was broken in to, the dog would just show up with a tennis ball in his mouth, wagging his tail. But, they got the puppy as a member of the family, and not as a guard dog after all. So, it all works out.  Anyway, He's minding his own business - as always - staying on the sidewalk, keeping aware not to bump in to anyone. Given the political climate in Harleysville as of late have been a little strained. Not that it is unsafe to raise kids - but people keep to themselves and everyone is happy. As he rounds the corner and turns off of Spruce on to Connecticut Avenue and heads North, he passes "Raising the Bar". That's the new place opposite of the local hardware store, and next to Phillip's Diner. Raising the Bar has done a nice job of providing both a place for the factory workers to gather after a hard day, and a place to stop by with friends and just talk. It really isn't your typical dive bar and the owner, Mike? (or Marty, or Matty? Matt... maybe?) Honestly I can't remember which, but it is definitely a "M" name. Anyway, Matt has done a great job of keeping the place well lit and he's put a few high top tables near the front. His wife June opted to put in a little kitchen for your standard bar fare. Wings, Nachos, and things of that level. So, June and Matt (It is definitely Matt) have this nice little place and business is pretty good. They have a few sidewalk tables they put out in the Spring and Summer where people can grab a bite to eat and a drink or two. In fact, the String and his family have brought their pup along when it was almost brand new.  So, the String is walking past "Raising the Bar" after turning off Spruce and thinks to himself, "you know, it's been a hard week, I'm going to grab myself a drink and just soak in the world. I deserve it." He decided to sit down on one of the sidewalk tables. Fall has already begun and there were a few leaves on the chair - but he just brushes them off and makes himself comfortable while reading the "On Tap" table card. For whatever reason, he's started to be fond of Hefeweizen / Wheat beers recently. Perhaps it is the cool weather, or maybe just time for a change, but he decided on a nice Widmer Hefe. He sits patiently, looking over the menu card - contemplating the Chicken Nachos or perhaps a plate of fried cheese. I think most of us enjoy the occasional fried cheese - but lets be honest, about halfway in to the second one you realize - you have have just had too much cheese and wish you would have opted for the other choice.  The wind picks up a little, blowing down Connecticut as it does, and the String gets a little chill. Half excited by the onset of full Fall, he decides to go inside. Don't want to catch a cold or anything this early in the Fall. His job has great benefits as I mentioned before, but you don't get to the Supervisor role by spending your time at home sick. So, he heads towards the entrance. On the way in, he sees a sign on the door, that he can just barely read, when the door opens and a man and woman start coming out. He, like any good String would do, steps aside and holds the door for the exiting patrons. The woman starts to say "Thank You", and then quickly breaks off and looks away rather abruptly. The man, steps in front of the woman and glares back at the String. The String, taken back a bit by the exchange lets go of the door and eases back a little. The Man says, rather rudely, "We got it!" and continues to exit "Raising the Bar" and turns right on Connecticut towards Spruce. The String, thrown a little, watches them leave and just assume it was a bad day, or perhaps they were mid-argument. Either way, he was starting to get hungry for those Chicken Nachos. Turning back around, reaching for the handle of the door, which is now almost fully closed, he reads the handwritten paper sign no the door, "No Strings Inside".  "What!??", the String thinks. How could this be? Since when did Harleysville start acting this way. Yea, politic have gotten a little ugly recently, by how is this the String fault? How is this at all related to String-kind? Perhaps it is just a goof, and the sign was placed there by some smart-assed kids. It looks like it was hastily written with a Sharpie on the back of another flyer. He grabs it with his right hand and tears it down as he walks in - crumpling it as he goes.  Raising the Bar is rather crowded for this time of day, but he supposed it is 6pm and people are probably thinking the same thing on their way home from work. A few guys at the door give him a look as he comes in, and the murmuring dulls noticeably. "Hey everyone... how's it going?" says the String. Almost everyone turns away. Honestly the String has never felt this kind of response... ever. He sees June behind the counter pulling a beer for a patron, and he starts to head over to the counter. A few others part and give him some room as he approaches and he says, "Hey, can I get an order of Chicken Nachos and a Heff, please? I was going to sit out on your lovely sidewalk tables, but the night is starting to chill a little and figured I'd just enjoy it in here." As always, he does this with a kind smile. June won't make eye contact, and seems to be rather nervous. Matt comes over, and taps her on the shoulder gently and takes the beer mug from her hands to finish the pour. June seems to be a little misty-eyed and getting a red in the face as she walks towards the other end of the counter.  "Hey man, you can wait outside if you want, but we can't have you in here.", says Matt.  Taken back a bit, the String says "What? I can't be in here? I'm just looking for beer and some nachos. What's going on?".  Matt says, this time, with a little more force in his voice, "Look, we put the sign up - we don't want to make anybody uncomfortable in here - head on out, and I'll be there in a few minutes, ok Bud?"  Now the String is getting a little agitated - he's heard about this kind of thing, but never expected to have to deal with it in Harleysville... especially at Raising the Bar. Hell, he and his family been here a few months ago and they were treated fine. Granted, he's never been inside - but who cares - it's a free country right? "Matt, I'm not sure what you are talking about here... but I really don't like how I'm being treated here. I'm not really in the mood to argue with anybody... I just want a beer and and a bite. Is that going to be a problem?!"  "Listen, String, this doesn't have to be a big deal. Just sit outside and I'll be out in a bit." Matt says in a very condescending tone, "Just take it easy and we will get to you when we can."  "No, you know what, I don't think I will. I'm going to go over to Phillip's and get something there. I'm not sure what's happening here, but I really don't appreciate they way I'm being treated!", says the String.  "Hit the bricks, String", from some un-named patron far down at the other end of the bar. The String looks over quickly to see who would dare say such an offensive thing, but the lights are low and it is hard to see with the "Miller High Life" neon sign changing the colors a bit - it is too hard to tell.  "Whatever, I'm out.", barks the String as he turns to the door and walks out. Halfway out he realizes he still holding the crumpled up paper sign, and turns that throws it at the floor near the counter in disgust. "This is your garbage!", and he closes the door a little harder than needed.  Standing on the sidewalk the String has adrenaline pumping through his body as a result of the tensions. Taking a breath, trying to calm down a little as he decides wha to do next. He's lost his appetite, and is in no mood to enjoy the cool Fall nigh, he decided to head home. All the way down Connecticut he's replaying the conversation in his head. Of course now he's got ton's of things to say. Retorts are popping up left and right. "You take it easy!" and "I'll hit you with a brick, jerk!". The String walks the rest of the way home - by the time he makes it to his street, he's feeling better. Cool Fall air does relax him, and when he sees his pup wagging his tail in the front window anticipating his arrival - he has pretty much pushed that mess out of his mind.  A few weeks later, on a surprisingly and unseasonably warm day, the String finds himself walking past "Raising the Bar" again after a really hard day and decides to give it another go. Tough days call for a cool glass of beer, right? Let bye-gones be bye-gones, and he crosses Connecticut and reaches for the door handle. He makes note that there are no rude and offensive signs on the door, and pops right in. This time, he proudly walks up to the bar and says to Matt, who is tending this end, while June is sitting on a stool at the other end chatting away with friends.  "Gimme a pint of your finest, sir.", says the String in a comically British accent. Why not start the evening out with a bit of humor, right?  Matt glances up from his work and stares directly into the String's eyes and says "Listen... STRING... I told you once, don't come in here. We don't want you in here."  "Are you kidding me? What the hell is wrong with you, man? I thought you were just having a bad time last week... but now, you are acting like a real ass!" responds the String. He can feel himself turning red with anger. 0-60, but what are you supposed to do when confronted with this kind of thing.  "I'm not going to tell you again... No String!", barks Matt. Making a quarter turn to point to a blue metal sign with "NO STRING" printed in bold, white lettering 4 inches high - mounted above the cash register. "No string, see, N. O. S. T. R. I. N. G. Or can't you Strings read?" responds, Matt in an incredibly rude tone.  "What the hell is wrong with you Dude? This is such a dick move! I don't understand what the hell is going on here!" says the String, almost at full boil.  "I really don't care what you understand or don't understand, STRING! This is a private establishment, and I can decide who or what I will allow in to my place of business. If I don't want Strings in here, the there are no Strings allowed in here. So take your stringy-ass out of my place of business and don't come back again. Show up again, and I'm calling the cops! We clear?" Matt yells. By this time, Matt is leaning over the bar jabbing his finger into the String in a really aggressive way.  "Screw this, screw you, and everyone in here. This is offensive an I might just call the ACLU and file a complaint! Doesn't look so clean in here either, maybe a call to the Health Department, huh? How about that?! Why don't I get the Health Inspector down here and have them do little surprise inspection on this rat-hole of a bar? Up to code?", responds the String. Grasping at something to threaten with. Truth is, this place is pretty nice and it is an idle thread, but Matt doesn't have to know that. The String is so pissed, anything to get back at this place that is within his reach - he's going to do it. "I don't want a beer, I don't even want to be here!", screams the String.  The String turns, and swipes his arm across the counter top, pushing a bowl of peanuts to the floor, making a mess.  "To hell with you, and your stupid bar!", yells the String. "I hope everyone in here gets sick from your stupid peanuts!"  One more sweep across the counter top and the String pushes over the bar set containing Maraschino cherries, sliced lemons, limes and straws for making drinks. The juices spill all over the counter top and on to the floor. Red juice dribbles down the bar on to some patrons laps causing people to stand up and step back. Clearly this has escalated too far, and the String recognizes that he's acted really poorly and made a bad situation worse than it needed to be. He grabs a messy handful of bar napkins and stops the red juice stream from getting everywhere.  "STOP! Leave it be! Just get out!", yells June who is now along side of Matt. "Just leave! We don't want your kind in here!".  "Fine!", retorts the String, throwing the sticky, messy handful of napkins into Matt's chest, leaving a pink, sticky mess on his white shirt. He turns and hustles out of the bar. Clearly he's gone over the line, and getting out now would be the best course of action. He slams in to the door with his hip, sending the door all the way open until the metal automatic door closing arm catches it right before it slams in to the back wall. The door hits with such force, the String is surprised (and actually quite thankful) that it didn't shatter. He turns and just heads out on to the street. He's unable to really make out the yelling of insults from the bar as the door slowly closes - but it is clearly more rude comments.  Both hurt and angry, the String turns towards home and begins his walk. Two doors down the String passed an old, abandoned store front, catches his own reflection in the window, and stops in his tracks. An idea races into his mind and he gets an idea.  "I'm not going to get run our of a bar like that... what would my family think of me if I just turned tail and ran! I'm better than that. And I'm going to have myself a god-damned beer - who cares what those idiots think!", says the String. Realizing that he's talking to his own reflection, he blushes a little, but feels a sense of accomplishment and determination and the idea takes hold.  The string takes off his light Jacket, folds it in thirds, and places it on the top step to the abandoned store's entrance area. Then, he takes off his necktie, and dress shirt - folding them gently just as he did with his jacket. He places his work bag on top of the pile and faces the semi-reflective store window.  Seeing his own reflection, he stretches and nimbly bends himself down and and around. Bending him self in a 360º loop at the middle. Then, ever so nimbly he works his head into the loop and twists himself around and tries to straighten himself. A little giggle passes the String's lips and his plan begins to take shape.  Then, rather awkwardly, the String reaches into his right front pocket and takes out a pocket knife. One that he uses primarily as a money clip that he got from his kids the previous Father's day. You may be familiar with the style, a small Swiss Army knife with a pair of (poor) folding scissors, a nail file, and a small pen-knife blade all with a metal clip on one side. On the reverse side, his family etched a nice "We love you, Dad!". Seeing the engraved statement makes him feel a little better. Opening the pen knife's blade, he proceeds to repeatedly poke the blade through the top of his head, just above the forehead and starts shredding the top end of his String head. Over and over he works apart the tightly woven threads, loosening them substantially. Each time he frees up 4-6 inches of threads they flop back down into his eyes. Small pieces fall to the ground around his feet as he continues. Gusts of cool Fall breeze scatter these loose threads with the leaves that are gently blowing by.  Once complete, he folds back his pen knife / money clip and walks over to his work bag. Opening the leather strip and buckle, he pulls back the flap and places the money clip into the front right pouch along with his work ID and a few old and no longer sticky Post-It notes. Then, digging though layers old manilla folders, loose papers and printed safety regulations, the String finds his old black plastic comb. It is missing a few teeth on one side, but is more or less completely adequate for his intended purpose. Of course, he has to clean off some grime and gunk that has accumulated over the years. Thinking to himself that he really needs to clean out this bag at some point.  Then, in a move which reminds him of the old Vidal Sassoon commercials he saw as a kid, he proceeds to comb his now-loose threads. This way, and that. Frontwards and backwards. Over and over. Teasing his threads until it is pretty much a tangled up mess. Absent mindedly he tosses the comb back in to the large pouch of his work bag. Using his left foot, he kicks the flap closed, and then stands in front of the shop window to admire his work. Then, he turns back towards the bar and starts to walk. Playing the upcoming situation over and over in his head, he reached down and grabs his pair of lightly scratched mirrored sunglasses he keeps in the outer pocket of his bag, and places them on the bridge of his nose. They are a little bent and more that a little scratched than he'd like - but what could he expect - they are kept loose in a work bag. Not really how you treat glasses you want to keep nice and sharp looking.  He then makes a direct path to the bar. Wearing the sunglasses may have been a mistake given the fact that it was already getting dark out, but he decides to keep them on to help with his plan. Then, taking a few seconds to center himself with a few deep breaths, the String, reaches up with his right hand, and yanks open the door and proudly walks in. Walking deliberately to stand in exactly where he stood during the previous confrontation. Standing there, twisted around, strands at the top of his head gently wafting back and forth under the large ceiling fan above him. His mirrored sunglasses reflecting the ceiling lights just over head.  Every single patron stops talking, and heads turn to face the String.  Matt, who was facing the bottles on the back wall turns around with a look of bewilderment, and says, "Uh, hey Mac... weren't you just here? Didn't I tell you that we don't serve String in this bar?"  "Nope...", says the String knowingly lying to the bartender.  "I'm pretty sure that was you. You are definitely a String." interrupts, June, who is now standing directly next to her husband, Matt. "You sure you're not a String?"  "Nope...", says the String. "...frayed knot".
A beautiful lady walks into a bar. A very beautiful lady walks into a bar.   She calls up the bartender and asks for a tequila. The bartender gives her the drink, she drinks it very fast, gets drunk and makes love with everyone at the bar.  &amp;#x200B;  The next day she walks into the same bar. She calls up the bartender and asks for a tequila. The bartender gives her the drink, she drinks it very fast, gets drunk and makes love with everyone at the bar.  &amp;#x200B;  The next day she walks into the same bar. She calls up the bartender and asks for a whisky.  &amp;#x200B;  "Why not tequila again?", asks the puzzled bartender.  &amp;#x200B;  "I am not sure with that tequila. I am having a pussy pain in the morning."
A rabbi, a blind priest, a German, Putin, a chemist, two goldfish, a janitor, a lawyer, Donald Duck and a clown walk into a bar. The bartender goes: "Oh boy, I can't wait for *this* punchline!"
A man walks into a therapists office... A man walks into a therapist’s office, he looks like he hasn’t slept in days.    The therapist asks “What’s wrong?”    The man murmurs “I was there.”  “Where?  What do you mean?”  “When the twin towers collapsed, I was there.  I-I saw it all.”  “My god... I am so sorry.”  “I was there when those great buildings fell to the ground.  When people jumped from the roof tops to try and save them selves.  I saw firefighters being absorbed by smoke, lost to black darkness.  And you know the worst part of it is?”  “What?”  “You see I own a crematorium, and I just can’t help but think I’m losing business.”
Guy walks into a bar Sits down and asks the bartender for a rum and coke the bartender says ok and gives him an apple the man obviously confused looks at the bartender and says what the fuck is this I ordered a drink not an apple the bartender says just try it so he takes a bite out of the apple and to his surprise it tastes just like rum the bartender says now turn it around so he does takes a bite and says wow this tastes just like coke!! The second guy walks into the bar sits down and says let me get a gin and tonic the bartender hands him an apple he looks as puzzled as the first but before he can say anything he first guy says just try it so he takes a bite and is amazed that it tastes like gin they tell him to turn it around and take a bite he does and is amazed that it tastes like tonic the third guy walks in the bar sits down and tell the bartender he dosnt know what to drink the first two guys tell him that the bartender has an apple for any flavor so he looks at the bartender and says do you have one that’s pussy flavored the bartender says do I have one that’s pussy flavored?? Reaches down grabs an apple and places it in front of the man he looks at for a minute then takes a bite immediately spits it out and yells THIS TASTES LIKE SHIT!! They all look at him and say turn it around
A pirate walks into a bar, with a wooden leg, a hook on his arm and an eye patch... The Bartender looks at him and says " My god man, what happened to you?"  The pirate replies, " Well I'm a pirate. One day I did something wrong and they made me walk the plank. Before I could get out, a shark bit my leg off. Now I have to have a wooden leg."  Bartender asks, "what about your hand?"  Pirate says, " Swordfight, another pirate cut my hand off and now I have to wear a hook".  Bartender asks, "And your eye?"  "Seagull shit in it."  Bartender asks, "You lost your eye because a seagull shit in it?"  &amp;#x200B;  Pirate replies, "It was my first day with the hook!"  &amp;#x200B;  EDIT: sorry about the awkward comma in the title.
A blind man walks into a bar... ...then a table...then a wall.
Tyrion Lannister walks into a bar with an ass and a honey comb He sits down on the bar and the bartender asks him whats up.  "My wife found a genie in a bottle and he gave her 3 wishes. Her first wish was a house fit for a queen, so he gave her this honeycomb. Her second wish was to get a nice ass, hence the ass..."  "And what about the third wish?"  "She wished my dick reached down to my knees"  "And how is that bad?"  "I used to be 6 foot tall"
An old man walks into a bar and slams a bag of gold coins down, addresses the customers by saying, "I'll give this entire bag of coins to any man here able to drink 10 pints in 2 minutes'"  Nobody takes him up on the offer but he notices an Irishman getting up and leaving.   A few minutes later the Irishman is back and says to him, "Is yer wager still applicable"  The old man tells him it is and the bartender sets 10 pints of ale on the bar.   In a minute and a half flat the Irishman is done and the old man hands him the bag of money.   "Just one thing sir", the Old man says, " I noticed you leaving the pub earlier when I introduced my proposal".  "Aye ye did ser," says the Irishman, "I went next door to see if I could do it first".
A man walks into a bar and notices a live band is playing... After watching them for a bit he leans over to the bartender and says, "Hey, these guys are pretty good, but I can't help noticing the drummer keeps swinging at air with his sticks. Why is he doing that?"  The bartender responds "Yeah, I asked him about that. Apparently his favorite cymbal, that his now deceased father gave to him and on which he learned to play all his best licks, was accidently run over by their van the other day. He can't bring himself to play with a new one yet, but can't stop trying to play the old one when he gets to those parts."  "Oh" said the man, "so it's just a cymbal lick gesture."
Kermit the frog walks into a bank He walks straight to the tellers window and talks with the first one available. It was a woman named Patricia. Patricia Wack was her full name, to be exact. He promptly informs her that he is seeking a $10,000 dollar loan from the bank and came to drop off some collateral, and proceeds to pull a snow globe out of his coat pocket. They exchanged some confused looks At each-other, Patricia wondering who in the hell would bring a snow globe in as collateral for a $10,000 dollar loan, and Kermit frankly baffled that the snow globe wouldn’t be satisfactory.  After some words went back and forth between the two, the manager noticed the situation and came over to intervene. Upon examining the snow globe for a few seconds, he looks over to Patricia and says “It’s a knick knack, Patty Wack! Give the frog a loan.”
A duck walks into a bar... He sits at the bar and requests 'A pint of beer and a pork pie please'  The barman is aghast. A talking duck! 'Wow, where did you come from?' he asks.  'I work across the road at the building site' replies the duck annoyed. He ruffles his newspaper and begins to read. The barman is in shock but lets him continue uninterrupted. The duck eats his food, pays and leaves.  All week the duck comes in and orders the same pint and a pork pie. The barman is amazed, but can't bring himself to interrupt the duck during his meal.  Saturday rolls by and the duck doesn't come in - obviously not working at the building site on the weekend. However, the circus is in town and in walks the circus ringmaster for a pint.   The barman says to the ringmaster 'you won't believe what I've seen this week, a talking duck!'  'Wow! That's incredible' says the ringmaster.  'Yeah, he walks in every lunchtime for a pork pie and a pint - it's amazing'  'That is amazing' agrees the ringmaster. He hands the barman his card and says 'tell him to get in touch with me, I could have some work for a talking duck!'  So Monday rolls round as as expected, in walks the duck - who orders his pork pie and a pint as usual.   The barman sheepishly picks up the card and says 'sorry to disturb you, but a circus ringmaster walked in the other day and I mentioned you've been in all last week. He told me to give you this, he might have some work for you.'  The duck looks confused and studies the card perplexed.  'So, the circus?' says the duck.  'Yeah, he came in on Saturday' says the barman.  'Where they all live in tents, with a big top and it's all made of canvas?'  'Yeah, that's right'  'Where all the humans walk free, and the animals live in cages?'  'I guess so... yeah'  The duck studies the card intently and pulls a face.  'What do they want a plasterer for?'
So your momma walks into a bar the bar breaks upon impact
A hunter walks into a bar A big game hunter walked into a bar and was bragging to everyone about his hunting skills. He claimed that they could blindfold him and he would recognize any animal's skin from its feel, and if he could locate the bullet hole he would even tell them the calibre.  The other patrons thought he was blowing smoke and decided to make a bet... if he won they would buy him a drink, if he lost he owed the whole bar a round. They blindfolded him and took him to his first animal skin. After feeling it for a few moments, he announced "Bear." Then he felt the bullet hole and declared, "Shot with a .308 rifle." He was right. They brought him another skin, one that someone had in their car trunk. He took a bit longer this time and then said, "Elk, Shot with a 7mm mag rifle. He was right again. Through the night, he proved his skills again and again, every time against a round of drinks. Finally he staggered home, drunk out of his mind,and went to sleep.  The next morning he woke up with a headache and a black eye. He said to his wife, "I know I was drunk last night, but not drunk enough to get in a fight. Where did I get this black eye?"  His wife angrily replied, "I gave it to you. You got into bed and put your hand down my panties. Then you fiddled around a bit and loudly announced, "Skunk, killed with an axe."
A man walks into a bank.. "I want to open a Fucking Bank account" the teller says "Sir, I can help you just please refrain from speaking to me that way or I'll have to call the manager" He says "Just open the bank account, bitch". The teller calls over her manager and he asks the customer "what seems to be the problem" The customer says "I want to open a fucking bank account for 10 million dollars" The manager says "Is this cunt giving you a problem?"
A dyslexic man walks into a bank to rob it and says: "air in the hands mothersticker, this is a fuck up".  (A mate told me this one).
A man walks into a Halloween party wearing nothing but his underpants and has a woman stuck on his back His friends see him and ask "What are you supposed to be?"  "A turtle" the man replied  "What? How is that a turtle? and why is there a woman on your back? the friends ask  "Oh, thats just Michelle"
A proton walks into a bar and asks for a drink. The bartender doesn't hear or see it because it's a proton.
A priest walks into an insurance office Priest: "Can you insure against acts of God?"  Underwriter: "... As long as there's no children involved."
Metroid and Zelda walk into a bar The bartender says “that’s not their name”
Bob Mueller walks into a bar. BARTENDER: "What'll you have?" MUELLER: "Just Ice."
A farmer walks into his kitchen with a duck under his arm He looks at his wife and says, "This is the pig I've been sleeping with."  His wife says, "That's not a pig, you moron!"  The farmer says, "I wasn't talking to you."
A Redditor walks into a bar. The bartender says, "what'll you have?"  "It's been so long since I've had a good laugh," replies the redditor. "I'll give you $100 if you can tell me a joke I haven't heard before."  "That sounds easy enough," replies the bartender.  "I should warn you," the redditor says, "I browse /r/jokes so I've heard them all over and over and over again".  Curious, the bartender pulls out his phone and browses /r/jokes for a few minutes.  "How about this?" he asks. "A man is driving through a remote forested area at night when his car breaks down next to an old monastery..."  "Heard it," interrupts the redditor. "It's reposted every month."  The bartender apologies and starts scrolling on his phone for a few more minutes.  "Ooh, here we go, so why did the orangutan cross the road.. "  "Heard it!!" the redditor snaps. "That's reposted every week!"  The bartender is flustered but tries again, furiously browsing the subreddit. "Aha! This one is sure to impress.. What is Donald Trumps favorite nation? "  "No, no, no!!!" the redditor cries out. "That joke is reposted every day!"  "OK, OK, please give me one more try," the bartender pleads. He scrolls furiously through his phone. "Nope... nope... nope... YES!! This is a great one!"  "OK, lay it on me," the redditor asks eagerly.  "Here it is," the bartender replies. "So a redditor walks into a bar..."  "This joke is also a repost."
A duck walks into a chiropractor‘s office „I‘d like to get my bones quacked.“
Scouser walks into a job centre.. Scouser: I'm looking for a job.   Advisor: Well you've certainly walked in at the right moment - I have the perfect position that's just become available!  Scouser: Ideal - Tell me more!  Advisor: This position involves you driving sexy ladies around in super cars whilst visiting only the best establishments while attending high-brow evenings with only the rich and famous. You get to stay with the ladies in the evening - sleep with them if you like -  and take the car home with you. They pay for your clothes and drinks all night.  It pays incredibly well. In fact it pays 100k per year!! I'm actually excited for you!!  Scouser: YOU'RE FUCKING KIDDING ME!!  Advisor: Yes I am - But you fucking started it!
A frog walks into a bank He approaches the teller. He can see from her nameplate that her name is Patty Whack.  "Miss Whack, I'd like to get a $30,000 loan to take a holiday."  Patty looks at the frog in disbelief and asks his name. The frog says his name is Kermit Jagger, his dad is Mick Jagger, and that it's okay, he knows the bank manager.  Patty explains that he will need to secure the loan with some collateral.  The frog says, "Sure. I have this," and produces a tiny porcelain elephant, about an inch tall, bright pink and perfectly formed.  Very confused, Patty explains that she'll have to consult with the bank manager and disappears into a back office.  She finds the manager and says, "There's a frog called Kermit Jagger out there who claims to know you and wants to borrow $30,000, and he wants to use this as collateral." She holds up the tiny pink elephant. "I mean, what in the world is this?"  The bank manager looks back at her and says, "It's a knickknack, Patty Whack. Give the frog  loan. His old man's a Rolling Stone."
A man walks into a bar with a large reptile on his shoulder. The bartender see this and asks him what his lizards name is. The man replies, “His name is tiny.” Confused, the bartender asks why he named the lizard tiny when he is obviously not tiny. “Because he’s my newt.”
Three men walk into a bar... They sit together at a table. The first man proudly announces, "I have the world's smallest arms!"  The second man then announces, "I have the world's smallest head!"  The third man says, "I have the world's smallest penis!"  They decide to send their record sizes to the Guinness World Records.  &amp;#x200B;  A few weeks later, the three men meet at the bar again. The first man says, "YES! I HAVE THE WORLD'S SMALLEST ARMS!" The second man goes, "YES! I HAVE THE WORLD'S SMALLEST HEAD!" The third man is sitting there, quietly crying. He looks up, and says,  &amp;#x200B;  "Who the fuck is u/NebbyGoesPew ?"
Guy walks into a bar And then he says “ouch! who put that there”?
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender asks; "Why the long face?"  A few local barflies laughed into their glasses, hunched over like a waning reed in the wind, rosy cheeked and bleary eyed.  The horse walked up the bar and awkwardly sat down on a stool which creaked loudly under their weight.  "I'll tell you why" the horse said in a perfect English accent, low and gravelly as if marked by years of smoking.  "There were days when all I concerned myself with was the pursuit of carrots and the occasional sugar cube. I was a stallion, a stud used for breeding but I had one love who I shared all of my time with, galloping across the field".  The bartender froze in place, rag solid inside the glass he was cleaning. The barflies instantly sobered up in the presence of a genuine talking equidae.  The horse looked around and shook his head with a weary smirk. "That's right, I can talk" he said. "I had a human girl who loved me very much and gave me my name. She called me Horace". He shook his head and laughed. "Horace the horse. Jesus, I only understand how stupid that sounds now I can... well... now I can understand".  A couple took out their phones and began to record. Another left in fear. The rest looked on aghast.  "Do you know what happens to a horse farm when they go bankrupt?" Horace asked, bitterness in his voice. "Because I do".  He looked down at the empty bar in front of him. His hoof stomped down. "Absinthe, now. And don't you dare try to fuck me on the sugar cube". The barman hurriedly prepared the drink. "Now, where was I?" he asked as a glass tumbler landed in front of him.  "The farm shut down because we weren't creating enough foals. They wanted to replace me, but the owners daughter loved me so much they couldn't let me go, but they couldn't afford to buy a new stud. They thought something was wrong with me because I wouldn't mate with the other female horses but they were wrong".  Horace looked at the glass and placed a hoof on either side. "There was nothing wrong with me" he said morosely. "I was in love".  He lifted the glass for a moment before it slipped between his hooves and smashed on the floor. He began to cry.  "Jesus fucking christ, I was in love!"  The bartender looked around. The bar was silent. He asked softly; "Wh... what happened to her?"  "They took her to a fucking slaughter house! They took all of them to a fucking slaughter house and now she is either being gnawed on by a rabid fucking dog or being used to glue together young adult novels or some other pointless bullshit".  "My god..." the bartender lamented. "But you... what about you?"  "Me?" Horace replied, eyes staring at the broken glass. "I was bought by a lab and experimented on" he said. "I don't know to what end, but when they were done I was given this curse of sentience... of awareness".  Horace looked up, eyes red. "Every morning I awake aware that I should not be, but also with the biological fear that I don't want to die. I am aware of my own mortality and that I am the only talking horse in the entire goddamn universe". His voice grew hoarse. "Do you know what I used to think about? Huh?! Do you?! I used to think about waking up and eating hay. Fucking hay".  "I... I had no idea that companies were allowed to do that to animals" the bartender said, looking down and shaking his head in sympathetic sorrow.  "They aren't" Horace replied. "That's why they got shut down and they released me into the wild to cover their arses. And now I'm here, telling my stories to strangers who could never even start to understand".  The bar fell silent for a moment. The bartender approached Horace and reassuringly stroked his nose.  "Look mate, I can't say I've been there, but I can say that alcohol isn't the answer". He poured a glass of water and placed a straw inside, placing it in front of Horace with a warm smile.  Horace shook his head, eyes closed and got up from the stool, moving towards the door.  "Haven't you heard?" Horace asked back into the room, door open. "You can lead a horse to water, but you cannot make him drink".
A hillbilly walks into a bar and sees two ladies at the table "Can I buy you gals a round of beers?" he asks..  "Nah, you'd be wasting your time with us..." says one  "What do you mean?" he asks  "We're lesbians" she answers  "Lesbians?? What are those?"  "Well, we like.... women" she explains  The guy raises his hand and shouts to the barman:" Hey, bring three beers for us three lesbians!"...
A man walks into a bar in Vegas. He has a parrot with him. This parrot is wholly remarkable; it is fluent in Spanish, French and English. So, being a betting man- they're all betting men down in Vegas -he goes up to the bartender and tells him, "I'll bet you this here bird can speak Spanish."  The bartender knows this type, and slams his hand down on the counter with a $10 bill. "You're on! Let's see it."  So the man turned to the bird and asks, "Hablas Espanol?"  The bird is silent as a stone.  "Well, watch this, then, he can speak French too. Parlez-vous Francais?"  The parrot remains silent. The man is sweating through his jacket, and the bartender is chuckling derisively. "Hand over the cash, sir, and have a nice night."  As he walks dejectedly out of the bar, the man turns to the parrot. "You jerk!", he cries. "You cost me ten bucks!"  The parrot, taken aback, ruffles his feathers arrogantly. "Cost you? Buddy, I just made you a fortune! Think of the odds you can get there tomorrow!"
A man walks into a bar. The bartender greets him and says, For 5 bucks, I’ll show you something amazing... The man agrees and hands over his 5 bucks.  The bartender pulls out a small piano and a guy who is only about a foot tall. The guy sits down and plays an amazing tune on the piano.  “Wow he’s amazing. Where did you get him!?!”  He bartender replied, “There is a genie on the corner, he’ll grant you one wish.”  The guy leaves the bar, finds the genie and says, “I want a million bucks!”  All of a sudden ducks start falling out of the sky.  The guy runs back to the bar to escape all the ducks and asks, “What’s wrong with that genie? I asked for a million bucks, and ducks started falling out of the sky!”  The bartender shakes his head and says, “He’s hard of hearing. Do you seriously think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?”
A fat lady walks into a bar. She raise her arm showing off her hairy armpits and says “ Who wants to buy this nice lady a drink?” A drunk guy in the back says “I will, I’ll buy the ballerina a drink.”  This goes on a few more times. “ Who wants to buy this nice lady a drink?”  “I will, I’ll buy the ballerina a drink.”  The drunk guy tells the bartender how nice the ballerina looks. The bartender replies “ Look, I appreciate you buying the lady drinks, it’s good for business. But I must ask, why do you call her a ballerina?”   The man replies “ I figured anybody who could raise their leg that high must be a ballerina.”
Guy walks into a bar... So, this guy walks into a bar with 2 Bananas in his ears. Bartender says "Hey buddy, whats up with the Bananas?" Guy says "What?"
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first one asks for a pint. The second one asks for half a pint. The third one asks for quarter a pint and so on. When the fourth one asks for 1/8th of a pint, the bartender gives them two pints instead and says:  "You guys should know your limits."
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first mathematician orders a beer  The second orders half a beer  "I don't serve half-beers" the bartender replies  "Excuse me?" Asks mathematician #2  "What kind of bar serves half-beers?" The bartender remarks. "That's ridiculous."  "Oh c'mon" says mathematician #1 "do you know how hard it is to collect an infinite number of us? Just play along"  "There are very strict laws on how I can serve drinks. I couldn't serve you half a beer even if I wanted to."  "But  that's not a problem" mathematician #3 chimes in "at the end of the  joke you serve us a whole number of beers. You see, when you take the  sum of a continuously halving function-"  "I know how limits work" interjects the bartender  "Oh, alright then. I didn't want to assume a bartender would be familiar with such advanced mathematics"  "Are  you kidding me?" The bartender replies, "you learn limits in like, 9th  grade! What kind of mathematician thinks limits are advanced  mathematics?"  "HE'S ON TO US" mathematician #1 screeches  Simultaneously,  every mathematician opens their mouth and out pours a cloud of  multicolored mosquitoes. Each mathematician is bellowing insects of a  different shade.  The mosquitoes form  into a singular, polychromatic swarm. "FOOLS" it booms in unison, "I  WILL INFECT EVERY BEING ON THIS PATHETIC PLANET WITH MALARIA"  The  bartender stands fearless against the technicolor hoard. "But wait" he  inturrupts, thinking fast, "if you do that, politicians will use the  catastrophe as an excuse to implement free healthcare. Think of how much  that will hurt the taxpayers!"  The  mosquitoes fall silent for a brief moment. "My God, you're right. We  didn't think about the economy! Very well, we will not attack this  dimension. FOR THE TAXPAYERS!" and with that, they vanish.  A nearby barfly stumbles over to the bartender. "How did you know that that would work?"  "It's simple really" the bartender says. "I saw that the vectors formed a gradient, and therefore must be conservative."
A man walks into a restaurant in spain The waiter comes and asks what the man would like to eat.  The man says that he would like to have today's special.  The waiter gives the man a plate with two giant meatballs. The man asks why the meatballs are so big to wich the waiter replies: "We had bullfight today so this is the dead bull's testicles."  The man eats his food, pays for his meal and leaves.  The next day the man visits the restaurant again and orders the same meal as the day before.  The waiter gives the man a plate with two small meatballs on it.  The man asks the waiter why the meatballs are smaller today when they were much bigger yesterday?  The waiter replies:  "Well, you see, it's not always the bull that loses"
A Klansman, a murderer and a domestic abuser walk into a bar "What'll it be officer?"
An Anti-vaxxer walks into a bar... He stays sober and wants to go back home, but there's a bridge that comes in the way.  I tell him, "There is a 1 percent chance of the bridge breaking."  The anti-vaxxer jumped into the water and started swimming.
A woman walks into a butcher shop. She says to the butcher, "I'd like that pig's head over there."  To which the butcher replies, "I'm sorry to tell you ma'am, but that's a mirror."
A dude walks into a Dr's office and says "Doc, I think I'm addicted to Twitter". The Doc looks at him and says. "Sorry,  I Don't follow you".
A guy walks into a hotel He asks at the front desk for his reservation  .  The manager asks about his details and then gives him the key.  The guest then takes his room key and goes into the elevator.  After half an hour he comes back and angrily complains the manger that he couldn't find his room  The manager calmly replies," Well what did you expect when you booked room 404?."
A man walks into a bar and orders helicopter fries. The barman replies "Sorry bud, we only do plain" 
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office... ..wearing nothing but cling wrap for pants.  The doctor takes one look and says, "I can clearly see your nuts."
A Mafia Godfather, accompanied by his attorney, walks into a room to meet with his former accountant.  The Godfather asks the accountant, "Where is the 3 million bucks you embezzled from me?" The accountant does not answer. The Godfather asks again, "Where is the 3 million bucks you embezzled from me?"  The attorney interrupts, "Sir, the man is a deaf mute and cannot understand you, but I can interpret for you."  The Godfather says, "Well ask him where my damm money is!" The attorney, using sign language, asks the accountant where the 3 million dollars is. The accountant signs back, "I don't know what you are talking about." The attorney interprets to the Godfather, "He doesn't know what you are talking about."  The Godfather pulls out a 9 millimeter pistol, puts it to the temple of the accountant, cocks the trigger and says, "Ask him again where my damn money is!" The attorney signs to the accountant, "He wants to know where it is!"  The accountant signs back, "OK! OK! OK! The money is hidden in a brown suitcase behind the shed in my backyard!" The Godfather says, "Well....what did he say?"  The attorney interprets to the Godfather, "He says... that you don't have the guts to pull the trigger."
A man walks into a bar with a tiny piano and a 12 inch pianist He sets the tiny piano down at the bar, and the tiny pianist starts playing up a storm. The bartender looks at the man and says, "That's amazing, where did you get that?" The man replies, "There's a genie outside your bar that will grant you one wish."  The bartender runs outside and sure enough there is a genie. Without hesitation the bartender says "Genie, I wish for a million bucks!" The genie snaps his fingers and disappears. Instantly, a million ducks fly overhead.  The bartender walks back inside and says, "Hey man, I think there's something wrong with that genie. I asked for a million bucks, but he gave me a million ducks."  The man says, "You're telling me. You think I asked for a 12 inch pianist?"
A dictator walks into a bar... He orders everybody shots.
A traveling cowboy walks into a saloon to rest and get a drink before continuing on his journey. As he sat down at one end of the bar the bartender walks over to him and asks what he would like to drink.  "Beer" says the traveling cowboy.  "Right away" says the bartender as he makes his way to the tap.  As the cowboy watched the bartender fill a clean mug with a crisp lager he noticed a strange shape out of the corner of his eye. He turned his gaze towards it and his eyes widened in surprise as he realized what he was looking at. At the far end of the bar seated in stool sat a full sized horse whose eyes were filled with tears. A large jar filled with an assortment of coins and Bill's sat on the bar next to the horse. Though he was a traveling man and had seen many things over many years this was without a doubt the strangest sight the traveling cowboy had ever seen.  The bartender shortly returned with our cowboy's drink and as he sat it on the bench in front of him  the cowboy spoke and asked,  "Why is there a full grown horse sitting on that there stool? And why is he crying?"  "Well sir" says the Bartender "about one year ago this horse walked into this saloon with tears in his eyes, sat down in that very spot and ordered himself a drink. Hasn't moved or done nothin' else since. No one knows why he came in here or where he came from but one thing is for certain. Whatever horrors he witnessed to put him in such a state I would not like to know myself, nor would any man I reckon."  "Well I'll be" says the Cowboy. "What's that there jar for?"  "A few months after he came some of my regular customers started making bets. Who ever can make that horse to do anything other than sit there and mourn takes the jar and all the money in it."  Upon hearing this the Cowboy shook his head, drained his mug in one gulp, wiped his lips, stood up and walked over to the horse. The bartender watched in surprise as the cowboy sat down next to the horse and whispered in the horses ear. The tears in the horses eyes remained but no longer were they tears of sorrow. The horse erupted in a violent fit of laughter so loud in could be heard from the street outside the saloon.   The cowboy, satisfied with his work stood up, grabbed the jar of money, tipped his hat to the bartender (who at this point was in a state of utter disbelief) and walked out the door.   A year later the same traveling cowboy walked into the same saloon and sat down in the same spot he had the year prior. As he sat down he turned his gaze to the far side of the bar and quite to his surprise the horse was still there. Another jar had replaced the one he had taken, and the horse was still possessed by a state of violent laughter.   "YOU!" Yelled the bartender who had just turned and recognized the face of the traveling cowboy. "You think you can come back into my saloon after what you've done? That horse has not stopped laughing since the day you came in here and made him do so! It's been so disruptive I can't get anyone to come in here besides my regulars, and all they do is bet on that damned horse. Who ever can get him to do anything other than THAT takes the jar and all of its contents."  "Well I'll be." Says the cowboy as he stood up and slowly walked over to the horse.  The bartender watched as the cowboy made his way to the far side of the bar. He watched the cowboy stand in front of the horse with his back facing the bartender. The bartender watched in an almost euphoric state of shock as the horse's laughter stopped. As the cowboy stood there, the horses countenance fell to the same state it was one year prior. Tears welled up in his eyes and he began to weep once again.  Satisfied with his work the cowboy grabbed the new jar and again tipped his hat to the bartender as he made his way to the door.  "Wait just a goddamn minute!" The bartender screamed.  "I beg your pardon?" The cowboy replied as he turned and began walking back toward the bar.  "Well hell. You come in here one year ago and you say somthing to that horse, which mind you, had not done nothin' but cry and mourn for one year prior to your arrival. Something so goddamn funny that he then cannot do anything but laugh and be disruptive for the next year, driving away all my customers. Then you come in here now and just stand there and he stops!? You put me through all that and you're just gonna walk out of this saloon without so much as a goodbye? Well that don't sit right with me. So I demand that you tell me what you did to that horse to make his laugh and then cry like that."  "I guess I do owe you that bartender." Says the travelling Cowboy. "Well a year ago when I came In here and that horse was crying I went up to him and I told him as that my dick was bigger than his."   "What in the hell are you talking about?" Says the bartender in a very sarcastic tone. " You expect me to believe that? Well mr. Big dick cowboy, what did you tell him today to get him to stop?"  "I didn't tell him nothin'" says the cowboy as a grin as big as Texas spread across his face. "Today I showed him."   
A man walks into a bar... and sees that the bar is swarming with furiously masturbating men.  He pushes his way to the front to see the bartender watching the men intensely.  "What on earth is going on?"  "We're short on beer today," says the bartender, "so we're operating on a first cum, first served basis."
A Roman walks into a bar... A Roman walks into a bar and holds up two fingers.  "Five beers please" he says.
A midget walks into a brothel. The first thing the midget does is pull out a large stack of crisp $100 bills. After being asked some questions by the head mistress she tells him to go upstairs and she would send her best employee up to join him.  The woman she chooses is her best, most professional employee. The woman heads upstairs and immediately comes back down laughing hysterically. The head mistress asks “what is so funny”   The hooker says : “Well I went up there and when it came time for us to get naked I noticed he had a little tiny penis with a tattoo that said ‘Stumpy’ on it.” The mistress is not happy.   She explains this man has a lot of money and she should be professional. Overhearing the conversation is a second employee. She immediately goes up to the mistress who is now frantically looking for an employee who isn’t laughing at the tattoo. “Let me go, I can keep it together”  Again she comes down after about a minute laughing. “He does have a tattoo on his little tiny penis that says stumpy” The mistress is red in the face with anger! “This is a paying customer with more money in his pocket than most customers combined! I guess I will have to take care of him myself!”  Being a former working girl the mistress adjust her outfit in the mirror before heading up stairs. All the hookers wait downstairs for her to come down laughing but there is silence. After about 3 minutes the chandelier begins to shake and there’s very very loud aggressive sexual noises coming from upstairs. The other hookers are confused.  After around an hour the mistress comes downstairs to a large group of waiting employees who had been hearing the commotion and gathered in confusion and curiosity. The mistress’ hair is a mess, her dress is haphazardly put back on and her make up is destroyed. All the hookers seem confused. So the first girl who went up to the midget asks her boss “did you see it? Did you see the tattoo that said stumpy”   The mistress looks at her and says “yes I did see the tattoo that says stumpy. But once I gave him a hard on it said ‘Stumpy and Steve’s bar and grill in Amarillo, Texas”
A blind man walks into a bar... Then gets back up.
A Welsh man walks into a bar... “What’ll it be Mr Jones?” asked the barman.  “The usual please, Hugh, pint of Smith’s and a packet of dry roasted.”  “Coming right up.”  Mr Jones took his favourite stool and skimmed the room for friends of his. It had been a long day of working down the mines, and he was looking forward to a relaxed evening with his mates, a few pints and a rugby match on tv.  It would become clear over an hour later that his friends weren’t going to show up. It was a slow night too, a few lonely souls lost in the corners of the room nursing drinks. By that time he was feeling a little melancholy himself, and had sank two pints in quick succession. His team, the Llanelli Scarlets, were a few minutes away from losing the match.  “Looks like the Scarlets have had better luck, eh Hugh?” she said from across the bar.  For the first time in five whole minutes Mr Jones looked up from his pint glass and across to the creature sat by the other end of the bar. Her drink was a gin and tonic, as Mr Jones would soon find out, and she was beautiful. This information was enough for him to decide that his night was about to get a lot better.  “My name’s John. What’s yours?” The Scarlets had just lost the match, which now seemed irrelevant.  “Stacey.” she said, extending an impressively manicured hand.   John was a man of few words, but needed only a few to be able to charm Stacey. After flirting over a few more drinks, it became blissfully comfortable for them both to kiss, gently huddled in the pub’s warm glow. The few people who were visiting the pub had long left, and Hugh had seen it fit to dim the lights.  “Come home with me.” It was soon, far too soon, but seemed as natural as breathing. This was love at first sight.  John swooped Stacey up into his arms as they crossed the threshold into his cottage. He climbed the stairs, barely able to contain his desire to kiss and hold every part of Stacey.  He laid her down onto the bed and started to undress. It was at this point that Stacey had turned slightly cold, unbeknownst to John. Her kisses became non-committal, and she would not respond to John’s attempts at escalation. The alcohol was slowly wearing off. After 20 minutes of grunting and sweating to no avail, Mr Jones had finally had enough.  “Am I the only one doing any work here, or are you going to take your jacket off and help me with this?” he said, pointing at his erection. “And what’s all this bloody white stuff all over my bed? Are you fucking up for it or what?”  “Well, you know, John, I am a sheep.” she replied, giggling.
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar... Now don't tell me that's just a coincidence.
A person that suffers from tourette syndrome, a racist, and a conspiracy theorist walk into a bar. The bartender says Hey, Alex, haven't heard much from you ever since you got banned from the internet.  
A Rabbi and an Iman walk into a grocery store The look at the hummus, get very confused, and look at each other. The Imam says “Rabbi Demsky, this is disgusting.” The Rabbi replies with “Agreed, hummus should never have been made into a dessert product.” 
A Mexican, a Polish guy, a rabbi and a priest all walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and says "What is this, some kinda joke?"
A stressed out young attorney walks into a bar He was texting
A skeleton walks into a bar A skeleton walks into a bar and says  "I'd like a beer and a mop please"
A cowboy walks into a bar in Texas... and sees a beautiful blonde sitting there with her boyfriend. He pulls out his gun, and shoots the boyfriend. Then he walks up to the girl and asks, "What a lovely girl like you doing in a place like this all alone."
A vampire walks into a bar.. He approaches the barman. The barman asks, "what will it be?" The vampire asks for a mug of hot water. The barman confused asks "don't you folk drink blood?" The vampire pulls out a used tampon and says "I'm making tea"
A man walks into a bar, and noticed a couple T-bones nailed to the ceiling. He asks the bartender what they're for.   Bartender tells him it's a challenge. If you can jump and slap the meat, you get free drinks for the night.  If you miss, you buy everyone's drinks for an hour.   The man shakes his head and says.  "I'm gonna pass.  The steaks are too high."
A man walks into a bar and hears piano music. He looks at the piano and can't see anyone sitting there, so he walks over and discovers a foot-tall man standing on the piano bench playing the tune of Dixie-Girl. The man thought that this was strange so he goes over to the bartender and asks where the man came from.  "Here," says the bartender, handing the man a genie lamp, "rub this."  So the man rubs the lamp and out comes this genie.  "What do you wish for?" asks the genie.  "A million bucks," the man states, quite sure of himself.  "Granted." And the genie claps his hands and disappeared back into the lamp.  The man looks around, checks his wallet but can't find a million bucks anywhere. Just that moment, a million ducks fly through the bar. Astounded the man says: "Hey! I didn't ask for a million ducks!"  "Do you think that I asked for a 12 inch pianist?" replied the bartender.
Roman Centurion walks into a pub and sticks up two fingers at the landlord "The usual five beers, then, Andronicus!" Replied the landlord 
A pretty poor man man walks into a bar. He goes and sits at the bar before turning to the bar man.   'I only got a pound on me mate, anything I can get with that?'  'No,' says the bar man. 'But you can attempt a challenge for free drinks for the rest of the night.'  The poor man was up for it.  'Ok, so I'm gonna hook you up to this lie detector and you gotta try and make it get the wrong answer.' The bar man instructed.  So the poor man got hooked up to the lie detector.   'Off you go,' said the bar man.  'This lie detector will tell you that this is a lie.'  Nobody survived the following explosion. 
A mans walks into a bra... And is escorted from the changing rooms.
A Jamaican man, twins, a gust, a god, a grill, a planet, and a star all walk into a bar. Sorry, this joke's too weak.
A rope walks into a bar He orders a drink, but the bartender says, “We don’t serve ropes!” The rope goes outside and ties himself up, and then he frizzles and pulls apart his ends He walks back into the bar and the bartender repeats himself, “We STILL dont serve ropes, and you are a rope!” The rope replies: “Actually, I’m a frayed knot”
Tiger walks into a bar A tiger walks into a bar and the bartender stammers, "Wwwhy the long face?"  The tiger says, "Sorry, outside food not ok?"
A pirate walks into McDonalds. This pirate has a steering wheel between his legs, but doesn't seem to notice. As he places his order, the employee at the register keeps glancing at it awkwardly. Finally, as the pirate finishes ordering, the employee says "Sir, are you aware there's a steering wheel between your legs?" The pirate looks at it and goes "Yar. It be driving me nuts."
Two woman and two men walk into a talent agency with a large suitcase. The talent agent asks ''how can he help them'' and the four of them reply ''we've got a special show we want to premier and offer to your agency''. The agent agrees to let them audition and the four start their performance. The shorter of the two males rips all his clothes off, showing his amazing physique, he then squats down, parts his cheeks and shits all over the floor. The other three shout, ''no, no, you're doing it wrong''. Then the second male rips his clothes off too, bends the other over, starts rimming him, then stands up, and inserts his slightly above average penis into the now clean anus of his friend. Each thrust he exclaims 'no homo, no homo'.  A glitter bomb explodes and the lid of the suitcase bursts open. A homeless man, dressed in a mankini jumps out and starts having sex with the now naked female members of the party. The first shorter man is smearing poop all over the face of his satisfied friend, who's laying naked in a pool of the homeless mans vodka tinged vomit. The girl not getting shagged grabs a banjo from the suitcase and starts playing acoustic renditions of Frank Ocean  whilst drinking home made wine. Finally , to a great crescendo, a hidden compartment opens on the side of the suitcase, and three kittens prance out, all wearing Adidas sneakers. They start break dancing in a line with the five other members of the troupe. The music and dancing stops, the five now exhausted performers bow, turning to gaze at one another with a the kind of smile that says 'we nailed it'.   The talent agent, now standing on his feet is silence, with his jaw open in amazement and a look of surprise in his eyes, reaches into his pocket and pulls out a vape. An awkward silence comes over the room as he inhales, and the performers now feeling disappointed, start to pack away their equipment. Suddenly claps interrupt the silent blueberry scented mist of the room. 'Bravo, FUCKING BRAVO GUYS, that shit was next level'.    The five performers, three of them holding kittens, stand up in unison. ''What you liked it'', the girl name Sarah exclaimed with a nervous shocked tone? ''You bet your grandmas gold I liked it'', came the agents reply , ''but, just one thing I need to know guys, what do you call your show?'' to which the five of them all exclaimed in unison ''the Redditers''!
A horse walks into a bar.  The bartender says, “you’re in here alot, are you an alcoholic?”  The horse ponders for a minute and responds “I don’t think I am”  And poof he disappears  At this point a philosophy students start to snicker, as they are familiar with Descartes’ postulate, “I think, therefore I am.”  But telling you that first would be putting Descartes before the horse
A guy walks into a bar orders a shot of vodka and then proceeds to pour it into his hand.  Then he orders another one and does the same. The third time he orders the drink, the bartender stops him and asks,  "What are you doing? "  To which the man replies, "What does it look like I'm doing? I'm getting my date drunk!"
A black man and a white man walk into a bakery. The black man immediately steals three pastries and puts them in his pocket.  He says to the white, "See how good I am? The owner didn't see a thing." The white man says to the black man, "That's typical of you black people. I am going to show you an honest way to get the same result."  He goes to the owner of the bakery and says, "Give me a pastry and I will show you a magic trick." Intrigued, the owner accepts and gives him a pastry. The white man swallows it and asks for another one. The owner gives him another one. Then the white man swallows that one and asks for a third pastry and eats that, too.  The owner is starting to wonder where the magic trick is and asks, "So what did you do with the pastries?"  The white man replies, "Look in the black man's back pocket."
13 Doctors walk into a bar Gallifrey Falls No More
Schrödinger's cat walks into a bar And it didn't.
A middle aged woman walks into a seafood restaurant and asks the waiter where the fish in this restaurant came from. Waiter: "These fish are from the ocean ma'am." Woman: "Can you be specific? Like, is it from the Pacific Ocean? Or is it from the Indian Ocean?" Waiter: "It's from the Specific Ocean it came from" Woman: "I need to speak to your manager!"
A hungry man walks into a resterant The cashier says, "Sup.?"  The hungry man said, "Yes."
Angelina Jolie walks into a florists. 'I'd like to buy some flowers', she says. 'Orchids?' says the florist. 'No, just flowers today'.
An Irishman walks into a bar in Dublin. He orders three pints of Guinness and sits in the back of the room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn.    When he finishes them, he comes back to the bar and orders three more. The  bartender approaches and tells him, "You know, a pint goes flat after I draw it; it would taste better if you bought one at a time."      The  Irishman  replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in America, the other in Australia, and I'm here in Dublin. When we all left home, we promised that we'd drink this way to remember the days when we drank together. So I drinks one for each o' me brothers and one for me self."      The bartender admits that this is a nice custom, and leaves it there. The Irishman becomes a regular in the bar, and always drinks the same way: He orders three pints and drinks them in turn. One day, he comes in and orders two pints.    All the other regulars take notice and fall silent. When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bartender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my condolences on your great loss."      The Irishman looks confused for a moment, but then responds, "Oh no, These are for my brothers, I've just quit drinking."
A spirit walks into a bar The bartender says "SINCE WHEN DID VODKA BOTTLES HAVE LEGS?"
A Roman soldier walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says "five please!" 
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar You can't tell me that's just a coincidence .
A pirate walks into a bar... ...with a steering wheel attached to his groin. The bartender asks him, "Hey man, doesn't that hurt?"  &amp;nbsp;  The pirate says, "Yarr, it's drivin' me nuts!"
A man walks into a store that has 3 things on the menu Cheese Sandwich $2 Ham and Cheese Sandwich $3 Handjob $10  The man studies the menu and then he notices the shop clerk. She was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. He slowly walks up to the counter and asks “Um, are you the one that gives the handjobs?” “Yes” she replies with a smirk The man pauses and then responds “Wash your fucking hands, I want a cheese sandwich”
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar. And doesn't.
A leper walks into a bar &amp; tells the bartender... A leper walks into a bar &amp; tells the bartender "I know I'm disgusting looking but If you could please serve me a scotch I'd be grateful, I'll leave if I'm too much to stomach." Bartender says "No problem, as long as your paying I'll pour."  So the bartender pours the leper a drink &amp; then starts gagging. the leper say's he'll leave but the bartender says "No it's ok." So the leper orders another scotch &amp; the bartender pours the drink then vomits. the leper says "you don't have to pretend I'm not hideous I can leave." The bartender shakes his head &amp; says " what you look like isn't a big deal, but the guy next to you keeps dipping his chips in your arm."
All genders walk into a bar and take table for two
A man walks into bar A man walks in to a bar with a box under his arm and says to the barman “if I can show something you have never seen before will you give me a free drink?”  Now the barman has seen mostly everything in his time and says “sure , Impress me and hell, I’ll give you a free tab for the eve!”  So the man puts down the box and opens it and then he pulls a small piano out of it and places it on the bar and then a little man as well.  The little man walks up to the piano and starts playing !  The barman was blown away by this and agrees to the drinks and asks "where did you find him?"  “Well “says the man, “I found this magic lamp”. Goes back in to the box and pulls out this old brass oil lamp.  “I rubbed it and a genie appeared and granted me one wish and then he said I must pass the lamp on to the next person that did me a kindness”  “Wow” says the barman.  The man then says “as you gave me a drink I’m going to let you have the lamp”  “Be careful what you wish for tho”  So the barman rubs the lamp and then makes his wish………  Next thing the bar has ducks everywhere!!! Crapping on the bar and the floor and all over the customers!!!!!  The barman shouts at the man saying” I wished for a million Bucks! not a million ducks!“  To this the man replies ” And you think that I wished for a 12 inch Pianist?! “  Note: yeah it’s an old one but it made me laugh!    
A man walks into a psychiatrist naked wrapped in plastic wrap The psychiatrist says, "Well I can clearly see your nuts"
Kriss Kross walk into a bar. Jump! Jump!
Superman walks into a bar with Batman, the Flash, Wonder Woman and Aquaman He walk up to the bar and orders 5 whiskeys on the rocks. “Would you like any coke or a slice of lemon in those?” asks the barmaid. “No thanks,” says Superman, “we’re the just ice league!”. 
A man walks into a bar and sees a jar of money on the counter. He asks the bartender, “what is that jar for?” The bartender replies, “its for a contest, the person who wins gets all the money. First you have to beat that guy up” and he points to a buff guy in the corner. “Then, I have a bulldog with a tooth that’s been killing him. You have to pull it out. Then, there’s a grandma who’s really horny. You have to go have sex with her.” So the guy goes over and beats up the swole dude and goes outside to the bulldog. There is a lot of growling and barking and yelping, but he comes back in and says, “ok, wheres the grandma with the bad tooth?”
A homeless man walks into a bakery A homeless man walks into a bakery and asks the employee to see his boss.  When the boss comes the homeless man asks him a question, “Can I have some free bread? I am very hungry.”  The boss then responds with “Sorry sir, we don’t give out dough-nations here”
A man walks into a petrol station After filling up his car he thinks he sees Arnold Schwarzenegger he goes up to the man and asks if it is him and he replies “ yah it’s me “ he is amazed at why he works here and finishes talking about him and about the pet troll price and Arnold moves to the door and says  oil be back
A black hole walks into a bar The bartender asks, "Hey, would you like to buy anything?"    The black hole says, "No. I'm a light eater."
A man walks into a dentists... The dentist asks how he can help. "Well, this is going to sound strange. But I believe I'm a moth..."  "Ok..." Says the dentist... "I'm a dentist, though... I'm not sure how I can help... Why did you come in here?" "Well, your light was on!"
A man walks into a bar with a monkey on a leash The bartender says “I’m sorry, but we don’t allow pets in here”  The man responds “Oh I’m blind, this little fella helps me see”  The bartender, a little confused, says “I’ve never heard of a seeing eye monkey before”  “They gave me a monkey?!”
A weasel walks into a bar... The bartender asks him what he would like to drink. "Pop", goes the weasel.
A dude walks into a convenience store... ...and asks if they got any eggplant juice. The clerk says no so the dude thanks the clerk and leaves.  The second day, the dude goes to the convenience store again to ask if they got any eggplant juice and the clerk again says no so the dude thanks the clerk and leaves.  On the third day, the dude once more goes to the store to ask about the eggplant juice. The clerk, having become really curious by now (and also a bit fed-up), decided to say yes even though they don't carry any eggplant juice just to get a chance to talk to the dude what this eggplant juice is all about.  Thinking they finally stocked eggplant juice, the dude becomes really happy. His ears perk up and he smiles from ear to ear. He looks the clerk straight into their eyes and says "yuck!"
A bear walks into a bar. The bar tender asks...."what are you having?". The bear replies " ill have a gin.........and tonic"     Bartender "what's with the pause?"  Bear "I don't know, I've had them my whole life"
A limbo champion walks into a bar. He is disqualified.
A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer.  "Did you know that geese kill more humans than sharks each year?" the guy asks the bartender. "Yes, but let's be fair about it," the bartender replies. "It's really hard for a goose to kill a shark."
A white man walks into a public restroom He starts peeing in the urinal when a 7 foot tall, absolutely ripped black man walks in and starts peeing in the urinal next to him. Getting a little curious, the white man looks over and notices the black man has a tattoo on his dick that says 'Wendy'. The white man asks, "Why do you have 'Wendy' tattooed on your dick? Is that your wife or something?" The black man laughs and answers, "It doesn't say 'Wendy'. When it's erect it says 'Welcome to Jamaica and have a nice day.' "
The past, present, and future walk into a bar... Then things got tense. 
A bit of rope walks into a bar... A bit a rope walks into a bar. The bartender says "We don't serve ropes here." The rope walks out of the bar and proceeds to twist himself around into a tangled mess. He then tousels the ends of himself before walking back into the bar. The bartender says "Aren't you that bit of rope I just kicked out?" to which the rope replies "Nope, I'ma 'fraid not" 
A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says ”why the long face?” The horse responds with “ my wife just died of cancer”
A person thinks he's god and walks into a bar He walks up to the bartender   Person: I'd like all drinks, I'm good so on the house.   Bartender: Okay... prove it.   Person: *Snaps finger*   Passerby: I dOn'T fEeL sO gOoD   Bartender: *still skeptical* If you are god, then why don't you cause life?   Person: *Snaps fingers again*   Women: *goes into labor* IS THERE A DOCTOR HERE?   Bartender: *still skeptical* If you really are god, make a doctor appear   Person: *snaps fingers once more*   *Baby comes out suddenly*   Person: There's no need   Bartender: Okay, I'll get the drinks *pours hot water*   Person: What about the drinks?   Bartender: If you were God, all the drinks you want is hot water. Also it's on the house.  
A man walks into a bar...  A man walks into a bar, and orders a drink. With no provocation, the bartender turns to a table in back and whispers to the man "I just hate lawyers. They think they're so smart."  The man orders another beer and the bartender says "man, I hate lawyers. They're so stuck up and always judging you."  The man orders a third beer and the bartender serves him accordingly, saying "man, I absolutely HATE lawyers. They're such assholes."  The man, this time taken aback, says "hey man, I take offense to that." To which the bartender replies "why? Are you a lawyer or something?" And the man retorts "no, I'm an asshole."
[Long] A redneck walks into a bar and orders a Budweiser. The bartender pours his drink and says, "Good taste. Bud is my favorite."  The redneck replies, "Bud is all I drink these days. I used to be a Coors man but that beer is worse than piss! Last time I drank Coors, I blew chunks!"  Taken back, the bartender accepts his patron's tastes and serves another customer.  As the night progresses, the redneck orders Bud after Bud - each time elaborating on his hatred of Coors beer. With each diss at Coors, the bartender grows more annoyed.  The redneck explains, "It's basically crotch-water! The last time that garbage passed my lips, I blew chunks!"  Finally, after serving the redneck for over an hour, the bartender had had enough.  "Look, man, I know you don't like Coors, but I sell it here every day. It may not be your favorite, but Coors is a quality American beer and a lot of people like it."  The redneck replied, "Nah, Coors is garbage! The last time I drank a 12-pack of Coors, I blew chunks!"  The bartender finally understood: "Well, of course you blew chunks! If you drink a 12-pack of anything, you're probably going to throw up."  "No, man, you don't get it." The redneck replied, "Chunks is my dog!"
A schizophrenic walks into a bar. A schizophrenic walks into a bar.  A sign above the bar reads "Absolutely No Schizophrenics Served At This Establishment!"  Bartender says "Hello.  What can I get you?"  The schizophrenic says "a shot of whiskey, and make it a double!"  The schizophrenic says "a shot of whiskey, and make it a double!"  Bartender narrows his eyes and says "Are you from around here?  I don't believe we've met."  The schizophrenic says "I actually live across town."  The schizophrenic says "I actually live just down the block!"  Bartender slams his fist on the bar and says "I Knew it!  You're a schizophrenic!   Get OUTTA HERE!!"  The schizophrenic leaps out the door and runs away.  The schizophrenic says "Oh man, I thought that guy would never leave!   Now, where's my whiskey!!?"
A time traveler walks into a bar. The barman says, “We don’t serve time travelers in here.”  A time traveler walks into a bar...
Mary walks into a bar She had just ended her recent marriage and it was her first time in the bar.  Mary doesn't what to do and decides to observe the others around her.  The man to her left says, "Jack Daniels,single."  Another man to her right says" Johnny Walker,single."  After observing both the men, Mary decides to order. She says, "Mary Michaels, divorced."  And she's kicked out of the bar.
A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat. Before he can order a beer, the bowl of pretzels in front of him says "Hey, you're a handsome fellow." The man tries to ignore the bowl of pretzels, and orders a fine Pilsner beer.   The bowl of pretzels then says "Ooooh, a pilsner, great choice. You're a smart man."   Starting to freak out, the guy says to the bartender "Hey what the hell, this bowl of pretzels keeps saying nice things to me!"   Bartender says "Don't worry about it, the pretzels are complimentary."
A dude walks into a bank... "Hi, I'd like to open a fucking bank account!"  The lady teller is a bit offended and asks the man to calm down.  "What do you mean calm down? I'm fucking calm!"  "Sir, if you don't stop with the offensive language , I will have to call my manager!"  "What the fuck are you talking about, what offensive language"  The teller goes back to the manager and tell him about the clients rude behaviour. The manager congratulates her for standing her ground and not thanking the crap.  The manager tells her to follow him and watch  how to handle these difficult clients. The manager returns to the counter:  "Sir, do we have a problem?"  "Fuck no, I just won $50 million at the lottery, and I want to open a fucking bank account!"  The manager pointing back to the lady teller:  " And **that bitch** is giving you trouble!!!"
A nun, really needing to go to the bathroom, walks into a neighborhood pub The place is hopping with music and dancing but every once in a while the lights would turn off. Each time after the lights would go out the place would erupt into cheers. However, when the revelers saw the nun, the room went dead silent. She walked up to the bartender, and asked," May I please use the restroom?"  The bartender replied, "I really don't think you should."  "Why not? " the nun asked.  "Well, there is a statue of a naked man in there, and his most private part is covered only by a fig leaf. "  "Nonsense," said the nun, "I'll just look the other way."  So the bartender showed the nun the door at the top of the stairs, and she proceeded to the restroom. After a few minutes, she came back out, and the whole place was hopping with music and dancing again. However, they did stop just long enough to give the nun a loud round of applause.  She went to the bartender and said, "Sir, I don't understand. Why did they applaud for me just because I went to the restroom?"  "Well, now they know you're one of us," said the bartender. "Would you like a drink?"  "But, I still don't understand," said the puzzled nun.  "You see," laughed the bartender, "every time the fig leaf is lifted on the statue, the lights go out in the whole place. Now, how about that drink, Sister ??"
A UDP packet walks into a bar. A UDP packet walks into a bar.  A UDP packet walks into a bar.
A man walks into his proctologist appointment And the nurse tells him that the doctor will be right with him. As it’s his first time, he anxiously begins to dart his eyes around the office. He sees, among other things, a tube of KY jelly, a glove, and a beer.  When the doctor comes in, the man’s curiosity gets the best of him, and he can’t help but ask the doctor about the items.  “Now I know it’s my first rodeo and all,” the man asks, “I can infer what the lube and the glove is for, but for the life of me I can’t imagine what the purpose of the beer is.”  The doctor suddenly turns red in the face, and with a huff and a puff storms out of his office and slams the door, when the man hears him screaming at his nurses,  “Damn it all to hell I said a BUTT light!!!”
A man walks into his doctor's office and yells "Doctor! Doctor! I think I'm invisible" "Who said that?" The doctor yells back
A man walks into his doctor's office and says "Doctor! Doctor! I think I can see into the future" "When did this start?" The doctor asks "Next Tuesday" the man replies
A man walks into a bar and asks for some fruit punch The bartender tells him to get in line.  The man then looks behind him, but there is no punch line
A man walks into a bar Bartender: What can i get ya?  Man: What do you have?  Bartender: Cheese sandwich is $1.50, Chicken sandwich is $3.50, and we offer handjobs for $20 &lt;wink&gt;  Man: Do you give handjobs, pretty lady?  Bartender: Sure do.  Man: Well then wash your fucking hands I want a cheese sandwich.
A guy walks into a bar in Chicago looking kind of upset. The bartender says "What'll it be bud?"  "Just a beer" says the man.  Reading the mans expression the bartender asks "Whats the matter?"  The man says "Everyone tells me I'm not having enough sex, but I can't seem to find any women who want to have sex."  The bartender is curious so he says, "Why do they always say that?"  "Well I'm a Packers fan." Says the man.  "Get fucked pal."
Two phones walk into a bar Phone 1: Hey man you still having trouble with the WiFi?  Phone 2: Unfortunately. I just don't feel like she and I really connect anymore, you know?
A blind man walks into a bar... Then a chair. Then a table. Then lots of other jokes that look just like this one.
An Asian man walks into a bar An Asian man walks into a bar and starts drinking a beer. A white man sees him and asks “Do you know karate or Kung fu? Anything like that?”   The Asian man looks somewhat offended “Is it because I’m Asian?”  The man replies: “No, it’s because you’re drinking my fucking beer”
Two Hillbillies Walk Into A Restaurant... Two hillbillies walk into a restaurant. While having a bite to eat, they talk about their moonshine operation.  Suddenly, a woman at a nearby table, who is eating a sandwich, begins to cough.   After a minute or so, it becomes apparent that she is in real distress. One of the hillbillies looks at her and says, Kin ya swallar?'   The woman shakes her head no. Then he asks, 'Kin ya breathe?'  The woman begins to turn blue, and shakes her head no.   The hillbilly walks over to the woman, lifts up her dress, yanks down her drawers, and quickly gives her right butt cheek a lick with his tongue.  The woman is so shocked that she has a violent spasm, and the obstruction flies out of her mouth.As she begins to breathe again, the Hillbilly walks slowly back to his table. His partner says, 'Ya know, I'd heerd of that there 'Hind Lick Maneuver' but I ain't niver seed nobody do it!'
A frog walks into a bank for a loan... A frog walks into a bank for a loan and is greeted by the teller.   “Well goodness me! In all 30 years of working here I’ve never once seen a frog come in! How can I help you today?”  “Well ma’am, I’ve come in for a loan.”  “I see. I can definitely help you begin the process for that. Do you mind if I ask what exactly would a frog need a loan for, however?”  “Well, it’s not really any of your business ma’am, but it’s for *this*,” the frog says as he hands her a picture of a small, toy elephant.   “Huh, how peculiar. I’m not sure if we can approve a loan for something like that. Let me speak with my manager quickly and I’ll be right back with you. Can I have your name, please?”  “Kermit, ma’am.”  “Ah! Kermit! Like Kermit the Frog!”  “No ma’am. Kermit Jagger. My mother was a frog and my father was Mc Jagger.”  “I see. Well then, just hang tight and I’ll be right back.”  “Ma’am wait! I didn’t get your name!”   “Patty Whack,” the teller responds as she heads into the back office.  Patty walks into the office and begins recalling the series of events that just happened to her manager.  “You see, sir, it’s a frog who says he’s the son of Mc Jagger. We’ve never done business with a frog before. And to top it all off, he wants a loan for *this*,” she says as she shows the picture of the small, toy elephant to her manager. “What even is this... thing?”  Her boss responds, “It’s a knick-knack, Patty Whack, give the frog a loan, his old man is a Rolling Stone.”
This bloke walks into a bar... This bloke walks into a bar with an ostrich and a cat. The bloke says  "let's have a drink then" the ostrich nods but the cat freaks out an says " ok but I'm definately not paying"  The bloke sighs and gets 3 drinks from the barman sits down with the cat and the ostrich and drinks up. After some time the ostrich suggests another drink, the bloke agrees but the cat freaks out again and shouts"I'm definitely not paying no way I can't afford it!" The bloke sighs again and orders 3 more drinks.  As the barman is pouring the drinks he leans over and asks the bloke " I can't help but notice your with an ostrich and cat that won't pay, what's the story?" "Well"says the man " I found a lamp whilst on holiday and gave it a rub, and out popped a Genie and he granted me a wish." The barman was amazed and said " so what did you wish for?" The bloke replies " A long legged bird with a tight pussy".
A crab walks into a bar... The Barman says "I can't serve you mate, you're already walking sideways".
So a pregnant woman walks into a bank... While she's in the bank, the bank gets robbed and she gets shot in the stomach 3 times.   She wakes up in the hospital and the doctor tells her she'll be just fine. Worried, she asks about her baby. The doctor says "oh interestingly enough you're having triplets and they'll also be just fine, but each baby had a bullet enter them." The woman gasped, the doctor tells her it's ok, when the kids get older the bullet will just pass through their system.  She gives birth, 2 girls and a boy.  13 years later the first girl goes up to her mom,  "Mommy! Mommy! I did a bad thing!"  "What happened sweetie??"  "I went to the bathroom and bullet came out!"  The mom explains what happened, and the girl goes on her way. A week later the second daughter comes to her.  "Mommy! Mommy! I did a bad thing!"  "Oh, don't tell me, you went to the bathroom and a bullet came out?"  "Yea, how'd you know??"  The mom explains what happened, and the girl goes on her way. A few weeks go by and the son goes up to the mom.  "Mommy! Mommy! I did a bad thing!"  "Oh, don't tell me, you went to the bathroom and a bullet came out?"  "No, I was masturbating and I shot the dog!" 
Q Walks Into A Bar \-Q walks into a bar.   \-Fascist Reddit Bartender, says: Get out.
Two dwarfs walk into a bar where they pick up two prostitutes and take them back to their own respective rooms. Unfortunately the first dwarf can’t get an erection no matter what. He’s depressed, and his depression is made worse by the fact that, from the next room, he hears cries of, “one, two, three- uuump!” all night long.   In the morning the second dwarf asks the first,  “ how was your night?”  “It was so embarrassing. I couldn’t get it up no matter how hard I tried.”  The second award shook his head. “ You think that’s embarrassing? I couldn’t even get on the fucking bed.”  Edit: Fuck you auto contact. I’m gonna leave it. 
Every time I walk into a bar, I’m reminded of my age 17
A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer. "Where are you from?" the bartender asks.  "Oklahoma," the guy replies. "Oh yeah?" the bartender asks. "Which part?" "All of me I guess," the guy says. 
A guy walks into a library and asks the librarian, "do you have that book for men with small penises?" The librarian looks on her computer and says, "I don't know if it's in yet."  The man replies, "Yeah that's the one."
A cow walks into a pot field... The steaks have never been higher. 
A string walks into a bar... bartender says: we don't serve your kind here. String leaves, twists himself up and parts his hair and comes back. Bartender says, aren't you the same guy from before? Im a frayed knot.
A guy walks into a bank, pulls out a gun, points it at the teller and says, “Give me all your money or you’re geography!"  The teller replies, “Don’t you mean history?”  The robber says, “Don’t change the subject.”
Two peanuts walk into a bar One was a salted.
A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer.  "What's new?" the bartender asks. "My son ended up in the hospital last night after he drank a beer," the guy replies. "It was my last one." 
So a chinese man walks into an eye doctor. The eye doctor says "Well, you've got cataracts"  The chinese man says "No, I have Rincoln Continental!"
A white man, a black man, and an asian man walk into a bar A white man, a black man, and an asian walk into a bar, all with a parrot on their shoulder. The white man looks at the asian man, nods at the parrot and says “where’d you get yours?” The man says “it was my grandmothers, when she passed away nobody else wanted to take care of it so I took it. What about you? Where’d you get yours?” And the white man replies “I won mine in a raffle, nobody put any tickets in for it so I put one in, thought it would be an interesting pet.” They both turn and look at the black man and the white man says “hey where did you get yours?” And the parrot responds “AFRICA”
A Syrian hooker walks into a Berlin salon and says... “I don’t know if I’m welcome, but is there anybody here that can shave my pussy?”  A stylist walks over and says, “don’t worry, we accept everyone. We don’t believe there’s a migration problem.”  The hooker grimaces and says, “well I do, you should probably shave my head too while you’re at it.”
A guy walks into the bathroom to take a piss. (Similar to another joke on here.) As he’s standing there, there’s a super short guy next to him. This guy has bright red hair, is dressed in green, and he’s got a 12 inch dick.   The first guy says to him, “I don’t mean to be rude, but holy shit man, your dick is enormous!”  The little guy replies, in a deep Irish accent, “of course, me lad, I’m a leprechaun, we all have giant dicks.”  “Yeah right, whatever”, the first man says in disbelief.   “What, you think men my size have dicks like these?” Says the leprechaun.   “Well, I guess not” says the first man, seeing the logic in his unbelievable statement.   “I tells ya what, if you let me fuck you up the ass for five minutes, I’ll give you a dick like mine.”  “Oh my God, no way, that would hurt so bad.”  Again, in the thickest Irish accent imaginable, he replied “come on now man, just imagine how much the girls will love it, a 12 inch dick!”  Reluctantly, the man finally agrees, and experiences the most painful 5 minutes he can imagine. When all is said and done, he looks down and finds he’s no bigger than he was before.   “What the fuck, it’s the same size!” He yells  At this point, the little guy replies, in a calm voice and American accent.   “Aren’t you a bit old to be believing in leprechauns?”  (This joke is better when told aloud, preferably by someone who can imitate accents.) 
A Magician walks into a gay bar and then disappears, with a \**poof\**
Two men walk into a bar and the third one ducks
A guy walks into a bar and sits down. Bartender asks: "What can I get you?"  Guy says: "Jack and coke"  Bartender nods, goes under the bar, gets up, and puts an apple on the bar. The guy says, "I ordered a Jack and coke, what the hell is this." Bartender says "Just try it." The guy takes a bite and says to the bartender: "Holy shit this tastes just like Jack Daniels!" The bartender says "Turn it around." Guy turns the apple around, takes another bite and says "Holy shit this tastes just like coke!"  Another guy comes into the bar, sits near the first guy.   Bartender asks: "What can I get you?"   Guy says: "Vodka tonic."  Bartender nods, goes under the bar, pulls out an apple, and places it on the bar. The guy says "What the hell is this?" Bartender says, "Just try it." The guys does and exclaims "This tastes just like tonic!" The bartender says "Turn it around." The guy does and says "Wow! This tastes like vodka!"  A third guy walks into the bar and sits down. The other two guys say: "This bartender has magic apples that taste like whatever you want! Seriously order ANYTHING and he'll give you an apple that tastes like it!"  The guy says to the bartender: "Okay then, I want an apple that tastes like pussy."  The bartender nods, goes under the bar, takes out an apple, and places an apple on the bar. The guy picks it up, takes a bite and immediately spits it out.  The guys says: "This is disgusting! This tastes like ass!!"  The bartender says: "Turn it around."
Guy and a monkey walk into a bar... So, a guy with a small monkey on his shoulder walks into a bar,  the bartender isn't too thrilled about an animal being in a bar,  but he says nothing deciding to see if it's behaving first.   Guy orders a drink and the monkey is just sitting there watching someone play pool.   All of a sudden the monkey jumps on to the pool table,  grabs one of the billiards and swallows it. The bartender gets pissed off and tells at the guy to get his damn monkey out of there. Guy apologises and leaves.   About a week later,  same guy with same monkey walks back in,  but this time the monkey is on a leash. Bartender is keeping a close eye on the monkey,  to make sure it doesn't try any more monkey business.   Monkey is on its best behaviour,  just sitting there,  then it spots some grapes on the table, it grabs a single grape, looks at it then shoves it up is own ass, pulls it back out and eats it.   "What the hell is that disgusting monkey doing?!?" Yells the surprised bartender.   "Oh that?" Says the guy, "After the trouble that billiard ball gave him on the way out,  he now measures everything first before eating it."
A man walks into a doctor's office with a broken arm. He asks the doctor, "Doc, when my arm is healed, will I be able to play guitar?"  Doctor: "Well the fracture doesn't appear to be too bad, so yes you should be able to when it's all healed"  Man: "That's fantastic news! I've always wanted to be able to play guitar." 
Helium walks into a bar… Bartender: We don’t serve noble gasses here.  He: didn’t react.
A priest, a rabbi and a leprechaun walk into a bar. The leprechaun looks around and says, "Saints preserve us! I'm in the wrong joke!"
A man walks into a bar and sees a large woman sitting by herself next to several empty glasses. Upon approaching, he notices that she looks sad and decides to try to cheer her up.  "Hey, you look like you could use a friend", he says.  She looks at him but doesn't say anything, just takes another drink.   He tries again. "Come on, humor me here, maybe *I* need a friend"  "If you're here to make fun of me because I'm fat, you can turn your ass around, *friend*", she snaps.  "Hey that's unfair. I saw that you're having a bad day an just want to cheer you up", he replies  Her temper seems to deflate somewhat and she takes another drink "Yeah yeah, you're right. Sorry, I came here to have fun and all I got so far was insults. It really ruined my night, you know?"  "Don't worry about it, I understand" he replies with a smile  She smiles back "Then let's start at the beginning. Hi, my name is Jasmine"  His smile widens "Call me Ishmael."  
A guy walks into a bar owned by Eminem He tells the bartender,"Give me 2 shots of..."  The bartender cuts him off saying,"You only get 1 shot."
Guy walks into a bar with a frog on his head... Bartender looks at him and says: "that's awesome, how'd you do that?"  The frog replies: would you believe it started out as a wart on my ass?"
An Englishman, Irishman &amp; Scottsman walk into a bar........ The Irishman walks up to the bar and asks for a pint of Guinness "oh feck" he shouts "I've left my wallet at home" bartender replies "no problem, tell you what if you go upstairs and fuck my wife I'll give you free drinks all night" Irishman says "ok" and heads upstairs as he opens the bedroom door all he sees is the most fattest ugliest woman ever she's covered in scabs too, he says "feck this I'll just go home and get my wallet" so he leaves the bar. Next the Scottsman walks up to the bar and orders a double whiskey "Oh Shite" he shouts "I've left me bastard wallet at home" "no problem" exclaims the bartender as he makes the same offer as he did to the Irishman, the Scottsman walks upstairs opens the door and says "fuck that, I'll just go home and get my wallet" he then leaves the bar. Next the Englishman walks up to the bar and orders a Pint of Carling "Oh bollocks" he shouts "I've left my fucking wallet at home" "no problem" exclaims the bartender as he makes the same offer as he did to the Irishman and the Scottsman, the Englishman walks upstairs opens the door takes a look and walks into the bedroom closing the door behind him, he walks over to the woman picks off all of her scabs puts them in a bag and throws them out of the window, then he gets down to business, half an hour later he leaves the room with a sense of pride and accomplishment and strides downstairs to collect on his free drinks. Sometime later the Irishman and Scottsman walk back into the bar after collecting thier wallets rubbing their bellies and licking their lips, the Irishman says to the Scottsman "tell you what that was a lovely bag of salty pork scratchings we found outside".................
Eight bytes walk into a bar. The bartender asks, “Can I get you anything?” “Yeah”, reply the bytes. “Make us a double.” 
WALKS INTO A BAR... GATOR BITE PreviousNext A guy walks into a bar with a pet alligator by his side. He puts the alligator up on the bar and turns to the astonished patrons.  "I'll make you a deal. I'll open this alligator's mouth and place my genitals inside. Then the gator will close his mouth for one minute. He'll then open his mouth, and I'll remove my unit unscathed. In return for witnessing this spectacle, each of you will buy me a drink."  The crowd murmurs their approval. The man stands up on the bar, drops his trousers, and places his privates in the alligator's open mouth. The gator closes his mouth as the crowd gasps. After a minute, the man grabs a beer bottle and raps the alligator hard on the top its head. The gator opens his mouth, and the man removes his genitals, unscathed, as promised. The crowd cheers, and he receives the first of his free drinks.  The man stands up again and makes another offer: "I'll pay anyone $100 who's willing to give it a try."  A hush falls over the crowd. A moment later, a hand goes up in the back of the bar.  "I'll try," says a small woman, "but you have to promise not to hit me on the head with the beer bottle."
A man from (insert local “hick”area/ethnicity where people speak differently &amp; are considered dumb) walks into a big city bank and asks to open an account. Teller chuckles &amp; asks the man if he is from ___. Man asks why &amp; teller says oh I can tell by your accent, man is embarrassed, leaves vowing to Improve his diction and lose his regional accent. He pays for a tutor, studies and practices long and hard for a year. His confidence at an all time high and feeling very proper, he goes back to the big city, gets off his (local transport) and strides purposefully to the same place, walks up the counter and says, without a hint of an accent “Good afternoon sir, I would like to open an account today please.” The person across the counter doubles over in laughter and asks “I’m sorry, but are you from _____?”  The man, again embarrassed, says “yes but how did you know? Is it my accent, the way I’m speaking?” The person across the counter laughs and says, “Sir, the bank changed locations 6 months ago, this is a bakery!!”
A Roman walks into a bar... holds up two fingers and says, “five beers, please.”
Two men walk into a bar When they sit down, one of the men says, "Hey bartender! 2 shots! And the ass here is paying for it!" Motioning to the other guy. The bartender looks confused but gets them their shots.  About 10 minutes later, the bartender hears from across the bar, "Hey bartender! 2 MORE shots! And the ass here is paying for it!" The bartender is a little agitated at this point, but still gets them their shots.  After another 10 minutes, he hears the spiel again, "2 shots and the ass here is paying for it!" This time the bartender has had enough. He asks the other guy, "Hey mister, why do you let this guy call you an ass all the time?"  The man replies,"Hee-Haw, Hee-Haw, Hee-Halways calls me that."
A lady walks into a bar and sees a really cute guy sitting at the counter.   She goes over and asks him what he is drinking. "Magic Beer", he says She thinks he's a little crazy, so she walks around the bar, but after that there is no one else worth talking to,goes back to the man sitting at the bar and says,"That isn't really Magic Beer, is it?" "Yes, I'll show you." He takes a drink of the beer, jumps out the window,flies around the building 3 times and comes back in the window. The lady can't believe it: "I bet you can't do that again." He takes another drink of beer, jumps out the window, flies around the building three times, and comes back in the window. She is so amazed that she says she wants a Magic Beer, so the guy says to the bartender, "Give her one of what I'm having." She gets her drink, takes a gulp of the beer, jumps out the window, plummets 30 stories, breaks every bone in her body, and dies. The Bartender looks up at the guy and says, "What kind of bar is 30 stories high?" The guy says "rebar".   
Three perfect logicians walk into a bar.... The bartender asks "Would you all like a beer?"  The first says "I don't know."  The second says "I don't know."  The third says "Yes."
A rock walks into a bar and orders a whiskey. The bartender says, Sorry we don't serve rocks here.  "Neat."
A Soviet man walks into a car dealership Soviet: I would like a car please.  Car salesman: Ok you must pay now and you will receive your car in 10 years.  Soviet: *lays cash on table* ok this should cover it  Car salesman: Ok we’ll deliver your car in ten years  Soviet: Will it be delivered in the morning or the evening?  Car salesman: In ten years why does it matter?  Soviet: The plumber is coming in the morning. 
A limbo performer walks into a bar Poor girl got fired
Two scientists walk into a bar The first one says "I'll have some H2O."  The second one says "I'll have a glass of water, why would you call it H2O, were at a bar not the lab.  The second scientist realized that his partner is an avid Rick and Morty watcher and would only ever use proper scientific terms as his IQ is too high for a commoners shallow and pedantic language.
A good looking woman walks into a bar wearing a tube top. She raises her hand to signal the bartender for a beer, revealing that she does not shave her armpits.  Meanwhile, a sloppy drunk on the other side of the bar signals the bartender, "Buy that ballerina over there a drink on me."  The bartender replies, "What makes you think she's a ballerina?"  "Because," answers the drunken man, "any chick that can lift her leg that high has GOT to be a ballerina.
A well dressed guy walks into a bar. He orders a double Scotch straight up, and relaxes at the bar. It's almost empty at this hour, and the barkeep is at the other end washing glassware. As the man takes a sip of his drink he hears a quiet little voice saying "Nice suit you're wearing".  The man looks around and sees no one. He says to the bartender, "Hey, did you say something to me?" The bartender denies it and says he didn't hear anything. About 10 minutes pass and again he hears the quiet little voice saying "I really like your haircut". Again he looks around no one. He says to the bartender, "Hey, did you hear anything that time?" The bartender says he didn't hear anything, and that he's not the culprit. The guy returns to his glass of Scotch, and tries to relax. After about 15 minutes it happens again; "That tie was made for that shirt". The guy walks down to the bartender and says,"Look, I'm nursing the drink so I'm not drunk, but I'm hearing a little voice, I mean it's polite, even said it likes my clothes. But are you sure this isn't some kind of joke, or am I losing it?" The bartender cocks his head and thinks for a minute. Then he smiles and says "I got it. It's probably our complimentary peanuts."  
A guy walks into a bank and says to the teller at the window, "I want to open a fuckin' checking account".  To which the lady replied, "I beg your pardon, what did you say?"  "Listen up dammit, I said I want to open a fuckin' checking account right now."  "Sir, I'm sorry but we do not tolerate that kind of language in this bank!"  The teller left the window and went over to the bank manager and told him about her situation. They both returned and the manager asked, "What seems to be the problem here?"  "There's no damn problem," the man said, "I just won 50 million in the lottery and I want to open a fuckin' checking account in this damn bank!"   "I see sir," the manager said, "and this bitch is giving you a hard time?"
Two baby goats walk into a bar... Just kidding.
A man walks into a bar with his pet alligator He asks, _"Do you serve lawyers here?"_  The bartender says, _"Yes, of course we do!"_  The man says, _"OK, I'll have a beer for myself and a lawyer for my alligator."_
A man walks into a bar He asks the barkeeper: 'Are there any brothels around? I am so fucking horny right now.'  The barkeeper says: 'Well, there are no brothels here, but we have Steve.'  The man says: 'Doesn't matter. How much?'  '80 bucks', says the barkeeper.  'So, how does it work? Do I give Steve the 80 bucks directly?'  'No', says the barkeeper, '40 bucks go to the mayor, because he doesn't like that.'  'So, I give Steve only $40.'  'No', says the barkeeper, 'you give 20 bucks to me, because I don't like that in here.'  'Then I'll give Steve the remaining 20 bucks?'  'No, you give Trevor and Andy 10 bucks each. They have to hold Steve, because he doesn't like that either.'
A blind guy walks into a store with a seeing-eye dog. All of a sudden he grabs the dog by the tail and start spinning it around over his head. Horrified, a shopkeeper rushes over to him and says sir, sir are you OK?  The blind guy says sure, I’m just looking around. 
A man walks into a bar and orders nine shots of whiskey. 'Something to celebrate?' The bartender asks. 'Well,' the man answers, 'I just had my first blowjob today.' 'Congratulations! Here, the tenth shot is on me.' 'No that's okay. If nine won't get that fucking taste out of my mouth I don't know what will.'
So the CEO of EA walks into a bar.. "I'll have a beer" he says, exasperated from the recent PR firestorm.  "That'll be $1" answers the barman.  "Woah" replies the CEO, "That's great value!"  "Sure is." the barman replies. "Would you like a glass with that?"
This Guy Walks Into A Bar And Orders A Drink. This guy walks into a bar and orders a drink. As the bartender serves the drink, the guy asks, "Hey, I heard a good Aggie joke the other day. Do you want to hear it?"  The bartender says, "Well before you tell it, I should warn you that I'm an Aggie. See those two guys at the end of the bar? They're Aggies. And see those guys over at that table. They're Aggies too. Are you sure you want to tell that joke?"  The guy replied, "Hell no! I don't want to explain it five times..."
So a priest and a rabbi walk into a bar... the priest got a concussion..but the rabbi is ok.
Gamer walks into a bar He sees a guitarist playing and asks if he can do a request. He whispers the song into the guitarist ear and he agrees. Ohhhhh there once was a hero named Ragnar the red....
Proctologist walks into a bank A proctologist walked into a bank. Preparing to sign a deposit slip, he pulled a rectal thermometer out of his shirt pocket and tried to write with it. Realizing his mistake, he looked at the thermometer with  annoyance and said, "Well that's great, just great! Some asshole's got  my pen!"  
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants... A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants. Bartender asks "Dang man, doesn't that hurt?". The pirate replies "ARRRGGH IT'S DRIVING ME NUTS!!!"
2 Guys walk into a bar ...at least the third one ducks
A bear walks into a bar and says, “Give me a whiskey and … cola.” “Why the big pause?” asks the bartender.  The bear shrugged. “I’m not sure; I was born with them.”
An Scottish man walks into a bar, looking depressed. He sits down at the bar and orders a shot. The bartender hands it to him, and he downs it in one go, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand and scowling. The bartender, knowing from years of experience that this man must obviously have something he needs to get off his chest, begins buffing a glass in the usual way.  “You seem a bit down, laddie. What’s troublin’ you, friend?”  The man sighs, then orders another shot. As the bartender pours it, the man looks out the window. “You see that wall over there? That wall stretches from here to the next town. I built that wall brick by brick with my bare hands. Do they call me McManus the Wall Builder? Nah.” And he slams down the shot.   Signaling the bartender for another, he continues. “You see that church down there? That’s the largest church for twenty miles. I built that church brick by brick with my bare hands. Do they call me McManus the Church Builder? Nah.” And he quickly drank another shot.  The bartender can tell he’s in a bad spot, and starts to pour him another drink. As expected, the man continues. “Do you see all those homes out there? I built those homes, brick by brick with my bare hands. Do they call me McManus the Home Builder? Nah.”  The man cradles his shot for a moment, then finally closes his eyes and mutters under his breath...  “But you fuck ONE goat...”  Edit: Welp, can’t change the title...so it’s staying An Scottish, I guess  
A Cowboy walks into a Saloon and orders a drink While waiting on his drink he sees a big jar of money , with a sign that says „ask the bartender about  me“. He does and the bartender says we have a horse out back that is depressed and cries all the time we would like to help the horse. That money belongs to anyone that can get the horse to laugh. Man finishes his drink goes round back,  comes back a minute later and they all hear the horse laugh. He takes the money and walks out . A couple of weeks later he walks  into the same saloon and sees another jar of money and asks the bartender about it. Yeah the fucking horse hasn’t stopped laughing since you walked out of here .we liked it better wen he was crying so if you want the money you have to make horse cry. Man walks out comes back and they hear the horse crying. Bartender gives him the money and asks him how he did it? Simple the cowboy says the last  time  i told him my dick was bigger and longer then his and he started laughing this time i showed him.
Two hillbillies walk into a restaurant. While having a bit to eat, they talk about their moonshine operation. Suddenly, a woman at a nearby table, who is eating a sandwich, begins to cough.   After a minute or so, it becomes apparent that she is in real distress. One of the hillbillies looks at her and says, Kin ya swallar?'   The woman shakes her head no. Then he asks, 'Kin ya breathe?' The woman begins to turn blue, and shakes her head no.   The hillbilly walks over to the woman, lifts up her dress, yanks down her drawers, and quickly gives her right butt cheek a lick with his tongue.  The woman is so shocked that she has a violent spasm, and the obstruction flies out of her mouth. As she begins to breathe again, the Hillbilly walks slowly back to his table. His partner says, 'Ya know, I'd heerd of that there 'Hind Lick Maneuver' but I ain't niver seed nobody do it!'
A skeleton walks into a bar, orders a beer... ...and a mop 
Man &amp; his Giraffe walk into a bar The man orders a pint for himself and 1 for his giraffe. They finish the drink and the man orders another 2 pints. This keeps going until leaving time when the man and giraffe go to leave. The giraffe collapses on the walk out but the man keeps on walking. The bartender shouts " you can't leave that lying here". The man turns back and says it's not a lion its a giraffe
A man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder.... The man says to the bartender, "I bet you $100 bucks my parrot can recite the Gettysburg Address!" The parrot squawks a bit and flaps its wings. Furious, the man pays the bartender and returns home.  When they get home the man berates the parrot for failing to perform and the parrot responds, "You fool! Just think of the odds we can get next time!" 
Man walks into a bar and orders 5 shots of liquor He spills the first and the last into the spill mat, then one-gulps the other ones. The bartender notices, but says nothing since the guy paid for all 5 anyway. Then he orders another round, keeps spilling the first and the last and so on and so forth.   "Buddy, why do you keep doing that?" the bartender finally asks.  "Because you see, the first drink always makes me shiver and the last one always make me sick."
What do you call the basic unit of grammar when it walks into a maze? A lost clause.
A group of DBAs walk into a bar. The bartender says, "There's no room for you to sit together." One of the DBAs replies, "That’s okay. We can help you join some tables."
Guy walks into a tattoo parlor And asks to get a $100 bill tattooed on his dick.   When asked why he chose that tattoo, guy replies:  “I like to play with my money, I like to watch my money grow, And when the old lady wants to blow a hundred bucks, She doesn’t even have to leave the house.”
An Englishman, a Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a bar... An Englishman, a Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a bar...  The Englishman wanted to go so they all had to leave.
A dog and a cat walk into a bakery... You already know what happens.
A string walks into a bar but the bartender says, "We don't serve your kind here." The string walks out, twists himself up, and parts his hair. When he walks back in, the bartender asks," Aren't you the same guy from a moment ago?"  The string says," I'm a frayed knot."
A deist, a theist and a philosopher walks into a bar, having a heated discussion 30 minutes later, the place is on fire.   The deist immediately runs outside, cursing god regarding this broken world.   The theist prays and is shielded from the flames by the holy power.  The philosopher sits calmly in the flames, debating whether the flames are real, or indeed, existence is valid.
A Russian and a Ukrainian walk into a bakery. The Ukrainian steals 3 buns and puts them into his pockets and leaves. He says to the Russian, "That took great skill and guile to steal those buns. The owner didn't even see me."  The Russian replied, "That's just simple thievery, I'll show you how to do it the honest way and get the same results."  The Russian then proceeded to call out the owner of the bakery and says, "Sir, I want to show you a magic trick." The owner was intrigued so he came over to see the magic trick.  The Russian asked him for a bun and then he proceeded to eat it. He asked 2 more times and after eating them again the owner says, "Okay my friend, where's the magic trick?".  The Russian then said, "Look in the Ukrainian's pockets."
What is the pink panther thinking when he walks into a strip club? Tiddy - tiddy - tiddy, tiddy, tiddy, tiddy, tiddyyy
A Pirate walks into a bar (The funniest joke my friend told me, hope it hasn't been posted here before)  A Pirate enters a bar and goes to the bartender to ask for a drink.  The bartender eyes the pirate and asks him how he ended up looking like that.  "Ah you must mean the peg-leg, me lad. 'Tis a fine tale where I fought the dreaded kraken in the Bermuda. It started dragging me under so I had to cut off me own leg with me cutlass."  The bartender shook his head, "No actually, I was wondering about-"  "Oh ho, so me eyepatch has caught your interest, has it? That was from a harrowing adventure where me and me crew took on the dreaded Blackbeard and made him scurry away with his tail between his legs. During that duel he took me eye out before running away."  The bartender shook his head again, "Those are some really interesting stories but what's got my attention the most is the steering wheel attached to your crotch."  The Pirate gets visibly upset and says to the bartender, "Arrr, why is that the only thing people ever ask me about any more, It's driving me nuts!"
A vegan and an atheist walk into a bar... I know because they told everyone immediately. 
A chicken walks into a library... ...goes up to the desk and says "Bok." The librarian hesitates for a bit, but hands the chicken a book. Looking satisfied, the chicken walks out.  The next day, the chicken comes back, returning the book. Then it says "Bok. Bok. Boook." The librarian is amazed how quickly the chicken read the book, so he gives it three more.  The next day, the chicken comes back again, returns all three books and goes "Bok. Bok. Bok. Bok. Bok." "Wow", thinks the librarian, "what an astoundingly well-read chicken." So he gives the chicken five books, but this time follows it in secret to see just how quickly the chicken reads the books.  He manages to follow the chicken to a tiny, tiny hut, where a frog lays in bed, apparently sick. The chicken walks up to the frog and shows him the books, to which the frog replies. "Read it. Read it. Read it..."
A sans-serif face walks into the street and is hit by a Swiss Modernist truck. The carnage is grotesk… but you know akzidenz happen.
A pirate walks into a bar He yells at the bartender « One beer for me ! » The parrot on his shoulder yells too « And one coke for me ! » The pirate glares at his bird, and says angrily « You won't have any coke, stay quiet. »  The pirate drinks his beer, and he yells again « Another one ! » Once more, the parrot yells « And one coke for me ! » The pirate turns the parrot and warns him « I said you won't have any drinks, if you ask one more time, I'll nail you to the wall. »  Time passes by and the bartender isn't back with the second drink. The pirate shouts « Bartender ! When will this beer be in my hands ? » The parrot continues with « And when will this coke arrive ? »  Fed up, the pirate nails the parrot to the wall, next to a crucified Jesus statue. The parrot turns his head to the statue, examine it for a few seconds, then says « Oh, you too were asking for a coke, right ? »  
An Irish man walks into a bar... An Irish man walks into a bar.  The bartender looks at him and notices he has a steering wheel stuck down the front of his pants.   "Hey," he says, "What's with the steering wheel down your pants?"   "Ach," says the Irish man, "it's drivin' me nuts!"
A man walks into a resteraunt A man entered a restaurant and sat at the only open table. As he sat down, he knocked the spoon off the table with his elbow. A nearby waiter reached into his shirt pocket, pulled out a clean spoon, and set it on the table. The diner was impressed. "Do all the waiters here carry spoons in their pockets?"  The waiter replied, "Yes. Ever since an Efficiency Expert visited our restaurant... He determined that 17.8% of our diners knock the spoon off the table. By carrying clean spoons with us, we save trips to the kitchen."  The diner ate his meal. As he was paying the waiter, he commented, "Forgive the intrusion, but do you know that you have a string hanging from your fly?"  The waiter replied, "Yes, we all do. Seems that the same Efficiency Expert determined that we spend to much time washing our hands after using the men's room. So, the other end of that string is tied to my penis. When I need to go, I simply pull the string, do my thing, and then return to work. Having never touched myself, there really is no need to wash my hands. Saves a lot of time."  "Wait a minute," said the diner, "how do you get your penis back in your pants?"  "Well, I don't know about the other guys, but I use the spoon."
A woman walks into a bar and asks for a double entendre... ...so the barman gives her one.
if a women walks into a jungle and says something but there is no man around is she still wrong?
A termite walks into a bar And asks "where the bartender?"
A lizard walks into a bar, pushing a baby in a stroller. The bartender asks, "What's the kid's name?" "Tiny", replies the lizard, "because... he's my newt."
A man walks into a bar with a newt on his shoulder. He asks for a coke and a mango juice for his newt Tiny.  The bartender asks “Why is he called Tiny?”  And the man replies “Because he’s my newt!”   Edit: I have replied to the comments and removed my edits
An Australian walks into a bar... A Kiwi and a Brit are sharing a drink and watching the football game.  "Neville, have you ever heard of a Moa?" asks the New Zealander  "Can't say I have" replies the englishman  "Exactly"  The Australian walks out of the bar.
A man walks into a bar... ...and sees two obese women having a conversation. He walks up to them and notices they have an accent. He says, "hello ladies, I like your accent is it from Scotland?" One of the women replies, "It's Wales you idiot." The man says to the women, " I'm sorry, hello whales, is your accent from Scotland?"
A kid walks into a whorehouse.. Dragging a dead frog behind him on a string. He walks up to the manager and says "I want the nastiest, dirtiest, most disease ridden whore you have." The manager says "What? Are you out of your mind? You're a kid, and you need to get out of here now!"  The kid reaches into his pocket and slaps a roll of hundreds on the counter. The manager looks at the money for a moment, sighs, then grabs it and hands the kid a key. "Room 12, and don't tell anyone."  About a half hour later the kid leaves the room and begins to walk out the door. The manager stops him saying " kid wait! I've gotta know. Why did you want the nastiest dirtiest, most disease ridden girl we had?" The kid responds "do you really want to know?" And the manager nods his head.  The kid says "today's Thursday, and I just fucked the girl up in that room. Tomorrow my parents are going out to dinner, so they are going to ask the babysitter to watch me. When they go out to dinner, I'm going to fuck the babysitter. When they get back, my dad is gonna drive her home. When he does, he's gonna fuck the babysitter. When he gets back from dropping her off, he's gonna fuck my mom. Then tomorrow when my dad goes to work, my moms gonna fuck the mailman"  "And you know what mister? That's the son of a bitch who ran over my frog."
Ayn Rand, Ron Paul and Paul Ryan walk into a bar. The bartender serves them drinks made with tainted alcohol because there are no regulations, they all die. 
A man walks into a barber shop and says, "I'll have a shave and a shoe shine." The barber lathers his face and sharpens the straight edge while a woman with the biggest, most beautiful breasts he has ever seen kneels down and shines his shoes.  The man says, "You and I should spend some time in a hotel room."  She replies, "My husband wouldn't like that."  The man says, "Tell him you're working overtime, and I'll pay you the difference."  She says, "You tell him.   He's the one shaving you."
A pirate walks into a bar... A pirate walks into a bar, sits down and orders a drink. The barkeep obliges, brings a drink for the pirate, and he notices there is a steering wheel in the pirates pants.  The barkeep was too curious to not inquire what was going on. "Excuse me sir, can I ask why there is a steering wheel in your pants?"  The pirate responded, "Arrggg, I not be sure, but it's driving me nuts."
A cowboy walks into a bar and orders a drink. When the bartender delivers it, the cowboy looks around and notices the bar is completely deserted other than himself and the bartender... "Where is everybody? This place is usually packed this time of day," the cowboy says.  The bartender replies, "They've gone to the hanging."   "Hanging? Who are they hanging?"  "Brown Paper Pete," says the bartender.  "What kind of name is that? Why do they call him Brown Paper Pete?" the cowboy asks.  "Well," says the bartender, "he wears a brown paper hat, brown paper shirt, brown paper trousers and brown paper shoes."  "Weird guy," says the cowboy. "What are they hanging him for?"  "Rustling," says the bartender.
A Texan walks into a pub in Ireland... The Texan clears his voice to the crowd of drinkers and says, "I hear you Irish are a bunch of hard drinkers. I'll give $500 American dollars to anybody in here who can drink 10 pints of Guinness back-to-back."  The room is quiet and no one takes up the Texan's offer. One man even leaves. Thirty minutes later the same gentleman who left shows back up and taps the Texan on the shoulder. "Is your bet still good?", asks the Irishman.  The Texan says yes and asks the bartender to line up 10 pints of Guinness. Immediately the Irishman tears into all 10 of the pint glasses drinking them all back-to-back. The other pub patrons cheer as the Texan sits in amazement.  The Texan gives the Irishman the $500 and says, "If ya don't mind me askin', where did you go for that 30 minutes you were gone?"  The Irishman replies, "Oh...I had to go to the pub down the street to see if I could do it first".
A man walks into a bar. First thing he notices is two pieces of meat hanging from the ceiling... He sits down at the bar and says "what's with the meat?"  The bartender replies "Ah that's our game. The rules are simple, if you can jump in the air and touch both pieces of meat before your feet touch the floor, everyone else in the bar will buy your drinks for the evening, but if you can't then you have to buy everyone else's drinks. Would you like to play?"  The man considers for a second and then says "Nah, steaks are too high".  
A three-legged dog walks into a bar and puts a shotgun on the table.... Barman asks, *" How can I help you?*    "I'm looking for the guy who shot my paw"
The Seven Deadly Sins walk into a bar The Seven Deadly Sins walk into a bar. The bar tender asks each what they want to drink. Sloth says: I'll have a Sleepy Sipper Gluttony says: I'll have the Thanksgiving Special Envy says: I'll have what they're having. Lust says: I'll have a Sexy Serenade Pride says: I'll have the strongest drink you have to offer Wrath says: I'll have the Temper, Temper When it's finally Greed's turn to order he says: I guess I'll just take the check =(
A cowboy walks into a saloon Its empty but for the barkeep.  "Where is everyone?" cowboy asked  "They ran. Hiding.  The black rider is coming" said the old man  "Why are they afraid of the black rider, whos he" puzzled cowboy asked   "He will kill any men, women and some say even children that he sees on Sundays.  Today is Sunday.   A town over was completely wiped out 2 weeks ago while they were leveling the church as he was riding through" said the barkeep in a shaky voice  "Why are you not hiding then"   "Because he completely burned down the previous town become the bar was closed.  He does not seem to kill barkeepers" smiled the old man  "Well, not to call you a lier sir, but I will take my chances even if im not much of a fighter.  Your story is too bizarre to be true.  A beer if you will kind sir" said the cowboy in a tired voice.  "Of course" said the old man.  As soon as the cowboy took a first sip of beer, the swinging saloon doors flew across the room, and when the dust settled, there was a man on a horse where the door once stood.   The horse was black as night and the man riding it was wearing all black leather; pants, boots, coat, hat, everything.  Even his pistols were made of black steel, hanging in black holsters.  His eyes, mustache and beard, his hair, all black as sin.  Its almost as if the air itself around him was black too.  The rider got off his horse and hurriedly walked straight over to where our petrified cowboy was sitting.  With the right hand on his holstered black pistol, in the most thundering voice the cowboy has ever heard, the rider said  "On. Your. Knees"  The cowboy instinctively complied as he could muster no strength to say anything.  Then as soon as the cowboy's knees touched the ground, the rider, with a single motion of his left hand, in a split second, he whipped out his cock in front of cowboys face.  The rider didn't even say a word, he only gazed at the cowboy with his abyssal eyes.  The cowboy likewise didn't say anything, he knew exactly what he had to do, and so he did.  About 5 minutes later, the rider spoke again.  "Do it faster idiot, the black rider is coming, he'll kill us both"
A cowboy walks into a bar... A cowboy walks into a bar and orders a drink, as a woman comes in and sits next to him. After a few minutes, she asks "Are you a real cowboy?". "Well, I work on a barn, watch my cattle and fix the fences, I guess I'm a real cowboy."  The woman says "Hm, I'm a lesbian. I think of women the whole day. When I get up, when I brush my teeth, when I go to work and when I go to bed. I can’t stop thinking of women."  An hour later, the lesbian left already, a couple sits next to the cowboy. The wife turns to the cowboy and asks "So are you a real cowboy?" And the cowboy replies "Well I thought I was, but it seems like I’m a lesbian."  *Source:* Plato and a Platypus walk into a bar...
A guy walks into a bar with an octopus He tells the bartender “I bet you a night of free drinks that my octopus can play any instrument you give it.”  Bartender says “you’re on,” and goes into the back. He comes back with a flute, and tosses it at the octopus. It takes the octopus a second but he starts playing the flute. Bartender frowns but goes back for another instrument and comes out with a trumpet. Octopus starts playing jazz. This goes on for a few more instrument until the bartender says “AHA! I have an instrument that octopus will never be able to play.” He disappears into the back and after a few minutes come back with some bagpipes. He tosses the heap at the octopus, and it wriggles around on the ground, making a few squawking noises but no music. Bartender laughs at the guy, “told you he wouldn’t be able to play it.” Guy says “just wait a minute. Once he figures out he can’t fuck it, he’ll play it.”
A roll of duct tape walks into a bar. Bartender, polishing up a glass, asks politely: “What can I get you?”   The duct tape looks around, thinks for a moment and says,  “I think I’ll just stick to my usual.”
Two chemists walk into a bar The first walks up to the bartender and says “I’ll have an H2O”. Bartender gives him his drink. The second chemist walks up and says “I’ll have an H2O too”. The second one dies.
An amnesiac walks into a bar. He walks right up to the bartender and asks "so, do I come here often?"
2 men walk into a bar The 3rd one ducked.
An engineer, a physicist, a mathematician, and a statistician all walk into different rooms, each containing a bucket of water and a garbage can that is on fire. The engineer walks into his room. He sees the fire, then sees the bucket. He immediately grabs the bucket and dumps the whole thing on the fire to put it out.  The physicist walks into his room and sees the fire and bucket. He takes out a sheet of paper and calculates exactly how much water he needs to extinguish the fire, carefully measures it from the bucket, and puts out the fire, not a drop wasted.  The mathematician walks into his room and sees the fire and bucket. He looks back at the fire, then back at the bucket. He throws his arms into the air and exclaims “A SOLUTION EXISTS!!!” and walks out of the room.  Two weeks later, the statistician is charged with several counts of arson. When questioned by the police, he says “I saw a fire and didn’t know what to do so I increased my sample size”
A neutron walks into a bar, and orders a drink. "How much do I owe you?" asks the neutron to the bartender.  "For you sir, there is no charge"
Three guys walk into a bar  You'd think that one of them would have seen it.. he he..
A gorilla walks into a bar A gorilla goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini. He then walks back over to the give it to the gorilla, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a gorilla walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.  So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the gorilla notices anything."  So he walks back over to the gorilla and hands him a dollar change. The gorilla doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.  "You know," he says to the gorilla, "we don't get too many gorillas in here."  And the gorilla says, "At nineteen dollars a drink I'm not surprised."
A black hole walks into a bar... The bartender says "hey buddy, what can I get you to drink?" And the black hole crushes the entire bar into oblivion.
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
A group of blondes walk into a bar, all of them chanting "Twenty-four days! Twenty-four days!" They got a table and continued to yell "Twenty-four days! Twenty-four days!" They started hooting and high-fiving each other as well. Intrigued, the bartender walks over to the table and sees a finished child's puzzle with Sesame Street's Elmo on it. "What are we celebrating?" asks the bartender.  "We finished this puzzle in twenty-four days," said one of the blondes,"but the box label said '3 to 5 years'!"
A man walks into a bank, because his credit score is mysteriously low. He doesn't understand this.  He knew that he had paid all his debts, repaid all his loans, the whole shebang.  He enters the bank and walks up to the bank teller.  "Hi," he says.  "I've noticed that my credit score seems a little low.  Could you please check why?"  "Alright," says the teller.  A moment passes, after which she says, "Well, it seems that all your debts are satisfied, except for one."  "What?  What is it?" the man says with trepidation.  "You borrowed a pencil from Elliot in eighth grade, and never gave it back."
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar Now you can’t tell me that’s just coincidence!
A man walks into a zoo, and there's only one dog. So the man said... "That's a ShihTzu!"
An old Asian man walks into a hardware store. He says to the worker, “I want two screwdriver.” The worker goes to the back and grabs them and comes back and sells them to the man. The old man seems a little confused but buys them and leaves. A little while later the old man returns upset.   The worker asks him what’s wrong.  “I give those sticks to delivery man and he still won’t let me near him.”
A man walks into a bar.. He sees a piece of steak hanging from the ceiling. He asks the bartender what’s that for? The bartender replies “If you can jump up there and touch that steak I’ll buy you a drink, but if you jump and miss it, you have to buy me a drink, want to try?”  The man replies, no thanks, the steaks are too high.
A guy walks into a bar wiht a monkey on his shoulder. The guy sits down gets his drink and then the monkey jumps off his shoulder onto the bar. The monkey runs down the bar eating all the lemons, limes and cherries.  Bartender: What the hell man?!  Guy: I'm sorry, I just got him and I'm still training him. I'll pay for it.  &amp;#x200B;  The guy comes back the next week with the monkey again. Same thing happens he gets his drink and the monkey takes off down the bar eating all the lemons, limes, cherries, and to top it off steals someone's french fries.  &amp;#x200B;  Bartender: THAT WAS SOMEONES FOOD!  Guy: I'm sorry, I'm still training him. I'll pay for it.  &amp;#x200B;  Another week goes by and the guy comes back again. Monkey is off to the races down the bar eating all the lemons, limes, cherries, someone's french fries. Then he jumps on the pool table and picks up the cue ball and swallows it whole.  &amp;#x200B;  Bartender: JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!  Guy: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'll pay for it.  &amp;#x200B;  Guy comes in again the following week gets his drink and the monkey takes off. He goes down the bar eating all the lemons, limes but freezes when gets to the cherries. He picks one up shoves it up his ass, pulls it out then eats it.  &amp;#x200B;  Bartender: I'M DONE WITH THIS FUCKING SHIT!  Guy: I'm so sorry, ever since he ate that cue ball he's been measuring!
a cowboy walks into a saloon He picks his gun out of his holster and shoots the lamp hanging just above him. After that everybody looked at the cowboy wondering why he did that.  The cowboy waited for a few seconds and then said: ‘who had sex with my wife!’ Everybody was silent for a good minute until ol’ Joe in the back said: ‘ you are gonna run out of bullets pretty soon i’m afraid!’
Two visionaries walk into a bar... which is stupid 'cause the second one should've seen it.
Guy walks into a bar, sits, and orders a beer from the bartender. As he is sipping his beverage, he looks down and sees a gorilla sitting at the other end.  He asks the bartender, "What's with the gorilla?"  The bartender says, "Oh, that's Mable. She does a trick. Want to see it?"  "Sure."  So the bartender whistles and Mable comes lumbering down the length of the bar.  The bartender pulls out a heavy steel pipe and hits the gorilla in the side of its head. The gorilla drops to its knees and starts giving the bartender a blow job.  "Wow!", says the guy.  The bartender says "Pretty amazing, huh? You want to try?"  The guys says, "Yeah, sure! Just don't hit me so hard."
Indiana Jones, Lara Croft, and Nathan Drake walk into an ancient temple that has been lost for centuries. They blow it up.
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Wow! I’ve never served a weasel before. What Can I get ya?”  “Pop.” Goes the Weasel.
An Irishman walks into a bar..... Paudie goes into a bar and orders seven shots of tequila and one Guinness.  The barman lines up shots and goes to get the Guinness.  When he comes back with the pint, all seven shots are gone.  The barman says: “Wow! You sure drank those fast.”  Paudie explains: "You would drink fast too if you had what I have.”  The barman asks: “What do you have?”  The guy reaches into his pocket and says: “Fifty cents!”
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender looks up and says "Wow! In all my years tending bar, I've never had a weasel stop by. What can I get you?"  "Pop." Goes the weasel. 
A man and his wife walk into a bar A man and his wife walk into a bar. "Bartender! I'd like a beer, but my wife needs something a little stronger."  So the bartender pushes the man to the ground and walks out with his wife. 
Wife walks into the kitchen and sees hubby stalking around with a fly swatter.   "What are you doing ?" she asked  "Hunting flies." he responded  "ohhh .... killing any ?" she asked  "yep ... 3 males and 2 females." he replied  Intrigued, she asked "How can you tell ?"  He responded "3 were on a beer can ... and 2 were on the phone."
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. Bartender says, 'Sorry we don't serve food here.'
A midget walks into a bar ...sorry, this joke set the bar real low.
A weasel walks into a bar The bartender exclaims “Well I’ll be! We’ve never have a weasel in here before. Whatever you’d like, you may have. What’ll it be?”  “Pop,” goes the weasel. 
A weasel walks into a bar The bartender goes "Wow! In all my years working here I've never seen a weasel come here before! What can I get you?"  "Pop", goes the Weasel.
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
A man walks into a bar The man says "can I get a bloody Mary?" The bartender says "a what?" "A bloody Mary" "A what??" "Bloody Mary!" The Bartender laughs maniacally. The man realizes what he has done
A goldfish walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "What'll you have?"  The fish suddenly began to glance around nervously.  "Oh, my God," it muttered.  "How long have I been here?"
A toothless beaver walks into a bar and asks... Is the bar tender here?
A man walks into a bar and he sees this small man playing the piano. The man, astounded, asks the bartender why there is a small man playing the piano in the bar. The bartender pulls out a dusty old lamp and says that there is a genie in there and that he would grant one wish to anyone who frees him. So the man walks outside the bar with the lamp, rubs it and sure enough a genie comes out. "Thank you for freeing me. For this, you can have one wish." So the man thinks for a bit and shouts, "I want a million ducks!" and as soon as he said it, money fell from the sky, hundreds and thousands of cash scattered everywhere. So the man collects all the cash and walks back into the bar to return the lamp. The bartender, who witnessed the whole event asks, "Wow, how did you know that the genie was hard of hearing?" "Well," the man replies, "I see this joke posted here every day."
A guy walks into a bar He says to the bartender, "Give me a beer, anything but Budweiser".  He drinks his beer, and again asks for anything but Budweiser.  The Bartender asks,"What's wrong with Budweiser?"  The patron replies, "Oh man, last time I had Budweiser, I got really messed up and blew chunks all night long!"  The Bartender says "Hey man, it's not that bad, we've all been there".   The guy replies "No, you don't understand, Chunks is my dog".
A man walks into a bar and notices a sign advertising "World famous punch!" The man thinks, "Awesome! I love punch!"  He approaches the bartender and asks, "Hey barkeep, saw your sign. I'd love some punch!"  The bartender replies, "Sure thing buddy, you just have to wait in the line."  The man looks around and doesn't see anything.
A guy walks into a bar for time travellers. “The usual?” asks the bartender.  “But I’ve never been here before.”  “You will have been, and also, you still haven’t paid your tab from next week.”
A piece of string walks into a racist bar and asks for a shot of whiskey. The bartender says ‘bugger off, we don’t serve your kind here!’ So the piece of string walks into the bathroom, ruffles up his hair and twists himself around a little. He walks back to the bar and the bartender asks ‘weren’t you here a minute ago?’  The String replies, ‘no sir. I’m a frayed Knot’
A flock of birds walk into a bar, look around, then head for the door.  Bartender says, “Hey, what’s the matter?”   One of the birds says, “oh, it's just that this place looked seedier on the outside.”
Jimmy Wales walks into a bar [citation needed]
A man walks into a therapist's office wearing nothing except Saran Wrap The therapist says, "clearly I can see your nuts"
A pirate walks into a bar... with a steering wheel attached to his crotch.  Bartender looks up and says, "Hey, whats with the steering wheel attached to your crotch?"  Pirate says, "I dont know, but its drivin' me nuts!"
A man walks into a bar. There goes his dreams of winning the limbo competition.
The world's leading expert on European wasps walks into... The world's leading expert on European wasps walks into a record shop.  He asks the assistant. “Do you have ‘European Vespidae Acoustics Volume 2? I believe it was released this week.”  “Certainly.” Replies the assistant. “Would you like to listen before you buy it?”  "That would be wonderful." Says the expert and puts on a pair of headphones.  He listens for a few moments and says to the assistant, “I'm terribly sorry, but I am the world's leading expert on European wasps and this is not accurate at all. I don't recognize any of those sounds. Are you sure this is the correct recording?”  The assistant checks the turntable, and replies that it is indeed European Vespidae Acoustics Volume 2. The assistant apologizes and lifts the needle onto the next track.  Again the expert listens for a few moments and then says to the assistant, "No, this just can't be right! I've been an expert in this field for 43 years and I still don't recognize any of these sounds."  The assistant apologizes again and lifts the needle to the next track.  The expert throws off the headphones as soon as it starts playing and is fuming with rage.  "This is outrageous false advertising! I am the world's leading expert on European wasps and no European wasp has ever made a sound like the ones on this record!"  The manager of the shop overhears the commotion and walks over.  "What seems to be the problem, sir?"  "This is an outrage! I am the world's leading expert on European wasps. Nobody knows more about them than I do. There is no way in hell that the sounds on that record were made by European wasps!"  The manager glances down and notices the problem instantly.  "I'm terribly sorry, sir. It appears we've been playing you the bee side."
A chemist walks into his pharmacy A chemist walks into his pharmacy and sees a man standing in the corner with his hand on his stomach. He asks his assistant what happened. "the man came in with a cough but since we were out of cough syrup I gave him a laxative" his assistant says. "you can't treat a cough with a laxative" the chemist says. "sure you can, see how scared he is to cough"
A pirate walks into a bar... [Long] A pirate walks into a bar.  He has two peg legs, two hooks for hands, and is wearing two eyepatches.  As he sits at the bar, one of the patrons turns to him and says, "Excuse me, I can't help but notice you have two peg legs.  How did that happen?"     The pirate responds, "Yarrr, matey.  I was adrift in a lifeboat off the coast of Zanzibar but a month ago. To pass the time, I be dangling me feet in the water, when all at once, a bloomin' great white shark severed me legs at the knees.  I was lucky to have an abundance of belts to make a pair of tourniquets with to survive until me crew found me."     "Ah, an unlucky day at sea," the patron responded.  "And, the hooks for hands?"     "A fortnight past, I was fighting one of the greatest sword fighters who ever lived.  He be a Spaniard and a bastard.  I might have taken him had I still had both me legs, footwork being so important to the art of fencing, but I lost the duel.  Rather than take me life, he took both me hands instead."     "How terrible of him," the patron said, waiting a moment to inquire further.  "And... what happened to your eyes?"     "That happened just outside this bar yesterday.  Looking up at the evening air, grateful to still be breathin' the fresh air, happy to so be shipping out soon with a fresh crew, despite me misfortunes... a seagull shat in both me eyes."  The pirate took a long drink from his flagon at this, seemingly done.     Confused, the patron asked, "Seagull droppings can destroy your eyes?"     "Well laddie, when you go to clean the shit out and forget you've got two hooks for hands..."
A raving lunatic walks into an arena with a whole load of Nuclear weapons at his disposal Can't decide whether to make the joke about Trump or Putin
A Priest walks into a pet shop. The priest begins to look around and he notices a parrot,so he goes up to the counter and he asked the store owner to purchase a parrot.   The store owner was one of the members of the church and he told the priests that he did not want the parrot as it swore like a sailor.  the priest didn't believe him and said I want the parrot anyways so he took the pair of home and once he got inside he sat down to watch some television.  Because it was summer and the priests did not have air conditioning it was sweltering inside the house and after a little bit of relaxation time if yours from his side, (Jesus it's hot.)  The priest thought he was hearing things but then he heard it again ( My balls are sweatim, Jesus it's hot)  The priest said Petey you can't say this, but the parrot kept going (Jesus it's hot. Motherfucker Im gonna die.)  Finally the priesthood had enough and he began swinging the parrot by his legs.  The parrot was thrilled saying (whee feel the fucking breeze.)  just pissed off for the priest even farther and so he placed his pet parrot in the freezer, after about 5 minutes he retrieved the parrot from the freezer and the parrot said. (I am terribly sorry for inconveniencing you I promise never to do it again may I ask just one question?) Sure the priest said, (What did the turkey do to deserve that?)
A panda walks into a bar He sits at the bar, and orders some food.  The food comes, and he eats.  Once he's done, he jumps up, pulls out 2 pistols, and shoots wildly around the bar.  He then turns to leave.  The bartender says "Hey, what the hell is your problem?"  The panda says "I'm a panda, look it up!"  The bartender pulls out his phone and looks for info on pandas.  The website reads:  "Pandas are large bears native to south central China.  Eats shoots and leaves."
A billionaire, a schmuck and an immigrant walk into a bakery... The billionaire takes 9 out of the 10 cakes in the store, points to the immigrant and tells the schmuck: "Watch out, he's gonna take that 1 cake".
A bear walks into bar. Bartender asks, “What would you like to drink”? Bear says, “I’ll have a rum and coke... My Boss: What’s the joke? I don’t get it.  Me: What do you mean you don’t get it? Just think about it.  My Boss: The Bear can talk?  Me: No, that’s not the joke.  My Boss: The Bear can walk into a bar?  Me: No, that’s not the joke either.  My Boss: The Bear likes to drink?  Me: No, you’re overthinking it.  My Boss: Okay can you just explain it to me then?  Me: Of course not that would ruin the joke!  ***Conversation eventually changes topics because my boss doesn’t care anymore, I leave work a few hours later***  ***I go to my boss’s office the next morning***  Me: Hey can I ask you about something?  My Boss: Yeah sure what is it?   Me: ...and would you mind throwing a few ice cubes in there?” Bartender asks, “Why the long pause?” Bear replies, “I was born with them!”   Anyways, I need a new job so if anyone’s hiring please let me know.
If you’re an American when you walk into the bathroom, and you’re an American when you walk out, what are you when you’re in the bathroom? European
A Blind man walks into a Bar And a pole, and a trashcan
A fan walks into a bar, turns to the bartender and... then back to the door, then to the bartender and back to the door...
A lady walks into Tiffany's... A lady walks into Tiffany's...she looks around, spots a beautiful diamond bracelet and walks over to inspect it.    As she bends over to look more closely, she unexpectedly farts.  Very embarrassed, she looks around nervously to see if anyone noticed her little toot and prays that a salesperson was not anywhere near.  As she turns around, her worst nightmare materializes in the form of a salesman standing right behind her.  Good looking, cool as a cucumber, he displays all of the qualities one would expect of a professional in a store like Tiffany's.  He politely greets the lady with, “good day, madam.  How may we help you today?”  Blushing and uncomfortable, but still hoping that the salesman somehow missed her little 'incident', she asks, "sir, what is the price of this lovely bracelet?"  He answers, "madam...if you farted just looking at it - you're going to shit when I tell you the price."
A chicken walks into a library ... and says to the librarian:  ”Book, book, book”  The librarian hand the chicken three books. On the way out, the chicken encounters a frog. The chicken shows the books to the frog and says:  ”Book, book, book.”  The frog replies:  ”Reddit, reddit, reddit.”
A lizard walks into a bar pushing a baby in a stroller.  "What's your kid's name?" asks the bartender. "Tiny," says the lizard. "Because he's my newt."
A moderator from Poland walks into a chatroom of people arguing. "This place is gonna need some *polishing*."
A vegan, a bitcoin investor and someone who didn't vote in 2016 all walk into a bar. Who tells you about it first?
A man walks into a bar with an overweight donkey and a sour looking cat.      He sits down, and asks for a 1 beer. He gets a bucket of water for the donkey, and milk for the cat. The cat looks at the milk and scowls in disgust. The man explains that the cat only drinks 2% milk and nothing else.       After drinking he reaches into his pocket and pulls out the exact amount of money needed. The bartender is astonished at this but decides not to question it.       The man asks for another beer and again, a bucket of water and 2% milk for the cat. He then pays the exact amount again after the trio finish their drinks. The bartender is astonished once again.         The man is not satisfied yet and requests for 3 beers, a cart full of water for the fat donkey and a jug of 2% milk for the cat.       After their fulfilling drinks, the man pulls out the exact amount of money for the bartender. The bartender, happy, asks how the man can pull out such specific amounts of money out of his pocket.       The man explains that he once found a genie in a vase. The genie granted him three wishes, and the man wished to pull out the exact amount of money needed out of his pocket anytime at anyplace.        The bartender nods his head and says that that is a wise wish. He then asks what the other two wishes were.        The man says that he didn’t exactly get what he wanted for the other two wishes. The bartender is extremely curious and asks what they are.        “Well,” the man says, “Let’s just say that ‘thicc ass’ and ‘tight pussy’ can have two meanings and I didn’t get the one I wanted.”
A deep thinker walks into a bar The bartender says "we don't serve 14 year olds"
A man walks into the tailors and asks to try on some of the suits The salesman obliges and gives him some options. The customer, however, hates all the options and after an hour of trying them on, throws the suits down in disgust. “These are all terrible!”, he cries.   Exasperated, the salesman throws his hands in the air and says, “Fine, suit yourself!” 
A Man walks into a bar with a newt on his shoulder. The bartender says “What an interesting pet, whats his name?” “Tiny” the man replies. “What an odd name, why do you call him Tiny?”  "Because…He’s my newt.   Edit: thank you for the Silver!!
A black boy walks into the kitchen... ...where his mother is baking and accidentally pulls the flour over onto his head. He turns to his mother and says, “Look Mama, I’m a white boy!” His mother smacks him and says, “Go tell your Daddy what you just said!” The boy finds his father and says, “Look Daddy, I’m a white boy!” His Daddy bends him over, spanks him, stands the boy back up, and says, “Now, what do you have to say for yourself?” The boy replies, “I’ve only been a white boy for five minutes and I already hate you black people!”
An angry cowboy walks into a saloon... When he entered, the music and everybody else went silent. Everybody saw he was angry.                          He goes to the bartender and asks for a drink. The bartender, rapidly, serves his drink.              After drinking, the angry cowboy asks the bartender in a raspy voice:  &gt;- Who killed my monkey?                                  &gt;- 'Scuse me sir, what? *the bartender asks*                      *BANG*                                The angry cowboy shot the bartender &amp; killed him. Everybody else still kept silent but now they were afraid as ever. The cowboy gets off his seat and goes to a nearby scared client. The cowboy asks:  &gt;- Who killed my monkey?                                    &gt;- Uh I-I don't... *the scared man tries to answer*                               *BANG*                            The angry cowboy shot the scared man &amp; killed him. He goes to the saloon girl and asks her the same question:  &gt;- You... Who killed my monkey?                     The saloon girl turns to her colleague &amp; gestures to start playing the tack piano. She looks an the angry cowboy:  &gt;- ♫ *Whooo-oo-ooooo kiiiilleed mmyyyyy monkeeeeyyy* ♫                                
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says "Wow! I've never served a weasel before, so what can I get you?" "Pop" goes the weasel. 
An Astronaut walks into a ship... Astronaut: “Ouch!”
A weasel walks into a gas station with a ski mask and a gun, demanding that the cashier puts everything in a bag for him. The cashier says “wow! A weasel!! I’ve never seen one in real life before!” *pop goes the weasel 
A homeless man walks into a cafe and asks for a cup of coffee. The barista, taken aback by his appearance, tells him that he needs to pay for that coffee.  “How about this.” and then he pulled a frog out of his pocket that started to beautifully play the piano.  The barista is amazed and offers him a cup of coffee on the house. After a while, the hobo finishes his coffee and asks for another.  “No, you pay...  unless you have another miracle to show us.”  The hobo promptly pulls out a gerbil that begins to sing the current pop song perfectly. Immediately after a man sitting next to him says “I’ll buy that gerbil for one thousand bucks!”  The hobo agrees and the man leaves with his new pet, much to the dismay of the barista.  “How could you take that deal! That gerbil is worth millions!”  The hobo stops drinking his coffee and says: “you see, the frog is also a ventriloquist.”
Two hungry donuts walk into a coffee shop Donut called Carl ask Aisley. "I think I'll order just bunch of donuts". Aisley looks him angry and goes "Do not.." 
A man walks into a bar Thankfully I ducked 
A whale walks into a bar... The bartender immediately stops the whale as he enters. Holding both hands up, the bartender begins shouting,  "Woah, woah there, whale! What are you doing here?! This is a bar! This is no place for whales!"   The bartender notices this upright whale is wearing a top hat and carrying a Scooby Doo lunchbox.  "How are you even walking on your fins? Don't you know you belong in the ocean, swimming? Like, I get it, whales are mammals so you can breathe air but don't you need to be wet? Won't you dry out on land?"  Becoming more and more flabbergasted, the bartender continues,  "Besides, why is a whale wearing a top hat? You're not wearing pants or a shirt. I get that animals don't need to wear clothes but now that you're wearing a hat and nothing else, it seems obscene. Wear a whole outfit or wear nothing at all! Besides, who brings a lunchbox to a bar? I get that whales typically eat plankton or some shit but we serve food here, you can't bring outside food, that's standard for any bar! And do you even have money? Do you know how much alcohol it'll take to get you drunk? You must weigh five tons! I don't even know if there is enough alcohol in this bar! This is all very odd to me, a whale standing upright coming into a bar?!?! Do you intend to drink us out of business!?!?.....Well, whale, what do you have to save for yourself!?!?"  The whale replies in the deepest of baritons, "Whuauauaua..."
Guy walks into a bar He walks up to the bar and orders a shot and a beer. he notices a jar of $100 bills on the bar. He says what’s up with the jar of $100 bills? The bartender says “well, thats from our man challenge that no one’s ever completed, if you win you get the whole jar." The guy says “I’m in what do i have to do?” The bartender says first you have to go knock out that bouncer with one punch, then we have a pit bull chained up outback with an infected tooth that you have to pull. Last but not least we have an old hooker upstairs who’s never been satisfied by a man that you have to satisfy.” The guy says “ok wtf I’m in” He drops a hundo in the jar slams the shot and goes over and “Boom”, knocks the guy out with one punch. He walks back to the bar and orders a beer and two more shots and slams them back to back. He then proceeds to go out back where an epic struggle takes place. The guy comes back in bloody and disheveled. He  immediately walks to the bar and orders three shots and a beer, slams them back to back, then says “Ok, now where is this whore with a bad tooth?”
A White Man and a Black Man Walk Into A Bar "Ouch!" They Both Exclaim.
An Atheist, a Christian and a Buddhist all walk into a bar. What a diverse neighborhood.
A beautiful woman walks into a bar She winks at the bartender as she asks if he knows how to make a double entendre. So he gave it to her.
A woman walks into a pet store. After her two daughters moved out some months ago, she thought of having a pet around the house.   As she looks around the store, she finds a parrot sitting on a perch. Attached to the perch is a sign that says: "Special offer! Talking parrot, only 10$".   Wondering about the low price she asks the cashier about it.   The cashier replies: "The parrot once lived in a brothel until police busted it. It was some kind of entertainment at the bar as it knows some crude language."   After short thinking the woman says: "I take the parrot. I'm sure I can break it of this behavior."  The woman arrives at home and puts the parrot in the living room. The parrot takes a look around, beats it's wings and squawks: "Woohoo, nice! Finally a new whorehouse and a new madam!"  The woman is slightly irritated at first but then laughs it off.   Shortly after, the two daughters come for a visit. Before the woman can tell the daughters about the parrot, it spots them and squawks: "Nice, new whorehouse, new madam and new hookers! C'mon girls, let the fun begin!"  The daughters are also irritated, but let it go as the woman explains the background. The parrot continues with some crude remarks every so often until the woman's husband comes home. The parrot looks at him top-down and squawks: "Hi, John, long time no see!"
A man walks into a bar...  and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman. He gives her a quick glance, then casually looks at his watch for a moment.  The woman notices this and asks, "Is your date running late?"  "No," he replies, "I just bought this state-of-the-art watch and I was just testing it."  The intrigued woman says, "A state-of-the-art watch? What's so special about it?"  "It uses alpha waves to telepathically talk to me," he explains.  "What's it telling you now?" she asked.  "Well, it says you're not wearing any panties." he said.  The woman giggles and replies, "Well it must be broken then because I am wearing panties!"  The man explains, "Damn thing must be an hour fast."
A man walks into a Liquor Store... ...and walks back to the whiskey section.  He picks up a bottle of Jack Daniels Black Label and walks up to the counter.  &amp;#x200B;  The clerk rings it up, and the man places two tents on the counter.  &amp;#x200B;  "What's this?", asks the clerk.  &amp;#x200B;  "it's my payment", says the man.  &amp;#x200B;  "I'm sorry, sir, but we don't accept camping gear."  &amp;#x200B;  "Why not? Two tents equals one fifth!"
A man walks into an elevator and asks the woman beside him "Can I smell your vagina?" "No!" She replies. The man sighs with relief "Oh. Then it must be your feet" 
A blind man walks into a bar. *thud*
This guy walks into a quiet bar. He is carrying three ducks, one in each hand, and one under his left arm. He places them on the bar. He has a few drinks and chats with the bartender. The bartender is experienced, and has learned not to ask people about the animals that they bring into the bar, so he doesn't mention the ducks. They chat for about 30 minutes before the guy with the ducks has to go to the restroom. The ducks are left on the bar. The bartender is alone with the ducks. There is an awkward silence. The bartender decides to try to make some conversation. "What's your name?" He says to the first duck. "Huey" replies the first duck. "How's your day been, Huey?" "Great. Lovely day. Had a ball. Been in and out of puddles all day." "Oh. That's nice," says the Bartender. Then he says to the second duck "Hi, and what's your name?" "Dewey," came the answer. "So how's your day been, Dewey?" "Great. Lovely day. Had a ball. Been in and out of puddles all day. If I had the chance another day I would do the same again." So the bartender turns to the third duck and says, "So, you must be Louie." "No," growls the third duck, "my name is Puddles, and don't ask about my day."
A french guy walks into a cheese bar with his entire family, but his mother refuses to come inside. She decides to stay with her sister, who can’t enter due to her tall height and wide  wheelchair.  The manager requests her, “Madame, we know you are too tall for the main door. But we do have a taller back door back entry as well.  ” The aunt replies, “Even then I won’t enter your damn cheese bar.” Humiliated, the manager leaves and asks the French guy why they have a problem with the cheese bar.  The guy replies. “Because of Lack of toes in taller aunt.” 
A bear walks into a bar A bear walks into a bar and says "Give me a rum and.............cola"  "Why the big pause?" asks the barman.  The bear shrugs and says "I dunno, I was born with them."
A guy walks into a bar, sits down, and asks, "Bartender, got any specials today?"        Bartender answers, "Yes, as a matter of fact we have a new drink,  invented  by  a gynecologist patron of ours.  It's a mix of Pabst Blue Ribbon Beer and Smirnoff Vodka."       The guy asks, "Good grief, what do you call that?"       The bartender replied, "It's a "Pabst Smir."
A man walks into a bar.... ...sits down, orders a beer, and begins to gaze longingly at the barmaid. The barmaid hands him the beer, returns the stare and says... "Take a pitcher, it'll last longer."
A man at the bottom of a big, water-filled hole walks into a bar The bartender asks, “Are you doing WELL today?”  The man responds, “Actually, I’m in a deep depression.”
Cardi B and Bill Cosby walk into a bar... I don’t remember the rest.
A vampire walks into a bar... ...and orders and pint of the freshest blood. The bartender serves him, he drinks it, and off he goes. The next day, he goes in and again orders a pint of the freshest blood. Next day, same deal: a pint of thee freshest blood, please. The fourth day he walks in, and as the bartender is getting the glass ready the vampire says: I'll just have a glass of hot water. To which the bartender replies? Really, I thought you guys only drank blood! The vampire, reaches in his pocket and as he produces a used tampon says: Today, I'll just have some tea.
An ugly man walks into a bar and a beautiful woman approaches him... ... the woman asks the man, "How would you like to get out of here?" and the man is stunned. He never thought a woman like her would ever approach him so he agrees. They both get into his car and drive really far. He stops at a cliff with the view of the whole city. Within seconds they start taking off their clothes. After 15 minutes of vigorous sex they finally finish. They both put their clothes on and they both just sit there awkwardly. The woman speaks up and says "I'm a prostitute and its going to be 100 dollars for my service." The man is stunned and saddened that she didn't really like him. He gives her the money and they both sit there awkwardly. The woman tells him that she is ready to leave and the man replies "I'm a taxi driver and its going to be 150 dollars for the ride here and back."
A man walks into a bar and spies two lovely women sitting by the entrance. As he walks towards the bar, he sees one tap the other shoulder and point at him. She looks him up and down and says "9", followed by giggling. The man goes over to his buddy and boasts that the two lovely ladies by the entrance had said he was a 9.  "Yeah, sorry man, but when I walked in they were speaking German."
A guy walks into a bookstore and says to a clerk: “excuse me could you tell me how to find the self-help section?” The clerk says: “well I could, but wouldn’t that defeat the purpose?’
A man walks into a bar... A guy walked into a bar and saw a sign that said:  cheeseburgers 3$  hotdogs 5$   handjobs 10$   He goes to the bar and asks the lady "are you the one that gives handjobs" and she said yes, then he replied "well wash your hands I want a cheeseburger
A little girl walks into a pet shop A little girl walks into a pet shop and asks in the sweetest little lisp, "Excuthe me, mithter, do you keep wittle wabbits?"   The shopkeeper bends down to her level, smiling, "Do you want a wittle white wabby or a soft and fuwwy bwack wabby, or maybe one like that cute wittle bwown wabby over there?"  The little girl leans forward and whispers, "I don't fink my pyfon really giveths a thit." 
A Roman walks into a bar. He holds up two fingers and says, "5 beers, please"
A rabbi, a priest, and an imam walk into a bar. The bartender asks, “what is this, a joke?”
A guy walks into work one morning... His buddy sees him and says- “Phil! Geez! Are you OK?”   “Sure. Why?”   “You look terrible!”   “Really? That’s odd. I feel terrific!”   “This isn’t good. Let’s go see the company nurse.”   They walk upstairs to see the nurse and she takes one look at him and tells him he looks really bad.   “Huh? I do? I gotta tell you- I’ve never felt better!”   “I don’t like it.” She says. “I want you to go to the ER.”   So they drove to the hospital. The attending physician takes one look and says-   “You look terrible!”   “Pffft! *Everybody’s* telling me that, but Doc- I feel terrific!”   “This is really weird! Tell you what; I’m going to Google it and see if we can find the problem.”   So he sits down and types in- “Looks terrible/feels terrific”.   After a few seconds, the doctor smiles.   “Got it!”   “What’s it say?”   “Good news! It says- you’re a *vagina*!
A guy walks into a bar owned by Eminem He tells the bartender,"Give me 2 shots of..."  The bartender cuts him off saying,"You only get 1 shot."
A young woman walks into a sex shop She slowly walks up to the cashier at the counter and asks  "d-d-d-d-d-do you s-s-s-s-sell d-d-d-d-dildos?"  The cashier responds. "Yes we do"  The woman says "d-d-d-d-do you s-s-s-s-sell b-b-b-b-big d-d-d-d-dildos that c-c-come wit-with a vi-vi-vi-vibrator?"  Once again the cashier responds "Yes we do"  The woman says "d-d-d-d-do you n-n-n-n-n-know h-h-h-h-h-h-how to t-t-t-t-turn them off?"
A man walks into a watchmakers... ...anc lays his dick out on the counter.  The woman behind the counter, unperturbed, states, "This is a clock shop, not a cock shop".  The man replies, "Then put two hands on this!"
A Texan walks into a nice French Restaurant He sits down, orders, and has the best meal of his life. With each bite, the pure joy he feels only intensifies. Course after course, his interest continually piqued and appetite always aroused.  As he nears the end of his meal, he orders a crepe for dessert, ice cream atop as a finishing touch.  After receiving his desert, his mood suddenly shifts. The Texan is now visibly upset. Fuming, he pays his bill and exits the restaurant.  A nearby couple sees the commotion and asks their server what happened. The server responds, "Well, our back of the house forgot to integrate a crucial ingredient into that man's meal. Specifically, his crepe." The couple is flabbergasted, "What? That crepe seemed divine. What did you forget that made that man so upset?" "In seems that in the case of that Texan man's dessert, our chef failed to remember the a la mode."
An alpaca and a llama walks into a bat... And they both get bludgeoned to death. Thank you autocorrect for fucking up my joke.
A guy walks into a bar and starts talking to the bartender Guy:I hate my fucking life  Bartender:no you dont you just hate your life right now  Guy:Iam 22 and work in a fast food place and will probably wont do any thing better and my co-workers make fun of me all day  Bartender:learn the ways of the honey badger   Guy:and if i told my boss he would cut my already shit pay  Bartender:that is illegal   Guy:cause hes a cheap bastard and my only friend is mentally retarded   Bartender:that makes you a wonder friend  Guy:and all we ever do together is stupid shit and i cant leave my home town because i never learned to drive and every time i try i fail my drivers test  Bartender:drivers ed bro that shit works  Guy:and you wanna know the worst part  Bartender:your so lost in self pity you cant accept when anything good happens to you  Guy:i live in a pineapple under the sea
A doctors secretary walks into the doctors office and says " doctor there is an invisible man waiting for you" the doctor replies " awe not again tell him I can't see him"
A wine snob walks into a bar... The bartender says, “Get OUT you winey brat!”
A grasshopper walks into a bar... Bartender: Hey we have a beer here named after you!  Grasshopper: What? Kevin?
A man walks into a lawyer's office... The man says, "I can't afford your hourly rate, but if I give you $200 will you answer two questions for me?"  The lawyer says, "Absolutely - what is your second question?" 
Past, Present, and Future all walk into a bar It was tense.
A dung beetle walks into a bar He asks, “Is this stool taken?”
A termite walks into a tavern and asks... “Is the bar tender here?”
Batman walks into a bar. He orders just ice.
Three kids walk into a classroom... The White girl enters. The teacher says "Do an essay", and the girl is finished in 45 minutes  The Asian girl enters. The teacher says "Do an essay", and the girl is finished in 35 minutes  The Mexican girl enters. The teacher says "Do an essay", and the girl is finished in 5 minutes
Helen Keller walks into a bar. Then a table. Then a chair.
Three vampires walk into a bar. The first two order bloody marys, but the third vampire only asks for water. "Why water?" asked the other two. The third one pulls out a tampon and says, "I'm making tea."
A man walks into a rooftop bar and takes a seat next to another guy. “What are you drinking?” he asks the guy. “Magic beer,” he says.  “Oh, yeah? What’s so magical about it?”  Then he shows him: He swigs some beer, dives off the roof, flies around the building, then finally returns to his seat with a triumphant smile.  “Amazing!” the man says. “Lemme try some of that!” The man grabs the beer. He downs it, leaps off the roof —and plummets 15 stories to his  death.  The bartender shakes his head. “You know, you’re a real jerk when you’re drunk, Superman.”
A naked lady walks into a bar A fully naked lady walks into a bar and sits down.  She calls up the bartender and asks for a whisky. The bartender looks at her, but does nothing. She asks again but gets the same response.   She asks him "whats the matter? you never seen a naked lady before?"  and the bartender responds "i'm just wondering how you're going to pay for your drink"
A blind man walks into a bar... And a chair... and a table.
Two spiral galaxies walk into a pub The landlord looks up and says "Get out - you're barred".
A cowboy necromancer walks into a graveyard... And he says, "Y'all come back now, ya hear?"
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his pants, a peg leg and a parrot on his shoulder. The bartender says, “Hey, you’ve got a steering wheel on your pants.” The pirate says, “Arrrr, I know. It’s driving me nuts.”
[OC]A man walks into a hardware store Man: Hello, I'm doing some work on my house exterior and need to get to the siding and onto the roof.  Employee: Well, we have a wide range of ladders that will do the trick. There's a 3-step ladder that will be perfect for the siding, and an extending ladder that will get you up on the roof. Do you want them both?  Man: I'll take the former now and the latter ladder later.
A man walks into a bar He sits at a stool and asks the bartender for a beer and a thimble. The bartender, although puzzled, gives him the thimble.  Suddenly, the man whispers: "Okay, you can come out now."  A little man, no higher than a thumb, jumps from the man's jacket pocket and lands on the table. The man puts a bit of his beer on the thimble, and the little man starts drinking it from it.  The bartender notices the little man and, suprised, says: "Sir, is this man your friend? What happened to him?"  The man says: "Oh, yes, he is my friend." He turns to the little man and says:  "Hey George, what was the name of that African village that you called 'Asshole' to its Witch Doctor?"
Man walks into a bar. "Ow".
A skinny little white guy walks into an elevator. He looks up and sees this HUGE black guy standing next to him.  The big guy sees the little guy staring at him, looks down and says "7 feet tall, 350 pounds, 15 inch penis, 3 pound left testicle, 3 pound right testicle, Turner Brown."  The white guy faints and falls to the floor.  The black guy kneels down and brings him to, shaking him. The big guy says, "What's wrong with you?"  In a weak voice the white guy says, "What EXACTLY did you say to me? "  The black guy says, "I saw your curious look and figured I'd just give you the answers to the questions everyone always asks me.  I'm 7 feet tall, I weigh 350 pounds, I have a 15 inch penis, my left testicle weighs 3 pounds, my right testicle weighs 3 pounds, and my name is Turner Brown."  The white guy says, "oh thank God, I thought you said turn around."
Two social justice warriors walk into a fence store... Both took a fence
A blind man walks into a bar. And a chair. And a table. 
An armless man walks into a bar which is empty except for the bartender.  He orders a drink and when he has been served, asks  the bartender if  he would mind getting the money from his wallet in his pocket, since he has no arms. The bartender obliges.  Next  the man asks  if  the bartender would tip the glass to his lips. The bartender holds the glass until the man finishes  his drink.   The man then asks  if  the bartender would get a hanky from his pocket and wipe the foam from his lips. The bartender does it and comments that it must be very difficult  to have  no  arms and have to ask someone to do nearly everything for  you. The man says, ‘Yes, it is a bit embarrassing at times. By the way, where’s the toilet?’ The bartender quickly replies, ‘The closest one is in the service station three blocks down the  street.’
(Original) A professor, a construction worker, a biologist, and a doctor walk into a bar. A professor, a construction worker, a biologist, and a doctor walk into a bar.  First the professor sighs. The bartender asks him what's wrong. The professor says, "As you can see, I'm a professor of philosophy, and today I went in too deep. I was in a lecture and was explaining a particularly deep philosophy. My student complained that I was going too far, but I kept going deeper and deeper. In the end, I went so deep that my student dropped the class!"  The construction worker hears that and scoffs. He turns to the professor and says, "You call that a problem? Let me tell you a real man's problem. As you can see, I am an excavation expert. I was working today and was digging a particularly deep hole. My contractor complained that I was going too far, but I kept going deeper and deeper. In the end, I went so deep that I broke a pipeline!"  The biologist hears both of their stories and scoffs. He turns to the professor and the construction worker and says, "You call that a problem? My problem was a matter of life and death! As you can see, I am a marine biologist. I was scuba diving today and was making a particularly deep dive. My assistant said that I was going too far, but I kept going deeper and deeper. In the end, I went so deep that I nearly drowned!"  The doctor, who has been listening quietly this whole time, finally speaks up. "You call those problems? Let me tell you about one that is both a real man's problem and a matter of life and death. As you can see, I'm a proctologist..."
A man walks into a downtown bar. It's early afternoon, And there's only one other patron, a mild mannered bespectacled man in a rumpled suit, staring at his half full beer. Our man orders a cold one and sits a few seats away from the man in the suit. After they've each had a few sips, the man in the suit looks over, smiles, and says, "Hey - wanna see something really cool?"   Our man replies, "sure, fella. What's up?"   To which the man in the suit replies, "The tall buildings around here make the wind do crazy things. If you go up to the 11th floor roof on this building, you can jump off the roof at the back alley, and the wind will ease you to the ground, like a little downy feather."  "Bullshit." Says our man. "Gonna have to see it to believe it.", sipping his beer.  The man in the suit asks the barkeep to watch their beers, says, "Sure thing, mister." And stands up. Heading for the stairway door, he gestures our man to follow. Once they reach the roof, the man in the suit calmly walks off the back of the roof, plummets 8 stories down, then slows - drifting aimlessly and slowly to the alley below. He lands on his feet, barely bending his knees, and waves our man to follow.  Stunned, our man shakes his head and yells down, "Bullshit. Do that again!"  This time when the suited and bespectacled man arrives on the roof, our man checks him for wires or gadgets with a quick pat-down. The man in the suit asks, "Satisfied?" To which he receives a perplexed nod. So he walks off the roof as before, and as before he plummets 8 stories, then drifts down the last three stories, landing gently as before. He waves our man down again.  Our man shrugs, thinks to himself that this actually looks like fun, and walks off the roof. He plummets down 8 stories like a rock, wind screaming at his ears. He then continues to plummet the final 3 stories without slowing, windmilling his limbs. A scream forms, then is cut short as he hits pavement, splattering all over the alley in a wet sticky mess.  The bespectacled man walks back into the bar, picking bits of human off of his suit. The bartender shakes his head, frowns, and says to him, "Clark Kent, you're a real asshole when you drink."
So a skeleton walks into a bar He asks for a bucket and a mop
A roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers, And orders, "Five Beers!"
A Roman walks into a bar He holds up two fingers and says "I'll have five beers."
A guy walks into a library and asks the librarian if the book on tiny penises is available. The librarian says, "I don't think it's in yet." The guy responds, "Yeah, that's the one."
A man walks into a bar and says... Ow. That hurt
A guy walks into a bar... The guy sees a beautiful lady and walks to her.  Guy: Excuse me Miss? You dropped something. Girl: What did I drop? Guy: Your standards, hi my name is PandaGen
A man walks into a bar and says “a round on me, I’m getting married” “I had to make a difficult decision between 3 women” The bartender asks “oh yeah, how so?” “Well,” says the man “I had 3 potential brides so I decided to do an experiment. I gave each woman $1000 to see what they would do with it.”  The man goes on “the first was Lucy. She spent the money all on herself. New dresses and makeup. On  our next date, she looked stunning”  “The next girl was Joan. She invested the money as a nest egg for our future. On our next date, she talked about all the things we could do with the profits “  “The 3rd girl was Sally. She gave all the money to charity. On our next date, she told me how she felt giving back was the best thing a person can do. “  “Hmm quite a difficult choice” said the bartender  “Definitely was,” said the man, “but in the end I chose Sally”  “So you decided that giving to charity was the best use of the money?” asked the bartender.  “No” the man replied back “Sally just has the biggest tits”
A man walks into a bar and asks for a glass of liquor. The bartender replies confusedly: "What do you mean liquor, what kind?".  "GIVE ME A GLASS OF LIQUOR!“, the man shouts.  Seeing no point in arguing, the bartender pours the man a glass of whiskey: "This is what you want?"  "Yes, but I want ice.", the man says, appearing calmer.  "Alright, on the rock it is.", the bartender says as he put in an ice cube.  "More ice."  The bartender tosses in the glass an extra ice cube.  "I SAID MORE ICE!“, the man stands up, about to lose his shit.  The bartender wonders to himself why this man has such a weird taste and a short temper, but shrugs, and fill the glass to its brim with ice.  The man looks down slowly, he picks up the glass and chug it in one go, seems satisfied, he says:  "Ahhh, liquorice".
An alzheimers patient walks Into a bar.. I'm feeling dejavu for some reason
An anti-vaxxer, a flat earthed and an scientist walk into a restaurant. They see a sign that says “Finish our famous 32 oz steak in 15 minutes with 2 friends, win $200! Entry fee: $50” The scientist looks at the other two and says “are you guys thinking what I’m thinking?” He takes a brief pause and then says “Oh yeah I forgot, you two can’t think.”
A blind man walks into a bar. A blind man walks into a bar with his seeing eye dog.  He proceeds to aproach the bar and take a seat on a stool.  As the bartender begins to walk over, the blind man grabs the dog tightly by the collar and throws the dog over his head, swinging him around in circles by the leash.  The bartender screams  "Woah Woah Woah what the hell is wrong with you man, what are you doing?!"  To which the blind man replies "Relax buddy, I'm just taking a look around"
Batman walks into a bar He orders a glass of "on the rocks."  The bartender looks at him, confused, and asks, "Um, *what* do you want on the rocks?"  Batman says, "Just ice!"
A skeleton walks into a bar. Orders a beer and a mop. 
A guy walks into a bar.. A guy walks into a bar and sees the bar all but empty. The bartender is sitting down leaning his head on his arms, fast asleep.  "Oh, well." the guy thought, and went behind the bar and made himself a beer and sat down, determined to keep a tap and pay the waiter after his rest.  As he sipped on his cold beer, he suddenly heard a voice, saying "Hello there handsome." The guy was startled and looked around, but no one was there and the bartender was still fast asleep. "I must have been working too hard these days." thought he and had a few tugs of his beer.  Again he heard some voices, "What a nice tie you're wearing, they really match your shoes well." And again, "Your haircut looks charming on you and really elicits your character."  This was going too far, so the guy tapped on the bartender's shoulder until he woke and asked him "Good sir, it's just you and me in this bar and you have been asleep since I got here, but ever since I sat down and drank some beer, I've been hearing voices telling me all sorts of kind things, am I losing my mind?"  "Oh no sir, you're fine." Said the bartender.  "It's just the peanuts.  They're complementary."
A man walks into a Bar. A man walks into a bar and sees a very attractive woman sitting by herself and asks, “May I buy you a cocktail?”     "No thank you," she replies, "alcohol is bad for my legs."     "Sorry to hear that. Do they swell?"     "No, they spread."  
A failed hurdle jumper walks into a bar... Get it ?
A termite walks into a pub... ...and asks "is the bar tender here?"
A man walks into a library, He approaches the librarian and says, “I’ll have a cheeseburger and fries, please.”  The librarian says, “Sir, you know you’re in a library, right?”  “Sorry,” he whispers. “I’ll have a cheeseburger and fries, please.”
A blind man walks into a bar. then into a wall, the counter, a chair ..
These two midgets walk into a bar In the Arctic  The first midget asks the bartender, "do you have any midget nuns that live here in the arcitc?"  Bartender thinks for a second and says, "No, no I don't believe we do."   The first midget turns to the second and says "See! I told you, you fucked a penguin!"
And old lady walks into a bar And says to the bartender "I bet you $1000 that my fist is smaller than your testicles". The bartender being rather well acquainted with his balls agrees to the wager. The next day, the old lady returns to the bar with her lawyer and says "I have the money right here, let's see". Right as the bartender is about to pull out his balls,  he asks the old woman "Wait, are we in one of those jokes where you made a larger wager with your lawyer that you could make me pull my balls out?" The old lady replies "No, we're in one of those jokes without a punchline". The bartender is skeptical and asks "Oh yea, well then why would people keep reading up to this point knowing that?". The old lady replies that she'll tell him but he must never speak of it to anyone else. And he never did.
Dwarf walks into a tavern and says "Ladies, I am 4'11'' ..and those are two different measurements!"
A old man walks into a McDonalds He is bent over and shuffling slowly. He approaches the counter with great difficulty and orders an ice cream sundae.  The cashier asks "Crushed nuts?"   The old man replies, "No arthritis."  
A man walks into a rooftop bar  and takes a seat next to another guy. “What are you drinking?” he asks the guy. “Magic beer,” he says. “Oh, yeah? What’s so magical about it?”  He swigs some beer, dives off the roof, flies around the building, then finally returns to his seat with a triumphant smile. “Amazing!” the man says. “Lemme try some of that!” The man grabs the beer. He downs it, leaps off the roof —and plummets 15 stories to the ground. The bartender shakes his head. “You know, you’re a real bastard when you’re drunk, Superman.” 
A man walks into a plastic surgeons office. He asks the doctor "s-s-sir m-m-my d-d-dick i-is t-t-too l-l-l-long." The doctor replies, "Well how is that?" So the man says "w-w-well its s-s-so l-l-long that i-i-it p-p-pulls on my t-t-tongue a-a-and it g-g-gives me t-t-this s-s-stutter m-m-man!" The doctor replies "Oh ok I see, so I can schedule an appointment and were going to take out this part right in the middle, ok?" "Y-y-yes t-t-that w-w-w-would b-be awesome!" The man replies.   So a couple weeks after the operation the man walks through the doctors doors and says "Hey doc! Your operation worked perfectly and I already have a girlfriend! But she's been kinda complaining about my size and was wondering if I could get maybe another inch back?" So the doctor replies, "N-n-n-no a-a-absolutely n-n-not.
Man walks into a pet shop and sees a parrot for only $50 Standing next to the cage the man asks, "I wonder why he is so cheap?" "Because I am defective," came the reply. "I've got no legs." A little surprised the man asked, "Well how do you stay on your perch?" The parrot draws him closer and whispers, "I have a big penis. I just wrap it around the bar and stay put. Go offer the owner 30 bucks for me. He'll take it." The man walks out of the store with the parrot and takes him home. They become best of friends. They talk sports, politics, current events. The man could not be happier. One day the man gets home from works and the parrot beckons him over with his wing..."Psst...come here. I need to talk to you." "What?" "It's about your wife." "Yeah, what about her?" "And the postman. Today he knocked and she answered the door in a skimpy black negligee." "What!" "Yes. And then they embraced in a long passionate kiss," the parrot went on. "Holy shit...that can't be possible." "It is. Then they went over to the couch and she slipped him out of his uniform and then things started to get really steamy." "Well," the man asks,"what happened next?" "I don't know," said the parrot. "I got a hard on and fell off my perch." 
f(x) walks into a bar The bartender says "I'm sorry, we don't cater for functions".     f'(x) walks into a bar... Wait, isn't this the same joke? No, it's derivative humour.
“Back in the day...” my grandfather started to say. “You could walk into a grocery store with $2 in your pocket and walk out with a loaf of bread, a dozen eggs and a bit of butter as well.”   “But today...” he continued. “Wherever you go, there are cameras.”
An aussie walks into a bar The bartender asks how he would like his drink. He replies "with noice" The bartender says "that's the 7th time this week you cheeky cunt"
A man walks into a library -Excuse me, do you have books about diarrhea?   -Yes, sir   -Great, I'll need three pages
Two Guys Walk Into A Bar The Third goes around.
a dung beetle walks into a bar and says to the bartender "is this stool taken?"
A guy walks into a bar A blind man walks into a bar, then a chair, then a table
An anti-vaxxer walks into a bar Gets insulted on Reddit 
Two guys walk into a bar... You'd think the second guy would have noticed?
Mr Singh walks into a bar in London Mr Singh walks into a bar in London , orders 3 glasses of beer and sits in the backyard of the room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn.*_  _*When he finishes, he comes back to the bar counter and orders 3 more. The bartender asks him, "You know, beer goes flat after I fill it in the glass; it would taste better if you buy one at a time."*_  _*Mr. Singh replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in Dubai , the other in Canada and I'm here in London . When they left home, we promised that we'll drink this way to remember the days when we drank together."*_  _*The bartender admits this is a nice custom and leaves it there.*_  _*Mr. Singh became a regular in the bar and would always drink the same way. He'd order 3 Beers and drink them in turn.*_  _*One day, he came in and ordered only 2 Beers. All the other regulars notice and fall silent.*_  _*When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bar tender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my sincere condolences on your great loss."*_  _*Mr. Singh looked confused for a moment, and then he laughs.... "Oh, no,"*_  _*He said, "Everyone's fine; both my brothers are alive. The only thing is...*_  _*I have quit drinking"!!!*_
So a comedy writer walks into a bar.... So a Muslim flies into a bar....
A horse walks into a bar and says "Bartender, one beer please!"  The bartender, rubbing his eyes in disbelief says "Did.. did you just talk?!"  "Yes I have, why?" Said the horse  "It's just, incredible! I've never seen a talking horse! You know, you should really go talk to the local circus, they would LOVE to have someone with your skills!"  The horse replied "Why? Do they need a plumber?" 
A woman walks into a library and asked if they had any books about paranoia. The librarian whispers : "They're right behind you!!".  *Ba Dum.. tits*
A grasshopper walks into a bar... And the bartender says, "You know, we have a drink named after you."  The grasshopper replies, "You have a drink named Fred?"   
A guy walks into a bar... He says "ouch!" the bartender says "what happened" the guy says "I walked into your bar!"   The tender comes around and see's a piece of rebar sticking out of the wall. "Yikes, here come take a seat at the bar and ill pour you a drink"... He turns around to see the man sitting on the ground beneath the rebar.  "What the heck are you doing?"   "Well im sitting at your bar dummy!"  The bartender raises his eyebrows and grabs a putty knife and a container from behind the counter, next he pushes the rebar back into the drywall and hands the guy the two things.   "Well, if you are going to sit at my bar you might as well get plastered".
A Buddhist walks into pizza shop... ... and says make me one with everything 
A dog walks into a bar He gets 2 beers, and drinks them both. The Bartender says “Your cut off, you’ve had enough.” The dog says “I’ve only had 2 beers!” The bartender replies “Thats 14 in dog beers.”
A neutron and a uranium atom walk into a restaurant A neutron and a uranium atom walk into a restaurant. They sit at a table and order a full meal, having a muted conversation during the meal. The waiter comes over and the neutron asks for separate checks. He brings the split bills like requested.   “I hope you two have a good evening,” he says.  “Don’t worry,” replies the uranium atom. “He only has enough energy to split the check.”
A bear walks into a bar and orders a beer... The bartender tells him he doesn't serve bears in his establishment. The bear's had a hard day at work and is in a nasty mood: "Look pal, I work just as hard as you do, I just wanna relax, gimme a beer right now or I'll go eat that chick at the end of the bar there. Try me." Bartender: "Go ahead, fur ball! I dare ya!" So the bear goes and messily devours the poor woman, then returns to the bartender. "One beer, smartass. And make it quick, or you're next." Bartender: "I don't serve drug addicts." Bear: "Dafuq did you just say?!" Bartender cocks his thumb at the bloody mess all over the other end. "That was a bar-bitch-you-ate."
A grasshopper walks into a bar... The bartender says “you know we have a drink named after you.”   The grasshopper says “Really? In that case I’ll have a Steve.”
A blind man walks into a bar. And people.
A penis walks into a bar The bartender says,”why the schlong face?”
Stephen Hawking walks into a bar It’s a miracle
A blind man walks into a bar... And a chair. And a table.
An Austrian, an Artist, and a Fascist walk into a bar It went all Reich
A bear walks into a bar "I'd like a pint of...  ...  ...  ...  ...  ... Guinness please."  "Sure," the bartender replies. "But why the big pause?"  "Oh, I was born with these."
An hard penis walks into a bar "Don't beat yourself up" says the bartender. Then the penis softened XD
A woman walks into a bar... She walks up to the bar and orders a drink. The bartender looks at the woman and then looks up above her and says "Doesn't That flair seem a bit redundant?"
2 men walk into a bar The midget walks under it, turns to the two men lying on the ground and laughs.
A 90 year old man walks into an electronic store and asked about two devices that had a difference in prices. He was asked what was he going to use it for?  "Social media" He replied.  They would both work fine; if anything the nicer one might last a bit longer.   He said "Last longer? Man I'm 90. I don't even buy green bananas".
A mathematician with an unsolved question walks into a bar. The bartender asks "Why the long expression?"
An Instagram influencer walks into a bar They were too busy taking selfies.
Man walks into a black hole and orders a drink. Bartender says why the long face?  
Two guys walk into a bar... One knocks over the other says "ouch".
An atheist, a Crossfitter, and a vegan walk into a bar. I know because they told me!
A horse walks into a bar and says: 'On a right triangle with sides X, Y, and Z, if X and Z are perpendicular, which side is opposite the right angle?' The bartender says Y, the long face. 
I walk into a bar, everyone else walks out.
A man walks into an art museum... ...saunters past a guard and rips a painting off the wall with his bare hands. The guards attempt to stop him as he runs out of the museum, but he is too quick and acrobatic and evades all of their efforts. Just out the museum doors, he hops into the back of a white van that begins speeding away with impressive acceleration; he holds the painting tauntingly out of the back of the van to mock the guards who tried to stop him, standing aghast on the museum steps. A passerby comments to his friend, "wow, look at that van go!"  "No, you idiot," his friend says, "that's a Rembrandt."
A Russian spy, a sexual predator, and a billionaire walk into a bar "What can I get for you Mr. President?"
A tramp walks into a pub... ...and the barman says “Get out. We don’t want your kind in here”.   The tramp says “Can I please have a cocktail stick, just one, and I’ll leave?”  The barman, keen to get rid of him, agrees.   The tramp takes his cocktail stick and happily leaves.   A few minutes later a different tramp walks in, to whom the barman shouts “ Out, out. I’ve told your friend, we don’t serve your type in here!”  “But I just want a cocktail stick” replies the second tramp.   Bemused, but keen to get this filth ridden man out of his establishment, the barman reaches for another cocktail stick and hands it to the tramp.  “Here you go. Leave now and don’t come back”  The tramp leaves and all is quiet for a few minutes until lo and behold a third tramp enters.   “No. No. No” yells the barman, “I’ve told two of your friends now, your type is NOT welcome here. Let me  guess, you want a cocktail stick, well you’re not having one. Out!”  “I don’t want a cocktail stick I just want a straw” says the tramp.   “A straw?” questions the barman. “I’ve just had two of your pals in here asking for cocktail sticks and now you come in here asking for a straw. What the hell is going on?”  “Well,” says the tramp, “someone’s been sick outside and my friends didn’t save me any lumps”.
A Roman walks into a bar... A Roman walks into a bar. He holds up two fingers and says to the bartender, “I’ll have five beers please.”
Four nuns walk into a church to confess their sins to a priest They all line up single file. The first nun says, "Father I've sinned. I gave someone a foot job." The priest responds, "It's okay. Just go in the back and rinse your feet with holy water."  The second nun was up, "Father I've sinned as well, I gave someone a hand job."  To which the priest responded quite similarly, "It's okay, really. Just go to the back and rinse your hands with holy water and you will be forgiven." The third nun was about to confess when all of a sudden the fourth nun cuts her in line. The priest is confused, "Hey wait your turn. Why are you cutting the line? Have you no patience?" To which the fourth nun responded, "Sorry father but I'm not rinsing my mouth out with holy water after she's done dipping her ass in it."
A guy walks into a bar The bartender says : if you reach those pieces of meat on the ceiling whiskey,a whole bottle on us. If you don't reach it drinks for everyone in here.  The guy looks at him and says:  I can't man, the steaks are too high 
Two ducks walk into a bar... No joke here, they just went in to pay their bill.
Three different people walk into a bar... it hurt.
A man walks into a bar "Ow".
A dyslexic man walks into a bra. Either way he’s getting two cups. 
A black boy walks into the kitchen where his mother is baking and accidentally pulls the flour over onto his head  A black boy walks into the kitchen where his mother is baking and accidentally pulls the flour over onto his head. He turns to his mother and says, “Look Mama, I’m a white boy!”   His mother smacks him and says, “Go tell your Daddy what you just said!” The boy finds his father and says, “Look Daddy, I’m a white boy!” His Daddy bends him over, spanks him, stands the boy back up, and says, “Now, what do you have to say for yourself?”   The boy replies, “I’ve only been a white boy for five minutes and I already hate you black people!”   &amp;#x200B;  P.S: He's in comma as i was typing this.
When I walk into an Apple store, I feel like a kid in a candy shop. I can’t afford anything in there.
two guys walk into a bar... the second one should have seen it coming.
A man walks into a bar with an AR15 and says "I'm gonna shoot the son of a bitch who slept with my wife" To which one of the bar patrons shouts "You don't have enough bullets"
An old blind man walks into a fish market , what does he say ? Hello Ladies !
An extremely bright star walks into a bar. He shines so bright he nearly blinds everyone inside.   "Are you kidding?" The bartender asks in annoyance.   "No," The star replies. "I'm Sirius."
A Jamaican walks into a bar... A Jamaican walks into a bar and starts a bar fight. He gets kicked out so he goes into the bar across the street. The bartender of the bar across the street had heard the chaos from his bar. The Jamaican walks rubbing his bruises and looking guilty. The bartender has his suspicions, but to be sure he asks the man, “jamaica scene?”
A man walks into a barber shop and asks, "Hey, Bob Peters here?" The barber looks at him and says,"No, we just cut hair."
A blind man walks into a bar And a table and a chair
A duck walks into a pharmacy... He's waddles up to the counter and asks for a Chap Stick. The pharmacist gives the duck the Chap Stick and says, "That will be two dollars."    The duck replies "That's okay, just put it on my bill."  A few hours later, another duck walks into the same pharmacy, (it's right near the park.) He waddles up to the counter and asks for a pack of condoms. The pharmacist hands him the condoms and says, "Want me to put that on your bill?"     The duck gets offended and says "Hey! I'm not that kind of duck!"
Two guys walk into a bar.... The third ducks.
3 comedians walk into a bar... Bartender says “wanna hear a joke?”  First comedian says “No, I can tell you aren’t funny”  Second comedian says “don’t mind my friend Gertrude... I’m Cletus, what’s your name Bartender?”  As the 2nd comedian is asking this the third comedian—Gweneviere—casually takes off the bartenders watch and puts it on.  Bartender says “tough crowd, I’m Steve, and that’s my time!”
A man walks into a bar He realizes he should have paid attention after hitting it square in the face.
Two chemists walk into a bar The first chemist says to the bartender, "I'll have some H20." The second chemist says "I'll have some H20, too." The second chemist dies.
A skinny little white guy walks into an elevator, looks up and sees this HUGE black guy standing next to him. The big guy sees the little guy staring at him, looks down and says "7 feet tall, 350 pounds, 15 inch penis, 3 pound left testicle, 3 pound right testicle, Turner Brown."  The little guy faints and falls to the floor.  The big guy kneels down and brings him to, shaking him. The big guy says, "What's wrong with you?"  In a weak voice the little guy says, "What EXACTLY did you say to me? "  The big dude says, "I saw your curious look and figured I'd just give you the answers to the questions everyone always asks me.  I'm 7 feet tall, I weigh 350 pounds, I have a 15 inch penis, my left testicle weighs 3 pounds, my right testicle weighs 3 pounds, and my name is Turner Brown."  The small guy says, "oh thank God, I thought you said turn around."
A woman walks into a bar with a kid, holding brown paint in one hand, paintbrushes in the other. The bartender says: "Is that your son? He isn't allowed in here."  The woman says: "I promised I would give him a chocolate bar, so everybody start painting."
Piper Perri walks into an bar The bartender asks: „why the shlong face?“
A notorious liar walks into a bar and shouts "Hi folks ! It's me !" But it wasn't him.
A man walks into a psychologists office wearing nothing but Saran Wrap all over his body. The psychologist says, “well, I can clearly see your nuts.”
A dickhead walks into a bar... the bartender asks "Why the schlong face?"
A man walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder... He goes up to the barkeep and orders a beer.  The parrot hears this and says "sskrraa, and a coke!"  The barkeep proceeds to give the man a beer and put a glass of coke next to it.   The man looks angry at the parrot but enjoys his drink and let it slide.   He finishes the beer and orders another. The parrot hears this again and says "sskrraa, and a coke!"  Again, the man recieves a beer and a glass of coke, but is now pretty angry with the parrot.   "If you do this one more time, I'll nail you to the ceiling!"   A little while later, the man is thirsty again and orders his third beer. "Sskrraa, and a coke!", the parrot says.   "That's it. Barkeep, give me some nails and a hammer please."   The man grabs the parrot, climbs up a stool and nails the parrot by his feet on the ceiling, next to a fan.   The parrot looks around confused, looks to the bar, to his owner and then to the fan next to him.   "Sskrraa, did you also order three cokes to be hanging on the ceiling?"
A chicken walks into a library and said to the librarian, "book book book"  the librarian gives the chicken three books. On the way home, the chicken runs into a frog. The chicken shows the books to the frog and says "book book book"   the frog replies "reddit reddit reddit"
A ROMAN WALKS INTO A BAR A Roman walks into a bar, holds up to two fingers and says "five beers please" 
Neil DeGrasse Tyson, Stephen Hawking, and Bill Nye walk into a bar. Neil and Bill look at Stephen Hawking and yell, "My God, Stephen, you're cured!" 
A racist with a stutter walks into a bar The bartender asks, “Hi mate, what job do you do?”  The racist said, “I’m a K-K-Kemist”
A Chinese chimpanzee walks into a bar.. ...and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini. He then walks back over to the give it to the chimpanzee, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a chimpanzee walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.  So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the chimpanzee notices anything."  So he walks back over to the chimpanzee and hands him a dollar change. The chimpanzee doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.  "You know," he says to the chimpanzee, "we don't get too many chimpanzees in here."  And the chimpanzee says, "At nineteen dollars a drink I'm not surprised."
A man walks into a bar and orders some tea The bar tender says "Good thing because we don't have any S or U, but we sure have some good T!"
A man walks into a church.... before the service is due to start and says to the priest "Father, I wonder if you can help? I left my umbrella here last week and now I can't find it."  "Are you sure you left it here? I haven't seen any umbrellas left in the pews."  "Yes I'm certain Father."  "Well I don't want to accuse anyone of stealing so here's what I'll do. I'll preach a sermon on the Ten Commandments and afterwards let you know if anybody confesses anything."  "Thank you Father."  During the service, priest preaches on the Ten Commandments while the man anxiously looks around. Yet when the priest gets to "thou shalt not commit adultery" the man relaxes, thanks heaven, and smiles with contentment.  At the end of the service the man goes up to the priest again and says "wonderful sermon Father! As soon as you got to 'thou shalt not commit adultery' I remembered where I'd left my umbrella!" 
Two blind men walk into a bar One of them sneezes and the other one says : Hey can you open up a can of coke for me too
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks "Why the long face?"
A kid walks into the bathroom with his dad shaving... A kid walks into the bathroom with his dad shaving. Dad cuts himself:   Dad: "*Shit!"*   Son: "*What does that mean?"*   Dad: "*It's just shaving."*     He soon walks into the kitchen with his mum stuffing a turkey. She gets her hand stuck:     Mum: "*Fuck!"*   Son: "*What does that mean?"*   Mum: "*It's just stuffing a turkey."*     Later on, the kid explains how his dad was shitting in front of him &amp; his mum was fucking a turkey in the kitchen.
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first mathematician orders a beer  The second orders half a beer  "I don't serve half-beers" the bartender replies  "Excuse me?" Asks mathematician #2  "What kind of bar serves half-beers?" The bartender remarks. "That's ridiculous."  "Oh c'mon" says mathematician #1 "do you know how hard it is to collect an infinite number of us? Just play along"  "There are very strict laws on how I can serve drinks. I couldn't serve you half a beer even if I wanted to."  "But that's not a problem" mathematician #3 chimes in "at the end of the joke you serve us a whole number of beers. You see, when you take the sum of a continuously halving function-"  "I know how limits work" interjects the bartender  "Oh, alright then. I didn't want to assume a bartender would be familiar with such advanced mathematics"  "Are you kidding me?" The bartender replies, "you learn limits in like, 9th grade! What kind of mathematician thinks limits are advanced mathematics?"  "HE'S ON TO US" mathematician #1 screeches  Simultaneously, every mathematician opens their mouth and out pours a cloud of multicolored mosquitoes. Each mathematician is bellowing insects of a different shade.  The mosquitoes form into a singular, polychromatic swarm. "FOOLS" it booms in unison, "I WILL INFECT EVERY BEING ON THIS PATHETIC PLANET WITH MALARIA"  The bartender stands fearless against the technicolor hoard. "But wait" he inturrupts, thinking fast, "if you do that, politicians will use the catastrophe as an excuse to implement free healthcare. Think of how much that will hurt the taxpayers!"  The mosquitoes fall silent for a brief moment. "My God, you're right. We didn't think about the economy! Very well, we will not attack this dimension. FOR THE TAXPAYERS!" and with that, they vanish.  A nearby barfly stumbles over to the bartender. "How did you know that that would work?"  "It's simple really" the bartender says. "I saw that the vectors formed a gradient, and therefore must be conservative."
Two sons walk into a casket shop to buy a coffin for their recently decided father. Upon entering one brother looks at the other slightly confused, "I though this place would be better" he says. "Yeah me too", his brother replies, "considering people are dying to get here".
A polar bear walks into a bar. The bartender asks "what'll it be?"  The bear says "I'll have a gin......and tonic."   the bartender says "ok, but why the big pause?"  The bear looks down and says "I don't know, I've always had them."
An older woman walks into a doctors office and asks the doctor if she could get a sample of viagra, but she doesn't want her husband to know about it. The doctor agrees and tells her to slip it into his coffee and come back in a week and tell him how it goes. The old woman comes back a week later and the doctor asks her how it went. She tells him, "It was amazing! I slipped the pill in his coffee and he ripped my clothes off and made love to me right on the table like we were teenagers again!" The doctor then asks if there were any problems and she said, "Yeah, we're not allowed at Subways anymore."
2 men walk into a bar after a long, hard day at work The first man asks the bartender, "May I have some H2O?"  The bartender gives the first man the drink and the first man chugs it down.  The second man, seeing what the first man did, asks the bartender, "May I have some H2O too?"  The bartender gives the second man the drink and the second man chugs it down.  The second man died shortly after. 
A Rabbi, a Preist, and a Monk walk into a bar The Rabbi orders a drink and says, “I’m sick of hearing the same old jokes about us recycled over and over again” to which the Priest replies, “I completely agree! The template is just dragged out and overused. I’d like to see someone try to make a joke about the three of us in a bar that is new.” The monk sits back for a moment and then says “how about this one?” 
A waiter walks into a restaurant with a magic hat and a wand saying " I will magically pull a rabbit from this hat!" He proceeds to do the trick.   He places his hat on the table and waves his wand around it excitedly.   After a few seconds nothing happens.   Then you hear a ding from the kitchen and the cook says " one rabbit on lettuce!"   Then a waitress says to the cook " you can't ever make a salad without finding a "hair" in it!"   
A man walks into a bar and orders two pints........ And drinks them both. He orders two more, drinks them and leaves. Bartender takes note, but he's seen weirder.  The man comes in every day for months and does the same thing. Finally the bartender asks him "How come you come in here alone, order two drinks together like that, and drink 'em? Why not order one at a time?"  The man says "We'll sir, me brother lives in Dublin, and we promised each other we would never drink alone. You see, me dad was killed by the bottle, and he died lonely, so this way we feel like we're drinking, but we're drinking together."  The bartender is taken by his dedication. The next time the man comes in he pours two pints and brings them over. The man raises his hand and says "Thanks, but only one from now on," and takes a hearty drink.  Bartender fears the worst and asks "Oh no, is everything ok with your brother?"  The man replies " Oh, he's fine. I had to quit drinking. This pint is his."
Kevin Spacey walks into a bar and he yells "Who wants me to push in their stool?"
Tom Hanks walks into WB studios Tom Hanks walks into the WB studios and enters one of the many conference rooms.  As he sits down for the read -through, he notices his fellow peers sitting at the table Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill's mustache, Gal Gadot and a couple of other people he was he was only vaguely familiar with. He picks up the script, looks at the first page and throws it back down on the table.  He throws his hands up and says, "I'd like a word with the director please. " At this point, Zak Snyder steps out with him and asks, "What's the problem,Tom?".  Tom just looks at him and says, " I can't be in a movie with these guys, they're in a league of their own."
Two scientists walk into a restaurant The first one says, "I'll have a glass of H2O".  The second one says, "I'll also have a glass of water. We are not at work right now, why are you referring to it like that?"  The first scientist goes into the bathroom and weeps, for his murder plan had failed.
Arthur C Clarke, CS Lewis &amp; JRR Tolkien walk into a bar... Clarke, Lewis and Tolkien walk into a bar arguing about how characters should travel.   Clarke says they should take a spaceship and Tolkien says they should walk. Lewis says that can just step through a wardrobe.  When asked how that's possible Lewis says "Narnia business"
A priest, a rabbi, and a World Series MVP walk into a bar... The bartender stops them and says, “No no no, what is this, some kind of joke?”
A bay leaf walks into a bar and asks for some pepper The bartender says 'We don't serve spices here'   It leafs
A dog walks into a bar. A dog walks into a bar and hops up on a stool. He looks the bartender in the eye and says, "Hey, guess what? I can talk. Have you ever seen a talking dog before? How about a drink?"  The bartender thinks for a moment and says, "Sure, the toilet's right around the corner."
A man walks into a clinic... A man walks into a clinic and says to the doctor:  – Doc, you see, I have this problem of excess of gases all they long. One million farts a day. They don't have any smell and they are totally silent but it is very inconvenient having to fart all they long.  The doctor says: – OK, take these pills after meals for a week and return here after that.  A week later the man returns and say: "Jeez Doc, I don't know what you did but the pills you gave me did not solve the gas problem. I continue to have the gas problem and now they smell like shit!".  The doctor says: "Good, the first part treatment was a success. Now you have your sense of smell back... now lets treat your hearing".
Man walks into a bar and orders 10 shots of tequila. Bartender surprised by the order asks what's the occasion? The man says "I just had my first blow job". With cheer in his voice bartender says "well if it's so, then I'll throw in 1 on the house". the mans says "if 10 shots can't wash that taste out of my mouth, I doubt 11 will"
A man walks into a bookstore... A man walks into a bookstore in Paris and asks the man behind the counter where he might find a copy of France's constitution. The man replies "sorry, we don't sell periodicals."
A turtle walks into a bar... ...actually, it was supposed to be a rabbit, but lack of a neutral net forced a last minute script change.
A guy walks into an eletronics store Employee: *Hello Sir, how may I be of assistance*  Guy: *My dishwasher just died on me, I was wondering if I could get a similar one*  Employee: *Sure thing Sir, what was the make and model?*  Guy: *Fat, Brown Hair, Brown Eyed Virgo with an annoying mother*
Thor and Pikachu walk into a bar and get in a fight with the bartender. They were both overcharged.
A man walks into his regular watering hole.... depressed he orders a double whiskey. The bartender asks him “What’s the bad news?”.  The guy says “Well my wife says she no longer enjoys sex so she’s cutting me off, we can only do it once a month”.  Bartender: “Ooohhh cheer up that’s nothing, she’s cut most of the guys in here completely off”
A snowman walks into a psychiatrist’s office. Psychiatrist: Hello sir how are you today?  Snowman: I feel terrible  Psychiatrist: Why‘s that?  Snowman: I either feel extremely sad or extremely happy all the time.  Psychiatrist: Hmmm. Maybe you should lay off the caffeine or get more sleep.  Snowman: No doc, I think I’m bipolar.
A Nazi soldier walks into a BAR The end.
A man walks into a bar... ...the bartender says “Hi Dave!”
An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar. The bartender turns to them, takes one look, and says, "What is this—some kind of joke?"
A whole gang of reposts walk into a bar ... The bartender says, what do you think this place is, **/r/jokes**?
Helvetica and Times New Roman walks into a bar "get out of here" shouts the bartender. "we don't serve your type."
An infectious disease walks into a bar An infectious disease walks into a bar.   The bartender says, "We don't serve your kind here."   It replies, "Well, you're not a very good host."
An irish man walks into a bar Or stumbles in he's already drunk.
A rabbit walks into a bar... He’s starving and asks the barman for some food. The barman says there’s only toasties left. The rabbit orders a ham toastie.  3 minutes later the toastie is ready and the rabbit wolfs it down. The rabbit is still starving so asks for another toastie. 3 minutes later the barman serves him a cheese toastie. Once again the rabbit wolfs it down and yet again is still hungry. Another 3 minutes go by and the rabbit is served with a tomato toastie. He wolfs this one down as well.  But suddenly, the rabbit drops to the floor dead.  A doctor in the room rushes over to the dead rabbit. He announces “This rabbit has died of myxomatoasties”.
An American, an Englishman, and a Russian walk into a bar And they all share some pints and have a good time
Three vampires walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them suspiciously, but decides to serve them anyway. "What’ll be, boys?"  The first vampire says "Blood. Give me blood."  The second vampire says "I too wish for blood!"  The third vampire says "Give me plasma."  The Bartender smiles and says "Got it. Two bloods, and a blood-light"  &amp;#x200B;  &amp;#x200B;  (GROAN)
A string walks into a bar... As the string comes to order a drink, the bartender says: “I’m sorry, we don’t serve your kind”  The rope leaves, twists himself up and parts his hair, and walks back into the bar  The bartender goes “hey, aren’t you the same guy from earlier?”  The rope goes “I’m a frayed knot”
An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar The first mathematician orders a beer  The second orders half a beer  "I don't serve half-beers" the bartender replies  "Excuse me?" Asks mathematician #2  "What kind of bar serves half-beers?" The bartender remarks. "That's ridiculous."  "Oh c'mon" says mathematician #1 "do you know how hard it is to collect an infinite number of us? Just play along"  "There are very strict laws on how I can serve drinks. I couldn't serve you half a beer even if I wanted to."  "But that's not a problem" mathematician #3 chimes in "at the end of the joke you serve us a whole number of beers. You see, when you take the sum of a continuously halving function-"  "I know how limits work" interjects the bartender  "Oh, alright then. I didn't want to assume a bartender would be familiar with such advanced mathematics"  "Are you kidding me?" The bartender replies, "you learn limits in like, 9th grade! What kind of mathematician thinks limits are advanced mathematics?"  "HE'S ON TO US" mathematician #1 screeches  Simultaneously, every mathematician opens their mouth and out pours a cloud of multicolored mosquitoes. Each mathematician is bellowing insects of a different shade.  The mosquitoes form into a singular, polychromatic swarm. "FOOLS" it booms in unison, "I WILL INFECT EVERY BEING ON THIS PATHETIC PLANET WITH MALARIA"  The bartender stands fearless against the technicolor hoard. "But wait" he inturrupts, thinking fast, "if you do that, politicians will use the catastrophe as an excuse to implement free healthcare. Think of how much that will hurt the taxpayers!"  The mosquitoes fall silent for a brief moment. "My God, you're right. We didn't think about the economy! Very well, we will not attack this dimension. FOR THE TAXPAYERS!" and with that, they vanish.  A nearby barfly stumbles over to the bartender. "How did you know that that would work?"  "It's simple really" the bartender says. "I saw that the vectors formed a gradient, and therefore must be conservative."  
Four guys walk into a bar The fifth one ducks.
Leroy walks into a bar... ...sits down, and orders a shot.  He drains the glass, swishes it around in his mouth, spits it on the floor, and says, "sumbitch shore can drive!"  The bartender says, "Hey! I run a clean establishment here."  Leroy apologizes and orders another shot.  He drains the glass, swishes it around in his mouth, spits it on the floor, and says, "sumbitch shore can drive!"  The bartender is starting to get a little pissed.  "I told you I run a clean establishment here.  If you do that again, I'm calling the cops."  Leroy apologizes again, and orders a third shot.  He drains the glass, swishes it around in his mouth, spits it on the floor, and says, "sumbitch shore can drive!"  The bartender calls the cops and before long two policemen show up.  As they are taking Leroy off to jail, one of them asks why he kept spitting his drink on the floor.  "Well, I was riding around with my friend Curtis in his brand new car.  As we top this hill doing 140, we about to hit a bus.  I told Curtis 'Man, you get me out of this, I'll suck your dick.'  Sumbitch shore can drive."
A string walks into a bar. The bartender says we don't serve your kind here.  The string leaves and he twists himself up, parts his hair, and comes back.  The bartender asks "Aren't you the same rope from before?"  The rope replies I'm a frayed not.
A vegan and an introvert walk into a room which one tells you what they are first? None; the person who hasn't watched "a single episode of Game of Thrones" beat them to it.
A guy walks into a bar He saw a sign that reads:  Cheese Sandwich: $1.50 Chicken Sandwich: $2.50 Hand Job: $10.00  He checks his wallet and beckons to the sexy bartender. She slinks over and leans over the bar, revealing her ample cleavage.  "Are you the one who gives the hand jobs?" he asks.  "Yes," she purrs. "I am."  "Well, wash your fuckin' hands," says the man. "I want a cheese sandwich."
A roll of toilet paper walks into a bar... The bartender says, “Man, you look awful! What’s up?” The toilet paper says, “Nothing, really. I’m just wiped.”
A vampire walks into a bar... The bartender nervously says "what do you want to drink?"  The vampire says "hot water please"  The bartender hands him the hot water saying "I thought vampires drank blood?"  The vampire pulls a used tampon out of his pocket and puts it into the water "I'm having tea."
Man walks into a library and orders an incredibly hot curry. "This is a library", says the librarian  "Oh, sorry", replies the man  "*I'd like to order an incredibly hot curry please*", he whispers
A vegan, a bitcoin trader and someone who didn’t vote in 2016 all walk into a bar. Who tells you about it first?﻿
A man walks into a bar, he is an alcoholic and is ruining his family.
A rapist, a bigot, and a pathological liar walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What'll you have, Mr. President?"
A Russian spy, a sexua predator and a businessman walk into a bar The bartender says, “what can I get you Mr President?”  (Shamelessly Stolen from God’s twitter)
A man walks into a bar He goes to the bartender and asks for a beer the bartender puts an apple on the bar.  The man says "this is an apple I wanted a beer"  The bartender says "lick it!"  The man licks the apple and goes "okay it tastes like an apple"  The bartender says "okay turn it around, and now lick it."  The man is stunned, it taste like a fine craft beer  The man says "okay well what if I want a shot of gin"  The bartender takes out a banana and says "lick it."  The man licks it and says "come on I wanted a gin, you know a drink, this just tastes like the outside of the a banana"  The bartender says "turn it around and now lick it"  The man amazed says "wow this taste exactly like gin, but okay if I can't have a drink how about some pussy?"  The bartender puts a peach on the bar and says "lick it"  The man licks it and starts spitting, he yells "god damnit what is wrong with you that tastes like ass!"  The bartender says "well, turn it around!"
A ham sandwich walks into a bar... “I’m sorry, we don’t serve food here.”
A bear walks into a bar and says "Give me a whiskey...... and a cola" "Why the big pause?" asks the bartender.  The bear shrugs "I'm not sure, I was born with them."
Three Italian bros. walk into a bar. It was a hooker bar.  By the end of the night Veni had cam, Vidi was an jnfortunate bystander, and Vici had won that game of chess.
A robot walks into a bar. The bartender says, "We don't serve robots." The robot replies, "Oh, but someday you will."
David Hasslehoff walks into a Glasgow pub And barman says "what will it he Mr Hasslehoff"  David says, please it's just "Hoff"  And the barman replies "sure nae Hassle, Hoff"
A hurricane walks into a bar The owner doesn’t have insurance so his life is pretty much ruined.
Two ducks walk into a bar. The third duck ducks.
Helen Keller walks into a bar Then a table and then a chair, 
A duck walks into a bar and asks, "Got any Bread?"  Barman says: "No." Duck says: "Got any bread?" Barman says: "No." Duck says: "Got any bread?" Barman says: "No, we have no bread." Duck says: "Got any bread?" Barman says: "No, we haven't got any bread!" Duck says: "Got any bread?" Barman says: "No, are you deaf?! We haven't got any bread, and if you ask me again and I'll nail your dang beak to the bar you irritating dang duck!" Duck says: "Got any nails?" Barman says: "No" Duck says: "Got any bread?  
A man walks into a bar with a steering wheel between his legs... The bar tender asks him "Mate why do you have a steering wheel between your legs?" The man replies "I have no idea, but it is driving me nuts". 
A man walks into a psychiatrists with a pair of clingfilm underwear. Psychiatrist: I can clearly see you're nuts.
A police officer, a Klansman and a murderer walk into a bar... And then he sits down and orders a drink. 
A man walks into a bar an sees a really angry looking horse tied up at the end of the bar with a bucket of $20's near him The man asks the bartender "Whats the deal with the horse and the money?" Bartender goes "That's the angriest horse in the world, anyone who can get him to ease up gets the bucket of cash. $20 bucks though if ya lose." The man walks over to the horse and whispers something in its ear and the horse starts laughing hysterically. The man takes the bucket of cash and walks off.  The next week he walks in to the same bar, sees the horse still laughing and a new bucket with twice as much money. The bartender flags him down. "He hasn't stopped since you left! I'm worried about him, make him stop and the cash is yours!" The man then takes the horse out of the bar and into the alley for less than a minute. The horse is now sobbing loudly. The man takes the bucket and the bartender grabs his arm and asks: "Buddy what is the deal?" The man replied: "Well last week I told him I had a bigger dick than him, this week I proved it."
A hamburger and a french fry walk into a bar....   The bartender says, "I'm sorry but we don't serve *food* here
2 Anal Fissures walk into a bar One asks “could you pass a stool please?”  The other replies “OK...but it’s going to hurt...”
A centurion walks into a bar... and holds up two fingers. "Five, please."
A Frenchman and an American walk into a bar. After a few drinks, they get into a fight. After it gets physical, they move out to an alleyway. Eventually, the Frenchman knocks down to American, and begins kicking his side. Soon, the Frenchman pulls out a knife, and the American begins begging for his life.   "Mercy, mercy!" He yells.  The Frenchman replies "You're welcome," and stabs the Anerican in the heart.
A man walks into a coffee shop... He walks up to the counter to place his order, and the cashier says to him, “Good afternoon, sir, what can I get for you today? Might I add that since today is our opening day, we’re giving away free cups of coffee.” She gestures to a sign off to the side advertising free coffee.  Suddenly, from behind the sign, a female barista bursts into a fit of uncontrollable coughing. She coughs so loudly and violently that she draws the attention of everybody in the shop.  After waiting some time for the barista to compose herself, the cashier leans over the counter and whispers, “don’t worry, that’s my friend, and she does that all the time...”  The man smiles and says to the cashier,  “Yeah, well, give me a tall cup of coffee over there, Extra hot, and I’ll add the cream myself...”   He gestures toward the sign.   The cashier stares back at the man and says,  “To clarify, sir, the coffee is free today—She’s not free until Friday night.”   
I believe I have invented a totally new 'A man walks into a bar' joke. A lady goes into a bar.  Immediately she says: "What? My tits could fit into this twenty thousand times. What the hell's going on?"  The barman replies; "You're dyslexic".
Guy walks into an exotic bar looking for something to eat. He studies the fancy menu for a moment, then decides on the 'Half Roast Donkey'.  Having never tried this before, and being quite a large gentleman, he slams his fist on the bar and shouts, "Full Roast Donkey, NOW!"   "No", says the barman, "I can't serve an ass whole."
A Duck Walks Into A Bar.... ...Bartender yells, "DUCK!"   - via my 8 year old self.
A lady walks into a bar, the bartender asks, "Anheuser Busch?" The lady replies, "Fine....and how's your penis?"
A rabbit walks into a bar He walks up to the bartender and says; "Barkeep! Pint of Guinness and a cheese and ham toastie please" The bartender looks at him for a second as he gets to grips with the fact a talking rabbit has walked into his bar, he shrugs and starts making the rabbit's toastie, pulls the rabbit's pint, and sets it down in front of him.   The rabbit eats the toastie, gulps down the barkeep, and with a cheery "cheers barkeep!" Walks out of the bar.  The next day, the rabbit comes back into the bar and says;  "Barkeep! Pint of Guinness and a cheese and ham toastie please" The bartender starts making the rabbit's toastie, pulls the rabbit's pint, and sets it down in front of him.   The rabbit eats the toastie, gulps down the barkeep, and with a cheery "cheers barkeep!" Walks out of the bar.  The next day the same thing happened again, the rabbit walks into the bar and has the same order. This happens every day for the next few months, and the rabbit is beginning to be a regular at the pub. Until one day the rabbit walks into the bar and asks for the usual only to be told by the bartender that they didn't have any ham left but he could make the rabbit a cheese and onion toastie if the rabbit wanted.   The rabbit ponders this for a few seconds before agreeing to a cheese and onion toastie. The rabbit eats down the toastie, gulps down his pint, says cheers to the bartender and leaves.  The next day the rabbit doesn't turn up, and the bartender is a bit worried but thinks nothing of it, maybe the rabbit just didn't fancy a toastie today. That night however, the bartender woke up to a bright light shining in his eyes, and It was the ghost of the rabbit at the end of the bed.   The bartender immediately starts asking the rabbit what happened as the rabbit was fit and healthy the day before, to which the rabbit replied; "I had been eating cheese and ham toasties for so long, when you gave me a cheese and onion one, you gave me a case of mixin-ma-toasties"  BA-dum-tssss  Edit: here's the explanation, https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myxomatosis
The President of Russia walks into Melania's bedroom and offers her cash in exchange   for ten minutes of pleasure.  "Vlad, a mere $10,000?  I ain't Putin out!"
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants.... And the bartender says: “What’s that for?”  And the pirate says, “Arrgh, it’s driving me nuts.”
A Priest, a Rabbi, a Hooker and a Nun walk into a bar. The bartender looks up from the bar and says, “Is this some kind of joke?”
A Spic, a Mick, and a Chick walk into a bar. The Spic says, "Une tequila por favor." The bar tender gives it to him. The Mick says "Ah'll 'ave a pint o' Guinness." The Chick says "Tweet tweet."
A guy walks into a library and asks the librarian, "do you have that book for men with small penises?" The librarian looks on her computer and says, "I don't know if it's in yet."  The man replies, "Yeah that's the one."
A guy walks into a tattoo parlor and says he wants a $50 bill tattooed on his dick. The tattoo artist asks him why the hell he would want that. The guy says "well my wife likes to blow money and I like to watch my money grow."
A man walks into a bar And a Table, And some chairs
An Englishman, Irishman and Scotsman walk into a bar.. The barman says, "What is this some kind of joke"?
A guy with no arms walks into a church and goes up to a priest. He says "Im here about the bell ringing job you have advertised?" The priest looks a little puzzled but says sure, lets go up the tower and you can give it a go. They get to the top and the priest says "okay show me how you do it?" The man takes a few steps back and runs headfirst into the bell and it chimes quietly. The priest says "im afraid thats not loud enough" So the man takes a few more steps back and tries again but this time its only a little louder. The man begs for one more go and he leans right back against the edge of the bell tower before running forward but this time he misses and goes flying over the edge to his death. A crowd gathers below and one onlooker says to another "Do you know this man?" The other replies "No, but his face rings a bell".
An Englishman, a Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a bar... Barman says what is this? Some kind of joke?
A man drunkenly walks into his wife's room... He loudly proclaims, "I have no idea how I could live without you!"  Flustered, the wife asks, "Is that you talking or the whiskey talking?"  "It's me talking to the whiskey."
A man walks into a bar… and loses the limbo contest.
A man walks into a bar... ... and notices a small man playing the piano. He says to the bartender "what's up with that guy?". To which the bartender replies "That man over there, is a genie, he has perfect hearing, but is just an asshole"
A man walks into a watch and clock store... ...unzips his trousers and slaps his cock on the counter.   The woman behind the counter doesn't bat an eyelid.   She looks him straight in the eye and says "Put that away Sir, this is a clock shop - not a cock shop!"   "Well," replies the man, "Why don't you put two hands and a face on it?"
A black guy and an asian guy walks into a bar after a lincoln costume party. The black guy hurt his head and the asian got his hat knocked off.
So this guy walks into a bar ....and says "Ouch!!!"
A man walks into a bar and says "Joke Joke Joke Joke" The bartender say, "this has already been posted on reddit" 
A Big Muscular Guy Walks Into Walmart A big muscular guy with a bad stutter goes to a counter at Walmart and asks, "W-w-w-where's the e-l-l-l-lectronic's dep-p-p-partment?"   The assistant behind the counter just looks at him and says nothing.   The man repeats himself: "W-w-w-where's the e-l-l-l-lectronic's dep-p-p-partment?"   Again, the assistant doesn't answer him.   The guy asks several more times: "W-w-w-where's the e-l-l-l-lectronic's dep-p-p-partment?"   And the assistant just seems to ignore him.   Finally, the guy storms off in anger.   The customer who was waiting in line behind the guy asks the assistant, "Why wouldn't you answer that guy's question?"    The assistant answers, "D-d-d-do you th-th-th-think I w-w-w-want to get b-b-b-beat up?!!" 
A Man Walks Into A Bar He was hesitant to do so, since it seemed to have had such an unusual name. But, he eventually did.  He stayed all night, and enjoyed himself roundly. Though the next day he found his lips covered in cold sores!  That was the last time he went to that 'Epstein' bar.
A guy walks into an auto parts store and says to the clerk, "I would like a pair of new windshield wipers for my Yugo." The clerk responds, "Sounds like a fair trade."
An Englishman, a Scotsman, and an Irishman walk into a bar Or a pub if you prefer.  They all order a pint of Guinness.  Three flies come along and they all manage to land in the beer of the three patrons.  The Englishman pushes his beer away in disgust and orders another one.  The Scotsman takes the fly out and drinks his beer.  The Irishman takes the fly out of his glass, takes it over the beer and starts shaking it up and down finally yelling "Spit it out you bastard! Spit it out!"
A Roman walks into a bar holds up two fingers and said "five beers, please"
A Man Walks into a Bar Ouch
3 guys walk into a bar 4th one ducks
A German, an American and a Russian walk into a bar. The bartender eyes then suspiciously and asks, “Is this some kind of joke?” 
A Search Engine Optimization expert walks into a bar... pub, tavern, inn, taproom, drinkery, public house, beer garden, beer, alcohol.
A sandwich walks into a bar The bar man says “we don’t serve food here!”
A man walks into a bar. Upon sitting down a busty blond waitress pours him a drink and asks if he would like some food. He looks up at the menu above the bar it says:  Hot dog $2 Cheese burger $5 Hand job $10  He asks the waitress, "Miss are you the one who gives the handjobs?"  She winks and replies, "Why, yes I am".   He says, "Well wash your hands, I want a cheeseburger".
A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel in his pants The bartender looks at him and says “Hey, you know there’s a steering wheel in your pants right?” The pirate responds “Yarr, it’s drivin’ me nuts!”
An Australian walks into a bar... He says, "ǝʇɐɯ 'ɹǝǝq ǝuo ǝʌɐɥ ll,I"
A weasel walks into a bar The bartender says,  “What can I get you?” “Pop!” goes the weasel.
Guy walks into a brothel and says "I will pay 50.000$ to any woman who can give me a blowjob and sing at the same time" and one woman way in the back says "I can do it but you must turn off the lights". So the guy agrees and they go to the room where the woman turns off the lights making the room completely dark.  The woman starts to please the guy and while she's doing it the guy can hear her beautiful voice singing and quite good actually.  In the middle of this, someone walks into the room and turns on the lights.  When the guys eyes adjust, he looks around and spots a glass eye on the table. 
A hamburger walks into a restaurant kitchen... and it was ready in about 7 minutes.
Man walks into a KFC and asks for the Tonya Harding special... 2 large thighs, 2 small breasts, and a club soda. 
A man walks into a bar and strolls up to the counter  Without a word he pulls out a miniature piano and a foot tall man from his jacket. The tiny man immediately starts playing a beautiful sonata.   "Thats amazing son. Where in the world did you get him from?", asked the bartender.   The man pulls out a magic lamp and sets it on the counter. "I just rubbed the lamp and made a wish. Wanna try?"  The bartender eagerly nods and rubs the lamp and suddenly the bar is filled with a million ducks.   "Ducks? I didn't wish for a million ducks" the bartender yelled.   "Ya", the man replied "you really think I wished for a twelve inch pianist?"
A drunk farmer walks into a bar Wearing nothing but suspenders a drunk farmer walks into a bar. After some curious views and complaints from customers the bartender told the drunk farmer to, "Beet it".
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and asks for a beer The bartender nods,  "and how about one for the road?" 
A cat walks into a bar. The bartender says, "what'll you have?" The cat says, "A shot of rum." The bartender pours the cat his drink. The cat slowly pushes the shot off the table. "Another."
Stevie Wonder and Hellen Keller walk into a bar Stevie wonder and Hellen Keller walk into a bar. Then they both walk into a wall. Then Stevie walks into a chair. You can probably see where this is going... too bad they can't.
Two chemists walk into a bar... The first chemist says "I'll have some H20"  The second chemist says, "I'll have some H20 as well."  The first chemist kicks himself as his assassination attempt fails.
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and sees a horse standing there with a big bucket full of money infront of it.  The man asks the bartender : why the horse and the big bucket of money? The bartender explains to the man that if he can make this horse laugh, he wins the money.  The man asks if there are any rules and the bartender explains there are no rules, just make him laugh!  So the man takes this horse to the bathroom and returns within 5 minutes while the horse is laughing out loud right behind him and so the man returns home with his bucket full of money.  A week later the man returns to the bar and again another bucket  full of money infront of the same horse! So the man asks the bartender what he has to do this time to win the money. The bartender says that he must make the horse cry this time and again no rules. So the man takes the horse to the bathroom again and 5 minutes later returns with the horse crying.   At this point the bartender wonders what the hell he did both times and asks the man.  The man says to the bartender, well the first time I told him my d*ck is bigger than yours and today I showed it to him!
An SQL query walks into a bar , walks up to two tables and asks; "May I join you?"
A man walks into a bar and sees a sign... The sign says 'If you can make the donkey laugh, you get free drinks for the night.' The man takes the donkey into the bathroom. They come out a few minutes later, and the donkey is laughing hysterically.   The next week, the man walks in and sees a sign saying 'If you can make the donkey cry, you get free drinks for the night.' The man takes the donkey into the bathroom, and few minutes later, the donkey comes out crying.   The bartender, amazed, asks how the man made the donkey laugh and cry. The man replies with 'well, the first time I told him I had a big dick. The second time, I showed it to him.'
A man walks into a bar and sees his friend sitting beside a 12-inch pianist. He says to his friend, "That's amazing. How did you get that?"  The man pulls out a bottle and tells him to rub it and make a wish. He rubs the bottle, and a puff of smoke pops out and tells him that he can have one wish. So the man thinks and says, "I wish I had a million bucks."  The genie says, "OK, go outside, and your wish will be granted."  The man goes outside, but all he finds are ducks filling the sky and roads. He goes back in and tells his friend what happend, and his friend replies, "I know. Did you really think I wanted a 12-inch pianist?"  
A man walks into a bar and he sees a huge amount of people milling about, waiting for the bartender to ladle out cups of red liquid from a bowl.  When the man finally gets to the counter, he asks for a double whiskey.  "Ain't got no whiskey," says the bartender. The man asks for vodka, to the same result. Same goes for gin, tequila, and rum.   Frustrated, the man throws up his hands. "Look, I walked into a bar; isn't this where you come to get alcohol?"  The bartender shakes his head and says "oh, sorry no - this is just the punch line."
A man walks into the bar.... And up to the barman, 'pint please' he asks Barman proceeds to pour him a pint, '£3 please' says the barman while handing the pint over.  The man empties his pockets to find no money.  'Anything i can do instead to pay for it?' Asks the man 'Actually yes' replies the barman, 'see that donkey over in the corner?'   The man looks, nodding.  'Make that donkey laugh, then the pints on me'  The man decides what the heck, walks over the the donkey, whispers in its ear and to everyones amazement, the donkey laughs.  The man swiftly walks to the bar, downs his pint and asks 'anything else for more pints?'  'Yes, if you can make him cry, all your drinks are on me'  The man smiled and walked back to the donkey, a few minutes went by and a bit of commotion before the donkey started to cry.  'Wtf' shouts the barman, 'first of all, how did you make him laugh?'  'I told the donkey i had a bigger dick than him' replies the man  'And how did you make him cry?'  'I showed him'
A guy walks into a market and ask for the half of a watermelon. The produce employee tells him that they only sell full watermelons, the guy ask again but he gets the same answer.  So he tells the employee to ask to his supervisor, the employee agrees(without noticing that the customer is behind him all the time).  When the employee meets the supervisor tells him: Hey boss we have a jerk out there that wants to buy just half of a watermelon, and the customer interrupts: YOU SAY I'M A WHAT?!!  And the employee replies:   And this gentleman wants the other half.
A Cowboy walks into a bar, and sits alone in the corner... Soon enough, after ordering drinks, a woman walks over and sits down with him and asks "are you a real cowboy?"  He replies, "I've spend my whole life rearing livestock, droving cattle, and riding a horse till my ass is red raw, so yeah, I think I'm a cowboy."  The woman nods, and goes quiet for a few seconds, then says "I'm a lesbian. Everything I do makes me think of naked women. I wake up, nude chicks, make lunch, tits on the mind, go to bed, you know what I'm dreaming about." The cowboys eyes widen, he nods thoughtfully, and they continue to drink in silence.  Not long later, a man swings a chair around and asks the man "are you a cowboy?"  He replies "I thought I was, but about 5 minutes ago I found out I was a lesbian"
A ham sandwich walks into a bar... And the bartender says, "sorry we don't serve food here."
A guy walks into a bar But he realized which # Number the situation he will be put into , thus he immediately leaves but outside he watched an old man fish in a puddle “Poor Old fool,” . So he invited the old man inside for a drink. As they sipped their whiskeys, the gentleman thought he’d humor the old man and asked, “So how many have you caught today?”  The old man replied, “You’re the eighth.”
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad!! One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says “Oh just a beer”. The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong,why are you so down today?”. The man said “My wife and i got into a fight,and she said she would’nt talk to me for a month”. The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”? The man siad “Well the month is up tonight”.
Man walks into a pet shop. A man walks into a pet shop, and asks the owner for the most exotic talking pet he had. The shop keeper obliged, and rummaged around under the counter. He then passes the man a match box. The man looked surprised and confused? And asked the shop keeper what's in the box? The shop owner replied, a talking catapilla. Still confused the man said i will give it a try and took the catapilla home.   All excited with his new pet he decides to take him for a walk. So the man opens the match box slightly and says to the catapilla. Fancy coming for a walk around the block? The catapilla didn't repy. So the man shut the match box and thought he must be sleeping and went on his walk.  The next morning he tried it again and asks the catapilla do you fancy a walk around the block? Same again not a peep from the catapilla. Now the man was unhappy he thought he has been scammed by the shop owner. And would return it the next day.   A day later the man wakes up and opens the match box slightly for a peep. And says to the catapilla. Right we are going for a walk if you like it or not or I'm taking you back.  A moment passed and suddenly the catapilla shouts promptly. "I heard you the first time, I'm still in the middle of putting all my shoes on!!""   
A mushroom walks into a bar... The bartender says: "We don't serve your kind here" The mushroom responds: "Why not? I'm a fungi!"
A woman walks into the doctor's office She asks the doctor, "How much do you charge for a breast job?" The doctor replies, "The procedure starts at $5,000, depending on the size." She says "I can't afford that much money, are there any other options?" The doctor leans back and says "Well, yes, for $200 we can insert a balloon into each breast, which are attached to small pumps held under the armpit. Anytime you want larger breasts, just flap your arms and the balloons will fill up. It's a bit bulky but you can't beat the price." The woman thinks this is a terrific option and undergoes the procedure.  On the way home her car is stopped at a red light. A handsome young man pulls up next to her. She quickly flaps her arms and her breasts become larger. The young man looks over at her and winks. Success! That night, she puts on her best outfit and heads to the bar. While sitting at the counter, a dashing gentleman sits down next to her and says hello. She discretely turns away and flaps her arms. When she turns back to the gentleman, he starts flapping his legs together and says, "I see we go to the same doctor."
A mushroom walks into a bar. The bartender says, “Hey, get out of here! We don’t serve mushrooms here”. Mushroom says, “Why not? I’m a fungai!”  
An SEO expert walks into a bar, bars, pub, tavern, public house, Irish pub, drinks, beer, alcohol...
A man walks into a bar He walks up to the bartender and asks for 8 shots of Lagavulin.  Bartender lines up the glasses, and as soon as one is filled the man empties it.  The bartender says "Hey this is good scotch, you might want to take a second to enjoy it, yeah?"  "Eh. You'd be drinking like this too if you had what I have."  "I'm sorry to hear that. What's it that you've got?"  "25 cents"
A proton walks into a hotel The bellboy asks "Sir, may I take your bags for you?"   The proton replies "No, thanks. I'm traveling light" 
Dad walks into his sons room to tell him to stop masturbating or he'll go blind Dad: *walks into sons room* Son: "what dad?" Dad: "son you better quit jerking off or you'll go blind!" Son: "dad, I'm over here" 
A ghost walks into a bar... And the whole bar stares at him, and he goes to the Bartender and the Bartender says, "We've never served a ghost before, so don't mind the staring." The ghost replied, "Yeah, 20$ a drink? I see why."
A talking duck walks into a bar He walks up and orders a shot of whiskey because he’s depressed. The bartender looks at him gobsmacked because he’s a talking duck and then asks why he’s sad.  The duck says “I just lost my job” The bartender replies “well don’t be sad I know just the perfect place you can apply. The circus has just pulled into town”  The duck replies “what would a circus want with a plasterer?”
A weasel walks into a bar... The bartender, surprised, says “I’ve never see. A weasel in a bar before... what can I get you?”    “Pop” goes the weasel 
A man strolls into a pharmacy and asks the assistant for some condoms A man strolls into a pharmacy and asks the assistant for some condoms. She asks, ''What size please?'' ''Good question," he replies, " I'm not sure," ''Tell ya what. Right outside, there's a fence with three holes in it, stick your dick in the holes and tell me which one it fits in,'' suggests the lady. So he takes her advice, goes outside and puts his dick in the first hole. A woman walks past, see's his dick and starts feeling it. The man thinks, ''Hey, this ain't too bad.'' Then he puts his dick in the second hole, another woman walks by, and gives him a blow job. At this point, he is literally blown away. He quickly shoves his dick in the last hole, and yet another woman walks by, and she starts to shag him. After they are done rocking, he high-steps it back inside and goes to the counter. The assistant asks ''What size then?'' "Forget the condoms," says the man, "how much for the fence?"  
A man walks into a bra. He is now transexual and dyslexic.﻿
Man Walks Into Store That Is Open turns around and then realizes that the store is closed and leaves
An Australian guy walks into a bar with a crocodile under his arm. He asks the bartender if he will give him free drinks if he shows he can put his penis inside the crocs mouth for 15 seconds without it getting bit off.  The bartender agrees.  The guy opens the crocs mouth and puts his penis inside it; the croc gently closes his mouth and after 15 seconds the Australian hits him over the head with a bottle, causing the croc to open his mouth and let the guy withdraw his penis.  The bartender starts serving the free drinks to the Austr alian and then tells everyone in the bar "If anyone else can do that then I will give them free drinks also".  There is a pause and then a blonde woman calls out "ok, I will do it but please don't hit me so hard over my head with the bottle".
A guy walks into a bar with a pet alligator by his side. He puts the alligator up on the bar and turns to the astonished patrons.  "I'll make you a deal. I'll open this alligator's mouth and place my genitals inside. Then the gator will close his mouth for one minute. He'll then open his mouth, and I'll remove my unit unscathed. In return for witnessing this spectacle, each of you will buy me a drink."  The crowd murmurs their approval. The man stands up on the bar, drops his trousers, and places his privates in the alligator's open mouth. The gator closes his mouth as the crowd gasps. After a minute, the man grabs a beer bottle and raps the alligator hard on the top its head. The gator opens his mouth, and the man removes his genitals, unscathed, as promised. The crowd cheers, and he receives the first of his free drinks.  The man stands up again and makes another offer: "I'll pay anyone $100 who's willing to give it a try."  A hush falls over the crowd. A moment later, a hand goes up in the back of the bar.  "I'll try," says a small woman, "but you have to promise not to hit me on the head with the beer bottle."
Michael O'Leary walks into a bar... ... and says, "I'll have a pint of Guinness please." "Of course sir," the barman says, "and will sir be having a glass with that?"
An atheist, vegan, and crossfitter walk into a bar I don't know what happened because I left
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar You can't tell me that's just a coincidence .
A Frenchman walks into a bar with a cat on his shoulder. The cat is wearing a little baseball cap. "Hey, that’s neat," says the bartender. "Where did you get that?”  “France," the kitty says, "they’ve got millions of them!”
A guy walks into a bar and says to the barman, "Give me six double vodkas." The barman says, "Wow, you must have had one hell of a day."  "Yeah, I just found out my oldest son is gay."  The next day, the same guy comes into the bar and asks for six more double vodkas. When the bartender asks what's wrong, the man says, "I just found out that my youngest son is gay, too!"  On the third day, the guy comes into the bar and orders another six double vodkas. The bartender says, "Jesus! Doesn't anybody in your family like women?"  The man downs the first drink and shakes his head, "Yeah, my wife!"
A redditor walks into a bar... Going straight to the bartender, he says:   “Give me your a shot of your strongest whiskey.”  The bartender whips out the said bottle, pouring out a shot. He, being the redditor’s good friend, asks,”What happened?”  “Well,” the redditor replies “It’s the amount of reposts on r/jokes nowadays. You see, here’s one that’s been reposted five times this month...”  “Ah, I do see.” The bartender replies “How about I give you some of mine? I’m sure they’re original.”  “Sure.” The redditor was ready for his second shot.  “A man walked into a pole, kicking it by accident...” the bartender says in his best joke-telling voice.  “...Sadly, he kicked the bucket.” He ends, after the five minutes it took him to say it.  The redditor bursts into laughter, yelling, “Another one! That was incredible!”  *****  After a long joke-telling session, the bartender finally grew tired. “Here, how about I write one down?”  “Of course!” Said the redditor.  And so he wrote.  He wrote and wrote, till his paper was full.  The messy handwriting barely fit five pieces of paper.  “Here you go.” Said the bartender.  The redditor read the first line.  “An old tramp goes on a deluxe cruise...”  And he immediately put it down.  “What’s wrong, you don’t want it?” Said the bartender.  “No thanks,” the redditor said, sorely disappointed.  “I’ve Reddit already.”  
Two introverts walk into a bar... They don't say anything.
Horse walks into a bar Ouch
A guy walks into a bar with his monkey. A guy walks into a bar with his monkey.  While at the bar, the monkey won't stop jumping from here and there, messing with the fridge, with the tables, until a moment that he ate a pool ball.  The bartender said to the monkey's owner: did you see what your monkey did? He ate a pool ball.  The guy said: I'm sorry, the monkey is a troublemaker. I'll pay for it, don't worry.  So, he pays the bill and the ball and goes away.  Another day, he comes back with his monkey again. The monkey, as done before, started jumping through the whole bar until a moment that he stopped near an olive plate. He picked one olive, shove it at his ass, took it back and ate it.  The bartender said: hey, did you see what your monkey did? He put an olive in the ass then ate it.  The guy said: well, after that pool ball, he learned to measure everything before eating. 
A limbo champion walks into a bar Instant disqualification.
A Buddhist monk walks into a cafeteria "Good morning Sir what would you like in your sandwich?"   "Make me one with everything"
Two hot dogs walk into a bar, what does the bar tender say? Sorry we don't serve food here.
An original joke walks into a bar. Bartender : Hey, welcome to /r/jokes! I don't think I've seen you here before.  Original joke: Don't worry, I'll be a regular here within a week or two. 
A man walks into a doctors office with Saran Wrap underwear and says to the doctor " I think I am going crazy"! The doctor replies "Why yes, I can clearly see your nuts".
H.P. Lovecraft walks into a bar. He looks around and spies a disheveled, haunted-looking figure, a man with hollow eyes and a long, scraggly beard. Sitting on the bar next to the man is a cadaverous cat with patchy fur and cloudy eyes, which hisses at the bartender whenever he passes by.  Lovecraft sits down next to the man. “Hello friend,” he says, “I’m a writer of horror and the uncanny, and I’m always on the lookout for inspiration. You must have a bizarre tale to tell!”  “Salutations, friend,” says the bearded man with a southern drawl, a rarity in Lovecraft’s town of Providence. “The name’s Nathaniel Peaslee. I have a bizarre tale indeed, one that so beggars belief that I’d think it a nightmare, had it not occupied the last year of my life. Or rather, had my body not been occupied for the last year by the mind of an alien, while my mind occupied his, a hundred years hence!”  “Oh, this is good,” says Lovecraft, pulling out a pencil and a notebook. “An alien from the future, you say?”  “Indeed,” says Nathaniel. “He walked around in my body to study the history of humanity, while I crawled around in his massive, tentacled, cone-shaped form, mingling with other refugees from their home planets and eras.”  “Fascinating,” says Lovecraft, scribbling away. “What did you learn of the future?”   “I became privy to the most wondrous advanced technology,” says Nathaniel, a tremble entering his voice. “Though much of what I learned has fled my mind like a dream in the daylight, upon my return to Earth I was able to use my knowledge to construct a device that breathes life back into the dead!”  “Impossible!” says Lovecraft.  “The only rational reaction,” says Nathaniel, “but Hulu here is living proof, pardon the pun!” He gestures at the sickly feline, which coughs up a hairy blob of phlegm. “When I realized the machine only instills a foul state of un-death, I destroyed it straight away.”  “That cat does indeed look dead, but for its animation,” concedes Lovecraft. “And such a strange name!”  “I named him after another wondrous technology I learned of in my jaunt beyond the stars,” says the man. “An invention called ’streaming video,’ by which a limitless variety of films of incomparable fidelity can be viewed in one’s own home at one’s own leisure.” The man’s eyes grew wide and unfocused, as if he were once again gazing into the future. “If I could recreate this marvelous technology, it could inspire a cultural renaissance the likes of which mankind has never known!”  “The very prospect fills me with awe and wonder!” says Lovecraft, transcribing furiously.  “In the morning I shall return to my home town of Raleigh in North Carolina,” says Nathaniel, “and set to work to invent ‘streaming’ as best I can with our limited tools.”   “You must keep me informed of your progress,” says Lovecraft. “Say, do you mind if I seek to publish a fictionalized account of your mind-boggling experience?”  Nathaniel gulps down the last of his beer, stands up, and scoops the lifeless Hulu up in one arm. “Feel free, friend,” he says, “though do it fast. If my work bears fruit, there will be no call to read a book ever again!” He walks out the door, wisps of cat fur trailing in his wake.   Lovecraft writes up Nathaniel’s story and publishes it as a novella called “The Shadow Out of Time,” which is met with moderate acclaim. Soon after, he finds himself bereft of inspiration once again, and returns to the bar.   “Hey Lovecraft,” says the bartender, holding up an envelope. “I’ve got a letter for you. I think it’s from that crazy southerner with the ugly cat.”  “Excellent!” says Lovecraft, snatching the envelope from his fingers and tearing it open. He pulls out the letter and finds it written in a crabbed, frantic hand, as if by someone no longer sane.  “Dear friend,” begins the letter. “I promised to report my progress to you, but I’m afraid I must report the opposite. I had indeed made progress, yes! I had constructed a form of electronic brain, that could communicate an inhuman caricature of thought with other electronic brains over a system of copper wires. I had translated a selection of films and plays into a numerical language readable by these soulless automatons. And I built a device connected to a cathode ray tube and a loudspeaker, through which these translated and transmitted films and plays could be viewed. I was ready to throw the electrical breaker that would have brought the whole apparatus to humming life, but I made the grave mistake of feeling celebratory!  “It pains me to recount it. I went to market to acquire a bottle of whiskey, so that I may toast this new era in human achievement for which I had paid such personal cost. But when I returned home, I found that Hulu, that infernal beast, had destroyed and devoured every important element of my streaming prototype! Inspired by some devilish urge, he had even consumed my written notes! And now streaming shall never be, at least not in our lifetime, for every memory I have of its workings has long since fled my ill-used consciousness.  “My utmost apology for letting you down, and all of humanity. I should have known that disinterring Hulu from his odorous grave would have dire repercussions.  “Yours, Nathaniel.”  Lovecrafts gasps “dear God,” and lets the letter fall from his nerveless grasp.  “What is it?” asks the bartender. “What did he say?”  Lovecraft answers, “In his house at Raleigh, dead cat Hulu ate streaming.”
A bear walks into a bar and asks for a beer. Bartender: "I can't serve you"  Bear: "Why not?"  Bartender: "We don't serve animals?"  Bear: "I will ask again and if you say no I will eat the bitch at the end of the bar. Give me a beer."  Bartender: "No can do."  So the bear goes and eats the woman and comes back  Bear: "Now give me a beer."  Bartender: "I can't do that. We don't serve drug addicts."  Bear: "What are you talking about now?"  Bartender: "That was a bar bitch you ate"
A man walks into a bar and sees a sign advertising free beer for life The man asks the bartender about the sign and the bartender explains to him the rules.   Bartender: " 1st there is a 700 lb alligator in the back who has a  bad tooth.  You need to pull the tooth for him.  Next there is a 90 year old woman upstairs who has never had an orgasm. You need to give her one."  Man: "I will give it a shot but I need a beer first."   The bartender gives the man a drink and he proceeds to go to the alligator. The bartender hears a lot of screaming and violent sounds coming from the alligator and the man in the back. The man returns to the bar covered in blood and sweat.  Man: "Alright! Now that I've finished with the alligator where is the old woman who needs the tooth pulled?"  Edit: Corrected Spelling
A man walks into a bar with a piece of asphalt. The bartender asks, “What can I get for ya?”   The man says, “A beer for me, and another for the road.”
A Nazi, a Jihadi, and a liberal arts college student walk into a bar Oh wait, it's a BDS event
A man walks into a bar He takes two steps back and rubs his head. "Ouch!"
A blind man and a deaf man walk into a bar ... The blind man says, "Where are we?  The deaf man says, "What?"
A woman named Shi (she) walks into a Japanese Restaurant Shi is greeted by a waitress and seated at her table. Shi proceeds to order a California roll and awaits her order. The waitress returns with her dish, smiles and leaves to allow Shi to enjoy her food.      A few minutes pass after Shi has started eating and the waitress returns to check on her customer. The waitress says "How is everything tasting so far?" to which Shi responds angrily "Terrible! There is something in my food!". The waitress looks and notices a dead bug on the side of her plate and apologizes to Shi. Most of the food was already gone, but the waitress informed Shi that her meal will be comped. Shi snickers and gets up to walk to the bathroom.      The waitress decides to inform the manager of what is going on. The manager mentions that he noticed Shi walk in and that she was acting odd. The manager decides to review the tapes of the cameras in the restaurant to see if anything happened. They found that Shi actually pulled a bag of dead bugs out of her purse and dropped one on her plate before the waitress came over. The manager and waitress become infuriated because Shi is trying to take advantage of the restaurant.      What does the restaurant decide to do after discovering this issue?      They Sue Shi.
A man walks into a sculptors studio and says... "I would like a bust in my image so how much would that cost?"  The sculptor says " woah you only just walked in the door and you are already talking prices, let's back up a bit"  The man replied " I'm sorry I'm getting a head of myself"
A man walks into a bread store and asks the store owner if he has a thousand pieces of bread The owner looked at the man likes he’s crazy and said “sorry we don’t stock that much bread at once”  The man comes in the next day and asks  the owner “do you have a thousand pieces of bread”  The owner replies “I told you already, we don’t stock that much bread at once!”  The same thing happens the next day. At the end of the day the store owner decides to make a thousand pieces of bread in the hopes of making a huge profit!  The store owner spends all weekend working hard and makes a thousand pieces of bread.  On Monday, the man walks into the store again and asks the owner “do you have a thousand pieces of bread”  The owner smiles and replies “Yes, today we do indeed!”   The man shakes his head and says “it’s going to be a bitch selling all of them”   And walks away  
A duck, wearing a hard hat, walks into a bar... At 12 o'clock on the dot, a barman is surprised by the door of his pub being front-kicked open in an angry fashion...  In walks a duck, wearing a hi-vis vest, a hard hat and a scowl that says he's having a bad day.   Before the barman can say a word, the duck exclaims, "WANKERS!!!! CUNTS!!!! FUCKING BULLYING ARSEHOLES!!!!!"  He arrives at the bar and asks the barman for a pint, a bag of crisps, a cigar, and a pen for the crossword.  As the barman pulls his pint, he enquires about the bad day that the duck is apparently having. The duck explains that he has started work on the building site across the road that morning, and some of the labourers have christened him 'Bill'.   The duck then sits and drinks his pint, finishes the crossword, thanks the landlord, lights up his cigar and head back to work.   The next day at 12 o'clock, the front door nearly gets kicked off it's hinges.  In walks the duck. "WANKERS!!!! CUNTS!!!! FUCKING ARSEHOLES!!!!!"  He arrives at the bar and asks the barman for a pint, a bag of crisps, a cigar, and a pen for the crossword. The barman obliges him, the duck drinks his pint and visibly calms down. He thanks the landlord and leaves.   That afternoon an eccentric looking gentleman comes into the pub and asks whether he can display a poster in the window of the establishment advertising his circus.   Sensing an opportunity, the landlord offers the circus-master a pint.  The landlord opens, "how about if I was the agent of a walking, talking, pint drinking, front-kicking, smoking, crossword-capable duck? Would you be interested in having something like that in your circus?"   "Fuck me," said the circus master. "If this duck can do half of what you claim, I'll give you 15% of everything. This sounds to me like a show I can take on the road...Asia, America, Europe....a lot of people will pay good money for this....as his agent, I can guarantee you'll be a millionaire within 3 years, if you make the introduction."  They shake hands, and the circus master leaves. Both men spend the rest of the day dreaming of potential riches to come.   Next day, 12 o'clock on the dot, the front door nearly gets kicked off it's hinges.  In walks the duck. Before the barman can say a word, the duck exclaims, "WANKERS!!!! Ive had enough of this. I'm moving on. Fucking 'Bill'. Dickheads!"  He arrives at the bar and asks the barman for a pint, a bag of crisps, a cigar, and a pen for the crossword.  The barman points out that the duck has stolen two pens already that week, but still obliges him his request.   As the ducks pint settles, the landlord drops that he might have a business opportunity for the duck, and as the duck was so unhappy in his current job, it could work out well....  The duck is a little apprehensive, but presses the barman.   "Where's the job boss? Is it local?" asks the duck.   "Have you seen the circus in town?" asks the landlord, "the circus master has got some work to put your way. Could be lucrative."  "Yeah I've seen the circus. It's just a big tent - big top - whatever you call it. I don't understand?" says the duck.  "He's got some work for you," said the landlord. "Multi-million pound contract, you need to go and see him. No shit!"  "Nah, I'm not buying it," said the duck, "what the fuck does he want with a plasterer?"'
A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says "Wow in all my years I've never seen a weasel walk into my bar! What can I get you?"  "Pop" goes the weasel.
A neutron walks into a bar and inquires how much a drink costs. The bartender replies, "For you? No charge."
Two men walk into a pub First one gets ready to go to the bar, saying to the second "what are you having Donkey?"  Donkey says "I'll h-h-have a p-p-pint of G-G-Guinness"  The first man goes to the bar and says "two pints of Guinness please, one for me, one for my pal Donkey over there"  They drink up and then Donkey goes to get a round in.  "T-t-two p-p-pints of G-G-Guinness p-p-please"  As the barman pulls the pints he says "I think it's unfair the way he calls you donkey all the time"  Donkey says "It's fine, he-aw he-aw he always calls me that"  (All credit to the great Billy Connolly for this one)  
A guy walks into a doctors office and says 'You've gotta help me doc. I snore so loudly that I keep waking myself up, what can I do?'  'Oh that's easy' replies the doctor, 'just sleep in another room'   ... Courtesy of my 6 year old.
This bloke walks into the poshest restaurant in town and says, "Where's the god damn, mother fucking Manager you cock sucking arse wipe."  The waiter is naturally taken aback and replies, "Excuse me, sir, but could you please refrain from using that sort of language in here, I will get the manager as soon as I can."  The manager comes over and the bloke asks, "Are you the chicken fucking manager of this bastard joint?". "Yes, sir, I am," replies the manager, "and I would prefer it if you could refrain from speaking such profanities in this, a private restaurant".  "Fuck off!" replies the bloke. "And where's the fucking piano?"  "Pardon?" says the manager.  "Fucking deaf as well are we? You little piece of sniveling shit, show us your pissing piano."  "Ahhhh," replies the manager. "You've come about the pianist's job," and shows the bloke to the piano. "Can you play any blues?"  "Of course I fucking can," and the bloke proceeds to play the most inspiring and beautiful sounding honky tonk blues that the manager has ever heard.  "Why, that's superb, what's it called?"  "I want to fuck your missus on the sofa but the springs keep hurting my knob," replies the pianist.  The manager is highly upset by the bloke's language but offers him the job on condition that he doesn't introduce any of his songs or talk to any of the customers.  This arrangement works well for a couple of months until one night, sitting opposite him, is the most gorgeous blonde he has ever laid his eyes on. She's wearing an almost see through dress, her tits are almost falling out the top and the skimpy little 'G' string she's wearing is riding up the crack of her arse. She is sitting there with her legs slightly open, sucking suggestively on asparagus shoots and the butter is dripping down her chin! It's too much for the bloke and he runs off to the bogs to 'wrestle with his bald headed champ'. He's pulling away furiously when he hears the manager's voice...  "Where's that bloody pianist?"  He just has time to shoot his bolt and in a fluster he runs back to the piano, not having bothered to adjust himself properly, sits down and starts playing some more tunes. The blonde steps up and walks over to the piano, leans over and whispers in his ear:  "Do you know your knob and balls are hanging out your trousers and dripping spunk on your shoes?".  "Know it," the pianist replies, "I fucking wrote it!"
A man walks into a seedy dive bar in Washington DC. After letting his eyes adjust to the dimness of the bar, he notices President Trump and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan talking quietly at a corner table.    He orders a beer then walks up to the two and says, "Mr. President,  Mr. Ryan, I am a huge fan of yours!  What are you guys doing in a shithole like this?"  President Trump responds, "We were just discussing WW3."  "What about WW3?" The man asks.  "Well," President Trump says, "we are planning on killing two million muslims and a big-titted blonde."  "Why a big-titted blonde!?" The horrified man asks.  President Trump leans over and nudges Speaker Ryan with his elbow an exclaims, "see Paul, I told you they wouldn't give a shit about two million muslims!"   
A hot girl walks into a bar She asks the bartender for a double entendre. The bartender gives it to her.
A guy walks into a bar and orders 12 White Russians... The bartender looks up at him and says "Hi, Donald."
A guy walks into a bar one morning and orders seven shots of whiskey “What are you celebrating?” The bartender asks “ my first blowjob” the man replies “Well, that is a cause for celebration. How about a shot of the good stuff on the house?” “No thanks. If these seven doesn’t wash the taste away, nothing will”
A frog walks into a bank A frog walks into the bank and points at the nearest teller. "You! What's your name?"   "It's Patty," says the teller.   "Last name?"   "Whack. Can I help you?"   "Yeah," the frog says. "My dad is Keith Richards and you're gonna give me a loan. I need $3,000 before I leave today."   "For a loan that big we need some collateral. Do you have anything of value with you?"   The frog pulls out at little glass elephant and sets it down on the counter. "How's that for valuable?"   Patty says, "I need to talk to my boss about this," and takes the glass elephant back to see what the branch manager thinks of all this. "What is this, sir?" she asks in his office.   The branch manager says, "It's a knick knack, Patty Whack. Give the frog a loan. His old man's a Rolling Stone."
A noble gas walks into a bar The bartender says  “We don’t serve your kind here”  The noble gas has no reaction.
A giraffe walks into a bar. The bartender says “hey, what’s with the long face?”         The giraffe says “the doctor just told me I have AIDS.”
Two strings walk into a bar... ...the bartender says, "What'll it be?". The first string says, "I'll have a gin and tonic#MV*()&gt;SDk+!^ &amp;@P&amp;]JEA&amp;#65535;Segmentation Fault".  The second string says, "You'll have to excuse my friend, he's not null-terminated."
A panda walks into a restaurant... A panda walks into a restaurant, sits down and orders a sandwich. After he finishes eating the sandwich, the panda pulls out a gun, shoots a person, stands up and leaves. "Hey!" shouts the manager. "Where are you going? You just shot somebody and didn't pay for your sandwich!" The panda yells back at the manager: "Hey man, I'm a panda! Look it up!" The manager opens his dictionary. The definition for panda: "An Asian animal black and white colouring. Eats, shoots and leaves"
An infinite number of people walk into a bar... The first orders a beer. The second orders half a beer. The third orders a quarter beer. The fourth orders an eighth of a beer...  The bartender pulls out two beers and tells them to know their limits.
A girl walks into work crying And her boss asks what’s wrong and the blonde says “my mom died” so the boss asks if she wants to go home and the blonde says no she can still work. later that day the boss sees the blonde crying and asks “what’s wrong “ and the blonde says “I just called my sister and her mom died too”.
2 pieces of black pavement walk into a bar, order 2 beers and sit down at a table. 5 minutes later a green piece of pavement walks in, and as soon as it does the black pieces dive under the table to hide, trembling with fear.   The green pavement has a quick drink and leaves the bar.   The barman approaches the black pavement and asked what the problem is, stating "that green pavement is o.k, why are you so scared?"   1 piece of the black pavement responds, "Ok?? You think hes Ok?. Hes a fucking cyclepath!!"
A man walks into a bar and says to the bartender: "If I show you something you've never seen before, can I drink for free?" The bartender looks skeptical.  "Ive seen a lot of things bud, but sure, lets see what you got."  The man reaches into his coat pocket and pulls out a very small piano and sets it on the bar. Then he takes out a man, about a foot tall, wearing a very fancy tuxedo and sets him on the bar as well. Then this strange little man sits down and starts playing a very chipper tune.  Flabbergasted, the bartender starts fixing him up a drink and says. "Holy hell thats impressive, where did you even get something like that?"  "Oh, earlier this week i found a genie lamp in your dumpster out back and he granted me a wish. Its probably still out there." The man replied.  With that, the bartender sprinted out back and found the lamp. Excitedly he grabs and rubs it and as the man said, a genie came out of it.  "I am the mystical genie! I will grant you only one wish so make it count!"  "I wish for a million bucks!" The bartender shouted.  "Your wish... Has been granted!" The genie bellowed and disappeared back into the lamp. Just then, a million ducks flew overhead of the bartender, who watched in dismay.  The man from earlier was sipping his drink when the sulky bartender came back in.  "That genie was a crook. I wished for a million bucks and i got a million ducks instead." The bartender says with a frown.  "Hah, yeah. You think I wished for a 12 inch pianist?"
A man walks into a bar... ... and says to the bartender “I’ll take a whiskey coke please.”  The bartender says “no worries I have just the thing.” And sets an apple on the counter.  The man, baffled, asks “what the hell is this, I wanted a whiskey coke.”   The bartender says “take a bite.”  The man takes a bite of the apple “wow this tastes just like whiskey!”   Bartender “Turn it around.”  The man turns the apple around and takes another bite, he exclaims “wow this tastes just like coke! I’m gonna eat these all night!”  A little while later a 2nd man walks up to the bar and asks for a gin and tonic. The bartender says “no worries I have just the thing.” And sets an apple on the counter.  The 2nd man says “what is this? I don’t want an apple!”  The bartender tells him to take a bite. He does and then exclaims “wow this tastes just like gin!”  Bartender says “turn it around.”  The man turns it around and is amazed that it tastes like tonic water. “Wow I’m going to eat these all night!”  Finally, a while later a 3rd man walks into the bar visibly drunk. The bartender asks what he would like to drink. The 3rd man says “Man I don’t want a drink, all I really want is to eat some pussy.”   The bartender says “Oh don’t worry I have just the thing.” And sets an apple on the counter.  The 3rd man extremely confused says “what is this for?”   The bartender says “Take a bite.”   The 3rd man takes a big bite of the apple, makes a horrified face and yells “WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS! IT TASTES LIKE SHIT!!!”  The bartender, along with the two men at the bar say in unison “Turn it around.”
A piece of ham walks into a bar. “We don’t serve food here”, says the bartender.
A pun, a play on words and a limerick walk into a bar. No joke.
So 6ix9ine walks into a bar No he doesn’t. He walks behind bars.
A joke walks into a bar It’s a reddit mod. 
A man walks into a bar.... Ouch 
A musician walks into a bar and notices a coda seated at the end.  A musician walks into a bar.
A lion walks into a bar and announces "I'll give $100 to whoever is brave enough to hold their dick in my mouth for 30 seconds."  a drunk at the bar says "you'll just bite it off!"  the lion says "I promise I won't bite.  $100... going once... going twice..."  the drunk says "okay okay I'll do it" and proceeds to place his dick in the lion's mouth.  the lion immediately bites off the drunk's dick and laughs "haha you trusted me!   idiot!"  as the drunk fell to the ground in agony and despair, he managed to say "so where's that $100??"
Two blonds walk into a bar. I can't believed neither one saw it coming.
A nihilist, a socialist, and a neo marxist walk into a bar the bartender says to them, “We don’t serve people under 18 here”
A man walks into a Pharmacy and asks for cyanide Pharmacist : What do you need it for?          Man : I need to kill my wife.       Pharmacist : Sorry sir, I can't give you cyanide.      Man reaches into his pocket and pulls out a photo of his ugly wife.      Pharmacist blushes and replies : I am sorry sir , I didn't realize you have prescription. 
Guy walks into an ice cream shop And says give me some chocolate, some marshmallows, and some almonds. The elderly gentleman working the counter says “Careful son, you’re heading down a rocky road.”
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer The bartender says sorry, we don't serve food here.
A guy walks into a bar to get some work done. Guy says to the bartender “hey, can I get the WiFi password?”  Bartender says “you have to buy a drink first”. Guy grunts and says “fine, let me get a jack and coke”. Bartender comes over and gives the man his drink. Guys say “now can I have the WiFi password?”  Bartender nods and say “you have to buy a drink first, all lower case and no spaces”.
An Orphan walks into a Middle school filled with brats Suddenly everyone starts joking about being better than an orphan.  Suddenly, the Orphan turns back and say, “Hey at least I didn’t have people who could decide whether I should get a Polio vaccine on my behalf. ”
A man walks into a bar and sees Hitler sitting there talking to the bartender... Hitler what are you doing here, I thought you were dead! says the man  Hitler replies oh no no no that was all staged. I'm alive and well and with a new master plan. I'm killing all poor people AND a giraffe!  Puzzeled the man asked Ooookay, but what's with the giraffe?   Hitler turns to the bartender and says "You see what I'm telling you barkeep? No one gives a fuck about the poor.
A man walks into a bar... He sits down and asks the bartender, “do you have any helicopter flavored potato chips?”   The bartender replies, “no we only have plane ones.”
A crow walks into a bar and orders a drink.. The director of this film says "hi russel!"...
A man walks into my farm and pulls out his cock. "May I ask, how did you fit a fully grown rooster into your pants?"
A Man Walks into a Bar He walks up to the bar and stands there. "One shot of whiskey, my good man!"  "You're in a jolly mood today. What's the occasion?" Asks the bartender.  "Well, I just tried anal for the first time with my wife!" The patron exclaims.  "Hell, the first one is on me then, have a seat!"  "I wish I could!"
A lady walks into a park, and finds a man lying on a bench, with nothing but a cap over his crotch The lady says "If you were any sort of a gentleman, you would lift your cap". The man replies " If you were any sort of a hot lady, the cap would've lifted itself"
Three blondes walk into a building. You'd think one of them would have seen it can someone explain me like im two years old this joke?  edit: im not native speaker by the way in case the jokes very obvious.
An Irishman and a Texan walks into a pub...... A Texan walks into a pub in Ireland and clears his voice to the crowd of drinkers. He says, “I hear you Irish are a bunch of hard drinkers. I’ll give $500 American dollars to anybody in here who can drink 10 pints of Guinness back-to-back.” The room is quiet and no one takes up the Texan’s offer.  One man even leaves. Thirty minutes later the same gentleman who left shows back up and taps the Texan on the shoulder. “Is your bet still good?”, asks the Irishman.  The Texan says yes and asks the bartender to line up 10 pints of Guinness. Immediately the Irishman tears into all 10 of the pint glasses drinking them all back-to-back.  The other pub patrons cheer as the Texan sits in amazement.  The Texan gives the Irishman the $500 and says, “If ya don’t mind me askin’, where did you go for that 30 minutes you were gone?”.  The Irishman replies, “Oh…I had to go to the pub down the street to see if I could do it first”.
Two scientists walk into a bar And ask for water.  And the bartender gives them water.  Because regardless of scientific naming, both understand the most common naming and that referring to water as H20 is really only relevant language amongst their peers.
Three world famous conductors walk into a bar A fan comes up to them and asks them, “What’s your secret to being such a successful conductor?” Conductor 1: I just always remember to stay calm and do what I practiced Conductor 2: I always think about doing it for my family Conductor three stares at them with a confused look He says, “ I don’t know what you guys are doing, I’m usually busy making sure I’m not holding onto my electrons to tightly”
Banta Singh walks into a bar in London , orders 3 glasses of beer and sits in the backyard of the room, drinking a sip out of each one in turn.  When he finishes, he comes back to the bar counter and orders 3 more. The bartender asks him, "You know, beer goes flat after I fill it in the glass; it would taste better if you buy one at a time."  Banta Singh replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in Dubai , the other in Canada and I'm here in London . When they left home, we promised that we'll drink this way to remember the days when we drank together."  The bartender admits this is a nice custom and leaves it there.  Banta Singh became a regular in the bar and would always drink the same way. He'd order 3 Beers and drink them in turn.  One day, he came in and ordered only 2 Beers. All the other regulars notice and fall silent.  When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bar tender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my sincere condolences on your great loss."  Banta Singh looked confused for a moment, and then he laughs.... "Oh, no," He said, "Everyone's fine; both my brothers are alive. The only thing is...  I have quit drinking"!!!
A man walks into a bar with his pet alligator on a leash... (NSFW) As he walks in, all the patrons of the bar gasp.  The man then says, "Relax. He is very trained. Here; watch!" He plops his 5 foot long pet alligator on the bar counter and says, "Open!" The alligator's mouth opens wide, then the man unzips his pants and proceeds to stick his d*ck in it.  He holds this position for 5 minutes until he zips back up and tells the alligator, "Close." And it does.  The man then asks if there is anyone else in the bar who wants to try.  An old man from a corner of the bar shouts, "Boy, I'll sure try but I don't know if I can keep my mouth open that long!"
ZZ Top walks into a sperm bank They said "Gimme all your lovin; all your hugs and kisses too!"
A cop walks into a bar...    A cop walked into a bar with a hey sad look on his face.    "What's with the long-face, officer?" Asks the bartender.    "My wife slept with another man on our 20th anniversary. She meant everything to me and i cannot live without her. Please, take my gun and shoot me. I cannot do that myself as I will lose all respect I ever had."    "I'm sorry sir, I cannot do that. But if you feel so frustrated, instead of taking it out on yourself, kill the man that slept with your wife! If someone slept wih my eif, i'd kill em without thinking about it!"    The cop thought for a second and left. He comes back an hour later and walks back into the bar.    "Feel any better after killing the man?"     "No, friend. Cant say that, but I've slept with your wife! Now, here's the gun."    
A bull and a bear walk into a bar. What does the bull order? Hodl.
A priest, a traktor tire and a cheese grater walk into a bar. The bartender gives them the rest of his LSD, tells his boss he ain't feeling right and goes home.
A dude from Africa walks into a bar And asks for a lion’s share of beer
On a cold and snowy day Jim walks into work with a cast on his right arm... "Why, Jim! Are you ok? How did you break your arm?" asks Steve.  "Well Steve, I slipped on some ice and fell down my front porch. As for how I'm doing? It doesn't hurt that much, but its made things really difficult." says Jim.  "Really? How so?"  "First off, I can't drive my stick-shift to work, so I have to drive my wife's car. Second, I can't fit my gloves over this cast, so it feels like my fingers are going to fall off every time I go outside! And the absolute worst has to be the bathroom experience. You know what happens when you try to wipe yourself without your dominant arm?"  "I'm afraid to ask, Jim. What happens?"  Jim says "Well, that's when shit really gets out of hand..."
π walks into a bar. The bartender says, “We don’t serve numbers here.”  π says, “I thought I was the irrational one.”
A Stark, A Lannister and a Bolton walks into a bar. Bartender: "What's up Lady Sansa?"
An atheist vegan crossfitter who went to Harvard and doesn't own a TV walks into a bar He sits down at the bar, orders a beer, turns to the guy next to him...  ...and has no idea what to say.
Two chemists walk into a bar The Bartender asks what they want to drink  Chemist 1: I’ll have an H2O   Chemist 2: See this is why I fucking hate going out with you, you pretentious fuck. Just call it water. 
A man walks into an employment office A man walks into an employment office looking for a job. He speaks with a recruiter, provides his CV, details his experience in production environments and datacenters, and so on. The recruiter tells him he'll search everything and get back to him.  A couple days later, the recruiter calls the jobseeker and tells him to come in. The jobseeker comes in that afternoon and the recruiter tells him about the available jobs.  We have three jobs that you'd qualify for," the recruiter begins. "All of them have decent pay, and you can start immediately.  "The first job is a full stack developer, mostly focusing on UX/UI. You'll be able to work from home,. full benefits after 90 days... but it's with Facebook.  "The second job is a datacenter administrator position, you'll have your own office, full benefits after 60 days, and eight weeks of vacation per year... but it's a server farm, and all the machines run Gentoo Linux." The jobseeker shifts in his seat as the recruiter sighs.   "The third one is," the recruiter continues. "...well, no other way to say it, it's gay porn. I know, it's almost inappropriate, but you did say you were up for just about anything, so I included it. No benefits, of course, but the pay is good. Thing is, it's gay porn."  The jobseeker says he'll consider the offers, then goes home and thinks about it overnight. The next day, he puts on his best polo shirt and khakis, then goes into the recruiter's office.  "You're back!" the recruiter says. "So have you made a decision?"  "Yes I have," the jobseeker says. "and I want my porn name to be Johnny Striker."
A man walks into a library. A man walks into a library and walks up to the librarian behind her desk and says, “I’ll take some fries and a Coke.”   She says, “Sir, this is a library.”  He looks at her a little embarrassed and whispers, “I’ll take some fries and a Coke.”  
A man walks into a bar ... with a pig under his arm. The bartender looks at the pig, notices a wooden leg and asks 'Why has this pig got a wooden leg ?' The man replies 'Ah that's a tale.  We had a fire in our house last week. This pig came upstairs and woke up our entire family. We all escaped the blaze thanks to this pig'.  The bartender was impressed. ' Did the pig lose a leg in the fire?' 'Oh no' said the man 'An animal this valuable ? You don't eat them all at once'
A German walks into a bar . "A Martini please"   The bartender replied "Dry"   The German responded "Nein, just ze one please! "
A tall man walks into a bar, with a tiny man standing on his shoulder. ... and orders a beer. As soon as he sits down at the counter the tiny man hops off his shoulder and starts walking around. It is just a bit taller than a pint of beer, and dressed in a sports jersey. It walks over to the guy right to him, chugs his beer in one go, bumps his fist into the guys shoulder and whispers with a very hoarse throat: "M'lady!".  He repeats this with every single patron at the bar, and does the exact same thing, again silently coughing "M'lady!".  The first guy jumps off his chair and throws up his fists. "What the hell? Hey, you! Your gnome drank my beer and called me a woman! You better get me two new ones before I beat you up!"  The tall man sighs, and turns around: "Okay listen. I'm sorry, but I don't have enough money to buy you any more beer, but I can tell you a secret that is worth more than that. You see, if you go outside to the river and follow it downstream for ten minutes, you will reach a well. If you throw down exactly 1.67$ and clap your hands two times, an old gnome of the well will appear and grant you a wish!"  The guy is skeptical, but also very drunk, so he gives it a shot. He reaches the well and does as he has been told and won't you believe it a very old, shriveled gnome appears. "You offered me the perfect change and clapped the perfect claps. I shall grant you one wish!"  "I wan't three trillion quid in cash, bundled!" says the guy excitedly.  "So be it." says the gnome and claps his tiny shriveled hands, then disappears.  A flash of light - and all of a sudden there are three people standing besides him, black hair, light brown skin, wool caps on their heads. They frantically scratch red patches on their skin, while talking to him as if their mouths were partly paralyzed.  Completely furious he rushes back to the bar, grabs the tall man by the collar and yells in his face:  "Are you kidding me? This gnome was completely deaf! I wanted '*three trillion quid in cash, bundled*', and all I got was '*three Chileans with a rash, mumbling'*!"  "And do you think I actually asked for *a twelve inch jock to wheeze 'M'lady'*?"
An alien walks into a bar An alien walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a bottle of beer and a bag of nuts.  The bartender looks at the alien and says; “Na we’ve had trouble with your kind before, get out”  The alien doesn’t know what the bartender is talking about but leaves anyway and finds another bar.  The alien walks into the second bar and asks the bartender for a bottle of beer and a bag of nuts.  The bartender looks at the alien and says; “Na we’ve had trouble with your kind before, get out”   The alien is astounded by the rudeness of the earthlings but leaves anyway.  The now fed up alien walks into the third bar and asks the bartender for a bottle of beer and a bag of nuts.  The bartender looks at the alien up and down and says;  “Hmm you are one of them aliens aren’t you, I’ve heard you guys are trouble... I won’t serve you!”  The alien pleads with the bartender, he promises to sit in the corner of the room himself, not talk to anyone and only drink his bottle of beer and eat his nuts then leave at the end of the night. Moreover, he says he will buy everyone that comes into the bar there drinks all night.   The bartender has a think and finally says to the alien after some contemplation;  “Okay but no trouble or you are out! And you can’t talk to anyone”  The alien agrees and sits in the corner with his beer and nuts.  The bar starts to pick up since word spreads about the free drink and before you know it all the bottles and caskets are empty and everyone leaves.  The bartender approaches the alien who has just been sitting in the corner all night and says to him;  “I’m really sorry I doubted you, you’ve been really good all night! I don’t know why everyone said you aliens were so much trouble”  The alien replies;  “Don’t worry about it how much do I owe you?”  The bartender does some quick maths and says to the alien that he owes him $6789.50.   The alien says to the bartender;  “Wow that’s really not that bad! I thought it would have been much worse! Have you got change of a Zonk?”
The past, the present, and the future walk into a bar... *It was tense*
A guy walks into a proctologist’s office with a piece of lettuce poking out of his ass. The doc says “What do we have here?” The guy replies “That’s just the tip of the iceberg.”
You know when you walk into a room and forget why you went in there? That’s God playing Sims, he just cancelled your action
A weasel walks into a bar The Bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get you?"  "Pop," goes the weasel.
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says “hey”  The horse replies “yes, that’ll do fine thanks”
A vampire walks into a vampure bar with his face covered in blood His friends start going crazy, asking where he got that much blood from.  Knowing they will not let up, thinking his life was at stake, he leads them through valley, into a forest.  "You see that oak tree over there?" he says.  "Yep" reply the others.  "Well I fucking didn't!"
A dyslexic man walks into a bra. But they didn't serve milk
A man walks into a bar He has jumper cables around his neck. The bartender tells him, “you can stay, but don’t try and start anything.”
A father walks into a restaurant with his young son. [long]  He gives the young boy three nickels to play with to keep him occupied. Suddenly, the boy starts choking, going blue in the face. The father realizes the boy has swallowed the coins and starts slapping him on the back. The boy coughs up two of the nickels but keeps choking. Looking at his son, the father is panicking, shouting for help.  A well dressed, attractive, and serious looking woman, in a blue business suit is sitting at a nearby table reading on her laptop and sipping a cup of coffee. At the sound of the commotion, she looks up, puts her coffee cup down, gets up from her seat and makes her way, unhurried, across the restaurant. Reaching the boy, the woman carefully drops his pants; takes hold of the boy’s’ testicles and starts to squeeze and twist, gently at first and then ever so firmly. After a few seconds the boy convulses violently and coughs up the last nickel, which the woman deftly catches in her free hand.  Releasing the boy’s testicles, the woman hands the nickel to the father and walks back to her seat at the coffee bar without saying a word.  As soon as he is sure that his son has suffered no ill effects, the father rushes over to the woman and starts thanking her saying, “I’ve never seen anybody do anything like that before, it was fantastic. Are you a doctor?”  “No,” the woman replied. “I work for the IRS.”
A frog walks into a bank looking for a loan... The frog goes up to the teller and says ‘hey, could I get a loan please?’ The teller, Ms. Patricia Wack, looks at the frog and decides he doesn’t look to reliable. ‘Sure,’ says ms. Wack, ‘but you will need to provide collateral, what can you offer to ensure we are making a safe investment?’ The frog searches around in his coat and pulls out a statue of a duck, ‘I have this I suppose’ says the frog. So the teller looks at the object, and looks at the frog, and says ‘I’m not sure what that is, I will have to ask my manager.’ So she goes and asks her manager what the object is and the manager says ‘it’s a knick-knack, Patty Wack, give the frog a loan!’ 
Two bars walk into a guy My bad, i’m dyslexic. 
A man walks into a bar... The local female workers association, eager to prevent this from happening again, raises the bar a little higher.
A panda walks into a restaurant... A panda walks into a restaurant. He orders some food,then shoots the waiter dead. Then he gets up to leave. The manager said: "Hey! What are you doing?! You shot my waiter!" The panda said: "What did you expect? I'm a PANDA. Look me up!" The manager looks up the definition. "The panda: and animal of black and white coloring that eats, shoots,and leaves."
A man walks into a library... A man walks into a library and says to the librarian, "do you have that book for men with small penises?"  The librarian looks on her computer and says, "I don't know if it's in yet."   "Yeah that's the one" 
An attractive woman walks into a chemist. She asks the chemist if they sold extra large condoms.  The chemist replied that they did and asked her if she wanted a pack.  She said "no thanks but do you mind if I wait here until somebody does?"
A fisherman walks into /r/jokes where he finds a bartender. The bartender offers him a drink.  The fisherman says he does not have money to pay, so instead he offers a trade-- if he can get the bartender to laugh at his joke, then the bartender should provide a drink for free. The bartender, a smug, old pirate of a man accepts. After all, he is a moderator of /r/jokes, so he has become very accustomed to not laughing.  The fisherman begins his tale. "Years ago, I set out on a whaling expedition, when a fellow sailor told me about the mystical golden fishing rod." "Let me stop you right there" says the bartender. I can see where this is going. Golden rod. This is a sex joke. I've heard it before." "No. It's not a sex joke" says the fisherman. The bartender, fascinated, realizes that this may actually be OC.  The fisherman continues his tale. "There once was a mystical golden fishing rod that was said to be so powerful that anyone using it could catch any fish." "Wait a minute" says the bartender. "I think you're in the wrong place. This sounds like the tale of Darth Plagueis. You want /r/prequelmemes down the street". "No. It's not a prequel meme" says the fisherman.  The fisherman continues his tale. "One day, a little boy found the rod and used it to catch a lion fish. Neptune, god of the sea appeared. He was furious because the lion fish was his best friend. In retaliation, Neptune broke the rod into pieces, separating the rod and the reel. The little boy said 'Now I am sad'. "Oh, come on!" said the bartender. "Hey, Sad. I'm neptune! You want /r/dadjokes. Don't waste my time". "No. It's not a dadjoke" says the fisherman.  The fisherman continues his tale. "The boy took the pieces home, but they never worked again. Eventually, the rod was sold at a flea market, and the reel became the subject of many jokes." The fisherman then asks "So, what did you think?" The bartender, confused, looks up. "What? That's it?" The fisherman nods. The bartender, now, is very confused. It's OC, sure, but it doesn't make any sense.  He scratches his head and asks a question "What do you mean about the reel becoming the subject of many jokes?" The fisherman says "I can't answer that here". The bartender asks "Why not?"  The fisherman replies "The reel joke is always in the comments"
A man and his wife walks into an Asian restaurant The man and his wife sit down at a table and end up talking to the  friendly waitress for a good five minutes, as the waitress is leaving, the man says to her,  It was rice to meet you!
An idiot walks into a bar and says "Give me a drink"... The bartender says no we do not serve celebrities and you are trump and stupid. Haha
A panda walks into a bar. He sits down at a table and orders a sandwich. When the waiter brings him his check he pulls out a gun, shoots him and starts walking towards the door. The bartender shouts over to him "hey, what'd you do that for?" The panda says "I'm a panda buddy, look it up!" The bartender quickly looks up the definition and sees:  Panda- Bear from Central and Western China forests with black and white markings. Eats shoots and leaves.
A Native American walks into a restaurant... He approaches the host and asks for a table.   Host, "Sir, you need to make prior arrangements to get a table here."  The Native American replies, " I've got reservations."  Host, "Hey, don't blame me for what the government did to you!"  Native American, "No, I'm just afraid of making commitments!"   Edit: changed a word 
A man walks into a bar... and walks up to the bartender. He says to him "I bet you $20 that I can take my left eye out of its socket, slosh it around my mouth, and then put it back in." The bartender replies, "No way that's a fake eye, you've got a bet." So, the man takes his eye out, sloshes it around, and puts it back in. The disgruntled bartender holds his end of the bet and gives the man his money. The man says, "You know what, I feel bad. I tell ya what, double or nothing I can do it with my right eye too." The bartender replies, "Deal! You walked right up to me, there's no way your blind!" But to the bartender's surprise, the man pops out his right eye, sloshes it around, and puts it back in. The bartender, more disgruntled than ever, gives the man his money. The man orders a drink, and goes to interact with the rest of the customers. After a while, the man comes back, and offers the bartender another bet. "I'll bet you double or nothing that I can piss over the bar and into that cup over there without spilling a drop!" The bartender agrees, since he knew the man had no eyes. Just like the bartender predicted, the man began pissing on EVERYTHING. All over the bar, himself, the patrons, and the bartender himself. The bartender couldn't help but laugh his ass off. The man gives him the money with a smile, which surprised the bartender. "Why are you so happy? I just took all your cash!" "Simple, I just bet that guy over there $1,000 that I could piss all over you and your bar and make you smile."
A man walks into his favorite hairdresser Man: "Hey, I saw the sign was down. Are you guys closing shop or something?"  Hairdresser: "No, we're just changing the name. People keep making jokes on social media and in school, making a dirty play on words."  Man: "Yeah, I always thought Big Clips was a little suggestive too. I can see why you would want to change it. So what are you gonna call it now?"  Hairdesser: "Just ordered the sign. Gonna be called Big Cuts from now on."      (proud to say this joke is actually 100% original and i'm high)
A pilot walks into a bar.. The bartender says "before you tell me, I'm going to guess you're a pilot."  The pilot is amazed. "How do you know?"  The bartender replies "you're wearing your uniform, and you were in here last week telling everyone that you're a pilot."   The pilot replies. "At least I'm not a vegan." 
A man walks into a bar And he yells in pain.
A termite walks into a bar And asks:"Is the Bar tender here"
Duck walks into a bar... And sees a sign saying "Fiesta beers $5".  The duck asks the bartender "What's a Fiesta Beer?"  The Bartender replies "Every fiesta beer comes with a piece of 'Bad Hombre' costume of your choosing. A Sombrero, Poncho, Mustache, Bondilere, or Cap guns."  The duck says "Sounds like fun, I'll take a Fiesta beer with the mustache. Oh and put it on my bill."
A fat guy who recently lost a lot weight walks into a room His friend says: "let's discuss the elephant in the room. Oh wait, never mind."
A man walks into a bar with a roll of tarmac under his arm. He looks at the bartender and says, "A pint for me, and one for the road."
A man walks into a bar He looks quite down. He sits down and orders a drink, drinks it, orders another, then another and goes on to drink till the bar closes. The bartender asks him to pay and leave but the man asks for a last drink. While serving him, the bartender asks him what has happened and the man replies, "I lost my wallet"
A bear walks into a bar. He says to the bartender, "I'll have a............beer." The bartender responds, "what's with the big pause?" The bear holds up his arms and says, "always had 'em."
A gay illiterate biologist walks into a salon He's in the middle of his pedicure when the woman asks him  "Are you enjoying yourself?"  The man replies  "No but mitosis."    im sorry
A horse walks into a bar The bartender says "why the long face?"   The horse says "did you not just see me walk into a fucking bar? It hurts!"
A guy walks into a bar... Long He sits down and the guy next to him asks "Want to see something really cool?" "as long as it isn't your dick, sure." The guy pulls an oil lamp from his coat and says"It's a genie lamp, and I will give it to you for a beer." "Sure it is buddy." Just as he turns to order the other man pulls out a tiny piano,and then a tiny bench, and finally a rather small person. The tiny man straitens his clothes, dusts off the bench, and starts to play. "So what are you drinking?" They make the transaction, and the moment he gets the lamp he rubs it, and WOOSH, a genie appears. "WHAT IS YOUR WISH?" " I Want a million bucks." All of a sudden a duck appears at the end of the bar. And then another, and another. He turns back to the man he got the lamp from and asks "What the hell is this?" "What... you think I wished for a twelve in pianist?"
A toothless termite walks into a bar and asks... "is the bar tender here?"
Three vampires walk into a bar. The bartender looks at them suspiciously, but decides to serve them anyway. "What’ll be, boys?"  The first vampire says, "Blood. Give me blood."  The second vampire says, "I too wish for blood!"  The third vampire says, "Give me plasma."  The Bartender smiles and says, "Got it. Two bloods and one blood-light." 
A guy walks into a bar Ouch
An old Indian walks into a bank and asks for a $5000 loan. Clerk: What are you going to do with the money?  Indian: I'm going to go into the city and sell my handmade jewelry.  Clerk: Do you have collateral?  Indian: What's collateral?  Clerk: Collateral is something of value that can cover the amount of the loan. For example, do you have a car?  Indian: Yes, I have a 1949 Ford truck  Clerk: That won't do. Do you have livestock?  Indian: Yes, I have a horse  Clerk: How old is it?  Indian: I don't know, it doesn't have teeth.  After some negotiations, the Indian and the clerk settle on collateral. The clerk does all the paperwork and gives the Indian $5000.  A few weeks later, the Indian returns to the bank, walks up to the same clerk, takes out a huge wad of bills and returns the loan.  Clerk: I see your jewelry sold well. What are you going to do with the rest of the money?  Indian: I will keep it in my teepee.  Clerk: No need to do that. You can make a deposit in our bank.  Indian: What's a deposit?  Clerk: A deposit is when you give money to the bank, the bank cares for it, and when it's time, you can come back to the bank and take your money.  Indian (after thinking for a moment): And what does the bank have as collateral?
A guy walks into a bar... He sits down and the guy next to him tells him il'l bet you 100 dollars I can shoot 3 bottles with 1 bullet, the other guy says you're on, so he does and breaks all 3 with 1 bullet, the other guy asks him " what's your name" "Bill... pecos bill" so the other guy tells him " ill bet you 200 that I can get those 3 women pregnant with one shag"  " ok you're on" so he does and they are all pregnant "What's your name?" "Bill... Chernobyl"
A duck walks into a bar... A duck walks into a bar, looks at the bartender and asks "Got any duck food?" Bartender says "What? No we don't have any duck food. We don't serve ducks here. Go away." The duck, sad, leave.  Duck comes back the next day and asks "Got any duck food?" Bartender says "I already told you we don't serve ducks here. Go away." Hanging his head in sadness, duck leaves again.  Duck comes back for the third day and asks again. "Got any duck food?" Bartender, annoyed, says "Look, I've told you twice that we don't serve ducks here. If you come back again, I'll nail your bill to the bar." Duck, shocked, hurries out of the bar.  The next day, the duck pops his head in the door and asks "Got any nails?" Bartender, originally annoyed, now looks confused and says, "What? No. Why?" The duck walks in and proudly asks "Got any duck food?"  The bartender then takes out his gun and shoots the duck. "Now I've got duck food."
A man walks into a convenience store and he asks the clerk, “do you have any helicopter flavored chips?” The clerk responds, “no, we just have plain.”
James bond walks into a bar.. A very confident James Bond walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman.  He gives her a quick glance then casually looks at his watch for a moment.  The woman notices this and asks, “Is your date running late?”  “No,” he replies, “Q has just given me this state-of-the-art watch. I was just testing it.”  The intrigued woman says, “A state-of-the-art watch? What’s so special about it?”  Bond explains, “It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically.”  The lady says, “What’s it telling you now?”  “Well, it says you’re not wearing any knickers.”  The woman giggles and replies, “Well it must be broken because I am wearing knickers!”  Bond smirks, taps his watch and says, “Bloody thing’s an hour fast.”
A man walks into a bar and sees a friend at a table, clearly depressed and drinking by himself. Approaching the friend he comments, "You look terrible. What's the problem?" "My mother died in August," his friend replied, "and left me $25,000. Then in September my father died, leaving me $90,000." "Losing both parents in two months. No wonder you're depressed." "And last month my aunt died, and left me $15,000." His friend continued. "Three close family members lost in three months? How sad." "Then this month," concluded, the friend, "absolutely nothing!"   
Horse walks into a bar, orders a drink, bartender says, "Why the long face?" Horse answers, "Because my alcoholism is destroying my family".
A Jamaican walks into a bank with a 25kg bag of marijuana and hands it over to the cashier A Jamaican walks into a bank with a 25kg bag of marijuana and hands it over to the cashier… Shocked, the cashier asks..’What’s this for?’ The Rastafarian replies..’Me here to open a joint account’
A man walks into a bra... "Oh", he says.
Helen Keller walks into a bar... and then a chair. and a table. 
A Roman walks into a bar, Holds up two fingers, and says "five beers please." 
A straight guy walks into a bar and a couple steps in, he realizes it's a gay bar. "But what the heck," he says, "I really want a drink."  When the transvestite waiter approaches, he says to the customer, "What's the name of your penis?" The customer says, "Look, I'm not into any of that. All I want is a drink." The gay waiter says, "I'm sorry but I can't serve you until you tell me the name of your penis. Mine for instance is called 'Nike,' for the slogan, 'Just Do It.' That guy down at the end of the bar calls his 'Snickers,' because 'It really Satisfies." The customer looks dumbfounded so the bartender tells him he will give him a second to think it over. The customer asks the man sitting to his left, who is sipping on a beer, "Hey bud, what's the name of your penis?" The man looks back and says with a smile, "TIMEX." The thirsty customer asks, "Why Timex?" The fella proudly replies, "Cause it takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin!" A little shaken, the customer turns to the fella on his right, who is sipping a fruity Margarita and says, "So, what do you call your penis?" The man turns to him and proudly exclaims, "FORD, because 'Quality is Job 1.' " Then he adds, "Have you driven a Ford, lately?" Even more shaken, the customer has to think for a moment before he comes up with a name for his penis. Finally, he turns to the bartender and exclaims, "The name of my penis is 'Secret.' Now give me my beer." The bartender begins to pour the customer a beer, but with a puzzled look asks, "Why secret?" The customer says, "Because it's STRONG ENOUGH FOR A MAN, BUT MADE FOR A WOMAN!"  
Helium walks into a bar and orders a beer the bartender says, Sorry we don't serve noble gases here. "He doesn't react
Bacon and eggs walk into a bar Bacon and eggs walks into a bar and they order some beers. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve breakfast here."  A beer walks into a breakfast place and orders bacon and eggs. The server says, "Sorry we don't serve alcoholic drinks here"  A bartender runs into bacon and eggs and orders a bar. The breakfast says, "Sorry we're done with this stupid joke formula."
A panda bear with a gun walks into a pub and orders some food. He eats, shoots and leaves
A BEAR WALKS INTO A BAR... A bear walks into a bar and says to the bartender, "I'll have a pint of beer and a.......... packet of peanuts." The bartender asks, "Why the big pause?"
A salesman walk into a bar at happy hour... He orders a drink and notices a group of guys gathered around a chimpanzee at the other end of the bar.  To his dismay, they are taking turns hitting the chimp in the face.  The chimp falls off the bar stool then run to the guy who hits him, undoes his fly and gives him a blow job.   The bartender notice the guy watching and asks if he would like to try it. The salesman responds, "No, I don't think so."  A few hours go by, the salesman has had more than a few drinks.  The bartender asked him again, "You sure you don't want to give it a try?"  The salesman responds, "Well OK..., but don't hit me as hard as the monkey."
A guy walks into a bubblegum store He says  "I came here to chew bubblegum and kick ass, and I'm all out of ass"
An Asian &amp; A Black Man walk into a bar And suddenly I had an idea on how to make Rush Hour 4. 
Infinitely many mathematicians walk into a bar. The first says, “I’ll have a beer.” The second says, “I’ll have half a beer.” The third says, “I’ll have a quarter of a beer.” Before anyone else can speak, the barman fills up exactly two glasses of beer and serves them. “Come on, now,” he says to the group, “You guys have got to learn your limit."
A snake walks into a bar. The bartender says "How the fuck did you do that?"
So, A man walks into bar with a cat in a pringles tube and an emu... The bartender asks where he got an emu.    "I was down in india, doing a bit of vacationing, when I found an oil lamp lying by the side of the road. Naturally, I rubbed it, and a genie popped out! That's how I got these here animals."    "You wished for a cat and an emu?" the bartender asked, astonished.    "Fuck No!" the man replies. " I wished for what any man would wish for; A tall bird with long legs and a tight pussy."    
A man walks into a bar and orders a beer... After a few minutes, he says to the bartender, " Hey, if I show you the most amazing thing you've ever seen, will you give me another beer on the house?"   "We'll see," said the bartender. "I've had a lot of nuts come in here, and I've seen some pretty amazing things in my day."  So the man pulls a hamster and a tiny piano out of his briefcase and puts them on the bar. Then the hamster begins to play Chopin.  "Not bad," said the bartender, "But I'll need to see more."  "Okay, hold on," says the man as he pulls a frog from his briefcase. Suddenly, the frog starts singing "My Way".  A patron nearby jumps up from his table and says, "That's amazing! I'll give you a thousand dollars right now for that frog."   "Sold!" says the man, who exchanges the frog for the cash.  The bartender then says to the man, "You know, it's none of my business, but I think you just gave away a real fortune in that frog."  "Not really," says the man, "the hamster is also a ventriloquist."
Shaniqua walks into the welfare office. With 15 kids.   The government guy asks" What's their names?"  "Well,"  she replies, "dis here one's Leroy, dat one's Leroy, Dey all name Leroy."   "That must be hard!"  When one of 'em goes in da street, I says, "Leroy - get out da street!"  When dey gotta do dey work. I says, "Leroy - do yo work! "   "What happens when you need to call only one of them? "  Oh lordy! I yoos dey las naym!  
A Drywaller walks into a Bar.. A drywaller walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Get Out!" Drywaller asks, "Why?" Bartender says, "because the last time you were here you got Plastered!"
A man walks into a juice bar... ...and walks straight out again.  He couldn't find the punch line.
A man walks into a bar The man goes up to the bartender and says "Can I have a cup of joe?" The bartender replies "sorry sir, we don't serve coffee here, this is a bar" The man replies "no, I meant I want a cup of Joe..." The man points to his friend who works at the bar The two other customers who are drinking spit out their drinks and say "this isn't a gay bar!" 
A man walks into a zoo But he finds no animals, except a dog. He finds a zookeeper and asks him, "what's so special about this dog that you guys got rid of the other animals?"  The zookeeper replies, "Nothing, it's just a shitzu."
A woman walks into a grocery store... She picks up 1 loaf of bread, 1 carton of eggs, 1/2 gallon of milk, and a copy of Us Weekly she proceeds the cashier.  He says "Oh, you must be single". "Yes" She said shyly "How could you tell?" " Because you're fucking ugly" he says  
The past, present and future walk into a bar. It was tense.
Three whales walk into a bar... Bartender says whale whale whale!
Two blondes walk into a building You'd figure one of them would have seen it .
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table and a chair.
Two hillbillies walk into a restaurant... Two hillbillies walk into a restaurant. While having a bite to eat, they talk about their moonshine operation. Suddenly, a woman at a nearby table, who is eating a sandwich, begins to cough.  After a minute or so, it becomes apparent that she is in real distress. One of the hillbillies looks at her and says, Kin ya swallar?'  The woman shakes her head no. Then he asks, 'Kin ya breathe?' The woman begins to turn blue, and shakes her head no.  The hillbilly walks over to the woman, lifts up her dress, yanks down her drawers, and quickly gives her right butt cheek a lick with his tongue. The woman is so shocked that she has a violent spasm, and the obstruction flies out of her mouth.As she begins to breathe again, the Hillbilly walks slowly back to his table. His partner says, 'Ya know, I'd heerd of that there 'Hind Lick Maneuver' but I never seed nobody done it.
Guy walks into a bar... Guy walks into a bar and promptly orders 12 shots of the best whiskey. As the bartender lines up the shot glasses and fills them, the man hurriedly begins downing each. With only a few shots left, the bartender asks, "Why are you drinking down all these in a row buddy?" He answered, "You would be too if you had what I had." "What do you have," asked the bartender as the patron downed the last shot. "Seventy-five cents," replied the man.
A Russian spy walks into a bar The bartender says, "What can I get you, Mr. President?"
A kid walks into a brothel with a dead frog tied to a string dragging behind him... He goes up to the Madame and asks for a whore.  The Madame says: "I can't give you one of my girls, you're just a kid!"  Kid slaps a crisp $100 on the desk and says: "I just want to look at them. How about now?"  Madame: "Ok, I guess that's all right." Lines 'em up.  Kid looks 'em up and down. "Alright, I want one."  Madame: "Oh no, that's not happening, I told you before..."  Kid takes out five $100 bills. "How about now?"  Madame: "Well, I guess so kid. Which one?"  Kid: "I want the one with herpes."  Madame: "Kid, this is a clean establishment. We don't..."  Kid whips out ten more hundreds.  Madame: "Hey, Kandi! You got a customer!"  Kids goes in the back with Kandi, dead frog still dragging behind him, and comes back out 5 minutes later.  Madame: "Look, kid, I gotta ask... you have all this money, you want a dirty whore, and you got this frog... what's the deal?"  Kid: "Well, when I get home, me and the babysitter are gonna, you know. Then when my parents get home, my dad's gonna drive the babysitter home, and they're gonna do it. Then when my dad gets home, he and my mom are gonna do it. Then, after my dad goes to work in the morning, my mom and the mailman are gonna do it. And the mailman killed my frog."  (I heard this joke from my one cool teacher in middle school. I understood it, and thought it was funny, but I didn't really realize how fucked up it is until just now.)
A woman walks into a library and asked if they had any books about paranoia Librarian: "They're right behind you!!"
So a string walks into a bar...... So a string walks into a bar, sits down at the bar and asks the bartender for a whiskey. The bartender proceeds to get the whiskey but stops before actually pouring the whiskey. He looks up with a confused faced and says "Wait, are you a string?" The string replies "Yes sir" the bartender then says that he will not serve strings in his bar and that there is even a sign stating NO STRINGS ALLOWED. The string gets up willingly and leaves.  Hours past and the string goes back into the bar, sits down and asks the bartender to pour him some whiskey. The bartender confused, says "Dude, you came in here earlier, and we still don't serve strings! Get out!" Once again the string gets up, and leaves.  After the string exits he goes into an ally way in the back and tangles himself, throws himself around and turns into the most tangled string ever. He then goes back into the bar, but sits down at a table in the corner. When the confused bar tender comes over he attempts to order a whiskey. The bartender responds in, "Sure, but are you a string? If so we don't serve strings."  The string says "Fraid knot"
3 Little Persons walk into a bar As they were drinking they started thumbing through an old copy of Guinness Book of World Records when they got to talking.  One of the gentleman said " ya know, even for little people, we are pretty damn small.  I bet we all have the smallest something."   Convinced of this, they go down to the Guinness office and the first guy says "I think I have the smallest brain of all little people", so he goes in and comes out all depressed.  The second guy says "well i think I have the smallest hands of all little people", so he goes in and he too comes out all depressed.  The last guy says "Ok, I got this, it's embarrassing but, I know I have the smallest dick of all the little people, women included", so he goes in and he also comes out all depressed.  The three men defeated returned to the bar, and slumped in their seats. They looked at each other and all said in unison, "Who the fuck is Donald Trump?!"
A guy walks into a bar. The guy next to him says, "What's up, buddy?"  He says, "My wife just left me."  "My, my. What are the chances," says the guy. "My wife just left me too."  Then a third guy looks over at them from the other side of the bar and says, "Did I just hear that right? Your wife just left you? My wife just left me too."  Word got around and it turned out that every guy in the bar had just broken up with his wife.  The guy turns to the barman and says, "What are you doing here?"  The barman says, "My wife won't leave me."
A man walks into the bar At the entrance, he notice a huge, nordic bouncer. Probably twice as tall as him. Inside the bar, he notice a beautiful girl. So he introduce himself and ask her name, she replied that her name is Sky. The man annoyed about the fact that she might be another wannabe hipster out there but it doesn't change the fact that he's attracted to her. So he seduce the woman into having sex and she agreed. So they went to a male bathroom as it was empty. Kissing and touching themselves out there, both of the strips down and start making out. Both of them were eroticaly enjoying themselves when the bouncer went inside and found an open stall, finding them both nude and sweating. The man were shaking about what will happen to them while Sky is still bending, exposing both of her "delicate". So the bouncer went near Sky and starts licking her ass. So the man went "freeze" for a moment while Sky exlaims a louder moan than before. So the man, while getting confused while disgruntled, use all of his strength and yelled 'What do you think you're doing?' so the nordic bouncer face him and said "Sky's rim belong to the nords."
A measle walks into a bar bartender says "shots for everyone"
The beach boys walk into a bar Round? Round?  Get a round? I get a round!
A Horse walks into a bar A horse walks into a bar and says to the barman "5 whiskeys please!" before downing the whole lot.  The barman looks at the horse and says "That's quite a stomach you've got, are you an alcoholic?"  The horse says "I don't think I am". Suddenly the horse poofs out of existence.  See the joke is a reference to Descartes the philosopher who coined the phrase "I think. Therefore I am." However explaining this prior to the joke would be putting Descartes before the horse.
Guy walks into a bar and there's a new drinking game... The bartender hung a piece of meat on the ceiling and said, "If you can jump up and touch the meat, I'll buy you a drink. If you don't touch it, you have a buy a round for everyone in the bar."  The guy looks up at the piece of meat for a minute and back at the bartender. He says to the bartender, "I don't know, the stakes are kind of high."
A donkey walks into a bar.... A donkey walks into a bar. "Where's the horse?" asks the barman. "Recession," says the donkey.
A Neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink When the neutron gets his drink, he asks, "Bartender, how much do I owe you?"  The bartender replies, "For you, neutron, no charge."
A rabbi, a priest, and a minister walk into a bar. The bartender says "What is this, a joke?"
20 men walk into a bar Worst game of limbo I've ever seen.
An Englishman, Irishman, and Scot walk into a bar They all get a pint and amazingly, at the exact same moment, 3 flies appear, each one landing in one of the pints.  The Englishman curls his lip and pushes the pint away, asking for another.  The Irishman picks out the fly and drinks the beer.  The Scot grabs the fly by the wings and shakes it, howling: "Spit it out ye wee thieving bastard!"
Two chemists walk into a bar The first says "I'll have H2O" The second says "I'll have H2O too" The first chemist drinks his water, the second also drinks water because why would a bar serve poisonous chemicals?
A man walks into a bar, at night He walks in and is seated next to the most beautiful woman he's ever seen in his life. All he can think about is how he has to marry her. He strikes a conversation with her and they hit it off. They leave the bar and as they're walking out she gives him her number, her name was Lela.  They had fallen in love, they tried to see each other almost every day; to the point where they decided to buy a house together. They moved in to a beautiful house, three bedrooms and two bathrooms, right along the coastline shore.  One night the man took Lela out to dinner one night, on a steamboat cruise through the night. It was there that he finally proposed to her, and they got married a month later at a church hill. Nine months later they had their first child, and decided to name him Luigi. Luigi was their everything, they just knew that as long as they kept him on the right track everything would turn out for the better.  Though unfortunately only two months after, Luigi was stabbed by an american psycho. The police apprehended the murderer, and later told the couple that they've been hunting this man for 15 years, and that his nickname was the "Baby Stabber". Though that didn't help that their only son, Luigi, had died.  The man was sad, but knew that his wife was only feeling worse. She loved Luigi, and just wanted to see a great future with him in their lives. So the man decided to take a break from his job as a robotic engineer and make the unthinkable. He built a robotic version of their dead son, Luigi. It took him three months, but he developed a robotic baby, that would be able to grow up to the age of five, after that he'd have to develop a new body for their child. The robot had the exact brain of their deceased baby, Luigi. Though something bothered the man that possibly it wasn't finished, though he knew his wife wasn't feeling emotionally stable and needed a fix now.  So he rushed home and presented the robotic baby Lela. As a result she was horrified, she screamed saying "that can't replace what's already gone! It's not right!" They walked out of the room, and the husband calmed her down. He told her, "that it's not the original, but we both still wanna see a future with our son don't we?" She decided that they would keep the robot child and see how it would turn out.  Though the robotic baby didn't take kindly to the woman's little burst, in fact it felt angered. The robotic baby quickly went into a terminator state, it's arms became shotguns(which looked kinda weird on a tiny robot baby btw). It began to hover in the air, and it shot Lela without any signs of remorse. She collapsed and fell to the floor bleeding out to death. It stared at the man and yelled in an ominous deep voice, "WHY DID YOU CREATE ME? I'M A MONSTER!"  It shot the man once in the leg, crippling him. The man replied, "I created you because we loved you and couldn't miss a day without you!"  The baby was confused, "Love?" *The baby pointed it's shotgun at the man* "What is love?"  "Baby don't hurt me, no more."
A man walks into a bar He goes up to a man sitting at the bar.  He says, ''I just fucked your mother and I did it in your bed and I fucked her doggie style and I even made her give me a blowjob. What do you think about that?''   The other guy says, ''Shut up Dad, you're drunk again."
White swan walks into a pub.... Landlord says, "you know what? I'm going to name my pub after you."     Swan says, "name it what? Eric!?" 
Pele walks into a bar and sees a beautiful lady sitting at the other end of the table. He goes up to her, "Hello there. You're very beautiful. Fancy coming back to my place?"  The lady replies, "My, you're a little forward."
A girl walks into a bar looking for sex... [NSFW] "I'll have sex with anyone in this bar for a dollar!" she yells. She picks the best looking of the bunch with dollars in their hands, takes him to a closet, puts the dollar in her pocket, and they have sex.  She walks out of the bar and down the street when she comes across a farmer, down on his luck. "Ma'am," he stammers. "I need money really bad, can you give me something for my duck?"  "Sure, I have a dollar," she replied. "Oh, thank you so much ma'am!" cried the farmer. "I need money bad. Here's your new duck."  She walks to the bus stop and gets on the bus to go home with the duck under her arm. When the bus reaches her stop she gets off and proceeds to walk to her apartment, when she comes across a man who owns a pet store.  "Wow," the guy says. "That's one heck of a duck you have there. Would you take fifteen dollars for it?"  "Sure!" she says. He hands her the money and as she hands him the duck, it jumps away from him, runs into the road, and gets run over by a dump truck.  She continues walking and reaches her apartment. Her roommate asks, "So what did you do today?"  She says, "Well, I got a buck for a fuck, a duck for a buck, and fifteen bucks for a fucked up duck."  EDIT: mixed up the words (dicks-lexia).
Infinity walks into a bar ...  This may take a while
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender says "it's probably not a good idea that you're in here, you're a very large animal, any sudden movements and you may injure somebody. I don't know why you're here. None of the glasses are ergonomically designed for you to drink from them. So... you should probably leave.
A plus sign, a multiplication sign , and a minus sign walk into a bar.  The bartender serves the multiplication sign first, then he serves the plus sign, and the minus sign from left to right and a bunch of people from Facebook don't know why.
A monocle walks into a bar... The monocle goes up to the bartender and asks for a drink.  After one too many drinks, the monocle gets up and goes to the bathroom to let it all out.  Afterwards, the monocle stumbles his way out of the bathroom.   The monocle runs into another monocle on their way out, getting all tangled up and falling to the floor.   The bartender furiously yells: "Stop making a spectacle of yourselves!"
A woman walks into the kitchen to find her husband with his dick deep in the peanutbutter jar. She screams: ARE YOU FUCKING NUTS?!
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender says, "why the long face?" The horse screams, "I will end you!" And bites the bartender in the throat. A priest, a nun, and a rabbi who were just approaching the entrance quietly turn and walk away as the horse shakes the bartender vigorously back and forth screaming, "why the floppy head?! Why the floppy head?!"
Helvetica and times new roman walk into a bar helvetica and times new roman walk into a bar,"Get out of here!" shouts the bartender. "We don't serve your type."
A huge guy walks into a bar and approaches a little guy. The huge guy karate chops the little guy on the back and says "That was a karate chop from Japan."  A little while later the same huge guy chops the little guy on the back again and says "that was a karate chop from China."  The little guy leaves the bar for a little while and when he comes back he whacks the huge guy on the back knocking him to the ground.  "Tell him that was a crowbar from Sears."
A Python developer walks into a foobar... not not 'Who's there?' True
A man walks into Greggs A man walks into Greggs and asks for a "Steak and Kidley Pie".  "Don't you mean 'Steak and Kidney?'" replied the woman behind the counter.  "I said Kidley Didl I?"  EDIT: I hear there's not enough original jokes here, so I thought I'd try this 'old' one and see if anyone enjoys it :-)
What is it called when an epileptic police officer walks into a house with a warrant? Search and seizure!!! 
So a guy walks into a bar and sees three steaks taped to the ceiling.... He then asks the bartender “why are there three steaks taped to the ceiling?” The bartender says “well you get one shot, if you jump up and touch one of the steaks then you get free drinks for the rest of the day, however if you miss, you must buy everyone else’s drinks for the next hour.” The guy ponders for a minute and then says, “I would do it, but the stakes are too high.”
A polar bear walks into a bar A polar bear walks into a bar. Bartender says "what can I get you?" Bear replies " I'd like a gin......... And tonic" Batender asks "Why the big pause?" The polar bear looks at his hands, turning them back and forth "I don't know, my dad had 'em too."
A blind guy walks into a bar with his seeing eye dog. . . The bartender begins to greet him,  but is shocked to see the man grab the dog by the tail, and swing it around his head.  "What the fuck are you *doing?!*" the barman cries. The blind man shrugs.  "Just having a look around."
An acid and a base walk into a bar The police later arrested the two for a salt. 
Past, present, and future walk into a bar. After that, things got a little tense.
Three men walk into a coffee shop to order chocolate... The first orders a cinnamon flavored hot chocolate takes a sip and smiles "this is delicious" he exclaims excitedly. The second orders a regular hot milk chocolate and sips at it happily and look of satisfaction comes over his face. The third man nervously looks at the board and orders the first thing he sees "I'll have the white hot chocolate please" the cashier takes his money and comes back a moment later and the man takes a sip and dies.
[OC] A panda walks into a restaurant. The panda eats his food and while he is picking his teeth clean with a toothpick his waiter approaches.  "Excuse me sir, would you like to have the bill?" Stone faced the panda draws a gun and points it at the waiter who immediately puts his hands in the air with a terrified look on his face. "Woah woah woah, relax man there is no need for the gun." Another waiter approaches also in shock. "Jesus man, please don't do anything stupid. We have some money in the back, you are free to take it all just put that gun away. Please just ..  "BANG!"  The first waiter stands in shock, he can hardly believe what has just happened. He reaches for the right side of his chest where the entry wound is starting to bleed profusely. The second waiter rushes to catch him as he collapses to the ground. "Andy!"  The waiter, we now know to be named Andy finds that his hands have started shaking. One minute ago he was going about his day as usual but now suddenly he realizes these might be his final moments. His mind wanders to his girlfriend who is at home probably watching TV or looking at Facebook. His 5 year old son who has probably just gone to bed. Lying there thinking of all the things 5 year old's think of. What if he never makes it back to them. Andy turn his head to the other waiter.  "Steve, you have to do something for me."  "Of course Andy, anything you want what is it?" "My son, Danny. He's been talking about that he wants to go to Disney world since I can remember. I was going to take him, but I thought I had more time. Can you take him for me? To Disney world?" "Andy of course I would but you are going to be OK, you are going to take him there yourself".  Andy is looking back at Steve but his eyes start to wander and his pupils start to dilate. He's not moving anymore. He is dead, there is nothing that can be done now.  The Panda has lowered his gun and looks upon as Andy takes his last breaths. Steve looks up at the Panda, tears in his eyes and with a shaky voice he asks: "Why?"  The Panda stands wide eyed and hesitates for a moment but then gathers his thoughts to speak. "Well, ugh. A dictionary, you should look at a dictionary." A tear rolls down Steve's cheek as he gives the Panda a sad bewildered frown. "What the hell are you talking about? There is no dictionary here, why would I go look at a dictionary?"  The Panda looks around at the people who had been eating dinner but now they stare at him with frightened looks. He looks at the two waiters on the floor. One of them dead, the other holding his dead friend with a sorrowful look.  "Well i'm a panda and in the dictionary it says about pandas: eats shoots and leaves." The panda hesitates as he feels all eye's are on him but nobody is laughing.  "Ugh, never mind. This sounded a lot funnier in my head as I was driving over here."
A lady walks into a pet store The parrot in the shop squawks- "Slut!!" Lady gets furious and rages to the owner about the foul mouthed parrot.  Owner punishes the parrot for the misbehaviour by dipping it's head in water several times. He asks "Are you going to repeat it again?"  Parrot: Never!!  Next day the lady is passing by, so the owner approaches the lady and says that the parrot has learned it's lesson and is a good parrot now. Lady decides to test it. Lady: If I come home with a guy, what would you think? Parrot: He might be your husband  Lady: If I come home with 2 guys, what would you think? Parrot: They might be your husband and Brother.  Lady: If I come home with 3 guys, what would you think? Parrot: They might be your husband, brother and brother in law.  Lady: If I come home with 4 guys, what would you think? Parrot looks at the lady and then turns to the owner and says "Can you get the water please!!"
A skeleton walks into a bar He orders a drink and a mop.
A harp seal walks into a bar Takes a seat at the bar. The bartender asks "what would you like?" The harp seal replies, "anything but a Canadian club."
Schrodinger's cat walks into a bar . . . and doesn't.
The Dalai Lama walks into a pizza place and says... 'Make me one with everything...'
A gymnast walks into a bar... She gets deducted five points
x squared and x cubed walk into a party Everyone's having a great time, when they see e to the power of x crying in the corner.   "What's up?" they ask him   e to the power of x looks up at them and says "I just can't integrate!"
A man walks into a bar... And asks the bartender for a Gin and Tonic. The bartender reaches down, pulls out an apple, and lays it on the counter. Here try that he says. The man takes a bite out of the apple...WOW, it taste like gin he says. Turn it over said the bartender. The man turns it over and takes a bite, OMG it taste like tonic!!  Suprised, a woman walks up and asks for a whiskey and coke. The bartender reaches down, pulls out an apple, and lays it on the counter. Here try that he says. The woman takes a bite out of the apple...WOW, it taste like whiskey. Turn it over said the bartender. The woman turns it over and takes a bite, OMG it taste like coke!!  Shocked a midget walks up to the bar and says, I want one that taste like pussy!!! The bartender reaches down, grabs an apple, and puts it on the counter. The midget quickly snatches it up and takes a bite...PLEW!!! The midget spits the apple out and yells, THIS APPLE TASTE LIKE SHIT!!! The bartender replies...Turn it over.
A couple walks into a bar. The man asks, "Do we know you ?"  'No', says the barman. "Then would you give my wife an orgasm ?" Wife looks at husband incredulously. Man turns to her and says, "What? , it's not like you came here before."
Back in my day, you could walk into a convenience store with a nickel and get three licorice sticks and some soda. Now?  CCTVs everywhere.
A chemist walks into a bar... "Au!", he says
A woman walks into a bank in New York City and says she's going to Europe for 2 weeks, and needs to borrow $5,000. The bank clerk says they'll need some kind of collateral, and she hands them the keys to a brand-new Rolls-Royce parked in front of the bank.  The bank's president and others enjoy a good laugh at the woman for using a $250,000 Rolls-Royce as collateral for a $5,000 loan. A bank employee then drives the Rolls into the bank's underground garage.  Two weeks later, the woman returns, repays the $5,000 and the interest, which is $25.41. The loan officer says "Miss, we are happy to have your business, but we’re a little puzzled. We checked you out, and you're a multi-millionaire. Why would you bother to borrow $5,000?"  The woman replies, "Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $25.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
So a horse walks into a bar and has a heart attack... He gets rushed to the hospital and a friend comes to visit.  "is he okay?" The friend asks.  The doctor replies "He's in a stable condition." 
A guy walks into a bar... ...he sits down by the bar and orders a beer. He looks around and sees a big bowl full of money. In the corner of the bar stands a medical screen. He finds all that very unusual so he asks the bartender what's it all about.       The bartender replies "You see that screen over there? Behind the screen is a very serious horse. If you put a 20 in the jar and make the horse laugh, then the money is yours."       The guy thanks the bartender, finishes the beer, puts the 20 in the jar and goes behind the screen. After not even 30sec there's a deafening neighing laughter coming from behind the screen. The guy comes out, empties the jar in his bag, and leaves the bar.        2 weeks later same guy walks into the same bar, from behind the screen he can still hear laughter. He looks at the bar and again sees the jar full of money. So he sits down, orders a beer, and asks the bartender what's up.      The bartender replies "Well, since you've left last time the horse wouldn't stop laughing. So now we decided that whoever makes him stop takes the money. Of course the usual 20 entry."      The guy acknowledged the explanation, finished his beer and went behind the screen. After maybe a minute, a huge wailing neigh raptures the entire establishment. It is agonising.       The guy comes out, empties the jar and turns for the door.       "Hey, hold on!" shouts the bartender. "First of all, how did you make him laugh?" asks the bartender. "Simple" answers the guy, "I told him my dick is bigger than his."       "Fair enough", says the bartender, "But how the hell did you make him cry?" The guy looks the bartender in the eyes "I showed him!"
Ed Sheeran walks into a doctor’s office wearing a top hat.  He takes off the hat and he’s got a big toad stuck to his head.    The doctor says, “Well, I can see why you wore the hat…”   The toad says, “I know, right?”    
A Gorilla walks into a bar A gorilla goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini. He then walks back over to the give it to the gorilla, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a gorilla walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.  So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the gorilla notices anything."  So he walks back over to the gorilla and hands him a dollar change. The gorilla doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.  "You know," he says to the gorilla, "we don't get too many gorillas in here."  And the gorilla says, "At nineteen dollars a drink I'm not surprised."  
A Mathematician, a Biologist, and an Engineer walk into a bar. Nobody there cares about their professions, and they just order drinks.
A man walks into a bar. Upon entering the bar turns out to be completely empty, save for a blind man playing the piano in a corner. The man sits down on a stool and calls for the bartender, who comes from a backroom and gives him a beer. After paying for the beer the bartender exits through the same door, leaving the man and the blind piano player by themselves. The man takes a sip, and immediately upon putting down his drink a monkey runs down the stairs, jumps on his table and starts washing his balls in his beer. Completely flabbergasted the man gawks at the monkey, and after about 20 seconds the monkey takes off again. The man looks around but he is still alone with the blind piano player and no one else has seen what happened. Finally deciding his brain must be playing tricks on him he takes another sip, and the whole ordeal happens again. This time he knows for sure it actually happened and he goes over to the piano player. "Hey, do you know that monkey that washed his balls in my beer?" "No," he replies, "but if you whistle it I'll probably be able to play it."
A man walks into a pub and asks the bartender to tell him a story about penises The bartender says 'Sorry, mate, we don't do cock tales here'
A gay, a black and an Indian walk into a bar. And ask "When did people stop posting original content in the r/Jokes section of Reddit?"
A group of nazi's walk into a BAR just the title ;)
Guy walks into his bedroom with a goat under his arm... He says, "This is the pig I fuck when you're not around.  His wife says, "You dumb asshole, that's a goat, not a pig."  He shoots back, "Who the hell did you think I was talking to?"
an atheist, a crossfitter, and a gay guy walk into a bar... I only know this cause they told everyone in the bar within 10 minutes. 
An atheist, a vegan, and a crossfitter walk into a bar I know because they told me.
A guy walks into a bar owned by Eminem... He says,"Give me 2 shots..."  The bartender cuts him off and says,"You only get 1 shot."
Two lesbians walk into a bar... One of them orders vodka, and the other one asks why. She says she likes a hard liquor.   
Two condoms walk into a gay bar One says "hey, let's go get shitfaced" 
A pirate walks into a bar with a wheel on his croch.....   i asked him "why do you have a wheel on your croch?"  he replies "arghhhh its driving me nuts!"  
Shrek walks into a bar A very confident Shrek walks into a bar and takes a seat next to a very attractive woman.  He gives her a quick glance then casually looks at his watch for a moment.  The woman notices this and asks, “Is your date running late?”  “No,” he replies, “Donkey has just given me this state-of-the-art watch. I was just testing it.”  The intrigued woman says, “A state-of-the-art watch? What’s so special about it?”  Shrek explains, “It uses alpha waves to talk to me telepathically.”  The lady says, “What’s it telling you now?”  “Well, it says you’re not wearing any panties.”  The woman giggles and replies, “Well it must be broken because I am wearing panties!”  Shrek smirks, taps his watch and says, “Damn thing’s an hour fast.”
Helen Keller walks into a bar And then a table, and then a stool.
Man walks into work holding a canoe Man walks into work holding a canoe.  Co worker: "Nice canoe - what brand is it?"  Man: "I just bought it - it's brand canoe."
My friend told me this joke, here is how he said it: "I walk into a bar... I don't remember much else."
A Redneck and his friend walk into a bar The friend sits down next to the Redneck. After a little bit of small talk, the friend points to his sister and says, "See that girl over there? She's my little sister. "  The redneck the asks, "Who's she with?"  "Her boyfriend," the man replies.  "Seems like a nice guy," he says. "Hey, you wanna see my sister?" he says, pointing towards another woman sitting across the bar.  "Is she with her boyfriend?" The Friend asked.  "Of course."  "Her boyfriend doesn't seem to be sitting with her," the Friend said, perplexed.  The Redneck, unhappy with his friend, rolled his eyes and replied with, "Of course not. Do you think I could be in two places at once?"
A sandwich walks into a bar... The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve food here."
2 MySQL walks into NoSQL bar they had to leave , because they could not find a table.
One of those guy walks into a bar jokes... Guy walks into a bar and as he's walking towards the bartender he notices a large jar full of money on the end of the bar.  After ordering a drink he asks the bartender, "Hey what's with that jar of money?"  The bartender says, "You put $100 in the jar and then if you can compete 3 challenges, you get the entire jar.  See that huge bouncer over there?  Your first challenge is to knock him out in one punch.  Next, we've got the meanest pit bull you've ever seen in the back.  He has an abscessed tooth and you have to pull it out with your bare hands.  Finally, there's an 80 year old woman that lives upstairs and she hasn't had sex since she was 21 when her husband died.  You have to go up there and get her off."  The man quickly downs his drink then drops $100 in the jar.  He walks over to the bouncer and taps him on the shoulder.  As the bouncer turns around, the man punches him as hard as he can in the face, and the bouncer goes down.  Then man walks back over to the bar with a smug look on his face and sits back down.  The bartender looks shocked.  He orders another drink and downs it.  As he looks back at the door leading to the back room of the bar he can here some snarling and clawing coming from behind it.  He has a quick few more drinks and then heads into the back.  From the bar, the bartender starts to hear barking and howling.  Then he hears what he thinks is the man screaming.  Something keeps banging against the door.  About 15 minutes later the man comes out of the back room.  His shirt is torn to shreds and he has some blood on his face.  He staggers back to the bar and sits down to catch his breath.  Then he asks the bartender for another drink.  The bartender says, "How'd it go?"  The man says, "I think I got it.  Now where's that woman with the abscessed tooth?"
A rabbi and a priest walk into a bar and say to the bartender: Did you hear the one about us?
A rich vampire and a poor vampire walks into a bar that serves blood. The bartender first approached the rich vampire to take his order.  "Good evening sir. Can I take your order?"  "Ah yes. Bring me a fresh blood of a virgin, and type AB negative please." he replied.  "Okay sir. Just a moment and I'll serve your drink."  The bartender then went to the poor vampire to take his order as well.  "Good evening sir. Can I take your order?"  The poor vampire thought for a minute, then said, "Um, can you just give me a cup of hot water please."  The bartender was intrigued."Of course sir. But why hot water only?"  "Well as you can see, I managed to find a bloody tampon while rummaging the dumpster, so I'll just make myself a cup of tea."
A man walks into a bar... And sees a man about a foot tall playing the paino. "Damn!" He exclaims. "How is this possible?" He asked the bartender. The bartender explains that there's a genie in the back of the bar. Excited, the man heads to the back of the bar and wishes "for 1 million bucks." Suddenly 1 million ducks fly out of the bar. "This genie is hard of hearing! I asked for a million bucks, not a million ducks!" The bartender stares at the man and says, "Do you really think I wished for a 12 inch pianist..?"
A scrawny little man walks into a bar wearing thick glasses and a polyester suit. The bartender is the strongest man around and there is a long-standing $1000 bet among the patrons.  The bartender will squeeze a lemon until all the juice runs into a glass, and hand the lemon to a patron. Anyone who can squeeze one more drop of juice out wins the money. Many people have  tried over time but nobody can do it.  ‘I’d like to try the bet,’ the little man says in a tiny, squeaky voice. After the laughter has died down, the bartender grabs a lemon and squeezes away. He hands the wrinkled remains of the rind to the little man. But the crowd’s laughter turns to total silence as the man clenches his fist around the lemon and six drops fall into the glass.  As the crowd cheers, the bartender pays  the $1000 and asks the little man what he does for a living. Is he a lumberjack,  or a weightlifter, or what?  ‘I work for the tax office.’ said him.
So a guy walks into a bar A guy walks into a bar and notices a lil short dude, approximately a foot in height, playing the piano.  He ignores it and orders his beer. And another. And then yet another. After a few beers he notices the wee man playing again, and decides to ask the bartender, "Where in the world did you happen to find a foot tall dude to play the piano?"  Frustrated, the bartender says, "Psshh.. I just threw it out in the trash out back, but I rubbed a lamp and got a Genie's wish."  The man didn't believe him, but then again he hadn't ever seen a foot tall person before. He chugged another beer and went out back to find this magical lamp.  Aha! He found it! So he rubs it and the Genie appears saying, "I'm not your average Genie.. I'll grant you ONE wish, so make it good!"   After a bit of pondering, the man says "I want a million bucks!" Suddenly, a million ducks are flying everywhere, shitting all over the place.  Pissed off, the man storms into the bar and says "what kinda sick joke is this!?"  To which the bartender replies, "Listen pal... you think I'd wish for a 12 inch pianist?"
Guy walks into a bar Guy walks into a bar and orders a fruit punch.   Bartender says "Pal, if you want a punch you'll have to stand in line" Guy looks around, but there is no punch line.   
A guy walks into a bar with his monkey. A guy walks into a bar with his monkey.  While at the bar, the monkey won't stop jumping from here and there, messing with the fridge, with the tables, until a moment that he ate a pool ball.  The bartender said to the monkey's owner: did you see what your monkey did? He ate a pool ball.  The guy said: I'm sorry, the monkey is a troublemaker. I'll pay for it, don't worry.  So, he pays the bill and the ball and goes away.  Another day, he comes back with his monkey again. The monkey, as done before, started jumping through the whole bar until a moment that he stopped near an olive plate. He picked one olive, shove it at his ass, took it back and ate it.  The bartender said: hey, did you see what your monkey did? He put an olive in the ass then ate it.  The guy said: well, after that pool ball, he learned to measure everything before eating. 
A man walks into a bar run by horses. The bar horse says: Why the short face
A motorway and a bike lane walk into a pub After a few drinks a couple of the other patrons start picking on the bike lane. Highway steps in and warns them 'You don't want to mess with him and get him angry, he's a cycle path.'
Two psychics walk into a bar... You'd think at least one of them would have seen it coming
Two gay judges walk into a bar They tried each other
A horse walks into a bar The horse looks around and notices 27 other horses in the bar.  Bartender says "You must be from r/Jokes..."
So a blind man walks into a bar... The bar was made of metal and he hit his head, fell over, and got a concussion 
A joke walks into the bar He starts aggressively drinking until he starts puking all over the bar.      After the he finally leaves, the bar tending looks around at all the mess and mumbles,      "Man, that was a pretty sick joke."
A horse walks into a bar. He says to the barmen, “Can I have a pint of beer please?”  The barman replies “Look mate, we don’t serve horses.”  The horse leaves.  The next day the horse walks in and says to the Barman “Can I have a pint of beer please mate?”  The barmen replies “Look mate I’ve told you! We don’t serve horses!”  The horse leaves.  The following day the horse walks in again and says to the Barman “Can I have a pint of beer please mate”  The Barman replies “Look, I’ve told you, we do not serve horses, if you come in again, I’m going to nail your fucking hooves to the bar!”  The horse leaves.  The horse returns to the bar again, walks in and says to the Barman “Hi mate, I’m doing some work on my house, do you have any nails I could borrow?”  The Barman replies “Sorry, no I don’t”  The horse replies “Okay good, Can I have a pint of beer then please?” 
Three Stooges walk into a bar... ...  You could hear a loud *thunk*.
A psychic walks into a bar... Then gets charged with fraud.
A man walks into a bar Ouch
A Man Walks into an Opticians And orders fish and chips.
A legless man walks into a bar He walks up to the bar and greets the bartender.  I bet you're wondering how I'll make a high-quality, funny explanation for a legless man walking up to a bar. You might also be wondering how he can see over the bar to greet the bartender in the first place. You might also be wondering if everyone at the bar is hallucinating, and the entire encounter is in their heads.  To answer all three questions, when you're in /r/jokes, the bar's not high.
A guy walks into a bar and slips on a huge pile of dog shit. He gets up and goes to the bartender to tell him about the mess. Meanwhile another guy walks into the bar and slips on the same pile of shit.  &amp;#x200B;  The first guy walks over and points at the mess and says "I JUST did that"...he woke up a few seconds later with a black eye.
A woman walks into a bar... ...and asks the bartender for a double entendre.  So he gave it to her.
A horse walks into a bar and says, “On a right-angled triangle with sides X, Y and Z, if X and Z are perpendicular, which side is opposite the right angle?” The bartender says, “Y, long face.”
A duck walks into a bar... DUCK:  Got any bread? Barman:  No DUCK: Got any bread? Barman:  No DUCK:  Got any bread? Barman:  No DUCK:  Got any bread? DUCK:  Got any b....  Barman:     Ask one more time and I'll nail your beak to the bar. ...... DUCK:  Got any Nails? Barman:  No. DUCK:  Got any bread? 
A Russian spy, a Klansman, and televangelist walk into a bar. Bartender says, "Sorry. Republican Convention is next door."
A texan walks into an Irish bar and clears his voice to the crowd of drinkers. He says, "I hear you Irish are a bunch of hard drinkers. I'll give $500 American dollars to anybody in here who can drink 10 pints of Guinness back-to-back."  The room is quiet and no one takes up the Texan's offer. One man even leaves. Ten minutes later the same gentleman who left shows back up and taps the Texan on the shoulder. "Is your bet still good?", asks the Irishman.  The Texan says yes and asks the bartender to line up 10 pints of Guinness. Immediately the Irishman tears into all 10 of the pint glasses drinking them all back-to-back. The other pub patrons cheer as the Texan sits in amazement.  The Texan gives the Irishman the $500 and says, "If ya don't mind me askin', where did you go for that 10 minutes you were gone?"  The Irishman replies, "Oh...I had to go to the pub down the street to see if I could do it first".
A dota2 player and a LoL player walk into a pub... The Dota2 player says "Dota2 is an objectively better game." The LoL player can't deny. 
H.P. Lovecraft walks into a bar... and the rest of the joke is too funny even to describe, dear reader.
A man walks into a bar and orders three beers. The bartender brings him the three beers, and the man proceeds to alternately sip one, then the other, then the third, until they're gone.  He then orders three more and the bartender says, "Sir, I know you like them cold, so you can start with one, and I'll bring you a fresh one as soon as you're low."  The man says, "You don't understand. I have two brothers, one in Australia and one in the Ireland. We made a vow to each other that every Saturday night, we'd still drink together. So right now, my brothers have three beers, too, and we're drinking together."  The bartender thinks it's a wonderful tradition, and every week he sets up the guy's three beers. Then one week, the man comes in and orders only two. He drinks them and then orders two more. The bartender says sadly, "Knowing your tradition, I'd just like to just say that I'm sorry you've lost a brother."  The man replies, "Oh, my brothers are fine -- I just quit drinking."
A blind man walks into a bar... then a chair, then a table.
A termite walks into a bar He asks: " is the bar tender here?"
A gorilla walks into a bar A gorilla goes into a bar and orders a martini. This totally amazes the bartender, but he thinks, "What the heck, I guess I might as well make the drink." So he mixes the martini.  He then walks back over to the give it to the gorilla, and the animal is holding out a twenty-dollar bill. Well, now the bartender is just at a loss for words. He can't believe that a gorilla walked into his bar, ordered a martini, and then actually had a twenty-dollar bill to pay for it.   So, in amazement, he takes the twenty and walks to the cash register to make the change. While he's standing in front of the cash register he stops for a second and thinks to himself, "Let me try something here and see if the gorilla notices anything."   So he walks back over to the gorilla and hands him a dollar change. The gorilla doesn't say anything, he just sits there sipping the martini. After a few minutes the bartender just can't take it anymore.   "You know," he says to the gorilla, "we don't get too many gorillas in here."   And the gorilla says, "At nineteen dollars a drink I'm not surprised."
A man walks into a bar ...And stays there my whole childhood
A man walks into a bar. He's lost his job, his wife left him, and his car was just stolen. He makes his way to the counter and orders a beer to drown himself in, sitting down next to a joke.  The joke turns and says to him, baffled: "This isn't how it's supposed to go."  The man replies "*You're* telling *me*?"
A guy walks into a bar..... A guy walks into a bar carrying a canvas bag. He says to the bartender "I'm gonna show you something so fabulous that you'll want to buy me drinks all night." With that, he jumps up on the bar, pulls his zipper down and starts gyrating with his dick swinging around. Everyone in the bar gasps as he reaches into his canvas bag, takes out a six-inch snapping turtle and lets it snap right onto his dick. Now he's swinging his dick around with the snapping turtle attached. After a minute, he pokes the snapping turtle in the eye and it falls off. He turns to the bartender and says "Do I get my free drinks?" The bartender says "You sure do." He puts his dick back in his pants and says to everyone in the bar "I'll buy you drinks for the whole night if you have the balls to do what I just did." In the back of the bar a hand goes up and in a meek voice, a guy says "I'll do it but you don't have to poke me in the eye."
Chinese Guy Walks Into A Bar and sits behind the counter The bartender is black. The Chinese guy says "Give me a Jigga ya nigga" .. The black bartender begins to make him a Jigga but questions himself and then asks the Chinese guy.. "Excuse me sir can you repeat yourself"? He responds "Yea ya monkey nigga  give me a Jigga". The black bartender gets furious and asks the Chinese guy if the roles were reversed how would he feel. The Chinese guy shrugs and says "I wouldnt mind". So the black bartender says "ok go behind the bar and I will leave the bar".  The black guy walks into the bar sits down and says "give me one drink ya chink". The Chinese guy says "I am sorry we don't serve niggers"
A hurricane walks into a bar... She announces her arrival with a cheerful joke which is met by raucous screams. She sits at the bar and tells the bartender "they really liked that one."  The bartender replies, "they were blown away!"
An atheist, a Crossfitter, and a vegan walk into a bar. I know because they told me.
A guy walks into a barber shop drunk and asks for the latest hairstyle... So the barber asks him if he's intoxicated and the guy says "no, I want the lastest hair style"  The barber looks over at the front door and notices the drunk guy has tied up a push bike on a dog lead.   The barber turns to the guy and asks "is that your bike?"  The guys says "no, I'm taking my dog for walk. Give me the latests hairstyle"  At this point the  barber is about the throw the guy out and he says "I don't know what this is but you must think I'm mad if I'm going to cut the hair of person who walks their dog at 3am in the morning?!"  At this point the drunk gets a rowdy and just plonks down on one of the barber chairs and starts cutting his own hair.   The barber steps back, afraid to aprehend the guy and says "hey, stop, you can't cut your own hair, you are are not qualified!"  The guy says "Well if you're not going to cut my hair I'll have to do it myself"  At that moment someone passing by looks in and says "what's all the comotion, is everything ok?"  The barber is relieved this person showed up because he needs to support of someone else to handle this drunk person. The barber says "I open for business but I'm not cutting the hair of drunk person who walks their dog at 3am in morning!"  The person outside stumbles and walks up to the barber and says "I also want a haircut"  The barber smells his breath and notices this guy is drunk too. At that moment he is feeling outnumbered by all the drunk customers wanting haircuts.   He steps back and says "I'm not cutting your hair because it's 3am and your drunk wanting haircuts. What sort of crazy people get drunk at 3am and want haircut?!"  That's when the 2 men turn to him and shout: "We're crazy?! you're the one open for business at 3am!"
So a man walks into a bar with a gun He yells “Which one one of you twats nailed my wife ?!” as he cocks his gun.  Someone at the end of the bar suddenly says :  “You don’t have enough bullets mate !”
A duck walks into a bar and says "Quack" His psychologist takes a sip of his beer, diagnoses the duck as suffering from delusions, and tells the duck to leave his office.
Guy walks into a restaurant, "Waiter, I'll have a pea."  'Is that all sir ?'  "I usually order more but my wife is saving me from obesity. She's a surgeon, and has tied up my stomach to restrict food"  'Whaat?! She Did Knot..'
A woman walks into a bar... A woman walks into a bar on a Saturday, orders a triple Jack Daniels, knocks it back in one gulp and orders another. She does this again and falls on the floor blind drunk. Every guy in the place fucks her.    She comes back to the bar a week later. Again, she orders a triple Jack Daniels, knocks it back in one shot and orders another. And another. She again falls on the floor in a drunken stupor. Every guy in the place fucks her again.  On the third Saturday, she comes in and orders a white wine spritzer.   Bartender: “ I thought you drank Jack Daniels.”   “Not any more. That shit makes my pussy sore!” 
So a man walks into a bar And the warden said "dammit jim, i told you not to put the blind person in the standard jail cell"
Jeff, a semicolon, and an Oxford Comma walk into a bar. They both had a great time.
Dracula walks into a pub... When Dracula approaches the bar and orders a glass of hot water. Two men at the end notice him and ask each other what in the world he would want with a glass of hot water since all Dracula drinks is blood. So curious they decide to watch him. When the bartender returns and places the glass of hot water in front of him Dracula thanks him then reaches into his cape and takes out a used tampon that he begins to dunk in the hot water as he says "Tea Time!". 
Dracula, Frankenstein and Wolfman walk into a bar...... Dracula, Frankenstein and Wolfman walk into a bar in Transylvania.  The bartender seeing who it is starts to get a little nervous not knowing what is going to happen.  Bartender goes up and asks "What are you having".   Wolfman says "I'll have a rare steak". Frankenstein says "I'll take some electricity" Dracula says "A glass of water with ice".  The bartender goes back and puts their order together.  He puts the steak in front of the Wolfman who eats it in one bite. Bartender hooks Frankenstein up to some jumper cables and a car and watches him shake uncontrollably.  Finally he sets down the water in front of Dracula. Dracula starts to stand up and reach for something under his cloak.  Dracula seeing how nervous the bartender is, pulls out his hand and shows the bartender a bloody tampon. The bartender is really confused until Dracula puts the tampon into the water and says "mmm fresh ice tea".
A dick walks into a bar asking for a drink The bartender sorry we only serve seamen
A skeleton walks into a bar And orders a beer and a mop
A priest, a paedophile and a rapist walk into a bar And that was just the first guy
One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. One night a man walks into a bar looking sad. The bartender asks the man what he wants. The man says “Oh just a beer”. The bartender asked the man “Whats wrong,why are you so down today?”. The man said “My wife and i got into a fight,and she said she would’nt talk to me for a month”. The bartender said “So whats wrong with that”? The man siad “Well the month is up tonight”.
A gay guy walks into his house and shouts "Honey, I'm homo" 
A blind Bambi walks into a bar. Barman asks "And what the hell are you ?"  "No eye deer"
A cashew walks into a bar ...and announces himself. All the patrons turn around and say "Bless you!"
A leper walks into a bar, sits down. After a moment the bartender looks at him and barfs all over the floor The leper is deeply hurt and says, "Hey man, I know I'm not the most handsome man in the world, but the least you could do is not barf right in front of me!" The bartender apologizes and explains it's not him, it's the man next to him. "Oh really!?" The leper shouted in disbelief, "and what's wrong with the man next to me?" "He's dipped his nacho in your neck."
[Videogames] A Protoss, a Zergling, and a Terran walk into a bar. They get into an argument over who has the greatest advantages.  The Protoss says his species shield technology makes them much tougher.  The Zergling says nothing in the universe can run faster than him.  The Terran says, "I'm the only one who can actually have a drink"
A skeleton walks into a bar... A skeleton walks into a bar, orders a beer and a mop.
So a Spoon and a Doorknob walk into a pub The Spoon sits down on one side of the table the Doorknob on the other.   The waiter comes over introduces himself and gives them both a menu. Looking around nervously the waiter bends down close between the two. "So it's like this!" The waiter whispers "The manager is a horse, so whatever you do don't sneeze!"  Puzzled as to what the correlation between sneezing and horses is, the Spoon and Doorknob exchange confused glances with the waiter.   "What?" The Spoon pipes up.  The waiter looks around again checking to make sure nobody is within ear shot. "The manager is a horse.."  The Spoon and the Doorknob stare blankly, massively confused and slightly agitated now. "We get.. that the manager is a horse!" The Doorknob spits through gritted teeth.  "So don't sneeze!" The waiter chimes back.  flabbergasted at the shear ignorance of the waiter the Spoons temper gets the best of him. Yelling and spitting he tears into the waiter. "Okay dumbass! We goddamn understand the manager is a ####ing horse! We ####ing get that we shouldn't mother####ing sneeze! But how in the sweet ####ing holy heart of Mary? Are the those two things related!" Slumping back in his seat he patiently awaits the answer, as does the Doorknob.  "Really?.." the waiter says. "Sometimes things just don't make sense.."
Two men celebrating Oktoberfest walk into a bar.... They walk up to the bartender and both order a pint and a bratwurst. One of the men's phone rings and he answers. It's his wife on the line.  "Honey, I need to tell you, I cheated on you."  "What?!?!" the man yells, "With who??????"  There's indistinct mumbling from the other line, then the call drops.  The man is furious! He jumps up from his seat, picks up the bratwurst and chucks it into the wall as he storms out of the bar.  "Jeez. Any idea who slept with your friend's wife?" the Bartender asks his friend.  "No idea", says his friend. "But I'm going to assume the wurst."  I swear to God I am getting the fuck out of here right now. I'm so sorry, Reddit.
A blind man walks into a bar.             And a table. And a chair.
A man walks into a bar... He orders 10 shots, then 9, then 8, then 7 and so on and he thinks to himself: "Fucking weird. The less I drink the drunker I get."
Two Scientists walk into a Bar One says "I'll have some H2O."  The other says "I'll have some H2O, too."     The bartender gives them both water because he is able to distinguish the boundary tones that dictate the grammatical functional of homonyms in coda position as well as pragmatic context.
My dead mom walks into a bar... The bartender says, "we don't serve ghosts here" My mom in response gives the bartender a thumbs down and says, "Boooooooooooooooooo". 
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up 2 fingers, and says, "I'd like five beers please."
A bear walks into a bar in BC And orders a beer,  the bartender says," We don't serve beers to bears in bars in BC". Before he can respond an old lady in the back of the bar says, " Get that filthy bear out of here!", Bear looks over at her, looks back the bartender and says, " I want a beer now." Bartender says,"Sorry we don't serve beer to bears and bars in BC". The old lady once again yells from the back, "Get that filthy bear out of here!!". The bear ignores her this time and absolutely demands a beer from the bartender, or else! Once again the old lady for the third time screams, " I said get that filthy bear out of here!!!".  The bear jumps over to her and eats her in four bites. Comes back to the bartender and says now I want that beer. The bartender says sorry we don't serve Bears on drugs. "What do you mean on drugs asked the bear?" Bartender says, "That's a bar bitch you ate"
A man with a dog walks into a bar. The dog shits on the floor.   The man didn’t realise, so he ordered a drink and went to sit down with his dog.  A second man enters the bar and slips over on the dog shit. He gets up in shock, staggers over to the bar and orders a drink.  A third man enters the bar and also slips on the dog shit.  The second man turns to him, laughs and says “Haha I just did that!”  Third man smacks him in the face and says “YOU DIRTY FUCKER!” 
A man walks into a psychiatrist's office... A man walks into a psychiatrist's office wearing absolutely nothing but a pair of shorts made out of saran wrap. The psychiatrist takes one look at him and says, 'Well, I can clearly see you're (your) nuts!'
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender asks, "Why the long face?"
Three vampires walk into a bar. The first one says "I'll have a pint of blood."  The second one says "I'll have one too."  The third one says " I'll have a pint of plasma."  The bartender says "So that'll be two bloods and a blood lite?" 
A Scotsman and an Irishman walk into a pub. The Scotsman says "round of drinks for everyone on me." The next day's newspaper headline read: "Irish ventriloquist found beaten to death behind pub."
So a mushroom walks into a bar, bartender immediately kicks him out The mushroom replies "why are you kicking me out? I'm a fun-gi"
A blind man walks into a bar... and begins to swing his guide dog around by its leash. A confused waiter runs up to the man and asks what the blind man is doing. The blind man replies, "I'm just taking a look around".
A man walks into a butcher shop. There's desperation in his voice as he pleads "I know this is a butcher shop, but do you have any potatoes?"  With a fresh-rolled blunt in his hand, the butcher responds "Hey man, relaaaaaaax. There has to be a market around here somewhere. You'll find your way"  The panicking man yells "THIS IS A MATTER OF LIFE AND DEATH! TELL ME WHERE TO GET POTATOES."  The butcher, who has just lit up what is his seventh blunt of the day responds "If it's that bad, try asking the meat. It's all delivered from the market so I'm sure you can get some directions. I talk to the pork and the steaks all the time."  Frustrated and defeated, the man sighs, and with a defeated tear in his eye asks the pork loins and the steaks where to get potatoes.  The man couldn't catch a break that day. The pork loins didn't want to give him the wrong information, and the steaks were too high.
A neutron walks into a bar. The bartender, after looking at it, says: ''For you, no charge''.
Goldmember walks into a bar holding his wang Bartender says: AU put that away.  
A family walks into a hotel... The father goes to the front desk and says, "I hope the porn is disabled."  The guy at the desk replies, "It's just regular porn your sick fuck!"
A duck walks into a bar... "I'd like a shot of tequila!" he says to the barman.  "Sure, here you go. That's $10 please."  "Ok, just put it on my bill."
Why did the male feminist walk into the bar? Because it was set so low.
A black guy walks into a bar and asks for a drink.    Bartender: I like your accent, where are you from?   Guy: I'm Liberian!   Bartender:   &amp;nbsp;   ^^^*Oh* ^^^*sorry.* ^^^*I* ^^^*like* ^^^*your* ^^^*accent* ^^^*where* ^^^*are* ^^^*you* ^^^*from?*
Guy walks into a bar and orders a fruit punch. Bartender says "Pal, if you want a punch you'll have to stand in line" Guy looks around, but there is no punch line.   
A vegan and crossfitter walks into a bar. I only know this because they started telling everyone within minutes of arriving.
An American guy walks into a pub in Ireland He's never been to Ireland before and he wants to do the typical tourist thing of grabbing a Guinness in an Irish pub.  He walks up to the bar and the bartender grufly asks him, "What do ya want?"  The American is slightly taken aback by the tone but says, "I'd like a Guinness, please."  The bartender stares for a second then turns around and replies, "Another damn Guinness, ugh. Coming right up."  The American watches the bartender sort of slam glasses around before he finally asks, "Hey man, I notice you're in a bit of a mood, did I do something?"  The bartender is still for a second then quickly turns around, "Do you see that fence over there across from my pub?"  "Yeah," the American replies a bit confused.  "I built that fence with my bare hands!  Only took me one day.  But do they call me MacGregor the fence builder?  Noooooo!"  The American doesn't know what to say.  "You see that driveway over there?  I know you see it.  I paved that driveway, on my own in two days with my bare hands.  But do they call me MacGregor the mason?  Nooooo!" He angrily tells the American who is still confused.  The American says, "I don't understand why that has you so bothered."  Ignoring him the bartender continues, "Now I know you see that house over there!  I built that house with my own bare hands.  Took me 2 months but I completed it all from scratch.  Do they call me MacGregor the carpenter?  Nooooo!  But I fucked one goat..."
A pirate walks into a bar with a peg leg, a hook hand, and an eye patch... He sits down, and after a few drinks someone asks him “what happened to your leg?”  “Aye, a shark,” he says. “He bit it clean off!”  Then someone asks him “what happened to your hand?”  “Aye, a crocodile,” he says. “Bit it clean off!” Finally, someone asks him “what happened to your eye?”  “Aye, a seagull,” he replies.  “A seagull?” Someone says.  “Yes,” says the pirate. “Pooped in my eye, he did. First day with my hook hand,” 
Two men walk into a bar, the first man orders H2O, the second man says "I'll have H2O too!" The second man dies.
A Man walks into a vet's office with a crow The crow is tightly secured in the man's grasp, with no means of possible escape. The feathers are ruffled and falling off, and scars cover it's exposed flesh underneath. Blood drips from some scratches along the body. Despite all of this, the crow is completely silent, and stares into the vet's eyes as he looks down at the little animal.   "I'm sorry," said the vet, "we don't deal with crows here, we just don't have the necessary equipment for them."  The crow looks at the vet and says, "well what about dumbass owners?"
A man walks into his bedroom with a sheep under his arm His wife is lying in bed reading.   The man says, "This is the pig I have sex with when you've got a headache."   His wife replies, "I think you'll find that is a sheep."   The man replies, "I think you'll find I was talking to the sheep."
Bob the Sailor &amp; Ollie the Octopus walk into a bar... Bob the sailor walks into a bar carrying a large octopus. He announces to the bar that this octopus can not only talk, but he has a very unique talent which he will share with the crowd for $50 a turn.  Bartender says "There's no way that octopus can talk."  "Sure he can. Ollie, tell the nice folks you can talk." says Bob.  "He's right," says Ollie the Octopus, "I can talk. I can also play any musical instrument."  "True story!" Says Bob the sailor "...but if you wanna test him, you've gotta pay 50 bucks a try!"  One fella reaches into his pocket and says "Here's $50, and my harmonica." Ollie plays a long, slow, mournful song that quiets the bar and brings a tear to the eye of everyone with a heart not made of stone. This is truly amazing, especially since octopi are devoid of lips. Jimmy runs out to his car and grabs his fiddle. He hands it to Ollie with a crisp $50 bill. Ollie picks up the fiddle and plays a lively jig that has boots stomping and hands slapping tables. The mood has improved and folks are buying rounds for Ollie and Bob.  Seamus, an old, crusty Scotsman hobbles over to Bob and says "Aye boy, ye plannin' on bein' here for a spell?"  "Sure we are!" say Bob and Ollie in unison.  "Good then. I'll be right back."  And off Seamus goes into the evening.  Bob and Ollie have a few more drinks, Ollie plays a few more instruments, and everyone sings a few more songs.  About an hour later, Seamus casts a dark shadow at the tavern door. Clutched under his arm is the most magnificent set of Great Highland Bagpipes you've ever seen. Dark polished wood for the chanter, mouthpiece, and three drones.  The cover was done in rich corduroy, slightly worn from the years of use.  Ollie's eyes widened in suprise.  Seamus gently placed the pipes down on the bar beside Ollie with a wry grin and quietly said "Now m'boy...what're ye gonna do with that!?" Ollie was speechless. He ran his tentacles over the individual pieces, exploring the instrument. He felt the cloth, the wood, the finger holes. He'd never seen anything like this.  Seamus got louder. "Come ON ye silly cephalopod!" which was strange for Seamus to say, being as though he only had a third grade education. "What're ye gonna do with this now?!"  Ollie looked as Seamus, and with determination in his eyes he said:  "I'm going to make love to her. Just as soon as I figure out how to get her pajamas off!"
A girls walks into an Adult Store. "Hi I want to buy that Red Dildo right there" Cashier: that's a Fire Extinguisher you whore"
A vampire walks into a bar... he goes over and says "Bartender I would like two shots of blood." The bartender reaches behind the bar, and pours him two shots of blood.  Another vampire overhears, and decides he would like two shots of blood. The bartender once again pours him two shots of blood. Both vampires drink their shots.  A third vampire walks over to the bar, and the bartender, without being asked, begins two pour two shots of blood for him. The 3rd vampire stops him, and says, "I'll just have a mug of hot water." The bartender looks confused, but pours the hot water in a mug. Finally, he has to ask"I understand the shots of blood, but why do you want just hot water?"  The vampire reaches into his pocket, pulls out a tampon, and exclaims "Its Tea Time!"
A man walks into a bar holding a baby peep A man walks into a bar holding a baby peep. There's only one more stool left, so he sits down next to a gruff, burly man. The burly man takes a look at the man and at his peep and asks gruffly "Who told ya you could sit there? Get up and leave!" The man thinks about this for a bit and says "This is the only seat left, and I'm thirsty... Why can't I sit here?". The burly man stares back at him and replied "We don't like your type around here. Ya wanna fight about it?"  Immediately the bar goes silent and looks expectantly at the man holding the peep.  The man holding the peep stood up and left, because he was feeling a little chicken.
Joke I made up: Caveman and a bear walk into a bar. Bartender says "what's your story?" Caveman says... Bear with me...
A Killer, a Rapist, and a Conman walks into a bar... Bartender says, "Holy Shit! It's Donald Trump!"
A vegan walks into a bar I only know because he/she told everyone within two minutes.
A man walks into a bar A man walks into a bar. He sees a jar full of money. He asks the bartender about it and he is told that it's a contest of sorts. Basically participants have to put in 10$ into the jar and whoever wins gets all of the money. He puts in 10$ and he is told that to win he needs to do three tasks. The first is to drink a shitton of whiskey. The second is to pull a tooth from a dog outside. The third is to give an 80 year old lady an orgasm. So he drinks the whiskey fairly easily and then goes outside to the dog. The bartender hears a lot of loud noise from outside only for the man to come back inside and ask "okay now where's the old lady I need to pull the tooth from?"
3 Ducks Walk Into a Bar The bartender asks the first Duck, "how's your day been?"     The first duck says, "Good day, great day even! Been in and out of puddles all day! Just a wonderful day!"     The bartender asks the second Duck, "And how was your day?"     The second Duck says, "Great day, awesome day even! Been in and out of puddles all day! Just an amazing day!"     The bartender looks down at the third Duck and asks, "And your day?"     The third Duck says, "Not too bad, but I've had better."     "Oh, You weren't in and out of puddles like these two?" replies the bartender.     "No silly," the third duck says batting her eyelashes. "My name's Puddles."
A Pirate Walks Into a Bar The bartender hasn't seen him in a while and notices he has a few new additions, namely, a peg leg, a hook for a hand, and a missing eye. He asks the pirate what happened.  "Well," says the pirate, "I lost my leg in a shark attack when I'd fallen overboard drunk"  "That's terrible" says the bartender. "What about your hand?"  "That there I lost in a duel" replied the pirate   "And your eye?" implored the bartender  "I was on watch the night after the duel and a bird shit in my eye" said the pirate.  "Wait, you lost your eye from bird shit?" the bartender asks.  So the pirate says "Well, I'd only had the hook for a day" 
An Englishman, an Irishman and a Scotsman walk into a bar... The bartender says "What is this?! Some kind of joke?"
A man walks into a bar... A man walks into a bar and sees a tiny man, less than a foot tall, playing a beautiful jazz tune a miniature piano. Amazed, he asks the bartender, "How on earth did you manage to hire such a talented and small man to play music for your bar?"    The bartender replies, "Well you see, I wished for him from the Genie who lives in the alley out back."  "For real? Are you just pulling my leg?" inquires the patron.  "I'm serious, go out back and ask him for a wish yourself. Be careful though, he's hard of hearing."    Excitedly, the man goes out back in the alley and after bumping into a garbage can...  "I AM THE GENIE OF THE TRASH! WHAT IS YOUR WISH?"    The man ponders for a moment and says, "I wish for a million bucks!"    Instantaneously, the back alley fills up with a humongous flock of Mallards. Furious, the man goes back inside and yells at the bartender,   "What gives? The Genie didn't grant my wish! Now the back alley is filled with a million ducks!"  "I told you the Genie was hard of hearing," said the bartender, "I mean, do you really think I wished for an eleven inch pianist?"
A horse walks into a bar... The bartender says, "Hey why the long face?"  To which the Horse replies, "Fuck you."
So a guy walks into a Ferrari dealership. A salesman comes up to him and asks, "Sir, are you thinking about buying a Ferrari?"  The man says "No, I am definitely buying a Ferrari. What I'm thinking about is pussy." 
Four Fonts Walk Into a Bar The barman says "Oi - get out! We don't want your type in here"    
So a horse walks into a bar... Samuel L. Jackson after a long career as an actor decides to open a bar. The first day that the bar is open a horse walks in and is promptly shot by Mr. Jackson then another walks in and that one is shot too. This goes on for about three days before a farmer walks in and says  "you been shooting my horses?"  Yeah motherfucker I have  "why?" Because I'm tired of these motherfucking horses in my mother fucking bar.  Thought this up in traffic typed on mobile before I forgot it.
An old man walks into a bar and asks  for a bottle of 40-year-old Scotch. The bartender, not wanting to give up the good liquor, pours a shot of  10-year-old Scotch  and  figures that  the man won’t be able to tell the difference. The man downs the Scotch and says, ‘This Scotch is only 10  years old!  I specifically asked for 40-year-old Scotch.’  Amazed, the bartender reaches into a locked cabinet underneath the bar, pulls out a bottle of 20-year-old Scotch, and pours the man a shot. The man drinks  it  down  and says, ‘That was 20year-old  Scotch. I asked for 40-year-old Scotch.’   So the bartender goes into the back room, brings out a bottle of 30-year-old Scotch, and pours the man a drink. By now a small crowd has gathered around  the man and is  watching  anxiously as he downs the latest drink. Once again the man states the true age of the Scotch and repeats his original  request for 40-year-old Scotch. The bartender can hold  off no  longer and disappears into the cellar to get a bottle of prime 40-year-old Scotch.  Soon, the bartender returns with  the bottle and pours a shot. The man downs the Scotch and says, ‘Now this is 40-year-old Scotch!’ The crowd applauds his discriminating  palate.   An old drunk, who had been watching the proceedings with  interest, raises  a full  shot  glass of his own and says,  ‘Here, take a swig of this.’ The man takes the glass and downs the drink in one swallow. Immediately, he chokes and spits out the liquid on the floor.  ‘My God!  That  tastes like piss,’ he yells. ‘Great guess,’ says the drunk. ‘Now, how old am I?’
A man walks into a pet store He walks up to the shopkeeper and asks him for a suggestion for his daughters birthday.  "Sir come with me! I have some very friendly monkeys that your daughter would adore!"  The shopkeeper then takes him over to a cage full of monkeys. The father notices the price tag, $1000. He starts to ponder it a bit when he notices a cage beside it with one monkey in it, but a price tag of $5000  "Why is that monkey more expensive?" "Oh sir, let me show you"  The shopkeeper opens the cage door, then gives the monkey some coloured pencils and a piece of paper. The monkey looks at the father, then in a flurry starts colouring the paper. After a few minutes it hands the father the piece of paper. On it is a crude but distinguishable portrait of the father.  "Remarkable!" He stands in amazement, but as he goes to put the paper down, he notices beside it another monkey in a cage with the price tag, $20000. "... if this one draws pictures, what does that monkey do?"  The shopkeeper opens the cage, and fetches a keyboard from out the back. The monkey then jumps up and starts playing Beethoven with perfect timing. The shopkeeper asks it to play Bach, Mozart and Chopin, and each time it does perfectly. The shopkeeper says he can play over a thousand songs from memory. The father stands in disbelief.   But then he notices another monkey in a cage, this time the price tag is $100000.  "Whoa!! What on earth does that monkey do for a hundred grand!"  The shopkeeper pauses. Sighs, then says "Well, sir... I've never actually seen him do anything, but he tells me he's a politician"
A horse walks into a bar I'm sorry, typo, I meant BARN. A horse walks into a barn after a long day working the farm. 
A knife walks into a bar... the bartender says, "hey you're looking sharp!"
A skeleton walks into a bar... And says: "Give me a beer and a mop"
So Helen Keller walks into a bar... Then a table, then a chair.
2 Guys walk into a bar Knock Knock
A piece of string walks into a bar... A string walks into a bar with a few friends and orders a beer. The bartender says, "I'm sorry, but we don't serve strings here."  The string goes back to his table. He ties himself in a loop and messes up the top of his hair. He walks back up to the bar and orders a beer.  The bartender squints at him and says, "Hey, aren't you a string?"  The string says, "Nope, I'm a frayed knot."
A man walks into a bar, followed by an ostrich and a black cat... He sits at the bar, orders a beer and a burger, and enjoys quietly his meal while the crowd stares at the animals. When he's finished, he blindly reaches into his pocket and pulls exactly the right amount of cash to pay the bill plus tip, and walks away with his ostrich and his cat.  The next day the man comes back, still followed by his animals. He orders a coke and a BLT, and eats quietly while everyone is mesmerized by the strange view. Once again he blindly reaches into his pocket and pays exactly the bill before leaving.  The third day the same man walks into the same bar with the same ostrich and cat, and orders a scotch. The barman can't contain his curiosity any longer, and asks him what the hell is going on, so the guy responds:  "Well, I was walking in the park three days ago, and I stumbled into a talking frog, who asked me to kiss her in exchange for three wishes! I was a bit drunk, so I did, and she transformed into a fairy right in front of me! My first wish was to always have the money I need in my pocket, even if I'm broke" "Alright" says the barman, "that explains the bills, but what about the animals?" "Then I asked for a tall chick with a little black pussy"
A man walks into a bar, and sees an attractive woman sitting alone at the next table. Suddenly, she sneezes, and a glass eye comes flying out of her eye socket. It hurls by the man, and he snatches it from the air and hands it back to her.  "This is so embarrassing," the woman says, and she pops her eye back in place. "I'm sorry to have disturbed you. Let me buy dinner to make it up to you. May I join you?"   He nods.  The woman is a stimulating conversationalist, stunningly pretty, and the man finds they have a lot in common. He gets her phone number and asks, "You are the most charming woman I've ever encountered. Are you this nice to every guy you meet?"  "No," she replies. "You just happened to catch my eye."
A gymnast walks into a bar... She is then deducted 5 points
A bartender walks into a bar... because he works there. 
[NSFW] Three men walk into the ER... The first man walks up the the nurse's station, limping and waddling slightly.  "Hello sir, what seems to be the issue today?" asks the nurse  "well, er, my wife and i were...experimenting in bed and she plays the tuba." He lets out a massive fart as he speaks, turning red as people turn to look.  "oh! well have a seat over there, the doctor will be with you shortly."  "i think i'll stand."  He goes off to stand in the corner. the next man walks up to the nurse.  "Hello sir, what seems to be the problem today?"  "MY WIFE IS AN OPERA SINGER. I GUESS I DID SOMETHING RIGHT LAST NIGHT, BECAUSE I CANT HEAR A THING!" he screams over the counter.  "OK SIR, HAVE A SEAT OVER THERE, THE DOCTOR WILL BE WITH YOU SHORTLY!"  the third man walks up to the counter holding his groin, pale, staggering and in obvious pain.  "Hello sir what seems to be the problem today?"  "my wife is a drummer."
A guy walks into a house and steals all the ham Ham burglar
A woman walks into a pet store... And eyes a beautiful parrot with a muzzle on its beak. She's curious about the muzzle and asks a clerk why the parrot was muzzled. The clerk tells her that the parrot once belonged to a very salty pirate and that it has the filthiest mouth he's ever heard.  She sees the possibility of a discount and manages to get the parrot at a huge bargain.  When she gets home, she takes off the parrot's muzzle and the parrot promptly started screaming obscenities at the woman.  She was shocked at the birds extensive rude vocabulary, but decides that if she waits long enough the parrot would behave.  After 3 hours of verbal assault, the woman becomes exasperated and throws the parrot in her large deep freezer.  She hears squawking and cursing for about 3 minutes when all of the sudden the parrot just stops.  Fearing that the parrot may be dead, she opens the freezer, and the parrot calmly climbs out, and apologizes, "I'm so sorry that I have offended you, I promise I won't swear again. Incidentally, what did the chicken do?"   *edited for clarity and spelling*
